The Arrival
The Madeline Calderon Trilogy Book I


By Maymi Alicea
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 Maymi Alicea


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Preface
Today as the sun rises a sense of completion engulfs me and I prepare for the day ahead. Another night of contemplating our first words, what will it be like to look into her eyes once again.  Would she remember me in her reincarnated state or did I have the daunting task of getting her to fall for me again?  In reality it did not matter, she belongs to me and I to her.  Two planets set to align until the fates saw it necessary to make our planets crash.  What role would I presume this time, the loyal BFF (how I hate the need adolescents today have to abbreviate words), or perhaps the great love she wishes for? Best to play it by ear and see what she is into.
Before heading to school I had to make a stop at the airport, because today was the day she arrives, I was sure of it!
Chapter 1
Life in the city is exciting and noisy, luckily I have the ability to tune all sounds out especially the internal ones that tend to be the most exhausting.  Despite the hustle and bustle I am going to miss my life here and my grandma.  Her position as an elder in the Wiccan's counsel is an honor and one I do not want her to turn down.  Living with my dad after all these years will be an adjustment but it's what's best for all.  If I am being honest with myself it feels as if I am being pulled toward my new home.  Perhaps it is the connection I once had with my dad, which felt like it ran deeper than DNA.  Being born into a supernatural family adds a slew of challenges, but when you have a good mentor, everything starts to balance out.  In New Jersey I'll have my father and Ms. Groves.  Grams couldn't tell me much about her, besides the fact that she is quite powerful.  The lessons she would teach are apparently priceless.
My mom.  The memories of her baking in the kitchen and dancing to whatever song playing on the radio fills my head.  She was my first teacher and mentor.  We did not get the chance to go over much, but she definitely covered the basics.  After my mother's disappearance my "gifts" began to manifest and I was unsure how to handle them.  For weeks groups of family and friends would gather at our home to form search party groups.  I can remember all the thoughts running through their minds.  If I had the control I have today I could have pieced together the truth of my mother's whereabouts.  The truth was hiding behind the jumbled words filled with pain, anger, and uncertainty floating around.  I know there are things Grams is keeping from me.  I'm determined to use the time spent in my birth home finding out what.
Over the years my powers became stronger and evolved from brief random visions to full pictures of the future and past.  I have even developed my talent for cognitive healing.  I have always been an empathetic kid, but the power to influence others did not come into fruition until my teenage years.  One time my closest friend Natalia had a major breakup with her boyfriend, and I knew it was my job to make her feel better.  "Okay, sweet pea I have brought the essentials.  Ice cream, cookies, and enough ammo to do some decent boy bashing."  Natalia gave me a weak smile as she reached up and snatched the pint of Haagen Daz chocolate chip cookie dough out of my hands.
"I'm just so miserable Mads, I can't believe he would do this to me.  I bet this has to do with that blonde bimbo propped on the top of the pyramid.  That WHORE!  Aaaaahhhhhh  Waaaahhh," Natalia began wailing again.  Dropping the ice cream on the floor she reached over for a cookie and balled herself up into a fetal position.  My attempt of consoling her the typical way was just not cutting it.  I knelt down next to her offering a shoulder to cry on and suddenly I was overcome with the urge to cry.  A shiny, blue glow only visible to me appeared and Nat's crying turned into soft sobs.  Suddenly she jumped right up off the floor, "Let's do some shopping!" she declared.  She quickly changed out of her sweats, combed her hair, and applied makeup.  A short time later we were walking through the mall, and Natalia was talking a mile a minute.  "Seriously Maddie what was I thinking.  He was such a loser, not even worth my time."
"I couldn't agree more Nat.  There are a number of guys at school who are dying for your attention," I said.
"Like Andre James.  He's kind of short, but he's really cute and funny.  Do you remember that joke he made at orientation," Nat said with a chuckle.
"Oh yea," I said laughing along.  Truth was I had no idea what Andre said during the assembly.  I was actually paying attention to the teachers.  But the important thing was that she was happy again, and finding ways to get over her heartache.  The thought that I had a lot to do with it made me smile.  I tried my abilities on a couple of others and found I could essentially heal a broken heart, or at least steer a person in the right direction.  People must sense it too, because many come to me just to talk and make sense of what is going on in their lives.
I zip up my suitcase, tape up the last box, and look around at the room that had been my home for the last 10 years.  Nostalgia immediately overwhelms my senses as I remember mastering my first spell and the pentagram of protection that is permanently embossed in the hardwood floor.  I will keep all that I have learned and experienced close to my heart, because along with my journey back to my old home will be a new role.  Upon conducting research Grams uncovered that witches were not the only supernatural beings that reside in Lodi, New Jersey.  I would face Vampires, like my father, werewolves, fairies, and possibly some low level Demons.  We worked feverously on spells, and talismans that can work in defending the innocent as well as attacking potential threats.  Grams taught me how to detect the supernatural and with further advancement of my power I mastered figuring out the type.
"Protection of things near and dear. How to open is not so clear. A caster's breeze void of fear. And thoughts held by a seer."
Grabbing my suitcase and carryon I take one last look around and turn to head downstairs.  Suddenly my vision begins to blur and the world is spinning.  After a few million rotations I am sitting in a sand box watching my Grams and mother having a heated discussion.  I can't hear everything but my grandmother's words are haunting.
"Perception is at the mercy of the individual. You choose to believe the world has done you harm but it is "you" that has prevented your happy ending.  The day is not over and you have not cast your last breath."  My mother turns and walks away.  My grandmother approaches me and works to ease my curiosity by rubbing my back.  She stares into my eyes and says, "You are destined for greatness, but there are forces that will try to hold you back and take control.  Unfortunately that also includes your mother.  You will have to save her and others when the time comes, and I know in my heart you will be up for the challenge."
"Are you ready dear?!" My grandmother yells up the stairs, carrying me out of my vision.  I descend down the stairs and into the entranceway.  "Yes, I'm ready to blow this pop stand," I add jokingly.  Trying my best to mask the intensity of this vision and my desire to analyze it I tune Grams out as she asks, "Did you remember to protect all your belonging, pack all your incantation making supplies, your books so you can keep up with your studies, the?"
"Grandma I have everything I need, and I promise I will be fine," I said.  I walk into her waiting arms, and we hold each other and I am brought back to the day I arrived at her home in Dover, Delaware.  As a seven year-old this large house seemed scary and intimidating.  The statues of various gods, goddesses, and fairies in wrought iron line the front entrance.  As you enter through the tall, red, wooden doors you find yourself in a marble entrance way with tall ceilings.  They seem like they reach the heavens they are so high, or at least it seems that way to a seven year old.  I was close to my grams even back then, but leaving my home and my father created a tension between us, I still till this day cannot explain.  Just like me, Grams had the ability to ease a person's negative emotions.  Once grandma spoke with her angelic tone all my fears diminished.  Whatever she had done that day she was doing at this moment because any reservations I had were swept away.  I brought our bags to the taxi waiting outside, and grandma and I took another long look at the house that was our home for so long and said our silent goodbyes. 
As we approach the airport grandma turns to the driver, "Take us to the section labeled departing private flights, please." The driver nods and heads toward the directed terminal.  My father holds a high position in town and made sure that I as well as my grandmother would reach our destinations comfortably and safely.  He hired two private jets, one heading toward New Jersey, and the other Massachusetts where grandma will live and assume her new role.  The driver and some of the airline staff handled our bags as grandma and I spoke our final words.  
"Until we meet again sweet pea.  Remember your talents will grow so it is crucial you continue to learn and practice.  There are many things waiting for you, including some difficult choices.  Follow your heart but let your mind take the lead." Grandma followS her speech with another tight hug and a few more choice words of protection.
"I love you grandma and thank you for everything."  "I will be sure to continue practicing and will forever keep your words in my heart and mind." I said with my head buried in my grandmother's head.
We both headed in opposite directions and as I walk toward the small plane I could hear grandma placing a protection spell over it as well as on everyone on it.  I smile as I realize how much I would miss my guardian angel, and that now it was my turn to guard not only myself but also others.
Chapter 2
My flight is smooth and quick thanks to Grams and my father's efforts.  As the torrential storm wreaking havoc over New Jersey is more likely to delay every other flight coming in, I am safely arriving.  The plane touches down gracefully and the pilot expertly drives the plane into a garage.  Once the stairs descends I gather my things and head toward the exit.
"Please watch your step ma'am and have a nice day," the flight attendant says as she guides me out the door.
"Thank you, and you as well." I say with a smile as I exit the plane.
I begin walking down the stairs watching each step as instructed and all of a sudden I am consumed with the over whelming desire to look up.  I stop and standing on the other side of a glass partition was a gorgeous man with dark intense eyes looking straight at me.  Thanks to my grams I recognize a Vamp when I'm around one.  His stare gives me the impression he is waiting for me.  I don't feel threatened but rather drawn to him.  He looks as if he has been there for an eternity just staring at the glass waiting.  I can tell by his gaze he is attempting to enter my mind.  How rude? I thought.  How dare he think it is okay to enter a stranger's mind.  Despite my certainty we have never met I fail to diminish this sense of familiarity.  His gaze speeds up my heart rate, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to breathe.
"Ma'am is everything okay?" A soft voice behind me asks breaking the spell.  "I'm fine thank you." And when I turn back, the mysterious man is gone.  I remain glued hoping for his return.  Realizing the driver was waiting, I run into the car and we drive out the airport and onto an industrial road.  After passing some train tracks I notice a Starbucks to my left and make a mental note to remember how to get back here should the holy grail of java not have a location closer to Lodi.  I took in the quiet neighborhood with its white picket fences, which housed decent sized homes.  I recall the town of Hasbrouck Heights and how much bigger the town seemed when I was little.  A few blocks down we arrive in Lodi.  We drive onto Woodside Avenue and pull onto an extended driveway leading to a large, all brick home.  The driver opens my door, hands me an umbrella, and assists me out before heading to the back of the Lincoln Town car to retrieve my luggage.  I walk the short distance to the front door passing a flower bed with various colors.  The sensations radiating from the home are both thrilling and exhausting.  Judging from the thoughts coming from inside I was a welcomed and necessary addition.  I could also sense the various beings that stepped foot beyond this threshold.  Fairies were by far my favorite as they are sweet yet mischievous in the way they help.  This wasn't a big shock to me considering my father's position within the town.  My first task after unpacking will have to be to find out why there is so much excitement surrounding my arrival.  Before I could knock on the door, I sense someone approaching.  I took a short step back and wait for the cast iron door to slowly creek open.
"Hello dear, it is so good to have you home," says a well-endowed woman wearing a black number that looks straight out of Elvira's Every Day Collection.  
I smile sweetly, "Hello, you must be Ms. Groves."  
"I am indeed Amelia Groves and I assist your father with maintaining the house and various other responsibilities.  I doubt you remember much about me, I only just started working with him when your mother?"  Ms. Groves let's her sentence fall short.  In an attempt to recover, she continues toward the stairs, "let me show you to your room so you can get settled in.  And please call me Amelia."
"Thank you," I say as I follow her up the stairs.  "I understand you know a lot about the craft and other supernatural subjects, I look forward to learning from you.  Have you practiced all your life?"
"All my 150 years," Amelia says sweetly.
"150 years, wow," I say with admiration.  "You look amazing!" 
"Well I like to say I'm progressively young but not quite advanced," she said with a wink.  
I didn't understand her last comment, but Grams researched Amelia, and found nothing but glowing remarks.  Just in case I'll keep my guard up just until I am completely sure of her.  Before she even opened the door I could tell she is a shifter with a dash of seer.  My power confirms what Grams discovered.  Many supes befriend or marry a shifter since they make for loyal companions.  It makes me wonder if anything is going on between her and my dad.
Down the hall and to the right of the staircase is my room.  As we step in I cannot believe the size and décor.  To the right of the room is a Queen size canopy bed made out of this rustic beige colored wood and to one side is a matching dresser and vanity.  On the left is a door leading to my own private bathroom.  The bright white and light blue made the bathroom cheery and soothing.  I have a shower and separate tub, Wow, how amazing.  The sink is a modern bowl with a faucet that has a swan like arch.  The toilet lid has a royal blue cover and on the floor is a rug in front of the tub and toilet.  The accommodations could not be more cozy.  Next to the bathroom door is a large window, which is really a door leading to a balcony.  Amelia checking the locks are secure to ensure the rain is not coming in twirls around to face me.
"What do you think?  If there is anything you would like to change or need please do not hesitate to let me know.  This is your home and we want you to be happy.  I will give you a chance to change and get settled.  Once you are ready, meet me in the kitchen for some dinner I imagine you must be starving after your long flight."  Yea all half hour of it.
"Thank you, Amelia, everything is perfect," I say smiling.  "Um, when do think my father will be home?" I ask.
"Today has been an especially busy day for your father, if he doesn't come home too late I am sure he will pop his head in," she said enthusiastically.  Amelia walks toward the door and twirls around once more, "I am especially happy you are here, this house and town are in need of some enchanting new blood."  She closes the door and I am left in the middle of a comfortably large room wondering what kind of day is my father having.
Pushing the thought to the back burner I begin to go through my luggage for a pair of yoga pants and a sweatshirt.  After unpacking most of my clothes, shoes, and bags I close my curtain and prepare to unload my precious cargo.  Before heading down to dinner I prepare an altar and place a protection spell on my new digs.  My new walk-in closet is the ideal place to practice incantations as I have to make sure my altar is not discovered.  I take a deep breath and exhale over the seemingly small trunk while beginning my chant.
"Reappear for this seer"
"Reappear for this seer"
"Reappear for this seer"
The trunk opens and I reach in for my precious cargo and after placing various potions on a hidden shelf I light a candle and recite, "By the power within let only me see what I need."  I repeat the mantra two more times and went to clean up for dinner.  I look around the hallway taking in the photos on the wall.  Black and white portraits of relatives probably long gone is an interesting touch to the modern yet warm décor found throughout the house.  I assume they are relatives that passed centuries ago mostly because of the background scenes.  I linger at one photo of a man and woman who look exactly like my parents, but it was impossible as the couple look like royalty hosting a grand ball during the Victorian era.  I move further down the hall to check out the other pictures and find another of the same couple during the 1920's.  Following the line of photographs I see another of the pair, the man dressed in a military uniform, and the woman in bell-bottom jeans, a bright yellow top, and a crochet vest with fringe.  Definitely looks from the 70s, and ones I hope will never make a comeback.
Descending down the stairs my nostrils become overwhelmed by the smell of steamed crab legs, my favorite meal on the planet.  I wonder if it was my grandmother or my father who has told Amelia this is my favorite meal.  It would be nice to know my father remembered the little things, but I shook the idea off as it was highly doubtful.  I walk into the dining room and a beautiful setting is ready for two.  I figure my father will be working late, and Amelia and I will be eating together.  I welcome the chance to learn more about my family, Amelia, and the town.  To my surprise my father enters the dining room from the kitchen displaying a big smile that appears a bit awkward, but somehow it still radiates warmth.  I think he's actually nervous.
"Hello sweetheart, I am glad you're home" my father said as he walks toward me with open arms.  "Sorry I was not here to greet you.  How was the plane ride?  Do you like your room?  We can make any changes you want, do not hesitate to tell me."  My father finally realizing he is rambling, takes a deep breath and confesses, "I'm a little nervous."  "It has been a long time? too long."
"Yes it has, and I am happy to be here as well," I reply politely as I walk into his arms.  The truth is I am not entirely sure how I feel about this move.  All I know is that it is a necessary one, for both Grams and the town.  "My flight was fast, and the room is perfect.  Thank you."  "Dinner looks and smells delicious, I hope Amelia can join us," I say in an attempt to end the comforting yet uncomfortable embrace.  My father walks to the head of the table and I take the seat to his left.  We each grab some food from the center and begin filling our plates.  After a couple of bites and unanimously agreeing that the food was amazing, I begin asking questions about the town.  "So how many supes live in town?  My father spits out the bite of food he just placed in his mouth and begins coughing.
"Supes, what do you mean?"  He stammers while avoiding eye contact.
"You know, supernatural beings," I respond pretending not to realize his discomfort.  He glares at me thinking about his next question.  The level of anxiety pouring out of him is suffocating.  Deciding to put him out of his misery I shoot over calming waves of energy.  He begins to smile.
"Your grandmother has taught you well, I see," he says while trying to fight the joyous grin slowly emerging.  "I am fine, you can stop now."
"Dad, although I recognize I have a lot to learn, I am quite knowledgeable.  If you know nothing about Grams, know that she would never allow me to go into a situation without some heavy arsenal."  My father's reluctant grin was undeniably bright.  The rest of our dinner conversation was spent in a question and answer format.  He was having fun testing my knowledge and I enjoyed showing off both what I know and what I can do magically.  If tonight's dinner is any indication of what life will be like here, things would work out famously.
Chapter 3
Running toward each other, we enjoy a quick embrace before positioning ourselves back-to-back to ensure maximum coverage.  He guards the left and I take the right as we wait in the dark cemetery for them.  Tall, bare trees, stand tall in between an array of grave stones.  I am grateful for the dark grayness of the sky.  It iss dark enough for us to remain hidden without being blinded. The silence between us was deafening, but there were no words, as we both knew what needed to be done.  I would freeze the Demons as they approach and he will use his beautiful body, and dangerous strength to take them out.  The power and ability flowing through us is unstoppable when fused together.  Just as the silence was beginning to be too much, we hear a rustling of leaves coming from the right.  His protective instinct swings us around putting him in the immediate line of fire; however, I knew my role must come first.  Despite his age, skill, and lineage making him the strongest ally a girl could need, he had to concede and let me perform my task.  As the noise came closer I spun us back to the original position and called on the elements.  What came out of the woods was not what I expected.  He was magnificent in every way, right down to his fitted jeans and t-shirt.  
"Mmm the power that emanates from you is enticing, Princess.  What do you say you ditch your boyfriend and take a stroll," the Demon with his Adonis-like traits said appealingly.
"The only place you are going is back to whatever crevice of damnation you oozed out of," I reply defiantly.
"You're done," my love said with authority as he releases his grip on my hands and charge the Demon.  
"No!" I yell and immediately begin casting the spell that should freeze and weaken our opponent.  And just as I repeat the phrases for the third time he starts to laugh.  His laughter intensifies making him fall to the ground.  "Stop, please, ha ha ha, that tickles, ha ha!" 
"What kind of spell did you use, Maddie?" Lance asks with confusion.
"Ha ha ha, she uses a freezing, ha ha ha, spell, uh but that most certainly is not going to work on a being like myself," He said darkly, picking himself up from the ground.  "You are powerful my sweet, but you are going to have to dig deeper than that, especially if you are to be Queen."
"Queen? Queen of what?" Just as I prepare to throw another charm at him, a bright, golden light shines blinding each of us.  I hold up my arm to block the light to ensure I am not caught off guard and watch as my love disappears.  "Lance!" I cry out.  In the next moment I wake up in my bed with the warmth of the sunlight shining into my room.  Moments later there is a loud knocking on my door, "Maddie are you alright, May I come in?" Amelia urgently asks.
"I'm fine Amelia, it was just a bad dream, and yes you can come in," I say while catching my breath.
"Oh dear you look like you've seen a ghost.  Are you sure you're okay?"
"Yes, I'm fine. It just felt so real."
"Do you want to tell me about it?" Amelia sat at the edge of my bed waiting to lend an ear.  I thought about it for a moment.  Although Grams and my father think highly of her I still wasn't sure how close I should get.
"It's okay, I have to get ready for my meeting at school."  Deciding its best to learn more, besides her supernatural resume before divulging too much, I rise from bed.  Amelia remains seated deciding how much space she should give me.  The level of concern radiating from her is appreciated, so I send waves of happiness to her.  Thinking this will ease her tension, I grab my towel and walk to the bathroom.  Truth was I didn't need my power to sense how much she genuinely cares, I can see it in her eyes.  I know she means well, but it will do our relationship well if she waits for me to come to her.  I wait by the bathroom entrance to ensure she has left.
Amelia pauses by the door and turns, "Who is Lance?"
"Who?" I ask with confusion.
"You kept yelling for Lance.  That's what made me run up here."  Looking down to the ground the wheels in my mind start turning.  Who was Lance?
"Truth is I don't know," I said.
"Intriguing," Amelia replies with a smirk.  "Hmm, alright dear, well breakfast is ready, please hurry or you'll be late for your meeting."  
"I will thank you Amelia."  I head into my on suite, turn the hot water on, and am mesmerized by the rain-like flow of the water.  Entranced I think back to yesterday and my encounter at the airport.  Realization hits me as my mental light bulb turns on.  The star of my dream was the same man watching me from the airport window.  How could that be? I think to myself.  Removing my clothes, I step into the shower and enjoy the heat of the water.  My thoughts linger on my mystery man.
Ready to face a plethora of new challenges including reacquainting myself with my home town, life as a college student, and a new level of supernatural bad guys, I put the finishing touches on my makeup.  The delicious aromas coming from downstairs are intoxicating.  I walk out of my room toward the stairs when the feeling that I am being watched comes over me.  My initial thought is to ignore it and head toward the food, but my curiosity votes for exploring around.  Walking the opposite way I take a moment to gaze again at the photos hanging on the wall.
Chapter 4
She is finally here in town, I almost cannot believe the wait is over.  Our visual exchange at the airport felt so surreal.  To know the proximity between her and I is so close, sets my non-existent heartbeat racing.  I know I have to remain patient, ugh but it is agonizing.  I could not tell from her stare if she remembered me, which means I will be taking the friend route until the time is right.  I found parking close to the front entrance to ensure I will not miss her when she arrives.  Listening to morning talk amuses me and helps to make the time move quicker.  The ridiculousness of the topic makes for an interesting discussion, which I am quite engaged in when this overwhelming feeling comes over me.  She has arrived and it is time we officially meet.
My dream last night has me rattled, not so much because of the all-powerful supernatural being but because of him.  The guy in my dream whose name might be Lance, is the same guy that at the airport terminal.  I need to figure out who he is and why I feel such a connection to him.  Parking is difficult but after ten minutes I find a spot in the back.  I step out the car grabbing my bag.  Suddenly I am overcome with a flood of emotions that heightens my power.  I quickly decide whether to jump back in or face the situation head on.  Realizing someone was whistling at me I turn to face the Demon from last night's dream.  The smart thing would be to lock myself in the car, but then I think what good would it really do if he is as powerful as he was in my dream.
"Hello beautiful, are you new here?" Tall, dark, and handsome asks as he assesses my assets.  Is he seriously addressing me?  Maybe he is harmless.
"You might want to try actually looking at a woman when you are speaking to her." I say as I turn to walk away.  Not knowing what I was dealing with is making me nervous, but I turn away confidently, certain he wouldn't hurt me.
"Wait, I'm, sorry," he sounds sincere so I turn back around.  "It is hard not to enjoy the view, but I meant no disrespect.  My name is Sebastian, but my friends call me Bash."  He said with a smile that drew me in increasing the desire to be closer to him.  What I have yet to determine is whether the close proximity will lead me to a kiss or a magical attack.  Either way my defenses are ready.  The silence and intensity we both are feeling as we gaze in each other's eyes weighs heavily on my heart and other areas.
"Hi," I reply in a curt manner and begin walking.  
"Can I at least know your name? I plan to bump into you again, at which time I will introduce myself properly."  I smile at his confidence formality.  I too can play this game.
"I look forward to it, and maybe if you get it right you'll get my name." I shoot him a smirk and continue on.  Am I seriously flirting with the demon?  What's wrong with me?
As I approach the stairs leading to the administration building I look to the right and there is my dream guy.  It is Lance, or at least Lance in my dreams.  He steps toward me with poise, and determination.  Our eyes lock and a shiver runs up and down my spine.  The intensity surging between us increases as he approaches me.  I cannot shake the feeling I'd known him for a lifetime, which of course is a crazy notion.  I want him but more than that I want him to be mine forever.  I walk toward him unsure of what I am going to do.  Stopping just mere inches away from his body, he asks, "Hello.  Do I know you from somewhere?"  I take a moment to gather my thoughts.
"I don't know, hang around any airports lately?"  I respond breathlessly.  Before he could respond and before any sense could enter my mind, I continue.  "There's a familiarity about you, but I'm not sure what it is."  I look at him with intrigue and suspicion.  "I had a dream with you in it."  Ugh, idiot, now you sound like a stage 5 clinger.  "I mean I am getting glimpses of memories, but I can't piece the images together."  The cloud of embarrassment lingering over me only slightly diminishes after he takes a step closer.  His scent is alluring, making me want to grab the collar of his forest green button down shirt and pull his lips on to mine.  Goodness his shirt did well bringing out the color of  his eyes.  I need to find out more as I know it is the key to digging deeper into my memories.  Despite the intense feelings I am feeling there is also something about his aura.  I need, no, I want to take a closer look.  "Is your name Lance by any chance?"  The burst of hope is in his eyes could not be denied.
"Yes, my name is Lance, are you from Lodi or one of the neighboring towns?  That is maybe how we know each other."
"Originally yes, but I moved to Delaware when I was six and have just recently returned."  His intrigue and desire were evident in his eyes.  "Have you lived in town long?," I ask hoping to keep the conversation going.
"Yes, my entire life," he said eager to shoot out more questions.  Just as expected he continues on with his interrogation.  "Are you living here permanently?"
"Well I'm here for school," I respond while pointing at the school entrance.
Smirking at my smart ass response, he changes the subject, "what was happening in the dream I had a starring role in?"
"Um, I never said you had a starring role," I stammer feeling caught me off guard.  We both start laughing.
"Good point," Lance says with a chuckle.
"Listen, I have an appointment with my academic counselor, and really shouldn't be late."  The look in his eyes made it unbearable to walk away, but the idea of being so close yet so far was too overwhelming.
"May I get your name?" Lance asks with a sudden absence of confidence.
"It's Maddie."
"Maddie, short for Madeline?"
"Yes, but very few people call me by my full name," I say leaning toward the fact that I prefer my nickname.
"Well I will then.  It will make me feel special."  I am not sure why, but I actually cared whether or not he felt special.  He feels special to me, but in what way I am still wondering.
"It was nice officially meeting you Lance.  I'll see you around."
"Yes you will Madeline."  Lance grabs my hand placing a light kiss on my knuckles.  He caresses them with his thumb before releasing my hand.  The gesture seems so familiar and I dare to say I miss it.  Fighting the urge to launch myself at him, I turn and enter the building.
Chapter 5
After an informative meeting with my counselor I leave school and head back to my father's home to process all that we shared.  Driving through the winding roads leading down the hill where the school is located, I thought about Bash and Lance.  Before I know it I am home.  I park the car and take a deep breath clearing my mind.  I walk up the red brick stairs onto the porch.  Before placing the key into the lock, a smiling Amelia opens the door.  "How was your meeting at school, have you chosen a major, perhaps something working with people?  With all your talents you would do great with a position helping others," she adds eagerly.
"It was great, I have decided to major in psychology, and the counselor helped me narrow down a list of classes that will have me on the right track," I respond before taking a step in.
"Oh, I'm sorry, look at me not even letting you step a foot in the house before bombarding you with questions.  Forgive my excitement."  Amelia smiles with approval and leads me to the kitchen where a snack is waiting.  The way she handles me reminds me so much of Grams.  She is attentive and loves to make sure you are taken care of in every way.  After my snack I walk upstairs, locking the door and enter my closet to begin my research.  I need to know more about Bash and Lance to fully understand what I might encounter dealing with a Demon and Vampire.  Rummaging through the library supply given to me by my grandmother, I find a supernatural encyclopedia containing information on both beings.  The array of different Demons is astounding and research becomes difficult.  What I am finding most peculiar is there is little to no information on which type of Demon is Bash.  I begin chanting a protection spell.  It is all too common for intruders to come through while working on research.  Your mind is elsewhere and detection skills become minimized.  Say the wrong words and you could end up with a party of hasty heathens on your hands.
Great Goddess of the Elements
protect me and all that I see
from those who value debacle and lack benevolence
A soft blue glow emanates around my altar assuring me the incantation has taken affect.  The Goddess spell although short lived is quite powerful.  No one can penetrate my circle unless I invite them in or step out of the circle myself.  Grams also taught me that the spell serves as a visual and audio barrier.  Should someone enter my room looking for me, all they would see is an empty bedroom.  I am protected from exposure by avoiding discovery.  A warm feeling of security engulfs me as I recall the lesson Grams taught me the day I first put this spell into play.  I miss her terribly and vow to call her once I am done with research.
I light candles around the altar, placing the book on Demons in the center of my circle, and pup my hands over the closed books.  I close my eyes and envision the lethal beast in all his gorgeousness to further guide my paranormal abilities.  Magic courses through my veins and powerful winds whip through my hair.  A sense of calm consumes me and as the winds die down.  I open my eyes to a picture of him in both his human and Demon form.  Sebastian Cortes Prince of the Underworld, a powerful Demon who has each of the most common abilities of every level Demon.  Additionally, he can control the mind and hinder the use of an opponent's power.  I read on to learn more about his family and the abilities each possess.  One common trend throughout his family tree was that each Demon married a witch, each more powerful than the last.  That would explain the increase in power and skill throughout generations.  I thought about this for a moment and my mouth dropped as the proverbial light bulb turned on and I realize what Bash may want from me.  In my dream he told me I would need to dig deeper, especially if I were to be Queen.  I am starting to think he means his Queen.  There is no way I would become Queen of the underworld, leave this world, or marry Bash.
Preparing to shut the book I notice a blurb referencing another page containing a family tree.  Combing through the pages I find Bash's family tree.  I gasp at the sight of his third uncle.  It was my father and alongside him was my mother.  I couldn't believe he was my cousin, twice removed!  My thoughts immediately went to Grams, I wonder how much she knew about my father's family.
Glancing at the time on the cable box, I close the book, put my supplies away, and head downstairs for dinner.  Approaching the dining room I notice there are place settings for three.  Tonight just may be the night I lay all the cards on the table.  I never realized how bitter I was about all the time spent apart from my father, but now that the fates have forced us together a little more effort on his part is necessary.  Not sure whether or not to sit down, I walk toward the kitchen to find Amelia.  I pause at the door at the sound of Amelia and my father's voices.
"Oh, you have to give it to them straight.  If they want your protection they must listen and take your advice.  They cannot expect you to watch over everyone and not play their part by refusing to take necessary precautions," Amelia said sternly.
"You're right, Ems but I cannot force them to concede to my way either.
Ems, eh?
"This is why I really think you should talk to Maddie about her position.  They may not entirely listen to you but they most definitely won't defy her.  She is after all their Queen by birthright," Amelia urged on.
"No, she's not ready.  I have to give her chance to get settled in and get situated with school before adding even more responsibilities.  I'll handle the groups as I've done all these years.  I must work something out, especially now that Madeline is here.  She will need my guidance and guard as every supernatural force within a 1,000 mile radius will be drawn to her."  My father's concern for my well-being was a happy surprise.  Grams had warned me the area was consumed with those from different paranormal backgrounds, but what my father was describing made it seem like I would be a busy beaver.  I was certain that was the end of the discussion, so I took a step back from the door and pushed it open with force make sure to make some noise.
"Good evening," I said loud and eagerly trying my best to cover up the fact that I was eavesdropping.  Amelia gave me a smirk as she put the finishing touches on a salad.
"Madeline, good evening.  I am sorry I've been so busy.  I had pressing matters to attend to."  My father's tone was more dismissing than apologetic, but I guess that it is as good as it gets with the great Xavier Calderon.
"I am sure your business is more pressing," I reply with a hint of annoyance.  "I am hoping to continue last night's conversation."
"Why don't the two of you head into the dining room," Amelia said sweetly.  "I will bring in dinner and the three of us can catch up."  Amelia ushers the two of us out the kitchen and my father and I go into the dining room.  After taking his seat at the head of the table I take the one to his left.  I had not noticed initially but the place settings were a fusion of Asian and Goth styles.  The napkins are a deep blue and are neatly tied together with serpent ring holders.  My father's eyes were on everything but me.  Clearly he did not want to tell me anymore.  I decide to open the lines of communication.
"So as a high ranking Demon in this town, which types of entities do you have the most experience with?"  My father clearly found my nonchalant approach to the topic amusing as one eyebrow went up along with the appearance of a smirk.  Taking this moment of silence, I scrutinize my father's appearance in the hopes of not finding any resemblances.  The truth of the matter is he is a handsome man with brown curly hair, which he keeps short and well groomed.  The physical similarities between us could not be denied.  We both share the same blue/gray eyes, high cheek bones, complimented by dimples with a more prominent one on the left when we smile.  
"I figured I couldn't dodge your questions for too long.  I see your grandmother taught you how to sense the type of supes (as you call them) around you.  Have you figured out what Amelia is?"
Quickly answering in the hopes of appearing knowledgeable I said, "she's a shifter, obviously."  My father smiled at how sure I sounded, and before he could say anything, I quickly added, "And a seer."
"Her job here is not only to maintain the house, but also to advise me with various supernatural law enforcement situations.  She has also fought alongside me when I needed."
"And when you deem me ready, she will advise and work alongside me?"  I ask mostly for shock value.  The look of shock on my father's face made me smile even more.  I knew the comment is basically an admission to listening in on his conversation with Amelia, but its time he stopped treating me like a child.
I know Amelia's position in this family was more than what they originally told me, just as I am sure they are involved romantically.  It was not until now that I realized she would be around to advise me and future generations.  If there are future generations.  I wonder if she would be opposed to moving to the realm below.  I wince as I gave myself a mental slap, here I am already contemplating life as Queen of the underworld.  
Focusing back on yesterday's topics I say, "Tell me more about our family."  My father looks almost hesitant to share.  I think he is still trying to getting a grip on the fact that I know more than he thought.  This of course made me even more eager to learn.  My main goal is to get to the topic of Bash while finding out about my powers and their potential.  My father clears his throat and takes a sip of brandy.
"The Calderons come from a long line of Demons.  Our lineage is said to begin with the signing of a contract between a great leader and Satan himself."  The hint of pride in his voice could not be denied.  It is apparent that this event in the family's history holds great significance.  "The leader aided a flourishing nation by organizing the rebellion against Spain, slavery, and establishing a level of independence."
"Making deals with evil despite the best of intentions, has consequences.  What happened to this great man after signing the contract?" I ask.
My father's eyes become dark, and he givse me an eerie look as he prepares to respond, "Perhaps that is a story best left for another day.  Besides it has nothing to do with you."  Eager to change the subject, he says, "There is a number of low-level Demons living in the area.  But I have had the most trouble with the high-level ones that live just outside of town.  Can you tell the difference between witches, Vampires, and humans?  It is more of a challenge with these beings because their auras are similar."  His parenting tone would probably seem endearing to most, but all he makes me want to do is stick my fingers in my ear and sing "la la la la."  "Maddie!" My father says slamming his hand on the table.  
"Yes I hear you, and yes it's a skill Grams placed a great deal of importance on."  For instance I know that although you were born with Demon blood, you are also a vampire.  When and who turned you?"
"Very good, you must keep practicing especially living here."  My father said with more of a commanding than loving voice.  "I was not turned, your grandmother was half vampire."
"Why are you so sure the supernatural beings in the area will be so drawn to me?"  It was now time to get to the point.  I needed to know what I was up against and why I am in this situation in the first place.
His look of defeat made me feel guilty but I know these were necessary measures.  "I know that you are the most powerful witch of the century because of your mixed bloodline, but if that even has a bearing on the situation I do not know."  I will do everything in my power to protect you, but you must listen and take my advice."  If anyone new approaches you and gives any inkling that they are supernatural, you must let me know."  I will do a thorough background check and work to figure out their main goal."  I hold an internal debate on whether or not I should tell him about Lance and Bash.  Ultimately I had done quite well investigating both and hopefully an opportunity to hang out with each more will help solve the mystery.  I decide it is best to wait it out.
"It was only my first day and I haven't actually started classes yet, but I'll keep you posted."
Certain she was listening and waiting for the right time to enter, Amelia comes in the dining room with a tray of salmon surrounded by steamed asparagus.  She places the tray down and heads back to the kitchen, returning with a bowl of garlic mashed potatoes and corn.  If this were not enough she once again made the trip returning with a tossed salad.  "Dinner looks delicious, thank you," I say graciously.  
"I hope you enjoy my dear."  Amelia smiles, "So tell us, what was your childhood like?"
"Well, Grams tried to make it as normal as possible, but with my powers maturing at such a young age it was difficult to be a kid.  Control was the first lesson she taught me.  Grams would hide my favorite doll and watch as my emotions would get the best of me.  I would destroy rooms throughout the house looking for it.  And when other children would tease me I would make them float to the tops of trees and keep them up there until they cried.  One day I noticed her watching me and realized they were tests.  She told me the importance of secrecy in avoiding persecution and ridicule.  I always wondered how I never got in trouble. As I got older I realized Grams must have been intervening.  Although she was tough on me, she was equally caring.  I continued to practice until I learned to use my powers to solve problems instead of causing more.  The next time she hid my doll I focused my energy on locating her.  I imagined the outfit she wore, the color of her hair, and what it felt like to carry her.  And in my mind I could visualize the room she was in and where I would find her.  It was almost like I was in the room with her," I said lost in my memory.  I look up and notice Amelia and my father were looking at each other with shock written all over their face.
Amelia turns toward me and asks, "Maddie, how old were you?"  I put my head down trying to pinpoint time.  "I was almost eight, I said meekly."  
Amelia took a breath, looking at my father, "Xavier, it is time, she is much more powerful than we were expecting.  She needs to know the truth and the decisions that lie ahead.  Repeating the past has just resulted in the same outcome, it is time to change the course of events.  I think she is strong enough to save herself to stop the wheel from turning in the wrong direction."
"What do you mean the course of events, what wheel?"  I am so confused and my head began to spin.  "Father what do you know of my power, and the decision I will need to make."
My father cleans his hands and mouth and rises from his seat.  "Follow me, there is much you need to know and although most you must learn on your own, I will share what I can."  We leave the dining room and head into the library.  I feel bad about leaving all the dishes with Amelia but I need to know more about what I am facing.
My father slides back double wood doors and exposes a massive three story library equipped with a spiraling staircase.  We begin the trek up the stairs and as we pass the third railing I begin to wonder where we are going.  When we get to the end I stood behind my father wondering what next?  "The door to dream, to the unforeseen, transport with a gleam."  Expecting him to repeat his enchantment two more times I am shocked to see a purple, glowing door appear at the very edge of the staircase.  "Take my hand," my father says.  I grab his hand and am dragged into a wind tunnel.  The spinning felt like it would never end, and just as I begin to feel nauseous it stops and we were in a cave.
Sharp, crystals of ice line the walls and in the center of the cave is a pulpit.  "Watch your step, Madeline," my father warns.
"Will do," I said as I carefully stepped from one small glacier to the next.  Once reaching the pulpit, I see a large book resting on top.  The cover is nothing I have ever seen before.  The binding looks textured and made of a smooth cloth.  As I take a closer look I notice the center has what appears to be an eyelid.  I gave my father a perplexed look and stare longer at the book waiting patiently to find out what was inside.  "This book holds the history of your family and prophecies about your future.  You are the key to waking it up," he says ushering me along.
"And how exactly am I do that?" I ask.  Once it becomes apparent waiting for an answer is fruitless, I take another step closer to the book.  The connection I feel is uncanny.  There is a sense of ownership and belonging tied to the literature.  I raise my hand and waive it over the cover.  The eyelid begins to blink until the eye is completely exposed.
"Well if it isn't the fair Princess." The book says with a slithering tone.  "The answers that you seek won't be found within the bind, but instead it's the light that will lead the way."
"Great something else that talks in a riddle.  That is going to be so helpful.  The truth is book, all I need to know is what "greatness" lies within me." I say while emphasizing greatness with air quotations.
"Greatness just like beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  You will be great, Princess, if you choose to be so."
"That was really helpful.  And why do you keep referring to me as Princess.  Unless there is some secret birth rite my parents have conveniently forgot to share over the past 18 years of my life." I said questioningly while glancing back at my father.  I already know from my dreams and from conversations in passing about my birthright.
"Cortes, although she knows quite a bit, would you care to shed some more light on the subject for your daughter?"  So it seems this book could read me quite well.  I start wondering if the book contains information about Bash and Lance.  
"Which to choose, which to choose, the devilish prince, or gallant vampire."
Unable to contain the shock, I ask, "who are you talking about?"
"I thought you hadn't met anyone yet?" My father asks in his best authoritative voice.
Fighting the uncontrollable response to blush, I quickly decide to turn the tables.  "I guess keeping secrets runs in the family.  Is there something you need to tell me about my mother's disappearance, what you know about my fate, or the leadership position I am supposed to take on?"  The stare down begins and quickly fizzle as we both know it will get us nowhere.  Hoping to get some answers, I share with my father my experience with Lance as well as with Bash.  As I finish describing my dreams and the not so coincidental meeting at school my father looks over at the book with a degree of exasperation.
"It's getting late, we should start heading back to the house," said my father.  Avoidance is clearly a big thing in this family.  I look at the book with a reluctance to leave it behind.
"I am yours Princess, however, you must place me back in this realm when it is time for me to move on to the next generation."  "Next generation?  Whoa, slow down there!" I think to myself.  I climb on a rock and grab onto the book.  My father and I head toward the mouth of the cave and through the door.
Once again at the top of the three story staircase, I ask, "Does Amelia know about this?"
"She has been a loyal companion for a number of years, naturally I would confide in her."  I have the impression my father did not want to elaborate further but the curiosity is burning inside me.  Is there more between the two of them?  Not that it matters my mother has been gone for years, but I wish he would confide in me.  Once we arrive at the bottom of the stairs he begins probing me for more information on Lance and Bash, but unfortunately I barely know myself.  After telling him as much, book and I head to my room, where I begin to read about my family lineage and the powers that each generation possess.
Chapter 6
I sit on my bed staring at the book unsure of its usefulness.  The eye begins to blink, "what are you waiting for Princess?  I thought you were eager to learn?" the book says in a challenging tone.  Taking a deep breath I open the book to page one.  Staring back at me is a family tree containing pictures and birth information about my ancestors.  I am shocked to see that I have been added to the tree.  Moving up along the tree there are pictures of my parents, which branch out to the sides to my mother's siblings, and up toward her parents.  It appears I am royalty from my mother's side.  I assumed this birth rite derived from my father's lineage since my grandmother was so open about everything, but failed to share that tidbit.  Why hadn't she told me about this?  I would think this information was just as important as my abilities.  Her Royal Highness Gwendolyn Adams looks breathtaking and poised in her photo.  I wonder who or what is in charge of the picture updates.  My grandmother's picture depicts exactly what she looks like now.  It's amazing!  And my ancestors pictures appear to be from whatever year they passed on.  Seeing all these pictures makes me miss my grandmother.  Before continuing on I pick up the phone and dial my grandmother.
On the second ring her sweet and calming voice melodically said, "Hello sweet pea, how are you?"
With a smile that I hope carries into my voice I reply, "Hello Your Majesty."  I chuckle and my grandmother follows suit.
"So I see you and your father are becoming acquainted.  Interesting that he would choose to begin with discussing our family before his own."  Her tone suggested she was annoyed but instead of commenting any further, she asked, "I suspect you have some questions for me."
Mentally debating back and forth as to whether or not I should dare ask this question, I went out on a limb and just let it out.  "Does our family's position have anything to do with my mother's disappearance?"  The silence was deafening, and I begin to feel as if I just sucker punched her in the stomach.  I suspect for years that she was hiding details from me, and I wait patiently on the line hoping she wouldn't brush me off this time.
"No, it was not her position, but her abilities.  The women of our family are the most powerful witches in the world, but we are not without weakness.  The main being we are, at the end of the day, mortals.  Any blast of power can take us out, luckily we have yet to meet anyone quick or strong enough to penetrate our shield.  Many found her powers most appealing because it was evenly matched with my own.  Because the crown skips a generation so does the level of power each princess receives.  And you my dear are even more enticing because you not only have powers passed on from our family but also the gifts possessed by your father's side.  One of the reasons we made the decision to have you live with him was to learn more about the powers he has passed on.  Has he told you about any of this yet?"
Taken back by the news that I have powers from my father, I decided not to relay my adventure through the secret door of my father's library, and about the book.  But I decide to share what I know about Lance and Bash in the hopes she will shed some light on who these guys are and what they want from me.  Although it's becoming increasingly obvious my crown is a big factor.
"Lance's family, like ours, moved to Massachusetts after arriving from the island.  It is quite possible he seems familiar because you are destined to be with him.  You also seem to have an unspoken connection with Bash, however, that is for you to figure out.  I can tell you, that if you want more information about tall, dark, and dangerous you should ask your father.  Their families are quite close."
"Tall dark and dangerous, uh!"  I chuckle at Gram's description of Bash.  "Have you met him?"
"No not officially, but he's parents are good people who are currently overseeing the affairs of the underworld.  Together with your father they are maintaining order between the two worlds."
Bash's connection to my dad wasn't a shock to me since seeing my dad's family tree.  "Go to your father and get as much information as you can, but in the end you are going to have to choose with your heart.  I love and believe in you, and am certain you will make the right decision."  We talk a bit longer about school, and how her few days in her new position have been going.  After saying our goodbyes I decide there is no way I could sleep without at least one attempt to probe my father for information about the town and even a little about Bash.
I head downstairs once again looking at the animated shots of my ancestors that line the wall.  Feeling anxious as I search for my father, my nerves work to cripple me just as I find him reading in a corner of the library.  He looks up in surprise and gestures for me to sit in the chair across from him.  I walk over folding my legs under me as I sit in the large, royal blue, suede chair.  As my father places a mark in the book he is reading and places it on the table next to him, I take the chance to glance at the title.  "You're reading War And Peace?on purpose?!?"  His chuckle is warm and calming.  I smile as he catches his breath and looks at me.
"You're smile is as infectious as your mother's.  You look so much like her."  Despite the pain visible on his face he went on to explain his intrigue with the moral of the story.  "In our world destiny and fate play major roles in the decision making process.  However it is important to remember that with every step we take the plan meant for us changes.  General Kutuzov is a great leader not only because of his strategic planning, but also because of his ability to handle the unexpected.  It is a lesson each leader should learn, embrace, and implement," my father said looking at me knowingly.  I begin to wonder if the fates brought me to Lodi because my reign is destined to start now.
"What can you tell me about the town's history?  The town has an eclectic population of supes."  My father look at me hesitantly, takes a deep breath and looks up into my eyes.
"The town name derives from a city in northern Italy.  It was chosen by a group of elders working to divide Saddleriver and Lodi township.  During its incorporation in the late 1800s many travelers from the north, south, and east were drawn to this location.  Majority of the settlers were not supes, in fact the town, once upon a time, had a good balance of the two.  Most just wanted to live a quiet life void of judgment and persecution.  For decades the supernatural lived without issues, however, the more that arrived the more trouble was seen.  People started randomly disappearing and various other strange and unexplained situations occurred.  The reason was not apparent to many of the inhabitants, until some became careless with their hunts.  When things became gravely out of control I joined the local police force.  I figured it was my best shot at getting close to crime scenes, so I could get a better idea of what the town was facing.  My first year on the job we ran across a number of bodies left in various places with the same puncture marks on the neck, wrist, and inner thigh.  I thought it was the act of Vampires new to the area or new to immortality.  Reviewing the evidence I made connections between the places the victims were found and began staking out similar locations that had yet to be plagued by death."
My father takes a sip of his drink and looks at my face for a sign of discomfort or exhaustion.  Although I have class the next day, nothing would get in my way of finding out more about my father's past and experiences in this town.  Any and everything he tells me will only serve as an advantage when I am faced with dealing with the metaphysical residents.  
"I began looking at old articles in search of a connection between mortal and supe attacks.  There was one seriously dangerous Vampire name Dominic who was as ruthless as they come.  He was also extremely powerful, which as you can imagine is a bad combination.  After countless nights of checking the usual areas, I was getting ready to give up.  The killings had stopped, which gave me the impression the killer was just passing through town.  The night I decided was going to be my last all-nighter, turned to be the night that would change my life.
There's an industrial area close to the airport you arrived in, which would be a prime spot for someone to take a victim.  It is just off the highway but cannot be seen from the highway.  The exit leading to the area is a winding road, and just as I arrived at the bottom of the turn something told me to turn my lights off.  Off to the right was an abandoned, white Range Rover.  I parked a few feet away from it, grabbed a flashlight, and crept my way toward it.  I peered into the car from the driver's side and noticed a women's purse in the passenger seat.  Suddenly, I heard a loud blast and saw a burst of light in the distance.  I immediately ran toward the light."  The distress my father expressed with that last statement made me think of the movie The Poltergiest and the woman's plea to the little girl to "Don't go into the light."  Returning my focus to the story I noticed my father's face becoming sad and dark.
"The noise of the blast grew louder as I ran closer.  I used the light from the explosions as my guide.  When I was close enough to make out the fighters, I found a Vampire battling it out against a seemingly powerful witch.  As the Vampire rose to strike I caught a good look and confirmed he was the one I had feared was involved in the killings.  Dominic looked at the witch like a dog preparing to pounce on its toy.  Watching a crimson ball fly over toward the witch and dissipate into bright blue crystals was unlike any light spectacle I had ever seen.  The woman was equally as breathtaking.  Long brown hair that complimented her piercing green eyes, she was beautiful as she was strong."  My father appears to be in a daze as he continues to describe the woman who obviously stole his heart.  I wonder if he met her before or after he met my mother.  "She wore a silver medallion with a dragon intertwined with a bow."  I gasp, and he looks at me knowingly.  The powerful witch he was describing was my mother.  The dragon and bow is our family's crest.  I remember Grams giving me a diary with the emblem embossed on the cover.
"You met my mother while she was fighting one of the most powerful Vampires you have ever known?"  I knew very little about my mother's past as Grams spent most of my years teaching me about my own abilities.  I knew most of my gifts came from her, and that my father's power worked to further strengthen them, but I had no clue about the power she possessed.  "How did the fight end?" I ask eagerly.
"I was hiding behind a rock, and had decided to get a closer look but made a noise that distracted your mother.  Dominic immediately thought to use this to his advantage and released a dark red energy ball.  I ran out and dove to push your mother out of the way.  Just as quickly as the sphere flew past, he was sending another one our way.  We jumped up and each released our own globe of power.  As the orbs traveled toward Dominic something neither of us had ever witnessed before happened."  My father took a moment to pause, although I am not sure if it is for affect or to gather his thoughts.  "They joined together and grew in size.  The look of horror on Dominic's face was unforgettable.  He tried deflecting it, but his power was no match for our combined efforts.  The collision forced him high into the air, and the ball did not dissolve until he landed back on the ground and burned into ash.  Your mother and I stared at his remains in disbelief.  After what seemed like an eternity we turned and looked at each other."
She jumped into a defensive position and formed another energy ball.  I put my hands up to show I surrendered.  "Whoa, calm down.  I am not going try anything.  My target was Dominic.  I kept my hands up to show her I meant no harm."
"Right I'm sure.  Pretty convenient you are in the same deserted area as the vampire.  Dominic was so under-handed I could see him teaming up with a Vamp/Demon."  Your mother said with such distaste."
"Listen, I am a cop and my lineage is a result of a one night stand.   Neither side of my families are okay with it.  I wouldn't expect a witch to understand.  Your people put your nose up at everyone."  "I just said that to get a rise out of her.  She really was that much more beautiful when she was angry," my dad said with a chuckle.
"That is not true of all of us, and most certainly not of me," she said defensively.  "Are you seriously a cop?  Like for the mortals?" she asked with a smirk."
I could tell at this point she was letting her guard down.  The sparkle of her personality came through shining brightly.  She was exquisite, fiery, and would make even the most jaded believe in love at first sight.  The pain in his eyes was heartbreaking.  He missed my mother just as much as I did.  It was evident the light she brought to his life was the same that was missing from mine.
"Talk about an explosive introduction," she said with a killer smile.  She introduced herself as Marta Alvarez.  As I gave her my name I extended my hand and she snickered as I gently placed a kiss on her hand.  The moment my lips touched her soft skin we both jumped as a slight jolt of electric shock coursed through our bodies.  "We seem to be quite a powerful pair, and I'm wondering what other magic we could create together."  
"I have to admit I started to blush as she continued to flirt."  As my father looks like a love sick teenager, as he continues to describe his first meeting with my mother.  It is reassuring to know how much he loves her.  I always wondered how deep his affection ran considering he allowed my grandmother to take me shortly after her disappearance.
"You didn't find it strange that a witch as powerful as my mother would vanish the way she did?"  The question was clearly a punch in the gut to my father.  I could tell even at a young age he blamed himself for whatever happened to her.  I refuse to feel guilty for asking the question because I am certain he knows more than he is sharing.
"Even the greatest of heroes have weaknesses, and unfortunately whoever is responsible for the loss of your mother knew what to do."  My father rose from his chair with a stretch.
Realizing I too am placing some unwarranted blame on my father I stop myself from pushing the issue.  "Sometime soon could we talk about Sebastian and what you know about his family?"
My father stopped just before exiting the library, "Of course, and you can tell me how you really feel about him."
"What does how I feel matter?" I ask while standing up from my chair.
"I just want to make sure your judgment is not clouded by a school boy crush.  You need to approach him with a head first, heart second mind-frame.  He has good in him but if you are not willing to weed out the bad he may not only break your heart, but he may also break your soul."  And with that spine tingling thought my father left the library.  Leaning against the door I look at the expansive room filled to the top with thousands and thousands of books.  This is definitely my favorite part of the house.  My imagination running as I picture the story my father just shared, I turn off all the lights and walk up to my room.
Chapter 7
The next morning I am bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as I apply some makeup and decide what to wear to my first official day of classes.  The beginning of the psychology program would consist of learning the various theories behind the science.  My first class appropriately titled, Theories of Psychology, is more interesting than I thought.  We begin by discussing ideas presented by Socrates, Plato, and his student Aristotle.  Socrates's point of view was basically that anything and everything associated with the human mind can be contradicted.  Plato's contributions discuss human perception and the difference between the physical plane and cognitive one.  There are observations that are illusions or specific to the individual; however, some are constant and cannot be changed.  Plato's protégé Aristotle altered his ideas by suggesting there are perceptions that are universal and those that are simply unique to an individual.  Listening to the professor elaborate on these theories makes my mind drift off into thought about my situation, and how I am both of a non-supernatural and extremely supernatural plane.  I am lucky to have had the training provided by my grandmother so that I can balance each of my obligations.  The more I learn and the more questions that come up I begin to fear whether or not I can handle what lies ahead.  "Excuse me Ms. Calderon, would you like to share your thoughts with the class?"  I surface from the depth of my thoughts and notice the entire class is looking at me.
"I was just considering all the contradictions Socrates would make in regard to my thoughts and behaviors and how I might respond," I said as a seemingly failed attempt to recover from the fact that I wasn't paying attention.  The professor stood near assessing me.  Fear of being asked for an example I continue my explanation.  "His views remind me of Tolstoy's question in regard to defining art.  The definition or labeling of something or someone is relative and therefore can be argued by one and accepted by another."
The professor gave me a suspicious look, which turned to a smile.  "You see class this is the kind of thoughts I need from each and every one of you.  You must place yourselves inside each of these theories to truly understand their benefits and downfalls.  Clients will have the same effect on you.  There will be some whose behavior you must contradict to provide them with another position to consider, whereas some will need you to be on board with their plight.  With these particular clients you will have to assure them you are on their team in order for them to open up.  Good work Ms. Calderon."  I turn and head toward the front of the room as I catch a glimpse of an energy ball forming from the corner of my eye.
I turn and notice a group just outside the window using magic to form a psi ball that could wipe out the classroom in its entirety.  One broke away from the formation to use telekinesis to open the window wider.  I knew I had no time to waste, but that I could not risk exposure.  Looking intently toward the front of the room I begin creating an energy ball of my own.  Mine is a lighter shade of the bright blue then the one the supes are conjuring outside.  Mine, hopefully, will deflect the psi ball coming our way.  Just as the dark ball comes flying through the window, my shield grows larger.  I maintain my focus on the front of the room appearing to be into the lesson like my fellow classmates.  The ball crashes into the shield and brakes into thousands of tiny pieces.  From the corner of my eye I can see the group outside the window peering in trying to figure out what had just happened.  One yells out, "This is all your fault!  You must have been saying the words wrong.  I am not taking the fall for this."
"He's not going to be happy about this."
"Yea, well what the hell does he expect, it's not like we have experience with this," says the taller guy of the group.
"Someone very powerful is in there," says one of the guys as he peers into the window.  Trying to ensure they do not realize it was me deflecting their attempt to blow up the class, I keep my eyes on the professor.
The small group turn to face each other and begin arguing even louder, but failing to remember the window was still open.
The professor reluctantly stops her lecture and walks toward the window, clears her throat and asks, "Would you all mind taking your argument to another part of the campus, I'm teaching a lesson in here?"  Translation, Get the Hell Out of Here!  They break off their assembly and I can see some walk in different directions.  I immediately engage my bionic hearing abilities to get as much details from the two that were still squabbling.
"What are you going to say to him?"
"I don't know, he's going to be very disappointed.  I'm going to have to come up with a good explanation."
"Well maybe we can say?" BAM!!!  And that's all I could make out before the professor slammed the window shut.  For the rest of the class I took my mind off of Socrates and Aristotle and began wondering who is he?
I waited in the back of the room for the precise moment to jump into action and save the day.  I should have known better than to enlist menial, low-level practioners for help.  Who knew they couldn't handle something as simple as sending an energy ball through a window?  On the other hand I am not dealing with just any witch.  The way she picked up on their energy and subtly diffused their plan.  Even the manner my Queen handled the facilitator's failed attempt to embarrass her, was nothing short of amazing.  Together we will rule not only the mortal world but also the supernatural realm.  Our children will be the greatest supernatural beings in centuries.  The thought of the power we will all possess as a family gives me tingles.  Focusing back on the lesson I realize the professor's lecture is coming to a conclusion.  I take one last lingering look at the object of my ambition and affection and remove myself from the room.
The feeling of being watched is a heavy weight on my chest and I slowly glance behind me.  Only a few people sit in the back, one disheveled, nerdy looking guy gives me a beaming smile.  Not wanting to be rude I smile back and immediately turn to face the front.  The instructor is announcing the reading assignments for the rest of the week and wishing us all a good day.  I gather my things and the feeling of being watched strikes me again.  This time it is the nerd, "hello, my uh name is Archibald Xavier Wellington, the third.  You must be Madeline."
"How do you know my name?" I think wearily.  I mentally perform a magical check on him to make sure my I did not misread my senses.  Satisfied with the certainty that he lacked any semblance of power I waited for his response.
"Well uh, I uh, it's just that I like to check the uh class list online and uh well the professor called you uh Ms. Calderon, so I uh matched the last uh name to the uh."
"Relax, I'm not upset that you know my name, I was just wondering," I say interrupting the stuttering before the urge to yell "SPIT IT OUT ALREADY" became too much to avoid.  "Archibald, may I call you Archie?"
He begins giggling uncontrollably, "uh of course."  I stand up and we both walk out of the class together.  "Are you uh from around here?"
"I was born here but moved away at a young age.  I've been living in Delaware with my grandmother and came back for college."  Deciding it is best to tell the truth with leaving certain details out is best.  After all it is harder to get caught in a lie if  you avoid the lying part as much as possible.  "How about you, are you from around here?"
"You know it, Jersey boy through and through.  Fist pump, ha ha," Archie replies with a little more ease raising his fist in the air.  I can tell he is getting more comfortable by the decrease in the number of uhs used in his last sentence.  Not any less of a nerd, but definitely more comfortable.  "Hey, if you uh ever need a study partner, you know uh for studying just let me know."  And so the stammering continues.
"Uh, yea that would be great.  Let's uh exchange numbers." Oh know the uhs are contagious.  We exchange numbers and the feeling of being watched hits me once again, this time like a ton of bricks.  I also feel the presence of a strong supe and my mouth begins to drop as I take in Bash and all his deliciousness.  Dark blue jeans hug his toned thighs and butt just the right way while the blue, fitted sweater vest shows a silhouette of his chiseled chest.  I am certain he can hear my heart beating out of my chest.  After looking him up and down two or three times I realize he is talking to a leggy brunette with piercing green eyes that sparkle all the way down the hall.  I guess you could say she's attractive if you like girls who pair knee-high, high heeled boots with skinny jeans and a waist length sweater that works to show off their hour-glass figures.  OMG, why do I sound jealous?  I barely know the guy.
"Um Maddie, um did you get that?" I snap out of my Bash trance and focus on Archie.
"Oh, Archie I'm sorry, could you repeat that?"  He repeats his number as I add him to my list of contacts.  I recite my number for him and double-checke as requested to make certain it was entered correctly.  I didn't need to look over at Bash or enter his thoughts to know he was staring at us and was not happy with what he was looking at.  "Thanks Archie, let's get together either this weekend or next to prepare for next Monday's exam.
"Uh, okay great!" Archie replies enthusiastically.  "I'm available the whole weekend, so uh just let me uh know when."  Archie waves goodbye repeatedly as he makes his way down the hall just past Bash.  I look over at him as if I just noticed him.  He looks into my eyes and gives me a devilish smile that would have made me fall to my knees if I wasn't leaning against the wall.  I decide to keep my guard up until I find out more about him.  I give my best "don't flatter yourself" look and turn to walk away.  Shortly I hear footsteps running behind at an abnormal rate.
"Can I walk you to your next class?"  Bash asks following up with that irresistible smile.
"I don't know, can you?"  I am determined to make sure he isn't aware of my feelings for him.  I try penetrating his thoughts to gauge his intentions but I am met with a concrete wall.  Damn he knows how to block, which is something many find difficult in day-to-day situations.  Realizing he is giving me a perplexed look I feel the need to explain.  "Using the word "can" suggests you're asking if you are capable, and using the word "may" is asking for permission."  I follow with a flirty smile, and being an obvious professional in the game Bash easily wins me over by combining a dreamy look in his eyes with that award winning smile.
"May I walk you to your next class, my Queen?"  Bash says with a side smirk.
"Yes you may.  So what is your major?"
"Behavioral Science with a minor in philosophy.  I'll be heading down the pre-med track. And you?"
"Pre-med, are you just saying that to impress me?"  I smile and giggle as he gives me that one eyebrow raised look. Oh my goodness he makes me giggle.  Get a grip Maddie!
"Just because I am the prince of the underworld doesn't mean I do not wish to help others.  Are you really that shocked?"  His voice sounding a little hurt.
"Well the truth is, I don't know you, so I'm surprised but not because it's you.  I am studying psychology, and I hadn't thought about adding a minor.  But that's a great idea.  I wonder if it's too late."  The wheels begin to turn as I think about my mortal future and how much I hope my supe life wouldn't interfere. 
"It's never too late.  But once you take your thrown I am not sure how much time you will have for a mortal career."
It's almost as if he can read my thoughts.  But I know he does not have access, and that he has yet to try.  Which is kind of sweet.  Ugh, mental slap.  
"And as for not knowing me, are you interested in changing that?"  I look at Bash with a hesitant look concerned with what I was getting myself into.  The truth is I want to get to know him more, but worry about Lance.  I know I do not owe anything to him but I can't help feeling like I am betraying him.  It is the same reservation someone already in a relationship would experience.
"Yes, I'd like that."  I decide to be brave and take the plunge, especially if I'm hoping to learn anything more about him, I'll have to hang out with him more.  "This is me," I say as we approach the door to my next class.  Thank you for walking me to class."  I say avoiding his eyes.  Bash takes two steps that close off the space between us.  He looks deeply into my eyes and we hold each other's gaze for what seems like an eternity.  He leans in and kisses me gently.  He hands me his phone and I enter my phone number.  Once I am done I unlock mine and pass it to him.  He grabs my phone and without taking his eyes off of me, plugs in his phone number.
"I'll see you soon my sweet."  He places a kiss on my cheek and walks away.  I look down at my phone at his entry.  He labels himself My Future Husband.  As I chuckle I go in and change it to his name.  I sigh and walk into my next class.  Writing 101 is a course all incoming freshman have to take to ensure they know the rules when it comes to writing on a college level.  The main bullet in this course will of course be plagiarism and it's life altering consequences.  I look around for a seat and my heart drops as I look toward the middle and find Lance nodding toward the seat next to him.  Oh boy, here we go!
Chapter 8
I am frozen at the entrance of the classroom, my heart beating a mile a minute.  Gazing deep into my eyes, he elicits strong feelings, the main being that we have known each other for years.  The last time we bumped into one another the urge to kiss him was intense, and the question that still plagues me is, why?  I walk over to Lance taking him in and silently hoping he did not see Bash walk me to class.  "Hi, thanks for saving me a seat," I say giving him a shy smile.  
"I was hoping we would have a few classes together.  How's the day going so far?  Lance gives me this burning look making me feel claimed.  Not in a I can't wait to brand you kind of way, but in the stars are only correctly aligned when we are together sort of way.  That strong emotion coupled with the nagging idea that I know him makes my feelings for Bash more complicated than they already are.  I smile sweetly, and just as he is going to say something else, the professor walks in and begins to introduce himself.
"The written word is a gift many fail to appreciate.  It is the reason wars are started and ended, the reason this world has a history.  Without both fictional and non-fictional literature the imagination of every individual on this planet and in this classroom would lie dormant.  You all would be nothing more than robotic vessels carrying a lifeless soul that has no meaning.  My job is to awaken the sleeping souls within and teach it to share its stories in an intelligent and thought provoking manner.  We will begin with the school's mandatory topic of plagiarism."  His dramatic and intense flair makes me rethink the idea that this is going to be a bird course.  He is hell bent on making us think.  The instructor writes plagiarism in large letters complete with a double underline.  "My name by the way is Professor Beasley, and you may address me as Professor Beasley.  Do not shorten my name the way you young people tend to abbreviate the simplest of words.  It is bad enough the English language has been minimized and defiled the way it has, and I refuse to allow my title and name to be butchered by the indolent."
Lance and I glance at each other with an Oh boy!, look and once again we are captured in each other's eyes.  "Othello and DesDemona is my lecture boring the two of you?  Lance's eyes sparkle with flecks of red.
"Prithee forgive the distraction, mine thoughts art consum'd by what her eyes betoken," Lance says without taking his eyes on me.  Uncomfortable knowing all eyes are on us, I turn to face the professor.
Following his lead I add, "Prithee forgive us profess'r Beasley."
With a look mixed with annoyance and intrigue the instructor stares at us both for a moment longer before saying, "Doth not let it happen again."  Exhaling a breath I did not realize I was holding, I keep my eyes facing forward for the duration of the class.  Knowing the professor has a soft spot for Shakespeare is information that will come in handy in the future.  Lance on the other hand fails to accept the respect Professor Beasley demands.  Throughout the hour and half he focuses intently on me and nothing else.  After the professor's lengthy lecture on plagiarism he announces we will be tested the following week.
I look up at Lance while gathering my things, "I sincerely hope you do not expect me to lend you my notes for the test?"  Giving me this knowing smile he reaches for his bag.
"I was hoping we could be study partners.  I can come by later and we can go over your notes."  Staring at the man I could not help but feel a strong connection I think of Bash.  It almost feels like I am cheating on the both of them.
Thinking it is best that neither one come to my home before I find out what I am dealing with, I reply, "Sorry I already have a study partner."
"Well then, how about a date?  Oh boy!  We could grab food at the Arena diner and get to know each other better."  His coolness and finesse is endearing making the decision to go out with him that much easier.  
"I would really like to get to know you better.  Maybe we can get together this weekend." I pull out my phone and ask for his number.  He does the same and I give him mine.
Lance leans in giving my forehead a kiss.  It is such an intimate move more so than any kiss on the lips I have ever had.  There is love, appreciation, and longing in that gesture and in his eyes.  "I'll call you tomorrow to finalize arrangements," he says before walking away.  The need to learn about both Lance and Bash is not only important for my safety but also for my heart.  The strong pull I feel toward both of them is going to make the decision that needs to be made that much more difficult.  Eventually I will have to choose leaving the other behind.  Because of our abilities, family backgrounds, and goals I have to make sure I am choosing the right one.  Wherever my destiny is taking me I have to be certain I have a strong ally.
Heading out the building and toward the parking lot I sense I am being followed.  Instead of looking around as mortals would typically do, I reach out mentally.  I could sense a Vampire, a crimson Demon, and a seer.  Crimson Demons are upper-level monstrosities who work closely with their leader.  Essentially they are Satan's biatches and will only ask how high when told to jump.  After quickly placing a protection spell over myself I reach out into the minds of my followers.  If I know their plan it will be that much easier to stop it.  I first go for the Vampire, because their minds tend to be easier to penetrate since their neurons don't flow as quickly.  I could see faint sparks running through the vamps mind.  It was a woman and her thoughts were definitely on me.  As I dig deeper to get past all the insignificant contemplations I find her plan.  
Mmm she smells delicious.  No, I mustn't!  We are going to make such good friends.  She is having an internal conflict.  Although Jessenia was told to befriend me she is having trouble fighting her urge to take a bite.  Deciding she would be easy to handle I move over to the crimson.  Their thoughts are by far the most numbing to work through.  To my shock I am hit with a brick wall.  Could it be possible someone has trained this crimson to block her mind?  Giving it one more shot, I decide to pull each brick instead of trying to bum rush my way in.  I reached out to grab a brick and it felt like a soft sponge given to babies to play with.  Once the first six are removed the wall comes tumbling down.  The yellow brick road from the Wizard of Oz lays before me and in a short distance is the Emerald City brightly sparkling.  I make my way toward the front door and will it open.  Stepping in I am lead into an Alice in Wonderland themed hallway.  Chairs appear to be upside down, and the floor design is made to make you feel like you are falling down a hole.  A girl who looks like Tim Burton's version of Alice greets me and introduces herself as Vanessa.  "We are going to be best friends," she says.  "While I am around no one would hurt you."  After deducing the Demon is indeed harmless I move on to the seer.
The seer will be ten times trickier than the other two.  I dive into her mind and stop abruptly when met with a concrete wall.  "Damn!"  Some mental blocks resonate strong waves back and this one is definitely bringing on a migraine tonight.
"I only grant close friends and family entrance into my mind Princess," the seer sent out a blast bringing me to my knees.  By the time I regain my senses they have me surrounded.  "And I guess I should let you in, since we are supposed to be the bests of friends," she says sarcastically.  "Hailey," she said while offering her hand to help me up.  Refusing to take her hand I stand up on my own and begin cleaning myself off.
"I would introduce myself but clearly you three know who I am, since you are following me.  And is that how you guys meet new friends, by stalking them?"  I have my hands on my hips and realize my defenses are still up.  
"Princess, although strong, you are holding yourself back.  The growth of your power isn't only dependent on time, but on your willingness to let go.  Stop thinking about what you need to do and just do it," Vanessa said sweetly.  I think she will be my favorite.
"Thank you Vanessa, I'll work on it.  Why exactly are you going out of your way to be my friend?
"Obviously your father is pa OW!" Hailey yells grabbing onto Vanessa's arm.
"What she means is your father thought you might want someone to show you around.  It's been a long time and the town has changed a bit."  I could tell Vanessa and I are going to quickly become friends.  If Jessenia couldn't control her urges, and Hailey her attitude it would be Bye Felicias!!!
"Well I appreciate the gesture but I am finding my own way just fine.  My father does not have to be concerned.  I hope the lack of a paycheck doesn't affect you guys too much."  And with that I head to my car and drove home.  My initial thought is to tell my father to go fly a kite, but the drive home gives me time to calm down.  I also take the time to rethink the girls' "friendships," perhaps it wouldn't be a bad idea to assemble a team.  I could definitely learn a thing or two from Hailey, although I could do without her attitude.  With that last thought lingering in the forefront of my mind I park in front of the house.
Amelia has transformed the front of the house to a fall extravaganza.  Colorful leaves border the home while the center is illuminated with pumpkins and gourds.  The display will be especially beautiful at night.
Walking up the stairs I begin searching for my keys.  I rest my bag on the ledge of the patio move everything around.  Frustrated I turn to look at the door and then around at my surroundings.  No one appears to be outside their homes, so I walk casually up and chant "aperi ianuam."  I hear the door unlock and open slowly, I quickly look around and turn the nob.  Glad no one was outside or in the entrance way, I lock the door behind me.  
As I turn from the door I jump in shock.  "Hello Maddie," Amelia said as she dangles my house keys in front of me.  The look on her face is similar to the one Grams would give me after I've done something wrong.  In this case practicing magic for personal gain is a huge no no.  "Your keys were on the kitchen table.  Which makes me wonder how did you get into the house?"  Amelia's knowing look erases any idea I had of lying.
"Well I charmed the door to unlock, but I did it quite subtly making sure to look around beforehand," I add quickly.  
"Sweetheart it is for your benefit that you not practice unless absolutely necessary." Amelia's soft tone puts me at ease but her stare still gets the point across.  "Yes, it's true we live in an area mostly populated by the supernatural, however, it is still important that we try to keep the news of your return quiet.  People are drawn to you for different reasons but most will look to you for the peace you emit."  Amelia's words brought me back to the times I helped friends heal from both emotional and physical pain.  
"I will be more careful, and next time I will just ring the bell."  I give her a slight pout to show my sincerity and she smiles in response.
"You have an infectious smile just like your mother.  And I am sure you will be more careful in the future.  Let's go to the kitchen and have a snack.  You can tell me all about the friends you have met today."  I look at Amelia questionably.  
"Did my father tell you about the friends-for-hire?"  As my father's companion it makes sense that she not only knows about it but also has a hand in the selection.  I take a seat at the bar stool in front of the counter, while Amelia pours me a glass of green tea to go with my peanut butter and toast.  I am still amazed at how well prepared she is for my arrival.  I have yet to eat a meal that did not consist of at least two things I consider favorites.
"Well one of them is my niece."  I bet it's the seer.  "And it was my suggestion that Hailey and her friends introduce themselves to you.  As far as paying them, I know nothing about that.  I highly doubt your father would consider paying anyone but bodyguards to be around you."  Well that's essentially what they think they are, so it makes sense.  "Please tell me my niece was on her best behavior?"  Amelia stops wiping the counters to examine my facial expression as I answer.  I nod while taking another bite of my sandwich.  Yea, she was nice as bee sting.  I replay just how nice Hailey was to me forgetting Amelia herself is a seer.  
"Ugh, that girl can sometimes be so difficult.  Well I am sorry in advance.  She really is a lovely girl, and the other two girls just as much if not more."
Feeling bad about my mental bash I say, "I am sure we will get along just fine.  I am going to look for them in school tomorrow for lunch."  Seemingly satisfied Amelia goes back to cleaning the counters.
"Did you make any other new friends?" Amelia asks in a way that sounds like she already knew the answer.  Knowing she could sense when I am lying I decide to tell her a condensed version of the truth.
"I have met two guys that have asked me to be study partners with them, and another who wants my attention for who knows what reason."  I shrug off the thought like it is nothing in hopes of sounding nonchalant.
"Well I am sure each of them want something from you.  The question you will need to answer is what that is and if it is safe for you to share with them.  You must be careful because every new encounter can either be a threat or lead to a potential threat."  Nodding my head to express understanding I get up to wash my plate and cup.  "You can leave that in the sink, I'll take care of it."
"Oh no, Amelia I'm really not used to being taken care of in this way.  And I want to thank you for your advice.  I have every intention of scrutinizing every situation.  It's in my nature to analyze, which is why I will make an excellent psychologist."  I give her my best #winning smile and after putting the clean dishes in the drainer I thank her for the snack.  I carry my school books and bag up to my room, slowing down as I reach the photos that line the stairs.  I must be going crazy, but I could have sworn the couple were posed differently the last time I looked.  Dismissing the thought I continue my trek upstairs.  I decide it is best to get a head start on things so I begin reading the material and notes I need for to complete my assignments.
Chapter 9
Running through the woods, large, dark shadows by my side.  Looking back to see if he is close to catching up, I gasp at the beauty in his smile.  I stop and turn to watch him run toward me.  "What's wrong my love are you ill, is it the baby?" He asks while placing his hand gently on my stomach.  I look down in shock and take in my protruding belly from its white, lace, beaded covering.
"Baby?"  Confusion and panic suddenly set in as I could not remember how I had arrived in the woods, or when in the hell I got pregnant.  The look of fear that must plaque my face puts Bash in distress.
"Sweetheart you are making me nervous, perhaps we should go back home so you can rest."  He reaches out for my hand and I stare at it with uncertainty.  Lifting and stretching out my hand and toward him, I prepare to take the arm he offers me.  Suddenly the sound of a wild horse causes both of us to jump.  To the right of where we stand comes a white stallion with Lance as the rider.
"Run Maddie, get away from him.  He wants to hurt us and our child," Lance shouts with fervor.  Looking from Bash to Lance I cannot find the motivation to move.  I am drawn to both of them but something internally is telling me to take Bash's hand.
I look down at my belly and I can hear a small voice say, "mommy you know what is best, only you know where we need to be."  Still so unsure of what to do I run in the opposite direction from the both of them creating an unbearable but necessary distance.  I refuse to be rushed into making a decision.  I begin to pick up speed when a large cumulus comes crashing down in front of me, blocking me from further escape the cloud consumes me.  Before I know it I am lifted off the ground and beamed straight up into the sky.  The speed of travel makes me dizzy and the degree of fear I feel increases as I look up and see a limitless abyss.  Just as I thought my trip would never end I crash into an even bigger, darker, grey cloud.
The pain that runs up and down my back is excruciating.  I fell off my bed and landed on my back.  I hear Amelia running up the stairs and shortly after rushing into my room to check on me.  "Are you alright, Maddie?"  she asks breathing heavily.
"Yes, embarrassed, but I'm fine.  I was dreaming that, (taking a pause I decide not tell Amelia the complete truth), I was floating around on a cloud until it disintegrated and I crashed down to the ground."  Giving Amelia a weak smile, I use the bed to help myself up.  The look on her face says I do not believe you, child!  Clearly, she knew I was leaving something out, but before she could give it much more thought, I ask about breakfast.
"Oh, well I was going to ask you what you would like today.  You're father remembered some things from when you were a child but I am sure your taste buds have changed since then."  So my father was the one who had shared with Amelia some of favorite meals.  I would be lying if I didn't admit that it feels good knowing my father remembers some things about me.  "You know it's easy to miss important information presented in a day, and most times our dreams help bring those lost details to the surface."
"Right, thank you.  I'll keep that in mind during the next dream."
"And sometimes your dreams can help you work out problems you are having.  Maybe in even give you clues into what you really want to happen," Amelia continues.
"Thank you. Amelia, I appreciate it.  I will give the details some thought."  I am hoping she will continue.  I breathe a sigh of relief as she walks to the door.
"You do that."  Amelia smiles as she closes the door behind her.  I take another deep breathe as hear her heading down the stairs.  I sincerely hope I did not miss a detail like getting pregnant.  I did however decide to take Amelia's advice and write down what I could remember from the dream.  Maybe there are some clues about Bash, Lance, or myself that can help answer the millions of questions coursing through my mind.  Glancing up at the time I reluctantly leave my bed rubbing my back.  Opening my closet door I look through the sweaters and skirts' section looking for something in fall-like colors.  After choosing an ensemble I head to my bathroom to shower and get dress.  Forty minutes later I am applying the finishing touches to my makeup, and grabbing my bag.  I walk down the stairs stopping to smile at the pictures that line the wall.  They have become my favorite part of this house.  The familiarity I feel with the couples in the picture overwhelm me.  I stare a moment longer at the pair in their Victorian garb, before making my way down the stairs.  I go into the kitchen and meet Amelia who somehow anticipates what I want.  Waiting for me on the island in the middle of the kitchen is a whole-wheat bagel toasted with butter.  In the glass is freshly squeezed grapefruit juice.
"Amelia are you a mind reader?  There is no way my father would have known the type of bagel and juice I prefer."  I smile as I take in my delicious and appropriately quick breakfast.
"I pay close attention to what you say and what you gravitate to.  The more I get to know you the better I will get at anticipating your needs and desires."  I glance up at Amelia stopping mid-bite.  Amelia begins to hysterically cackle, and my mouth opens wide in shock.
"Seriously you can decipher the needs of others just by getting to know them?  That's amazing, I haven't even mentioned to you what foods I like, or any allergies I may have.  What a gift?!?  Is this a skill that can be taught, do you think you could teach me?"  I ramble on like a fan-crazed teenager until I realize Amelia hadn't stopped laughing.
"Oh Maddie you are a riot.  I can read your mind it comes along with being a seer.  How am I supposed to provide the best support possible if I don't already know what you want?  Ha ha ha, oh thank you for that morning laugh.  Laughter is really the best way to start your day."  In a sulking manner I look down at my bagel continuing to eat.  She acts as if this is common knowledge, well maybe it is in the supernatural world, but she should keep in mind I did not grow up with many supes around.  I rely solely on what my grandmother has taught me.  The idea that I would encounter let alone be inheriting a familiar/seer in the future is the furthest thing from my mind.  I am still battling what to make of Lance, Bash, while keeping my guard out for the many out there who probably wish me dead.  Finishing up the last bit of my breakfast I thank Amelia, who is still chuckling to herself, grab my bag and head off to school.
Preparing my schedule so that I have Friday through Sunday off is the best advice my counselor could have given me, next to declaring myself a psych major.  I walk eagerly into the building knowing that at the end of the day my weekend will begin.  Entering the lobby my senses are heightened as I try to gauge where in the building are my new friends.  The first person I pick out is Vanessa.  She's in the library looking through a comic book.  Not too far away from her is Jessenia looking for a book in the self-help section.  I head toward a corner near the elevators and close my eyes.  It would take all the concentration I could muster up to pinpoint where I could find Hailey.  Once again the seer has me and everyone else blocked.  I can feel her purple-blue aura but I can't tell where her physical form can be found.  I take a deep breath and use the memory of her appearance to perform a locator spell.  
Through my mind's eye
connect me to the seer like a tie
A vision of Hailey appears in my mind.  She is standing in a hall with a large group.  Suddenly the group disperses and she came walking toward me.  I open my eyes and watch as Hailey approaches with a smirk on her face.  "Cleaver little witch.  You couldn't sense me mentally so you used your other gifts.  Maybe you and I have more in common than I thought," Hailey said.
"Hi Hailey, listen I may have been a bit hasty last night.  Although I don't appreciate the approach you and the others took to meet me, I do agree that I could use some friends around here.
"You seem to be getting smarter by the minute.  We don't know who or why yet, but there are rumors among the supes in school that someone is interested in testing your abilities.  Apparently you foiled someone's plans to teach a certain professor a lesson."  I knew she was referring to what happened in yesterday's Theories of Psychology course.  This would be as perfect a time as any to test her loyalty.
"There was a magical attempt on my Theories of Psychology professor yesterday, but I handled it with discretion, or so I thought.  It didn't seem like they really knew what they were doing, let alone could detect my power."
"My guess is that they didn't want to necessarily hurt the professor, but really find out what you're capable of handling.  You stopped a basic energy ball while keeping innocents out of the loop.  The next attack won't be as mundane.  You must prepare yourself.  The girls and I have changed our schedules so that you are never in a class without one of us with you."  Pulling out her phone she says, "speaking of which, we are going to be late for class."  She grabs her bag, books, and we head down the hall.  Hailey and I run into class just as the professor prepares to shut the door.  Closing the door behind us, he begins explaining the objectives and assignments for the week.  Shortly after starting I tune him out as I think about who could be after me already.  My father and grandmother went to great lengths to keep my arrival a secret, yet two guys who are oddly invested in my future and who maybe threats have unmasked me in a matter of a week.  I think someone has a big mouth.  Before I can analyze the theory any further class is done.  Hailey opts to walk me to my next class, but half way there Vanessa is standing against a wall tying her laces.  According to the schedule the girls coordinated, her and I are in the next class together.
Sensing my arrival Vanessa turns in our direction and with a big smile says, "Hey Maddie, can I call you Maddie, or do you prefer Madeline.  Your dad said Maddie, but you know how parents tend to ignore what we really want."  Thinking Vanessa and Archie would make the best couple, my matchmaker antennas go up.
"Please call me Maddie, Madeline is just too formal for me.  Are you ready to head to class?"  Vanessa nods.  "See you later Hails."
"Hails, oh no, Hailey, Hail-lee," she pronounces for me.  With a chuckle I wave her goodbye snaking my arm through Vanessa's.  We walk away, leaving Hailey seething.  
"So Vanessa, are you seeing anyone?"
"Oh, wow, I am so flattered, and don't get me wrong, you are gorgeous, but I'm not interested in girls.  I mean I tried it, but it just wasn't for me," Vanessa's honesty is so refreshing.  I am convinced she is perfect for Archie.
"Actually I have a friend that I think is perfect for you."
"Oh, ha ha ha, I thought you were hitting on me.  Phew!  I didn't want our friendship to get awkward right as it is just beginning.  So tell me about your friend," Vanessa's eagerness is so child-like.  To be honest her entire demeanor is so sweet and innocent.
Approaching the entrance to class I spot Bash down the hall talking with a group of guys.  Reluctantly taking my eyes off of Bash I look at the faces of his friends.  My heart drops as I recognize them from the energy ball fiasco.  Not wanting to get caught staring I quickly avert my eyes toward the classroom but not before taking another glance at Bash.  This time, of course, he catches me so I give him my stern I know what you're up to look and walk into class with Vanessa in tow.  She points to a pair of seats near the window, but I have other plans in mind.  
"Actually there is someone I want you to meet," I say eagerly pointing in Archie's direction.  
Waving feverously, Archie sits a couple of rows in the back center trying to get my attention.  Vanessa turning her eyes in the direction of my finger, she notices Archie, their eyes lock and I am certain everyone in the room disappears.  The two practically gravitate to each other.  Following Vanessa toward the back of the room I take the seat to Archie's right as Vanessa grabs the one on his left.  "Hey Archie, this is my friend, Vanessa."
"Hey Maddie, he says without even taking his eyes off Vanessa.  Vanessa's porcelain complexion turns tomato red and she smiles coyly.  "Well hello there, Archibald Xavier Wellington, and you beautiful are?"  Archie's smooth, hypnotic tone surprises me as I watch him place a gentle kiss on the back of her hand.
"Vanessa Dubois, it's a pleasure to meet you, Archibald," Vanessa blushes and casts her eyes down.  I love it when a plan comes together.  They really do make a cute couple.
"Please my sweet call me Archie, all the important people in my life do."  Important people?!?  We've known him all of two seconds.  It's amazing how love controls the mind.
Although I am enjoying the love between the two blossom, I can't ignore the surge of anger coming over me as sense Bash entering the room.  Thinking he knew better than to try to sit next to me, I am surprised when he heads in our direction.  Preparing to ignore him I turn toward Archie and Vanessa but they are engulfed in a love cocoon. "Hhm", Bash clears his throat.  "Is this seat taken?"  I look at him with a glint of anger, which fails to last as I peer into his stormy, gray eyes.
"Yes, the seat is available, but if you are going to have your buddies make another lame attempt on someone's life you may not want to sit so close to the window."
"What are you talking about?"  I look at Bash with shock in my eyes.  
"Are you seriously going to deny it?"  At that moment the professor walks in.
"Sorry, I'm late everyone.  Let's begin."  I straighten in my seat looking at the professor as he puts his briefcase down.
Madeline what are you talking about, an attempt on someone's life?"
"Ssshh" I put my index finger to my lips.  Bash's eyes widen, and in frustration with a wave of his hand everyone in the room freezes.  "Uh, what are you doing, are you nuts?"
"You will explain yourself, right now, Madeline!"
Still staring at Bash in awe, I gather my thoughts.  "Are you not aware of the attempt made on a professor yesterday?"
"Yes, I've heard, but what does that have to do with me?"  Bash genuinely looks baffled.
"I stopped a group of guys, the same group of guys I saw you talking to in the hall earlier, from tossing an energy ball at my Theories of Psychology professor."
"What?!?  Are you crazy!  You ran the risk of exposure, and for what?"
"Don't you dare turn the tables on me.  You expect me to believe you hang out with them and had no idea what they were up to?  Who are they anyway?"
"They are young warlocks in need of training and I thought it would be prudent to teach them what I know.  I had no idea they were using what I've taught them for mischief.  I swear, Madeline."  Bash says pleadingly.  Perhaps he is telling the truth.
"Well now that you know what are you going to do about it?"  I say sternly.
"I am thinking they will need a better teacher, one who is more familiar with the consequences of toying with the craft."
"Well I can't argue with you there.  A Demon teaching warlocks about magic, that's interesting," I say with a hint of sarcasm.  "I would imagine you have a number of witches and warlocks in your circle of friends better equipped to teach."  Not hearing a response I take my eyes away from the professor who is stock still at the board, preparing to write notes.  I am immediately struck by the level of guilt coming from Bash.
"You do believe me, don't you?  I would never allow anyone to hurt innocents.  I knew their powers were weak and never for a second thought they would play around with their gifts."  
"Yes, I believe you.  You have to keep in mind that they are young, excited, and careless.  They have to earn their teacher's trust before taking the liberty to practice on their own.  You must speak with them.  Make them understand, they were endangering the lives of everyone in that room.  
"You are so much more then I was expecting, my Queen.  You and I will make quite a match."  At that point Bash turns and seemingly places his focus onto the professor. 
"Um, Bash."
"Yes, Madeline," Bash looks at me with adoration.
"I think it's time to unfreeze the room, don't you?"
"Oh, right.  Of course," Bash is taken out of his daze.  Just as quickly as before, he waves his hand, filling the room with the sound of movement, and the professor's lecture.
I turn to face the front but fail to absorb anything the teacher is saying.  I could not get over that Bash unknowingly orchestrated the attack.   How is it possible that such a powerful Demon cannot anticipate the thoughts of juvenile practioners.
At the end of the class I ask Vanessa if I can copy her notes, and begin gathering my things.  She agrees as she looks over at Bash and then back at me with the I completely understand why you missed the lecture, look in her eyes.
"Would you be interested in helping me teach my young friends?  You are definitely a seasoned witch, I am sure they can learn a thing or two from you," Bash aks with an eager look on his face.
I look at Bash as I continue to pack my things.  "What exactly would you like me to show them?"
"Mostly defensive charms, maybe a couple of the offensive ones.  Does your question mean you are interested?"  Bash is beaming that boyish charm my way and just as I start internally swooning I give myself a mental slap.
"Well the last thing I want is some overzealous Demon leading young practitioners to their demise.  So, I'll teach them defensive charms, basic parlor spells, and one offensive spell.  The rest will be up to them.  In the meantime find them a coven willing to take them under their wing.  They should be someone monitoring them as they practice."  I grab my bag and look up at Bash and notice his smirk.  "What?"
"Spoken like a true Queen.  I will gladly do as you ask, my loyalty to the crown knows no bounds."  Bash delicately grabs and kisses the top of my hand.  "Until we meet again."  Not realizing I am standing in my spot holding my hand to my chest.  The sound of Vanessa clearing her throat breaks the spell and she smiles knowingly at me.  
"Let's get to our next class," I say quickly.  Vanessa maintains her grin as we walk down the hall.
"So is the Demon winning the race?" she asks.  
"What are you talking about, what race?  I frown.
"The race to the Queen's heart of course.  The Demon versus the Vampire.  This should be an intriguing battle.  I do have to say your dad should be pleased at how heavily guarded you are."
"First of all there is no race, and secondly when we are in school I barely see Bash or Lance.  They do not count as protection, and until I find out what they are really after I am going to keep it that way."  Thinking over my last comment I second guess myself.  Truth is I want to spend more time with both of them.  According to the book and the prophecy I am going to rule with one of them by my side.  Whether it is better to lead from the dark or from the light will probably be the hardest decision of my existence.  It would definitely be in my best interest to leave any and all emotions out of the equation.
"I hate to bust your self-assured bubble Princess, but one if not both are always around watching you.  You may not realize it but we do.  And by "we" I mean us girls, your dad, and Amelia." I am take back as I realize so many people are involved in my protection detail.  I wonder if Bash and Lance were also "hired" by my father.
"No Princess they were not hired, and as much as you try to keep your emotions in check, they are going to play a significant role in the decision making process," Hailey says as she approaches us from behind. 
"I thought we agreed to stay out of my head," I say with annoyance.
"Well I thought you were going to practice putting up a wall.  I can't help it if your signals come through loud and clear."  The three of us had the next class together.  The following two hours of lectures are a waste as I find it too difficult to stay focused.  My thoughts continue to go over Bash's request and the idea of spending more time with him and Lance.  Deciding, reluctantly, to take Hailey's advice I call Lance to ask him if he wants to get together to study for our first exam.  To keep it light I will also invite Vanessa and Archie.  Although I am not sure how much studying those two are going to get done being in the same room.  After confirming the idea with Vanessa and then Archie I give Lance a buzz.  As soon as I arrive home I run upstairs to my room, grabbed my cell out of my bag and dial his number.
"Hello Maddie, I'm glad you called," Lance said sweetly.
"Hey, so I was wondering since we have our first test coming up, if you want to join my group and study together."  I couldn't help but notice the nerves that came through my voice.
"Who would be in this study group?"  Detecting a hint of annoyance in his question I work to make the response perky and carefree.
"Just my friends Vanessa and Archie.  Archie is a wiz and extremely organized, and Vanessa just joined the class so I thought she could use the help."  The silence on the other end had me worried that he might decline the offer.
"And no one else?" He asked suspiciously.
"Is there anyone in particular you're concerned about?"  I send out mental feelers to assess what or who is on his mind in case he decides not to share.  Bash's face came at me like a moving train.  The overall negative energy emanating from his thoughts cathces me off guard and I feel the need to sit down.
"No, no one in particular, it's just I wouldn't want anyone interested in only partying to break our concentration.  The study group sounds perfect.  When will we meet?"  I am not surprised Lance decided to lie, but the amount of jealousy and hatred coming from his thoughts iss something I wasn't expecting.  I thought the two didn't even know each other well, but apparently Lance has been doing his homework.  He is internally going haywire as he tries to figure out my connection to Bash.
"How about this Friday night, my house at 7pm?"  He takes a couple of seconds to respond.
"At your house, with your father?"  I never thought I'd hear the day that my gorgeous, seemingly confident Vampire would be nervous to come to my home and meet my father.  Remembering my father's position among the supes and humans I understand his apprehension.
"I doubt he will be home, and even if he is he won't be around us.  Don't worry about my dad.  Although I understand if you don't want to hang out with the Chief's daughter.  No pressure over here." I smile just thinking about how nervous he is about coming over.
"I'll see you Friday then," Bash said ignoring my mocking tone.
"Great, it's a date!" I gasped at my idiocy.  Blurting out the words like that made me appear like a high school girl with a crush on a upper classman.  I was so embarrassed and felt the need to explain the comment.  "Well you know what I mean, not a date date, but you know.  Well anyway I'll see you Friday."
"See you then," Lance said with a chuckle.  And with that we hang up the phone.  I dramatically bury myself in my pillows and fall asleep imagining what a date with Lance would be like.
Chapter 10
The rest of the evening goes by quietly and uneventful, which I do not mind at all.  I speak with Bash about helping his group of misguided warlocks.  We decide to get started Saturday night.
The morning light peeks through my shades, and I stretch out thinking about all I want to accomplish this weekend.  With no class scheduled today I work on compiling lesson plans to help the eager group improve their craft.  For our first meeting I am going to take it back to the basics.  This will give me an idea of how much control they have over their powers.  My very first lesson was to light a flame to one candle and then to a group of them.  Grams was both shocked and delighted when I was able to light a row of twenty candles on my first attempt.  My main problem was the need to help others even when it went against nature.  This is the worst offense a witch or warlock could commit as it has grave consequences.  I only hope that these kids won't have to learn the hard way, as I did.  Almost losing my friend just to alter an embarrassing situation had both me and Grams questioning my control and judgment.  Luckily Grams was there to stop the potentially tragic turn of events.
It was like yesterday Natalia and I were sitting in her room planning out a way to remove a certain "mean girl" from the school.  It seemed harmless at the time.  We were going to change her mother's mind about moving to town, without fully knowing the reasons behind the move.  Performing the spell was simple enough and by the end of next week it was as if Shelly had never moved to town.  We celebrated the success of my work until one Sunday morning about two weeks later, I noticed an article in the County newspaper Grams always read.  The story depicted another tale of spousal abuse that ended terribly.  Looking at the picture of the body bag being brought out of a beautiful house prompted me to read the story.  It was Shelly's mother who had been killed, and toward the end of the article the writer revealed that her teenage daughter had also been murdered by her husband.  I lost all color in my face and breathing became a chore.  I immediately ran to my room to call Natalia.
"You are not going to believe what I read in the newspaper", I said in a panic.
"Why are you reading the newspaper, you never read the paper?" Natalia asked with a sarcastic tone of shock.  I ignored her and started to share the details.  The next thing I heard out of Natalia was hysterical tears.  
"Natalia are you okay?"  I waited for her to calm down before asking her again.  Finally she responded.
"This is all our fault.  We killed her.  I can't believe this has happened.  I have to go, I can't?" Natalia's ranting trailed off followed by the sound of the line going out.  I stayed in my room a couple of hours before deciding to go to Natalia's house to check on her.  Her mother answered the door telling me to please see if she can get her lazy bones daughter to come out of her room.  "You children are always wasting your weekends," she lectured, as I made my way up the stairs toward Natalia's room. 
I knocked a couple of times but she didn't answer.  Turning the knob I poked my head in but did not see her.  I walked into her room and began looking around.  I checked her private bath but found nothing.  Panic coursed through my veins and I began thinking about where she would have gone.  After a few minutes of calming myself down I thought of the bridge that connected us to our neighboring town.  Running down the stairs I closed the house door behind me and ran toward the bridge.  Minutes felt like hours and just I arrived at the bridge my breathing stopped.  All that could be heard was the flow of the roaring waters below.  I looked at the middle of the bridge and standing on the opposite side of the beam was Natalia.  
"Natalia!" I yelled.  I ran toward her and as I approached she slowly turned her head toward me.  The lost look in her eyes and smear of makeup from crying made her look like she belonged in a horror movie.  "Please, Nat, climb back over.  It will be okay.  I can fix this."  I continued to plead with her as she looked at me as if I wasn't there.
"You can't reverse death, you said so yourself.  This is all our fault, there's nothing we can do about it."  I thought about her words, and she was right I couldn't bring them back.  My train of thought veered toward Grams.  I can't do much but maybe she'll have an idea.
"Nat we can go talk to Grams, there has to be something she can do."  I waited for her to respond fearing she would just jump.
"What if she can't do anything?  I'm a horrible person.  She didn't need to die because of our stupid prank.  I wish I could take it all back."  Natalia began to cry uncontrollably and I worried she would fall off the bridge.
"My Grams will find a way, she always knows a way."  At this point I was blatantly lying but I would do anything to get her off that edge.  Natalia began to sob as she looked at me questioningly.  She grabbed hold of the beam, turned herself around, and climbed back to safety.  I ran to her and held her tight in my arms.  We both cried, cried for Shelly, her mother, and for ourselves.  We walked slowly but with purpose back to my house.  I took a deep breath right before walking in.  Sitting in the living room by the fire was Grams reading a book.  Her head rose as we walked in, she put her book down on the table next to her.
"What's happened?" She asked with worry.
"I've done something terrible Grams and I don't know how to fix it." I said meekly.
"We've done something terrible." Natalia corrected.  I began to explain everything starting with the prank Shelly played on Natalia.  It sounds selfish now that I think about it but subconsciously I believe I was trying to justify our actions.  Once I was done with the tale.  My Grams's look of disappointment was enough to make me want to take Natalia's position on the bridge.
"I have explained to you time and time again about the consequences of spells that alter a person's life.  What were you thinking?"  Grams looked to both of us for an answer despite the fact that I was the only magical one.  Unable to speak I cast my eyes down.  "There is no way to reverse the spell."  My heart dropped at Grams certainty.  "I can however take the two of you back to the moment before you started the spell.  It will be up to the two of you not to go through with it.  Keep in mind I can only do this once and you will not have the memory of the consequences.  I suggest you look deep inside to the person you each are to find the strength and good sense to stop yourselves.
Grams stood up and circled around us chanting.  In just a few minutes a cloud of smoke began to engulf us and once it cleared we were back in Natalia's room preparing to do the spell.  We were reminding ourselves of all the benefits of not having Shelly around.  I lit candles and prepared to recite the incantation.  Just before beginning I was overcome with this feeling of dread, anger, and regret.  More regret than anything else.  Natalia looked at me quizzically.  "What's wrong?" she asked. 
"This all of a sudden feels wrong, like what if this ends up doing more damage than good?  What if someone else moves to town that is worse than Shelly?"  We both looked at each other while letting these questions sink in.
"Who could be worse than Shelly?  She's a monster!" Natalia said with conviction.
"You're right, but I can't shake this nagging feeling.  Anyway let's begin."  I chant the incantation, and then again for the second time.  
All of a sudden Natalia grabbed my arm, turned, and started blowing out all the candles.  "I cannot handle someone worse than Shelly.  Let's forget about this and go to the mall.  Retail therapy always makes me feel better."  Natalia put on her shoes and snatched her purse from the bed.  In shock I stare blankly at her as she waits by her door.
"Are you sure?" I ask.
"Absolutely!"  Shaking my head I put my craft books into my bag and we headed out.
Thinking back at what could have been always helps me to stay in line when deciding to do a spell.  Later that night Grams placed a memory charm on me so I could remember everything that happened.  I cried myself to sleep that night wondering what kind of person and witch I would become.  Luckily I took that lesson and those taught by Grams to heart.  I only hope the small group I will be working with would not have to find out the hard way.
My thoughts returned to the present and I immediately get dressed and run downstairs to help prepare for tonight's study session.  Archie, Vanessa, and Lance are coming over and Amelia instinctively is preparing appetizers.  I join her and put together a table for the food and drinks in the living room.  Vanessa is the first to arrive and she gladly helps me finish setting up.  Archie is next followed by Lance, and we sit around the coffee table reading out loud from our notes.  Archie being a student extraordinaire has already put together index cards so we can test each other.  Vanessa has the brilliant idea of turning it into a game.  We split the cards in half and it is Lance and I versus Archie and Vanessa.  The first round they slaughter us but in the second I suggest we shuffle the cards and start again.
"Alright Lance, this round belongs to us, we have to show these brainiacs a lesson."  I beam a devious smile over to our opponents.  Lance raises his hand in a high five gesture.  I go to meet his hand and just as they were half an inch apart a spark of blue and gold appear.
"Whoa, I've never seen electric current manifest in such a way between two people.  We all know what that means?" Archie beams eagerly as he gets up to come closer.  Lance and I quickly move away as Archie comes to sit in between.  He raises his hand in a high five gesture first to me.  Lance, Vanessa, and I exchange nervous looks.  I raise my hand and hold my breath as our hands meet.  Once nothing happens, Archie turns and does the same to Lance.  Lance feeling more confident since nothing happened with me, quickly gives him a high five.  Archie stares knowingly between Lance and myself and think for sure I am going to have to use a memory spell.
"What does it mean to you?" Vanessa asks sweetly.
"Obviously when sparks fly that means they are meant to be.  How long have you two been dating?" Archie asks.
"Oh we aren't dating," Lance and I say in unison releasing a long sigh of relief.  I can sense the hurt emanating from Lance.  But the truth is it feels like we are together, or at least should be.  It isn't possible of course, as we just met, but the familiarity between us has been lingering since our first encounter.
"Why don't we continue with the game.  I believe we ask the questions first this time."  Lance picks up the shuffled cards and split them evenly between the two teams.  I smile awkwardly and picked up the first card.  With only three questions left and the game tied the tension in Lance begins to build.  "Alright smarty pants, we need to get the next two questions right to win."  Lance looks at me with a smirk, "You ready to take them down?"  I nod with a deadly and mischievous look in my eye that says bring it on.
"Okay, pretty boy," Archie says vehemently.  Lance shoots him a look of death.  "Ha ha, just kidding."  Clearing his throat he begins, "Where do you site writing made up of information gathered from a particular source?"  Lance looked down as he began to think of the correct answer.  Glancing at the timer I jump in.
"Within the paragraph the author's last name and year of publication are placed in parentheses followed by the information to be sited.  Also, at the end of the paper the author's last name, first initial, year of publication, title of the work, title of the publisher, and link (if it is an internet source) is placed in the reference page in alphabetical order."
"Correct Ms. Calderon," Archie said while keeping his eye on Lance.  "And for the next question.  What is the abbreviation used to convey more than three authors within a paragraph?  Not wanting to be left behind Lance jumps at the opportunity to answer.
"It is etc.," Lance said placing an emphasis on the period.  I cast my eyes down immediately realizing his answer is wrong and that we would have to get the last question correct in order to ensure our win.
Placing my hand on Lance's lap I say, "It's okay we still have another shot.  What's the final question?"  I look at Archie as he theatrically reaches to pick up the last index card.  My heart starts to speed up and I sense a magical force building.
"Where does the word plagiarism come from?"  Archie's eyebrows rises to the top of his forehead as he asked the final question.  Both Lance and I take a moment to consider the question.  I know the word derives from Latin, but as far as its meaning, I was unsure.  "Time's a ticking people."  Archie then begins humming the jeopardy tune.  Lance smiles and sits up straight.
"Plagiarism comes from the Latin word plagiarus which means kidnapper.  In terms of the English language the word means to covet another's ideas or words without duly noting credit where credit is due."
"Darn, that's correct!" Archie snaps his fingers in defeat.  "You guys beat us by two points.  Great job!"  Archie stands up to shake hands with Lance and Lance pulls Archie over to the snack setup.  I on the other hand feel there is little to be happy about since we failed to earn that win.  I knew with every fiber of my being that Lance had cheated.
"That was fun, but let's take a break," Vanessa suggests.  She joins the guys by the table and I remain seated wondering how and when to confront Lance.  My opportunity comes sooner than expected.  Lance sits by me while offering me a bag of Welch's strawberry gummies.
"Thanks, you know I could have answered the question without any assistance," I said coldly.
"What are you talking about?"  Lance's look of confusion almost convinces me that he was not responsible for the energy I picked up on, but considering I barely knew him I didn't want to appear gullible.
"Really?  You didn't use magic to recall that answer?"
"No, I wouldn't take the risk with a mortal in the room.  Did you sense something?"  Concern on his face tells me that I am wrong to accuse him.  We both get up from the sofa and walk toward the windows.  Looking in opposite directions we notice nothing.  "Do you still feel the energy?"  I close my eyes to place all my focus on the magic in and around the house.  I easily pick up on Vanessa and Lance's magical essence, and after pushing them toward the back, I pick up on another.  It is strong and quite insistent on trying to remain under cover.  The person is young but well trained.
"Hey guys I'll be right back, I'm going to see what other snacks Amelia prepared."
"Are you kidding we don't need anymore, wait did Amelia make all this?" Archie asks.
"Yea, she's an amazing cook, baker, whatever you need," I boast.
"Well in that case, keep'em coming," Archie says as he stuffs another finger sandwich into his mouth.  I smile at him and Vanessa as I walk out of the room.
"I'll give you a hand," Lance says as he comes up behind me.  Walking out of the room I refocus my magical antenna.  The energy is stronger as we walk toward the back of the house.  I head to the backyard door just in time to see someone race past.  Lance pushes me and runs past opening the door.  I'm not far behind him so we watch as a tall, slender figure floats over my brick fence.  Lance is preparing to continue the chase, but I grab on to his arm to stop him.  
"We don't know anything about this figure or the extent of its power.  I can sense that they are part human, a novice, knows the craft very well.  But you never know who else they are working with or their intention."  Lance looks at me thoughtfully as he takes in my warning.  I didn't notice my hand is still on his arm until I feel him turn to completely face me.  He places his arm around my waist and the touch gives off a nagging familiarity.  "Where do I know you from?  Being this close to you seems so right, like we've done this countless times before, but I just cannot pin point it," I say.
"Perhaps this will jog your memory," and with that he pulls me in close and lays the most passionate kiss on me.  My mind is a jumble of thoughts... no, memories... no, wait, thoughts are clouding my head.  Some are similar to my dreams and others completely foreign.  Disappointingly Lance breaks our hold and takes a half step back.  The look on my face must read unhappiness because Lance puts his head down.  "I'm sorry, I just thought maybe it was a good time to express my feelings for you."
"Lance, it was perfect and it did bring forth all these thoughts, but I'm still so confused."
"They are not thoughts," Lance says in frustration, "They are memories."  Unable to look into his eyes, I stare outside.  "I'm sorry, I guess I am expecting too much too soon."
"You and everyone else apparently."  I give him an annoyed look, which really isn't fair.  "Everyone expects me to take on a role I know nothing about."
"It is about knowing yourself, and your gifts."  Looking up into his eyes I find warmth, concern, and faith.  "We all know what you are capable of, and believe wholeheartedly that you will rise to the occasion.  But all of that means nothing if you cannot find it within yourself.  You are a Princess and will be Queen.  The sooner you start to accept it, the sooner you can embrace it.  My grandmother once told me the growth of one's power is not solely based on time and practice.  Belief plays an extremely important role."  I am not one for a lecture, but Lance is captivating.  He almost has me believing.  I decide to consider his words carefully rather than dismiss them.  He makes a valid point and at the end of the day, this town needs all the help it can get.
"I understand and will try, but it is a lot of pressure to put on someone.  I have not been given much of a chance to acclimate myself to the new environment and now I have unknown magical forces watching me.  The best is I don't know if they are necessarily bad."
"What do you mean, why would someone good be stalking you?"
"My father has a few people close to him keeping an eye out.  The being we scared off tonight could very well be working for him."  Lance appears to be mulling that over.  "We better get back to Vanessa and Archie."  We head back to the living room.  Right before coming down the two stairs leading into the room, we find Vanessa and Archie sitting on the sofa making out.  We look at each other, smile, and slowly back out of the entrance.  "Maybe we should give them a minute," I whisper.  Once out of ear shot, we both begin to hysterically laugh.
"Nice, well at least one of us gets the girl," Lance smirks.  At that moment Bash enters my mind and I tense up.  Noticing the difference in my demeanor Lance clears his throat and walks over to the entranceway window.  "You're thinking of him, aren't you?"
"Things are just moving too quickly for me.  I just moved to town and I am adjusting to school and my increase in power.  I have too much to figure out without throwing a relationship into the mix."  I feel terrible lying to Lance.  The truth is companionship is exactly what I want while I try figuring things out.  Dating someone who also possesses magical powers means that I will have someone that understands what I am going through.
"I get it.  Take all the time you need.  But know that I am waiting," Lance says with determination.  I swallow hard and my eyes widen.  The seriousness in his tone is scary and enticing all at the same time.  I turn to head back to the living room.  Although I feel bad interrupting the two love birds, I cannot take any more of the awkwardness and tension between Lance and myself.  I slowly walk into the living room and find the pair sitting slightly apart just talking.
"Hey guys, sorry I took so long."  I smile.
"Where were you two?" Vanessa asks suspiciously.  
"I thought I saw something out back when I went to get drinks.  Incidentally I forgot the drinks."
"We're good here, actually I better head home.  I have a project to get done for my chem 1 class." Archie stands up, walks up to Vanessa gallantly grabs her hand and places a kiss on her knuckles.  "Until we meet again my sweet."  Vanessa blushes.  Glad these two could come together, I give Lance a head nod signally him to go to the door giving them another moment of privacy.  We stare at each other for another moment and Lance reaches around me grabbing his jacket from the rack.
"I guess I better head out too.  Please be careful.  Whoever or whatever was out there will more likely be back.  There are some serious charms on this house so I doubt they can come in."  I look into Lance's eyes searching for more information, a better understanding of who he is to me.  Before I can respond Vanessa and Archie come from the sitting room.  
"Thanks Maddie for your hospitality, this indeed seems to be quite a beneficial study group," Archie says as Vanessa giggles.
"Thanks, Archie, I have learned quite a bit myself," I say while side glancing Lance.  After an exchange of goodbyes between the four of us, the guys leave.  Vanessa and I gush over her time at first base with Archie.  Vanessa graciously offers to help me clean up and once we are done she throws herself on the arm chair closest to the fire place.  I remain standing with my arms crossed.
"What?" Vanessa asks beaming at me.
"Well, not to be rude, but how long were you planning on staying tonight?"
"Oh, Princess, I can't leave you unattended.  It's important that one of us stays with you at all times.  If I don't stay in the house, I'll have to wait outside, and it's a bit nippy out there."  Realizing I am not getting rid of her anytime soon, I sit on the adjacent chair thinking about what to do next.
"You know Vanessa you seem to know a great deal about me and my family."
"Well of course, you guys are royalty, and besides your mother's family has made quite a name for themselves in other realms.  They have saved countless lives.  So has your father for that matter."  Vanessa sounds a bit star struck as she speaks about my family.
"My mother disappeared when I was young and there's so much I do not know about my lineage.  Perhaps you could fill in the blanks?"
"Oh it would be my honor you're Highness.  What would you like to know?"  Thinking I should tread carefully I start with the most basic of questions.
"Who is the most well-known member of my family?" I ask hoping this question didn't seem too mundane.
"Well that's a tough one since pretty much every member played a significant role in our history.  Some good and bad roles, but important none the less.  I would say His Royal Highness King Patrick.  He not only ruled fairly but risked his own life to save the lives of countless others.  His magic was like none other and it was very rare for someone to be evenly matched with him.  There was a threat of a hostile takeover in one of the European kingdoms.  King Patrick would not allow anyone to take the post of his allies.  He put an army together of ten, which he lead himself.  As the story goes when he reached the waters separating the United Kingdom and France their opponents laughed."
"They laughed," I said in shock.  "I guess my great great great great grandfather did not appear menacing enough?"
"You can just imagine a small ship with only ten people on board coming to face an army of thousands.  I am sure I would like my odds in that situation too.  However if my opponent was King Patrick, I would reconsider the reason to fight as well.  He was extremely powerful and calculating."  The seriousness in Vanessa's words did not resonate well with me.   I stop and wonder if I will ever be powerful enough to instill that sort of fear.  Vanessa was getting ready to continue when we hear keys in the door.  She instinctively runs to stand in front of me as Amelia enters the home.  We both give a sigh of relief and laugh at each other.
"Oh, hello girls, how did the study session go?  Amelia asks as she enters the house.  She has quite a few shopping bags, so Vanessa and I move quickly to help.  As I grab some of the bags I can't help notice the things in the bags are not your garden variety supermarket products.  I glance over at Amelia as she smiles brightly.  Once Vanessa leaves I will lay all the cards on the table with Amelia.  It is now time I accept her whole-heartedly as the ally I believe her to be.  Besides she's been around considerably longer than Grams and may have a few more tricks up her sleeve.
Chapter 11
After showing Vanessa out I wander into the kitchen to get a closer look at Amelia's "groceries".  "Can I help you unpack the groceries?"  I ask sweetly.
"Oh these aren't groceries dear, but sure."  Amelia knowingly smiles at me.  Figuring the jig is up, I decide to just come out and ask.
"Are these ingredients for a particular spell?"
She once again smiles before responding, "no, just commonly used ones that we were beginning to run out of."  Amelia continues to unpack everything neatly into a china cabinet I never noticed.  Every item has a bin labeled on the shelves.  On the top shelves are various dried up petals of various flowers, followed by herbs, a collection of animal parts and organs, and on the bottom shelf candles of different colors and sizes.  
"What books do you refer to when performing spells?" I ask wondering how similar our collection might be.
"Most are from diaries kept by witches who are friends of my family as well as some that my family have acquired over the years.  Perhaps one day you and I can swap recipes," Amelia said with a wink.  "I would imagine the books you keep are filled with some great ones considering your family lineage."
"They are quite large and extensive, and some are in diary form too.  But wait, how did you know I have spell books?"  I look suspiciously at her.  I begin to worry that she has entered into my alter.  With all her power I could see her easily penetrating my defensive spells.
"Remember dear I can sense magic, even more so of the family I am watching over.  I am aware of your alter, however I cannot, nor would I enter it without your permission.  The charm you placed over it is extreme and I doubt anyone could penetrate it.  Although I would have loved to watch your mother try."  She giggles but I still detect a hint of sadness.  Her smile barely reaches her eyes and I can tell she misses her too.  I look into her eyes and Amelia opens her mouth as if she is about to say something.  She immediately decides against it and continues to put items away.  I sit on the stool continuing to take inventory.  "You are more than welcome to take what you need, but please practice wisely."
"Always, and thank you."  After Amelia finishes placing the last candle in its designated spot she closes the doors and the cabinet recedes within the wall.  In seconds the cabinet is gone.  "Well that explains why I never noticed it before."  Amelia glances at me with a smile.  "There is something you might be able to help me with.  I have been asked to train a group new to the craft and I had planned to stick to the basics, but I wanted to make it entertaining for them as well.  Any ideas?"
"My favorite game to play when practicing magic was Orb Ball," Amelia said with excitement.
"What's Orb Ball?" I ask.
"Have you never played?" she says with surprise.
"It's like paintball but with magical orbs instead."
"That sounds like it's also a lot more painful than paintball too."
"It can be if the wrong spell is used, but you begin with teaching them to make orbs of dirt, dust, or even clouds.  All three are annoying to get hit with but not painful in the least.  This will also teach them how to channel nature as well as to keep calm.  Getting hit a few times with a ball of dust and you will eventually want to strike back with water or even fire.  They must learn to remain calm and maintain focus just to pull either of the three things from the Earth or sky," Amelia explains.  
"It sounds like a fun lesson and if I put them in a team together maybe I can help acclimate them even quicker into a coven.  They are going to need more guidance than tutelage at some point.  Thanks, Amelia, great idea!"  I beam.  I run upstairs to grab my cell and make some calls.  After confirming a place and time for the game with Bash, I call my new friends to help put together a team.  It was easy to get the three girls to agree, I then thought about Lance.  Considering the way him and Bash feel about me maybe it was best to keep them apart.  I decide to make Bash and I team captains and I will work with the newbies as we go against Bash, Hailey, Vanessa, and Jessenia.  That would mean I would have an extra teammate but considering they are all new at this I am working with a severe handicap.  I turn on my laptop and pull up a map of the park the game/lesson would be held.  The goal will be to capture a flag strategically placed in the center of the park.  Picking the perfect spot, I pull up my altar to perform my nightly incantations and begin pulling spells that will help my team draw energy and weapons from nature.  After a full night of studying and preparation for tomorrow's lesson I am exhausted.  I grab my pajamas and head into my bathroom to shower.
After drying my hair and wrapping it up, I hang my towel and put my clothes in the hamper.  Looking at the hamper it dawns on me that it is always empty, as if Amelia did laundry on an hourly basis.  Well that's not environmentally friendly not to mention cost effective.  Shaking the random thought I go back into my room and feel a shift in the atmosphere.  Someone has been in my room and the remnants of their magic left behind is strong.
My defenses automatically go into action and I close my eyes attempting to figure out where the magic is focused on the most.  Taking slow, thoughtful steps I follow the magic right to the front of my closet.  The force is the strongest as I open my closet door.  Someone has attempted to penetrate my altar.  I can only gather the essence of the individual, which could only mean he or she used astral projection to travel in and out of my room.  Closing my eyes I work to absorb the remaining flecks of magic.  Using a recognition spell I try to put the pieces together to form a face.  The form appearing before me was blurry and far away.  I could tell it was a woman with long blonde hair.  Taking another deep breath I try clearing the picture in my mind.  Almost instantly the figure disappears and I am left with a feeling of emptiness.  What a strange reaction, I think to myself.  I sit at the edge of the bed trying to once again pull up the figure.  Having no luck, I crawl under the covers and close my eyes.  Grams always said dreams were a doorway to the mind.  Let's hope my dreams had the key to unlocking the identity of my mystery visitor.
Running through the field I giggle while trying to catch up to her.  She looks like an angel with her long brown hair shining in the sunlight.  I am gaining on her and knew she was going to let me win.  Mere feet away I yell, "I'm going to get you mommy, just you wait."  Her laughter is unlike anyone else's, and her smile can turn the darkest day bright.  Finally close enough to reach, I grab onto her dress and we both come tumbling down.  Adding to our amusement she begins tickling me.  "Ha, ha, mommy, ha, ha, I can't breathe, ha, ha," I say jokingly.  She scoops me into her arms and hugs me like it is going to be the last time.
"Sweetheart always remember to enjoy life, but never put your guard down.  The one's closest to you will support and guide you, if you allow them.  How it saddens me that I will miss my little lady growing up and become the Queen the world needs."  I look into her sad eyes and her smile that barely reaches her cheek.  "Do not worry, my love.  We will be together again."
"What do you mean mommy?  You will forever reign and I will always be your little Princess."  Why this happy moment seems to be turning into a final goodbye, I did not understand, but the look on my mother's face shows she is tired of fighting.  Holding hands we slowly stand up and face the cliff.  Suddenly the trees to our left rustle, which is strange because the wind is still as a statue.  My mother protectively stands in front of me facing the trees.  A bright red light grows from the center and just as it appears all consuming a figure manifests.  Peering through the gap between my mother's body and her arm, I can see a gorgeous man with shoulder length wavy hair and muscles for days.  "Stand back!" my mother shouts.  The man simply smiles and tilts his head to get a better look at me.
"You know it is time."
"I'm not ready, she's still too small.  I have to explain more things to her, teach her.  I can't leave her yet."  My mother's pleading increases the fear in my heart.  I once saw my mother protect herself from an intruder using a bright light.  I never understood where it came from, but I was holding on to her hand tightly, trying to force her with my mind to do it again.
"You can come willingly or with a fight, but either way you know how this will end."  My mother turns toward me and kneels down once more.  
"Sweetheart I need for you to be strong and brave.  I have to go away?for a while."  My eyes widen in horror.  "Remember all that I have taught you and mind your grandmother.  She will teach you so many important lessons, but you have to remain open to it and obey her rules."  My mother faces the man who has a look of indifference and is tapping his foot showing a lack of concern.  "There is one more thing you must promise me."  I stare into my mother's eyes praying she will fight back and not leave me.  "You must never come looking for me."  I open my mouth in shock but nod in agreement.
Abruptly I wake up completely drenched in sweat.  I can't believe how real that dream felt.  Sitting up I replay the scene in my mind.  A light bulb went off in my head.  The reason it seemed so real was because it wasn't a dream but a memory.  OMG, I think to myself, I remember that day like it was yesterday.  It was the day my mother went missing.  I was there when she left, which means Grams or my mother must have blocked my memory to keep me from searching for her.  This realization left me hurt and confused.  Why didn't she want me to find her?  And where has she been all these years?  "My mother is still alive, I am sure of it," I whisper to myself.  Slowly getting out of bed I walk over to my window and look out at the quiet street.  I glance at the clock, it is 8:00am on Saturday.  Since I am as prepared as I can be for tonight's lesson, I decide to start my search.  "I'm sorry mom, but I have to break my promise."
Chapter 12
After my shower I dress and head down stairs for breakfast.  I am surprised to find my father drinking coffee and engaging in a conversation with Amelia who is cooking breakfast.  "Good morning," I say interrupting their conversation.  
"Good Morning Maddie, did you sleep well?" asks Amelia.  "You look a bit tired."
"Yes, thank you.  I was up pretty late putting together a plan for the orb ball les, um game," I quickly correct myself.  Unsure of what my father will say about my magical tutoring gig, I decide not to share it with him.  Amelia picking up on my reluctance prepares to change the subject before my father interjects.
"Orb ball?  You are playing orb ball?  My father looks at me skeptically.
"Yes, it sounds like fun."
"With whom and where will you be playing?"  My father put down his cup of coffee turning his whole body to face me.
"Hailey, Jessenia, Vanessa, and my friend Sebastian as well as some of his other friends."
"And who is this friend, Sebastian?" I recognize a sliver of a smile on my father's face.
"You know exactly, who Sebastian is since his family and yours are quite close.  Perhaps you could fill me in on a few things about him," I retort smirking right back.
"Oh, that Sebastian, yes of course.  Well I can tell you that I know he'll protect you well."
"And how are you so sure of that, father?" I ask.
"Because he'll have me to contend with if he doesn't," my father says as he stands dropping his cup into the sink.  Making a quick exit he makes a move toward Amelia and stops immediately.  I smile as she begins to blush.
"I figured you two out my second day here.  No need to hide it now."  They both look at me in shock.  To ease the awkwardness I take my plate with me out to the den.  I sit on one of the rockers and start looking through my social media apps.  The truth is I wasn't sure about the two of them but my father's natural inclination to give her a kiss goodbye said it all.  I smile thinking about their shocked expressions.  Perusing through the various status updates I notice a number of friend requests sitting in my inbox.  I click on the icon to check them out.  I notice Vanessa, Jessenia, Lance, and Bash have sent me requests.  Wait a minute, I think, why hasn't Hailey sent me one?  Then I acknowledge an even trickier dilemma.  Would it be weird to friend both Lance and Bash.  I mean it's not a declaration of a relationship or anything.  Mulling it over for another few seconds I shrug my shoulders and approve all four requests.
I finish my breakfast and head back into the kitchen.  I find Amelia cleaning up and offer to clean my dish when she's done.
"Nonsense dear, I'll take care of it.  Um, are you okay?" I panic at her question wondering if something is out of place with my hair or makeup.
"Yes, why do you ask?"
"I mean with your father and I.  You know being together.  I hope you approve," Amelia adds shyly.
"Of course it's fine.  I mean my mother has been gone for years, I would hope my father would have found someone again," I say to assure her.  Not sure if my father knows the truth about my mother, I am happy he is able to move on.  Amelia smiles back and continues on with her cleaning.  "I'll be in the library if you need me."
"Okay dear, are you researching anything in particular?  I single-handedly catalogued the books, so let me know if there's something you can't find."
"Thank you Amelia."  I head to the library completely disregarding Amelia's question.  I decide to research the park, hoping to find information on the history of the town.  My dream has me in full investigation mode, and I want to start with finding out if anyone else has disappeared in the park my mother and I were playing in that day.  I pull out an atlas to look at a map of the state.  Realizing the number of parks within the state I slam the book closed.  "I am seriously the most archaic college student on the planet.  Why on Earth am I not using google," I say to myself.  I run upstairs to grab my laptop and bring it back into the library.  While waiting for it to power up, I stare at the atlas and think to myself I am also the most lazy witch on the planet.  I lay the atlas on my lap, close my eyes, and hover my hands over the book.
Going back in time and space
Bring me back to that notorious place
As the book opens my hair is blown by the wind created by the ruffling of pages.  Seconds later the book stops and lays open to Saddle Brook Park on the border of Saddle Brook and Rochelle Park.  That's not far from home at all, and interesting enough it is the same location I chose for tonight's orb ball game.  I turn to the laptop, sign in, and bring up google.  My first order of business is to check on the history of the area.  There was nothing much out of the ordinary there, so I begin looking into local newspapers to find out about any disappearances.  The first article that comes up on the Bergen Record's website is about my mother.  According to the article the lack of evidence suggests my mother abandoned me in the park.  I recall hearing the police question my father and grandmother about her mental state.  Investigators operated on the mind frame that she no longer wanted to deal with motherhood, or that she was possibly depressed.  I would have thought the same, except a week after she had gone missing I overheard my grams and father talking.
"I have met with every supernatural leader in the underworld as well as up here.  No one has seen or heard of anything concerning Savie's disappearance, but I know she did not just up and leave," my father said with angst.
"Of course she didn't Xavie, my daughter would never leave her family behind unless absolutely necessary," grams replied. 
"Have you conferred with the witch's counsel?  Isn't there some sort of protocol to follow when one of your own go missing?"  My father stood up from behind his desk and began pacing around.  He stopped at the bottom of a winding staircase.  "Let's confer with the book.  Surely it will have some answers," my father said hopeful.
"No, the book will be of no help.  It works to guide future magical leaders not give a glimpse into the past," grams added dismissively.  My father glared at her like she was hiding something.
"You know you seem to be making light of the situation.  Consulting with the book is worth a shot.  What do we have to lose?" father asked pleading.
"It will not work and the book will be of no help.  Just leave it alone Xavie."  My grams stood up and headed toward the door.  I quickly ran toward the kitchen jumping onto a barstool to eat my then soggy cereal.  I never spoke to either one of them about what I heard.  But it was one of many conversations that gave me the idea that there was more to the story than I was being told.
Considering my father's request to speak with the book, I thought he just might have been on to something.  Later I would do the same, and perhaps the book can tell me about what it saw for my mother's future.  That could also be the key to why someone wanted to take her out of the equation.  Looking further down the list of articles, I find one nearly forty years prior to my mother going missing.  The details of the case are identical, right down to their disappearance.  The story states a woman takes her daughter for a stroll in the park, where she vanishes leaving her young daughter behind.  Opening the articles side by side, I take a closer look at the pictures of the two women.  They almost look like sisters and I wonder if they are related in some way.  In the Wiccan community majority of the natural born practitioners derive from the Castillo or Langston covens, making it likely you could meet a witch or warlock you are related to somewhere down the line.  Going further down the list of disappearances I find almost fifty years from the second is another disappearance with the same details.  This time there was no picture available of the woman, but I wouldn't be too surprised if the woman looks the same.  I take note of her name and continue on with my search.
After about another half hour I decide to take my research upstairs to the infamous book.  Turning to a fresh new page I begin to stroke the binding of the book to awaken it from its slumber.
"Princess, hope all is well.  Have you solved some of my riddles, as you called them, or have you come to the realization they are actually vital pieces of information?"  I suspect if the book had a full face it would be more obvious that it was smirking and grinning at me.
"I have actually come with more questions, that will probably lead to more riddles for me to solve, or vital pieces of information, as you call it," I say with a sarcastic tone.  The eye of the book stares back at me without so much as a blink.  Expecting it to respond with something equally as sardonic I wait.
"Well?" the book says impatiently.  I clear my throat and shoot off my questions.  My first is the hardest and most difficult to swallow, because the answer will tell me immediately if my research is fruitless.
"What did my mother's future entail before her disappearance?"
"Ooo, finally she puts her thinking cap on.  Hmm she was supposed to be an advisor to the most powerful Queen of?well where has yet to be determined."  Realizing the book is most likely referring to me, I become anxious at the thought of learning more about my mother leading to learning more about me.
Operating on the idea that she isn't dead I take a leap of faith and ask, "What does her future entail now?"  The eye of the book seems to get wider as it appears to be thinking.
"Her future, clever girl, is still the same," the book responds quickly.  Holy crap, my suspicions are right.  My mother is still alive.  I take a moment to calm myself down and to strategize.  My next question needs to flow toward the direction of all the vanishings if I have any hope of figuring out where she has gone.
"The area where my mother went missing is also the site of at least two other missing reports over the last 50 years," I state.
"Is there a question in that statement?  If so I missed it," the book says in a snarky tone.  Someone clearly is not okay with being outsmarted.
"Were the other women who went missing also witches?"  It was a mundane question but I was hoping it would buy me time to consider an approach that would lead back to my mother.
Completely ignoring my question the book retaliates with a riddle.  "The course of each are necessary and true, return or not is not up to me or you."  Right, I think to myself.  This is clearly going downhill.
"Is it the individual's decision to return and fulfill their future?"
"I am so glad you realize the future represents the past, but when dear Princess will you start to focus on your future?"  The book presents a good question, but how could I focus on myself when I have a mother to find and a mystery to solve.
"My future is shaped by the events of my family's past.  I want to understand how and why so that I can make informed decisions about my future.  With that said, does each witch make the decision to return?"
"As you wish Princess, but be careful of questions you may not really want the answers to."  The book was really starting to annoy me.  "Yes, the decision is theirs and only theirs to make," the book says finally answering a question.  And as usual it is right.  I feel my heart breaking.  My mother has had the option to return to me and she hasn't! 
Not wanting to show the book just how upset I really am, I close my notebook, and say, "thank you for your time and wisdom.  Oh and holding back on the riddles."
"Princess I am here to assist you just as I have the other women of the Castillo family.  Use the information you have learned wisely, and remember despite what you uncover it is your future that is most important right now.  Your future affects more people than you know."  And with that the book closes its eyelid and I place it back on my normally hidden book shelf.  I pull out an even larger book that holds my family's history, recipes, and spells.  The first five pages consist of our family tree dating back 500 years.  Looking back the past hundred years I find the names of the two other missing women.  Both related to me and bear a striking resemblance to my mother and me since my looks favor her.  I wonder if this is a rite of passage for every woman in my family.  I think it is time for the interview portion of my research.  I have to call my grams and make her lay all the cards out on the table.  It is well after 1pm and my stomach is growling.  I decide to head down to the kitchen to grab some lunch before making what is going to be a tense call.
After making a sandwich and a refreshing glass of iced green tea, I take advantage of Amelia's absence and wash my own plate and cup.  Drying my hands, I head back upstairs to call grams and see what information I can get out of her.  Listening to the ringing I wait anxiously.  
"Hello you have reached Gwendolyn Adams-Mendez, I can't come to the phone right now, but if you leave your name, number, and a brief message I will get back to you as soon as possible.
"Grams it's Maddie and its urgent.  I love you and need you and your honesty more than ever."  I throw the last bit in not only because it is true but also because I know she will feel guilty and call me sooner.  Hanging up the phone I lay down across my bed and start thinking about what I have learned.  It is almost three and I plan on meeting everyone at the entrance of the park at five.  The confirmation of my mother still being alive hits me like a ton of bricks and completely exhausts me.  Before I know it I am fast asleep.
Running through the woods trying to catch my breath I look behind me to find a little girl sporting a wide smile, and soft curls streaming down running behind me.  "Momma wait for me," she yells in between her giggles.  I think to pick up my speed as she gets closer and then I take in our surroundings.  We are here, at the park where it all happened so many times before.  No one will take me from my little girl, I think in my head.  Instinctively I go into momma bear mode turn toward my daughter and scoop her up in my arms.  Smiling at her to prevent any alarm I swing her around.  "Yippeee, momma, again, again!" she exclaims.  Feeling myself getting too dizzy I stop and drop to the ground lifting my little one so that she falls on top of me.  "Are you going bye bye, momma?" she asks with sadness in her voice.
"No baby, why would you say that?"  I hold my daughter close trying to fill her with assurance.
"Well isn't it time?"  She turns her head to the side and looks over my shoulder.
"It is time for momma to go but she will be back sweetheart," says a familiar voice.  I turn to find Bash coming up behind us.  I quickly get up guarding my daughter from him.  "Babe, what are you doing?  I know this is hard, it's hard for me too.  I can't tell you enough how much I'm going to miss you."
"You are not taking me away from her, I am not going anywhere," I shout.  
"Maddie what are you talking about?  You must.  We discussed this over and over again.  I don't want you to go either, but this is a rite of passage for every witch.  More so for the Queen!"  Bash looks at me with love, understanding, and sorrow in his eyes.  "I will take care of Sophia and before you know it you will be back with us.  Honey you are not your mother," he says catching me off guard.
"What are you talking about?"
"I know you are afraid of doing to Sophie what your mother did to you, but Maddie you are not your mother and I am not your father.  I will take care of our daughter."  I feel like I am hit with a ton of bricks.  He said our daughter.  Does this mean I have chosen the dark?  Am I Queen of the Underworld?  No this can't be right, I think to myself.
"No, you are wrong.  I don't know what you are talking about and I am not leaving MY Daughter I emphasize.  Holding Sophia tighter I begin to run.  Bash is running behind us yelling for me to stop.  I push on looking ahead forcing myself not to look back.  I can see a clearing and I pray it is the exit to the park.  As I draw near it is the cliff, the same cliff I last remember seeing my mother.
I wake up panting and finding it difficult to breath.  Was that a dream or a premonition?  Once I'm able to catch my breath I look over at the cable box to check the time.  I have enough time to take a quick shower and head to the park.  Sitting up in bed I take a moment to think about my dream.  My dreams seem to be trying to remind me of things that I already know.  This must be what the book's riddle about asking the right questions is all about.  My thoughts lean toward the idea that everyone is lying to me.  Perhaps what's really going on is they are waiting for me to make my own discoveries.  I am looking forward to wrapping up tonight's lesson so I can get home and go back to sleep.  It is becoming more evident that my dreams hold the knowledge of my mother's disappearance and my future.
With a deep sigh I climb out of bed and head into my bathroom.  Showered and dressed I double check my bag for supplies, grab my black leather jacket, and head out.  Saying goodbye to Amelia, I thank her once again for the idea and head out the door.  Once in my car I choose a radio station and pull out the driveway.  The park is only about a mile from home but it is one of the largest in the area.  The map shows the park is an expansive 577 acres, perfect for tonight's festivities.  Ten minutes later I enter the park and park my car next to Bash's blood red Charger.  Just as I turn off my car Bash is opening my door.  "Good evening Princess, perfect night isn't it?  Bash's voice is smooth like silk and sends shivers down my body.  I instantly feel a pang of guilt as I think of Lance and how his voice feels like home.
"Hello Bash, I actually think it's a bit chilly.  How are you?" I add cordially in an attempt to mask my interest.
"Princess, every minute I am with you is perfect, certainly you must know how I feel about you.  There's no use in trying to deny our feelings, although I sense your hesitation.  I suspect it has something to do with the blood sucker," Bash says in a very matter-of -fact tone.  
"What do you mean?" I ask trying to feign ignorance.
"Well I see the way he looks at you, and your heart rate accelerates when you see him.  And I have had dreams.  Dreams as you may well know are very telling.  But the most prominent piece of proof of his intentions is the fact that he is here.  I assume you extended an invitation to him?  Bash's glint of annoyance was starting to anger me.
"He's here?!?  No, I didn't invite him," I respond sternly.
"Perhaps we should inquire as to why he just happens to be in the park at the same time as we are."  And with that Bash grabs my bag and my hand and marches over to where Lance and Hailey are standing.  I pull my hand away and give Bash a "behave" kind of look.  I couldn't help notice the flash of anger in Lance's eyes as Bash and I approach.  Hailey on the other hand has a very knowing look on her face, and I suspect she is the reason why Lance is here tonight.
"Well hello there, Maddie, Bash," Hailey says nodding to the both of us.  "Bash you know Lance, right?"
"Yes, I've seen him around."  Bash barely looking at Lance, says, "Hello."
"Hey, Lance," I said moving to the center of the group.  "What are you doing here?"  Bash smiles at my annoyed look.
"I was invited to play along.  Although I have to admit I was hurt you didn't invite me yourself Maddie."  I could see the disappointment in his eyes, but the thick cloud of tension swirling around us was exactly what I was trying to avoid. 
I turn toward Bash, "where are these students?"  Just as I finish my question a Hummer SUV comes speeding into the parking lot blaring Ludacris's Get Out the Way.  Attempting to stifle a giggle I turn to give the girls a look.  The music shuts off as the five guys whose orb ball prank I demolished start pouring out of the truck.  Being the shortest of the group, the guys turn to Hailey expectantly.
"I am not your teacher you pubescent imbeciles.  Maddie is the powerful and patient one," she says while pointing at me.  They all turn toward me and look at each other with a lack of confidence.  Well if controlling and demolishing an orb ball while not disrupting class wasn't impressive enough perhaps they need another Demonstration of my capabilities.
Turbo Consumere
Only over here
I shout out the spell while channeling my energy around the boys.  A blue line surrounds them as fear grips their inner core.  The line expands turning into a glowing, all-consuming, cyclone.  Each begin to yell as they are swept up in the tunnel and rising into the air.  Everyone else bursts into fits of laughter.  Once I feel the boys have had enough I yell, "tranquill!"  And with that they each come tumbling down to the ground just to land softly on their feet.
"Whoa, that was amazing, can we do that again?" tallest one asks.  
"I'll think about it, but first why don't we start with introductions," I say with a smirk.
"Don't mess with your teacher, kiddies," Hailey chimes in boastfully.
"Hi I'm Brandon waves the giant, and this is Carl, James, Neil, and Anthony.  Thank you for taking the time out to teach us.  We will be loyal, responsible, and attentive members of your coven.  Your acceptance means more to us than you know." Brandon appears to be the leader of the group and very well spoken.
"First of all guys we are not a coven, just a good group of friends.  I turn to the girls as they beam smiles at me.  Secondly, we are happy to help teach you the basics, and work to find a coven for you to join and continue to learn from.  In the meantime if you have any questions or problems you should contact one of us.  You must be careful when practicing on your own.  You do not want to be seen and most importantly you do not want to get hurt or hurt anyone else."  The guys each nod in acceptance except for Neil.  The look on his face says he is struggling, I take a peek in his mind and discover he did not trust us and he most certainly did not trust Bash.
Apparently Bash made promises he didn't fulfill.  I will have to find a way to get some alone time with Neil to find out the story behind that.  "Okay, today we are going to start our lesson with a game.  I know from experience you all know how to create an orb ball, but do you really know how to control them?  Tonight's game is called Orb Ball and it is similar to a paintball challenge.  There is a blue and red flag placed in the center of the park, we will break up into two teams and the goal is to claim the flag of the opposing team.  Getting to the flag is where the challenge and lesson lie.  You must not only create and execute non-damaging orbs using nature in the hopes of delaying your opponents but you must also defend yourself from getting hit."
"Is there really such a thing as an orb that doesn't cause damage?" Neil asked cynically.
"Yes, Neil there is.  It begins with learning to control your energy.  Once you have done so you can use the energy from anything around you to form the balls.  It takes a lot of patience and discipline.  Two things you will find hard to maintain while trying to protect yourself from getting hit.  Tonight, we will use the dirt to make the balls."
"Why can't we just use our own energy?" asks Neil.
"Because there are going to be situations where you're power is not your greatest weapon.  The elements, nature, everything you find around can help save you from a threat.  In addition you need to respect your environment and when you do you will have more of an appreciation for the powers that lie within."  I wait for Neil to come up with another snarky question or remark.  When all remain silent, I continue on with the lesson.
Ladies, Bash, and Lance please create a small orb," I look around at my friends and join in creating an orb of my own.  "Great, now take a look around at the different color orbs each of us has created."  Looking toward the five boys I say, "notice the difference in brightness, size, and stability in each of our balls." Anthony begins to snicker.
"She said look at their balls, ha ha."  Brandon smacks Anthony on the head with his available hand.  I smile briefly, but realize if I wante their attention and respect I had to be more commanding.
"Focus!"  I yell.  Anthony frowns and continues to monitor the spheres created by my friends.  I distinguish my orb and everyone else follows suit.
"Okay, Brandon, you first.  I want you to visualize yourself pushing your power to the back of your mind.  Look down at the ground and watch the energy from the dirt fly toward you forming a small sphere."  Brandon takes a deep breath and stares intently to the ground, and shortly after his gaze goes into his orb.  After a few seconds his orb becomes a little smaller and goes from a dark purple to lavender.
"Perfect.  Anthony you next."  Anthony begins to squint as he tries decreasing his orb, however he started to have the opposite effect.  His sphere grows and goes from orange to an almost crimson color.  "It's okay Anthony," I say as he looks at me with fear.  "Close your eyes," he looks at me hesitantly, "trust me it's okay."  He closes his eyes.  "Think of the last time you had a good laugh, and my guess is 2 seconds ago when I said the word "balls" is going to come to mind."  It works and Anthony chuckles while keeping his eyes closed.  "Good no pressure, just fun and relaxation.  Now try envisioning your orb getting smaller and dimmer."  He takes a little longer than Brandon but his orb decreases a sea in size, returning to orange, and then eventually to an even paler shade.  "Great job Anthony!"  He opens his eyes in excitement and pride.
"Yea, great job bro, I knew you could do it," said Brandon encouragingly.  They high five each other and I look over at Neil who is rolling his eyes.
"Alrighty Neil, you are up."  He looks annoyed and while maintaining his glare at me he creates a small ball in a surprisingly pale blush.  "Well done," I say curtly.  "Carl now you."  We all wait expectantly as Carl takes a deep breath and attempts to change the medium sized forest green globe he went ahead and created, into a smaller, lighter sphere.  Instead the orb just disappears.  Looking disappointed, Carl starts to blush.  "That's okay, try it again, this time when you are creating your orb visualize the soil coming together to form the ball.  You don't want to hurt anyone so you just want something like the size of a lime."  Carl is taken aback by my description but he nods, closes his eyes and gives it a try.   In no time Carl creates a cantaloupe sized lime.  "Okay, a little bigger than a lime, but at least you won't kill anyone." I say with a chuckle.  I turn to face the rest of the group as they gawk at me wide-eyed.  Alright, last but not least, James let's see what you've got."  
James keeps himself slightly hidden behind Neil with his head down.  I walk over to Neil and James.  "James I know you don't know me, I know none of you know me, but I am honest about wanting to help you guys.  I was very young and scared when my powers began to strengthen and I had just lost my mother.  Luckily for me I had my grams, you guys, you all have each of us.  I turn pointing at my friends.  We will guide and protect you to the best of our abilities.  But in order to learn you have to trust us and believe in yourselves.  I reach out my hand to James.  He looks nervously at me, but extends out his hand anyway.  "Take a deep breath."  James did so and closes his eyes.  After unleashing a state of calm over him, I place my hand under his feeling his energy as he brings a small orb to fruition.  His orb grows from a light brown walnut size to a grapefruit sized ball.  He is able to maintain the light color which does not surprise me, but when against someone looking to harm him he's going to have to shake the nerves.  James opens his eyes and they are bright with excitement.  His joy gets the best of him and his orb grows to the size of a watermelon.  "Whoa, buddy, just relax."  James immediately brings his ball back down to a decent size.  "Great job everyone, I am glad to see I am not working with amateurs."  I beam at the group and even Neil gives a smile that almost reaches his eyes.
I break up the group into two teams with Bash as the leader of one and myself the captain of the other.  We divide the boys putting Brandon and Carl with Bash, and Neil, James, and Anthony with me.  Vanessa and Hailey join Bash, and I take Lance and Jessenia.  Lance has a snarky smile on his face as he moves closer to me, whereas Bash is seething.  My mind is solely on the boys and what is best for this lesson.  I will have to deal with the testosterone battle later. My team has the blue flag and Bash's team has red.  I give each team ten minutes to come up with a strategy.  Once the time is up we are off, dodging and releasing orbs.  Once each person is cloaked by the night and trees the fun begins.  I can see in the distance Neil and James attempting to hide behind the same tree.  This will get them hit instantly, so I skulk my way toward them.  Coming from behind a tree directly behind them I whisper, "You guys shouldn't?
"Aahhh," they yell in unison.
"Ssshh, be quiet," I warn, but it is too late.  Suddenly light red, grey, and lavender balls are coming our way.  I pull the two boys down with me and serve as a shield.  I allow my defenses to go up and cover them with an invisible armor.  The orbs land and dissipate before hitting us.  "Okay guys, you have to separate slightly.  Especially if you are going to hide behind trees.  Now stick to the plan and keep heading straight and stay along the river."  The two nod in agreement.  "I will cover you guys while you make your way to the shadows of that section over there," I say pointing toward a small clearing.  I turn toward the direction of the attack and catch a glimpse of Brandon and Bash.  Just as quickly as I can generate a light blue orb I am releasing it in their direction.  I aim low and at Bash hoping to keep him distracted while Neil and James run for the clearing.  Not realizing I have taken a shot at him Bash is hit unexpectedly.  "Go," I say to the boys.  
I continue shooting orbs in their direction as Neil and James approach their destination.  I briefly get a glimpse of Bash's dynamic smile as he changes locations leaving Brandon in his spot.  I turn and crouch down behind the closest tree, close my eyes and listen in for any footsteps.  Knowing Bash well I figure he will try sneaking up on me.  Sure enough I can hear rustling of leaves even though there is no wind.  He chooses an attack from above.  I search for his vibrations and can sense he is two trees away slowly making his way closer.  As he jumps to the tree closest to mine I unleash four small sky blue orbs in his direction.  Thump, went Bash's body as he lands on the ground.  "Ugh, well played Princess," he says giving me that jaw dropping smile.  I rise and begin to head over toward him, when he is struck by a light red orb the size of a pumpkin.  "Aah," yells Bash.  We turn and find Lance leaning against a tree looking too delicious, and laughing hysterically.
"That was completely uncalled for Lance," I shout.
"Do not concern yourself Princess, I can take care of this blood sucker," Bash says with confidence.  Bash attempts to get up but falls right back down.
"Come on you are hurt, stop being stubborn."  I hurry over to Bash and help him stand up, propping him up against a tree.  In sheer annoyance I create a marine blue orb the size of a melon and shoot it Lance's way.  Just as it is about to hit it grows excessively bigger and slams into him.  The look of shock on his face is gratifying, that is until it changes to a look of hurt.  My need to defend Bash is telling, or at least to Lance it is.  I can't take any more of the triangle I currently stand in.  I turn and run toward the clearing to catch up with the rest of my teammates.  Let the two of them slaughter each other.  It will certainly make my decision a lot easier.
Reaching the river I can see Jessenia, Neil, James, and Anthony in battle against Hailey and Vanessa.  I watch with pride as the three boys work to strategically unleash their orbs while using the available hand to deflect the ones coming their way.  It is amazing what they are able to learn in the ten minutes we took out to practice.  Sensing someone coming up behind me I turn to find Lance.  "So I guess your reason for not wanting to continue kissing me was because of the Demon.  You care for him, don't you?" Lance looks angry and hurt.  His eyes gaze deeply into mine.  As much as the truth will hurt him further, I feel like I owe it to him.
"I do have feelings for him, but I am not sure what they are or if I am even interested in acting on them."  This statement seems to mollify him and he moves closer to me.
"I'd like to take another shot at jogging your memories."  Thinking he is going to use telepathy or something similar I do not budge as he invades my personal space.  My body quickly reacts to his close proximity, more so especially when he pulls me in his arms and fiercely kisses me.  At first I tense up not sure if I should go there before making my final decision, but his scent, his touch, and longing for me to remember him got the best of me.  I open my mouth and allow his tongue entry.  His hands travel down and just as we work to deepen our kiss, a bright ivory orb catches my eye.  I use all my strength and weight to knock Lance down and out of the path of the orb.
"Get your hands off of what's mine," Bash said venomously.
"Excuse you!" I yell.  Before Bash can respond, a red fire ball is coming his way.  Bash dives out of the way and releases a dark almost grey ball in response.
"You want to play bloodsucker, bring it on."  Bash stands up and Lance squares his shoulders to match Bash's stance.
"You guys need to stop this, right now.  What kind of example are you setting for the five boys, seriously this has to," and suddenly I'm struck by this burning sensation and tossed 20 yards from the guys.  I am in and out trying to hold onto the voices around me.  My eyes are open but all I see is a bright light and a bunch of shadows floating around me.  Growing tired and dizzy of the ring-around-the-rosy routine being danced around me, I close my eyes and embrace the darkness.
Chapter 13
My eyes flutter open and I am laying on a king-size cloud, or at least it feels like a cloud, with the sounds of waves crashing soothing my aching head.  I slowly sit up and the pain goes from a dull throb to a steady pounding.  Closing my eyes to relax my mind, I will the pain away.  Once I am coherent and pain free I survey my surroundings.  The walls are a bright white, with one all glass wall providing a view of the... How the hell did I get to the beach?  I wonder to myself.  The fluffy, white comforter is warm and inviting.  Pulling the blanket off of me I realize I am no longer wearing what I wore in the park.  I have a lace, white night gown with Swarovski crystals lining the sweetheart neckline.  Throwing my legs off the bed, I stand to see the crystals also line the bottom.  My surroundings are magnificent but add to my confusion about where I am.  Right next to me are blue Manolo Blahnik, pumps at a perfect 4inches.  I reach down and find they are my size.  "What are the odds," I say out loud to myself.
"Only the best for my little Princess, I mean Queen," my father says as he stands by the door smiling.  "You look well rested sweetheart.  By far the prettiest bride I have ever seen, well next to your mom of course."
"I'm sorry, bride.  What, bride?!?"  The shock and confusion is overwhelming and my head begins to spin.  I sit back down on the bed, close my eyes, and begin to take long, deep breaths.  "Where are we?"
"Sweetheart, although you don't look hung over, I think you drank too much at the rehearsal dinner.  Here is some Tylenol and orange juice."
"Rehearsal dinner, bride, I don't understand.  The last thing I remember is playing orb ball with my friends and a bunch of amateur practitioners.  I don't get what the hell is going on."
"I have no idea what you've been dreaming about, but you need to get up, Don Javier is waiting in your bathroom to do your hair and makeup."  A light bulb goes off in my mind.
"Of course, this must be a dream."  My father tilts his head and looks at me with worry.  If this is a dream, and I am pretty sure it is, I should go through the motions and hope there is vital information that lies within.  Maybe this is a glimpse into my future.  "Um, you are probably right dad, I'm just hung over.  I'll finish up my orange juice and meet with Don Javier shortly."  My father nods but hangs by the door a moment longer unsure whether or not to leave me.  "I'm fine, I promise," I say with a beaming smile.  Satisfied he turns to leave.
"I'll be downstairs if you need me."
"Thanks dad," I say as I take a seat on the cloud bed.  Finally alone I get back up to search the room.  I begin with the closet as I open the doors the angels of heaven begin to serenade me as I step into the largest walk-in closet I have ever seen.  On the right clothes are organized by article and color.  The various shades of blue warm the cockles of my heart.  I walk further in and am in awe of the floor to ceiling shoe rack.  It really is a girl's dream come true.  I look to my left and it is all men's clothing.  The sleek black, grey, to blue suits look straight out of a GQ magazine.  I am guessing the wardrobe belongs to whomever my fiancé is supposed to be.  I am struck with dread as I think about my upcoming nuptials.  How far should I take this "dream" and is it really a premonition?  I wonder all this and more as I find myself in the middle of the closet looking at the expansive amount of accessories my fiancé and I possess.  Remembering the task at hand, I walk out of the closet giving it one more look and sigh as I close the doors.
I move over to the night stand and begin to rummage through.  In the top drawer I find a cell phone and power it on.  While waiting I find a book, a charging cord, and letters held together by rubber bands.  The return address is Massachusetts and my heart starts to ache as I think of Grams.  I am just about to pull out the first letter when I hear my phone's jingle that indicates it is fully on.  My mouth drops as I see the lock screen.  It is a picture of Bash and I standing on the edge of a cliff with a view of red mountains in the background.  He's standing behind me, holding me at the waist, both of us are smiling like two fools in love.
"I marry Bash, OMG!" I exclaim.
"My sentiments exactly Maddie."  I am taken back by the voice standing by the window.  It turns out the center of the floor to ceiling window is actually a door.  And standing looking as scrumptious as ever is Lance.
"Hi," I say shyly as I stand.
"Hello."  Lance looks me up and down before a taking a deep breath and exhaling.  "How can you marry Bash?"  He says without hesitation.  I quickly had an internal debate on whether or not to tell Lance about my dream theory and how important it is for me to see this to the end, or whenever I wake up.  I hope I wake up, I think with horror.
"Look I can't give you an explanation, but if I have gone this far with this decision it has to be what I think is for the best."
"What the hell does that mean, Maddie?  Do you love him?  You swore you would never marry for position.  Has something changed?"  Although I don't remember making that claim, it does sound a lot like me.
"It's really hard to explain, I'm sorry, but," before I could finish my sentence Lance grabs my face gently but with purpose and kisses me.  My body starts to shiver and I wrap my arms around him drawing him closer.  His hands move away from my face and down my body.  
"Get your bloodsucker hands off the Queen this instant!"  Lance and I maintain our hold but look over at the door.  Hailey is standing at the entrance with her arms crossed and a murderous look on her face.  We turn and look at each other.  
"Maddie you don't have to do this.  We can be together," Lance says almost pleading.  
"Why on Earth would she leave with you?  She loves Bash, and he has never betrayed her.  Unfortunately, we can't say the same for you," Hailey adds.  I look up at Lance, release my hold on him and take a step back.
"What is she talking about?" Both Lance and Hailey look at me with confusion in their eyes.  I exhale a sigh, "I know you are not going to believe me but, I'm dreaming."  They look at each other and then back at me.
"Maddie, I think all this wedding stuff and running the underworld has really gotten to you.  I think you should have some tea, while Don Javier begins your hair."  Hailey looks at me with concern.
"Look you two, I know it sounds crazy, but the last thing I remember before waking up in this room is playing orb ball in Saddle Brook Park.  I don't know anything about running the underworld, or marrying Bash."  I have my eyes facing the floor during my rant, and as soon as I am done I raise my eyes to the both of them.  Hailey closes the distance between us and places her hands palms up in front of me.  "What?" I ask.
"Place your hands palms down over mine."  I glance at Lance but do as I am told.  I take a deep breath and can feel a tingling coming from Hailey's energy, but nothing more.  Looking up at Hailey I expect to hear an explanation, but all I find is the wide open mouths of both Hailey and Lance.
"Okay, now you guys have to tell me what is going on."  Hailey drops her hand and looks at Lance.
"I believe you," Hailey says quietly.
"I don't want to push my luck, but why?" Lance is now sitting on my bed staring straight ahead clearly in deep thought.
"After the coronation you were gifted power from various powerful beings.  Placing our palms in that position should have caused a reaction.  I felt a lot of strength but nothing like you are supposed to possess.  And that can only mean that whatever version of Maddie you are has yet to be crowned.  You said the last thing you remember was all of us playing orb ball?"  I nod my answer too stunned to speak.  "That was five years ago, when you were training Brandon and his coven."
"Well I wouldn't exactly call the five boys a coven," I said with a giggle.  This broke the spell Lance was under prompting Hailey to give me another one of those, WTH looks.
"Clearly you don't know how well of a teacher you are either," Lance said.  "Brandon's group is one of the strongest covens in the world next to your own."  Shocked I look between the both of them and take a seat before I pass out.  
"Your Highness, there is something else we have to keep in mind now that you are here from the past," Hailey said killing the silence.  
"What is that?"
"Your presence could be altering the course life has taken you.  It is important that we get you back to your time, so that events do not change too drastically."
"Well, now let's think about this," Lance interjects.  Maddie you have a chance to get a glimpse of what your life would be like as Queen of the underworld, and wife to Sebastian.  If you stay a little longer you can get enough information to make a sound decision when you head back to your time."  Lance is making a good point and it would be foolish of me not to consider it.
"No, no, no, absolutely not!  You could alter all of our lives.  Lance I know exactly what you are up to.  You don't give a rat's about her feelings, you just want to be the one that wins."  Hailey speaks with venom.
"Hey, what is going on here, Don Javier has been waiting, and yes I know you are Queen, but really Madeline it's not polite.  What the hell is he doing here?"  My eyes open wide and tears begin streaming down my face.
"Mommy," I manage between sobs.  I bolt off the bed and jump into my mother' s confused arms.  "I just can't believe it, you're so beautiful, exactly how I remembered."
"Oh, well Don Javier does do a great job  I suppose.  I see this wedding has all of us going crazy."  My mother awkwardly maintains a hold on me as I rock us from side to side.  Words to describe what I am feeling at that moment fail me.  I still cannot believe I have my mother with me at this moment, calming me down on my wedding day.  To say this is a dream come true is an understatement.  Pulling my face up to meet hers, my mother wipes my face of my tears, and kisses my forehead.  It is the look of concern on Hailey's face that snaps me back into reality.  It is comforting to know I will have my mother once again in my life, but I have to accept the time is not now.
"I just need one more minute with Hailey and Lance.  I'll be right behind you," I assure her.  She looks suspiciously at Lance, at me, turns and heads toward the door.  She pauses for a moment scowling at Lance once more.  Once she is gone from view, I turn toward Lance.
"Why is everyone glaring at you?  What have you done in the past five years to alienate yourself from the group?" I ask tersely.
"What makes you think I've done something?" Lance asks defensively.
"You wouldn't have been sneaking in through my bedroom window.  Instead you would be here with a tux on waiting for the ceremony to start."  The look of shock is obvious but only for a brief moment.  He replaces the look with a sly smile.
"Maddie you always knew me better than anyone else.  Sometimes better than I know myself."  Lance stands and closes the gap between us.  "They are mad at me because I love you and I have spent the past five years trying to get you to admit you feel the same about me."  His words hit me like a ton of bricks.  The me from five years ago knew very well she had strong feelings for Lance.  Feelings that started in a previous life.  Why would she, or I deny those thoughts now.  And then it hit me.  I walk past Lance and approach Hailey who is sitting on my bed with her head down.
"What did you guys do to me?  I want the truth and I want it now!"
"I don't know what you mean Maddie," Hailey says.  She can't look me in the eye, which is very un-Hailey like.
"You are keeping something from me, I can tell.  My memory has been messed with, or something.  There are puzzle pieces missing."
"Your Highness, you have to understand?"
"No, I understand completely, or at least I am pretty sure I do.  I just want confirmation.  So let me be more direct.  Did you guys alter my memory or thoughts in some way?"  Hailey didn't answer, but the look on her face when she finally looked up is all that I needed.  I take a deep breath to calm my anger and slowly let it out.
"Maddie, we can leave right now.  You don't have to go through with this wedding.  I have a place and followers that once worked for your Grams and they are ready and willing to risk their lives to protect you.  You can still rule the  underworld from above.  It doesn't matter where you live.  And I will accompany you down every day if you wish."  What Lance is offering sounds perfect.  Perfect for the Maddie from 5 years ago.  I don't know enough about current events to make a sound decision.  I have to admit a chance to escape all the lies and deceit surrounding me.  But the easy route never worked for me.  I end up missing out on something by taking the path that felt safe.
"Lance I appreciate everything you have done and for your love.  I remember the feelings I have for you, but I also remember the conflict that was mostly caused by the fact that I feel the same for Bash.  Considering the betrayal I am dealing with in the present, I would love nothing more than to leave with you."  Lance looks up with a smile that reaches his eyes.  Hailey's eyes widens and she prepares to argue, but I immediately put my hand up at her not to speak.  She closes her mouth and looks back down at the floor.  "But Hailey is right in the sense that I cannot alter what is currently going on because it will affect the past.  I can't run the risk of the negative consequences associated with time travel.  Maddie of this time is set to marry Bash in a few hours, and that is what will happen."  Lance looks at me with a mix of anger, sorrow, and understanding.
"You're making a big mistake," Lance says with venom in his tone.  And with that he walks out the window and out of my life, or at least this one.
I look over to meet Hailey's regretful eyes and with a stern and haunting look, I say, "We will discuss this further, later."
"Yes, your Highness."  And with that I storm out of the room and in the direction of a loud boisterous voice booming from down the hall.
Chapter 14
"Ha, Ha, your excellence is most comical."  The laughter continues on and as I approach the doorway, the man I believe to be Don Javier notices me.  "Oh your Highness, you look exquisite and I have yet to work my magic on you.  What a magnificent canvas I have to work with, yes?"  I smile graciously.
"Thank you and I apologize for keeping you waiting."
"Oh pish posh, you are my Queen, I would wait for an eternity for you," Don Javier says as he makes his way toward me, grabbing my hand and laying the most gentlemanly of kisses.
"Thank you.  I am ready when you are."
"Excellent!"  Don Javier claps his hands in excitement and leads me to a chair that looks like a director's chair with the title Bride embroidered on the back.  Looking around I notice the other chairs say Bridal Entourage.  That is a cute touch that I suspect Vanessa had something to do with.  And with that thought it dawns on me that I haven't seen Vanessa or Jessenia since I woke.  Right on cue I hear the girls walk in giggling in unison.
"Hello your highness," they say in unison while bowing.
"Your highness? What are you guys doing?" I ask in shock by their greeting.
"Oh we are terribly sorry Queen Madeline.  We never meant to offend," they sang together with fear in their eyes.
"I feel like I've stepped into the Twilight Zone.  Exactly when did you two stop calling me Maddie?"  The two girls look up at me with confusion.  "I mean we are still friends, right?"
"Oh of course your highness.  I mean Maddie," Jessenia stammers.
"Oh calm down Nessa," Jessenia snaps.
"Hey Maddie, how excited are you?!?"  Vanessa beams trying out my name like a foreign word.
"It's okay," I say softly looking at both girls.  "I'm very excited Nessa, and hey guys let's have a fun day.  I mean after all it is my wedding day!"
"Please we all know this is really a political move on both their parts."  I look at Jessenia wondering what she means by that statement.  The silence in the room is deafening.  I can see Don Javier staring at me for confirmation.  
Thinking quickly I chime in, "Are you doubting my love for Bash or his love for me?"  Clearly stunned by my question Jessenia quickly snaps her head in my direction.  It almost look as if she is waiting for me to start laughing.
Attempting to recover Jessenia says, "neither your Highness.  I was just making a joke.  Clearly a poor one.  I am very sorry."  Jessenia put her head down, as Vanessa turns her head toward the mirror in a she told you kind of fashion.
Wanting desperately to ease the tension I beam, "Don Javier, what do you have in mind for my hair?"  Taking my cue he is off explaining the hairstyle, and the reasoning behind his choice.  He further goes on to describe the makeup that will accentuate my features and eyes.  Soon enough both girls are chiming in.  Shortly after Don Javier's crew joins us and they begin prepping my entourage.  Laughter fills the room and my mother walks in with a Sofia Vergara look alike.
"Oh there's my beautiful daughter-in-law."  Holy Crap, I think to myself, Sofia Vergara is my mother-in-law.
"Thank you Mrs. Cortez."
"What is it with these formalities?  I mean I know you are Queen, but seriously.  I insist you call me Valarie.  After all your Highness we are family."
"I couldn't agree more, therefore I insist you call me Maddie," I smile sweetly.  Valarie look at me with surprise, but returns the smile.  My mother who shows a half smile, sits down at her designated chair.  Once my glam squad is done with all of us it is time to get my dress on.  Vanessa suggests I use the restroom before putting on my gown.  Taking her advice I excuse myself as I leave the large walk-in-closet turned into dressing room and enter the adjoining bathroom.  Upon my return, my mother has hung a gown bag behind the closed door and managed to clear the room.  I take a deep breath and smile staring as I think finally a moment alone with the woman I haven't seen in over 13 years.
"I know you don't want me here, but it's tradition for the mother to help the bride.  Everyone is insisting on it, so let's just get you in this gown," she says with tension.
"You know I never thought we would have this moment together."  Not realizing it I unleash a tsunami of mass proportions.  My mother looks up at me with tears in her eyes.
"Neither did I.  Although I wish it wasn't forced."
"Mom what are you talking about?"  I look at her questioningly.
"How much longer are you going to make me pay?  I had to go, it wasn't my choice.  And listen here Ms. Holier Than Thou, you will have to do the same to your child in the future."  I could tell she wanted to continue, but the tears turn into uncontrollable sobs.  I run over to her and hug her like I am never letting go.  This works to calm us both down.
"Since I've been home you have yet to hug me.  I hoped one day you would find it in your heart to forgive me.  Honestly I never thought you would."  We stayed in each other's arms holding each other tightly.
"I'm sorry mom.  It was foolish of me to waste precious time being angry."  So far the glimpse of what the future Maddie is like, is grating on my last nerve.  Reluctantly we let go of each other.  My mother walks over to my dress and un-zips the bag.  My gown is amazing, with its lace embroidery and silver flecks.  I walk over in awe.  The sweetheart neckline and flare of the gown makes the dress look regal, vintage, and romantic.  My mother opens the hooks and I step into the dress.  She pulls it up and begins hooking the dress back up.  Once she is done I walk over to the huge mirror situated at the center of the closet.  I have the overwhelming feeling to cry.  Present day Maddie may not act much like the past version, but she definitely has the same taste.  This dress is perfect.  My mother comes up behind me and attaches the cathedral veil, slowly making her way back as she works to spread it out.  I look up at her through the mirror and we both begin tearing and laughing.  She presents my shoes and holds my hand as I step into them.  The look is complete and there is no denying, I am a bride.
"It's only been a few years but the Princess has grown so much and beyond expectations," says a familiar and welcoming voice.  
"Grams!"  I move as quickly as my gown would allow me and practically leap into her open arms.
"Hello sweet pea.  Let me look at you.  Wow, Maddie you make one gorgeous bride."
"Thank you Grams, I'm so happy you're here."
"Did you have doubts?"
"No, I'm just beyond happy.  I have my family back together and it's just overwhelming and nice."
"I couldn't have said it better," said my mom as she approaches her mother giving her a kiss and a hug."
"Ladies, I hate to interrupt, but it's time for the first look and pictures," says my father from the door.  "Oh Maddie, you are breathtakingly beautiful."
"Thanks dad, we are ready."  In that moment I have a thought.  If there is tension between present day Maddie and those I hold dear, what is her relationship like with Bash?  All of a sudden I am a ball of nerves.  Hoping all is at least cordial with Bash and I, I follow Grams and my dad out the door with my mother behind fixing my dress and veil.  My father offers me his arm as we make our way down a grand staircase leading to a sitting room. Everything is covered in white, green and blue delphiniums, hyacinths, hydrangea and ranunculus.  The smell is light and the view amazing.  We walk past the kitchen and out the backdoor to a path leading to the beach.  The path is cut short by the massive floral alter prepared for today's festivities.  On the right and left of the path are satin covered chairs wrapped with blue ribbons.  My father and I walk around the alter and I can see Bash standing just at the entrance to the boardwalk facing the beach.  My father squeezes my trembling hand and we smile at each other.  Taking a deep breath in and out I let go of my father and head toward my waiting groom.  As I approach him I reach out to tap his back.  He slowly turns and smiles, but I notice immediately the smile was more of a smirk.
"You clean up nice Mads," Bash says with little interest.  I stare into his eyes searching for a glimmer that his feelings for me, the past me, hasn't completely changed.  Mads what happened to the adoring way he called me Princess or Madeline?
"You look amazing Bash," I say as he tilts his head and looks at me quizzically.  "Let's take a quick walk on the boardwalk before starting pictures."  I turn to the photographer who is already snapping away.  "Five minutes please."  He nods in acceptance and both him and his assistant put their equipment back down.  Bash looking at me with suspicion extends his hand to me to lead the way.
I start up the ramp and once we were out of ear shot Bash says with venom, "Don't even think about backing out of this wedding.  I don't care what the bloodsucker has said to you.  We have an arrangement and you may have made it clear that he has your heart, but politically you are mine."  In that short but brutal rant Bash tells me exactly what I want to know.  Our relationship is nothing more than an arrangement.  There is no love or mutual respect, definitely not the kind of marriage I would want to have.
I decide to take the "rip the band aid off quickly" approach and I say, "Listen, I am not the same Maddie, things have changed."
"Yea and I'm sure it has a lot to do with Lance's visit earlier today."  I knew at that moment Bash was not going to listen to me.  How else can I get through to him?, I think to myself.  I look at him from the corner of my eye as he keeps ranting on and on.  Finally I stop, which prompts him to do so as well.  I grab his face, look deep into his eyes and once I can see the icy blue begin to melt, I stand on my tip toes and kiss him.  He is stiff at first but in a short time he snakes his arms around me and deepens our kiss.  I can barely hear the crashing of the waves as our kiss lingers on and on.  Bash backs off first and looks into my eyes.
"Who are you?"  He says with wonder in his voice.
"I don't know how but I'm here from the past.  The last thing I remember is playing orb ball in the park before waking up here on our wedding day no less."  I go on to explain the whole story to Bash in detail.  He guides me to a nearby bench, out of fear of messing up my dress I opt to stand.  Bash is clearly in shock and unsure how to respond.
"We are going to have to call this wedding off," he says in a whisper.  At that I push him back so that there is room for me to awkwardly climb into his lap.
"No, that is the last thing we are going to do.  We cannot alter events that are set to happen.  It might change my time.  We will go through with the wedding, and after tonight we can start trying to figure out how to get me home."
"This is going to sound terrible, but?"  His voice trails off as he thinks about whether or not to tell me what is on his mind.  "I don't want the other Maddie back," Bash whispers.  My look of surprise makes him realize how that sounds.  "I mean."
"It's okay, I know what you mean.  I have an idea of the kind of person I've become from encounters with other people.  I understand, but I have to go back to my time. 
"I know.  But what if you make different decisions based on what you know now?  You can still run the risk of altering the future," Bash pleads with concern.  Reading between the lines I know what he is really saying is I will choose Lance over him.
"I don't know why I chose to take this path and I have yet to see a reason to change it," I say reassuringly.  I put my arms around Bash's neck and he looks up with the warmth I feared was gone.  
"Come on my Queen, let's get these pictures done."  I prepare to get up, but Bash pulls me down giving me an Earth shattering kiss that makes my knees go weak.  He gives me that smooth, charming, irresistible smile while helping me up.  We walk hand in hand back toward the entrance of the boardwalk where the photographer and our bridal party are standing in wait.
"We're ready for our close ups Mr. Deville," Bash shouts with humor.  Everyone looks puzzled and unsure how to respond.
I giggle, "I'm glad I'm not the only one who makes jokes people find cheesy."  Bash snickers at me, and before we knew it, the photographer is snapping away.
"I think they are reacting to how in love we appear to be."
"We appear to be?"  I ask afraid of what his answer will be.
"In love we are," Bash says just as he gently grabs my chin and kisses me.
"Oh, I love the candid shots.  Great smiles, happy, loving couple!"  His photoshoot-esque approach causes Bash and I to laugh that much harder.  After clearing the tears from our eyes I notice our bridal party and my parents looking at each other in wonder.  I tug on Bash's hand and after first glancing at me to say What?, he looks over at everyone else.  He clears his throat and we walk over to the railing closest to the beach entrance.  He spins me so that I am standing in front of him and he has his arms wrap around my waist.  "Love it!," shouts the photographer.  "Okay, let's get some with the group and the parents.  During the reception we can get some on the beach, what do you guys think?"
"And ruin her dress, absolutely not!" exclaims my mother.  Everyone is equally surprised at her outburst and erupt in laughter.  This made for one comical group shot.  After an hour of candid and posed shots it was time to prepare for the ceremony.
My father's phone rings and shortly after answering, he announces the guests are beginning to arrive.  Bash gives me another swift yet powerful kiss before, Jessenia, Vanessa, Hailey, and my mother whisk me away.  We head back upstairs to the walk-in closet where my Grams and two other older women are having a heated discussion.  As soon as I walk in and the door closes, the three women descend upon me examining me closely.  "Hi," I say wearily.
"Who are you and what have you done with my granddaughter," my Grams chastises.  I gulp not ever having to witness her wrath.  I look over at Hailey and she is standing in a corner with her head down.  Very un-Hailey like and I develop a better appreciation for the smart mouth Hailey from my time.  I take the time to explain the situation to everyone.  My Grams and her two comrades seem to calm down once I am done explaining the situation.  "You are right to proceed with events as they come along.  You do not want to do anything that could negatively impact the future.  As you said you will have to go through with this wedding and we can figure out how to get you back to your time afterwards."  I nod my head in acceptance just as Grams adds, "but I have to admit I like this version of my granddaughter."  I smile to show her I understand.  Everyone in the room makes noise to show agreement, which does not surprise me.  Wow present day Maddie, is really no bueno.
A knock on the door catches our attention and Hailey walks over to open the door.  "Ladies it's time," says my father.  Pushing the door open dramatically is Don Javier.
"Vhere is the bride, let's do a touch up, really quick, jes?"  I smile and he comes toward me with an arsenal of hair and makeup brushes as well as hairspray.  After I am all set my father once again offers me his arm and we head out of my dream closet.
I can hear the instrumental of You're Mine and the bustling of guests making their way to their seats.  My bridal party is lined up at the top of the stairs preparing to make their descent.  We all head down the stairs in an orderly fashion and I get a glimpse of the guests and Bash standing at the altar just as Don Javier and another man are closing the door.  "Alright everyone don't forget to smile and walk to the beat of the music just as we practiced."  Panic once again consumes me as I realize I have no idea what song I am walking out to.  Just as quickly as the anxiety sets in it falters and I know this sense of calm comes from one person.  Grams is outside with everyone else sending me her love in the best way she knows how.  I pass a telepathic thank you and take a deep breath exhaling slowly.
The instrumental of A Thousand Years begins to play and I smile.  Yep, present day Maddie and I definitely have the same taste.  My bridal party begins to walk and not too long after it's my turn to make my way.  My father flashes me a proud smile and I see a glimmer of a tear.  Looking down and smiling I feel once again like I am in a dream.  The music changes to the instrumental of Thinking Out Loud and the doors once again open to reveal my father and myself as we walk to the beat of the song.  I look first at Bash who is beaming with love and happiness.  His infectious smile prompts me to dazzle him with my own smile.  I take a moment to look to the right and left nodding and smiling at our guests.  As I get closer I see Grams her two friends, and my mother sitting in the front row tearing away.  But I hear Bash's mother before I see her and can see she is inconsolable.  There is a man holding her trying to keep her calm.  I recognize him from the family tree in the one eyed book, he's Bash's uncle on his father's side.  As we approach Bash, my father shakes his hand and turns to give me a kiss.  Just as I turn to face my future husband, dark clouds roll in and lightning strikes.  Everyone looks up at the sky and we prepare for a downpour.  Suddenly another bolt of lightning strikes down on the alter and Bash's best man grabs the officiant just before it touches down.  The light is blinding and pushes us apart.  The sounds of screams and someone calling my name is the last thing I hear before everything goes dark.
Chapter 15
In the dark feeling disoriented I jump up trying to understand my surroundings.  I am back in my room at my father's house.  I can hear muffled voices coming from down the stairs.  I swing my feet off the bed and sit up to judge the level of dizziness I am experiencing.  Looking over at my night stand I see there is orange juice and Tylenol on a plate.  Unlike the last time I wake up from my apparent time travel not feeling as bad.  This time my body must be used to the transition because I don't feel the need to take the pill although I gulped down some OJ.  I rise from the bed and walk toward the door.  The voices are still very muffled, but I can tell the conversation is being had at the bottom of the stairs.  Slightly opening the door the discussion becomes a bit clearer.
"What if she doesn't return, then what?" My father says frantically.
"She knows how needed she is here, and the trouble that her being in the wrong time for too long can cause.  I am sure she is working on a way back home," Amelia says to assure him.  I hear a thump and see Amelia move closer to the stairs.  I hear crying as Amelia says, "Xavier, she is much stronger than any of us can imagine.  She will return to us, safely."  I open the door wider and take a few steps out to find her holding my father in such a loving way, that makes me feel like I'm intruding.  
Reluctantly, I clear my throat to make my presence known and call out, "Dad, Amelia?"  Both startled jump up from the stairs and turn to look up at me.  My father runs up the stairs, and I walk toward the landing to meet him.  He grabs me in a strong embrace as Amelia comes up behind and joins in.  His faltering tears begin to flow once again, and I can't help but join in.  The three of us stand together like this for what seems like hours.  I have yet to feel so safe and self-assured than I do at this moment.  As they both loosen their hug my father begins to inspect me for injuries.
"Are you okay, what exactly happened to you?  I mean I know what happened, but where did you go, what did you see?"
"Really Xavier, let the girl relax she's just been through an exhausting ordeal," Amelia moves to shield me from my father continuing his examination.  "Maddie, sweety, you must be famished.  Let's go down to the kitchen and fix you something.  Then if you are up to it we can discuss where you've been for the past week," She suggests looking sternly at my father.
"Wait, what a week?"  I am shocked considering my time in the future barely consisted of a full day.
"Yes dear, well almost.  Today is Friday.  You passed out in the park during the orb ball game this past Saturday night.  Come on, let's go down stairs so you can eat."  Amelia grasps my shoulders and guides me down the stairs.  My overprotective father follows closely, while both urging me to take it easy.
"I'm fine really, when I first woke up it was a bit difficult to get my bearings, but now I am fine."
"Oh did you drink the orange juice and Tylenol I left on your bedside table?" my father asks.
"I didn't have a headache or anything, so I just drank some of the OJ.  We walk into the kitchen and Amelia goes behind the island to cut a slice of a vegetable lasagna and place it on a dish, which she pops in the microwave.  My father, like me, sits on a chair on the opposite side of the island.  Waiting for the food to heat up, my father turns to me expectantly.  Knowing what he is waiting for I prepare to share some of what I have experienced.  "It seems I traveled about five years into the future.  On my wedding day."  My father glances at Amelia and stares at me eagerly waiting for me to continue.  Amelia gives me a look that says to tread lightly.  "I don't think it's wise to share too much, but I can say my time there felt very short and was not really informative."
"Maddie, I know it may not seem this way, but it's for the best that you do not learn too much about your future.  You can inadvertently make a change that may not be for the better."  I can tell it is a comment meant more for my dad, but I nod my head to show my understanding.  "I think you should call your friends.  They have been so worried about you.  Especially Sebastian and Lance, they camped out in the living room Saturday night through most of Sunday."
"Hmm, yea I had to finally throw their behinds out of my house," my father says reminding himself of a fond memory.  My mouth waters at the sound of the microwave ping alerting us the food is done.  Amelia places the plate in front of me and sets off to get me a glass of green tea.  
"Dad, I hope you weren't too hard on them," I say between chews. 
"Who me, never," he replies with a smile.  Amelia has her hand on her hip as she glares at my father.
"Let me guess, he got all this is the police, on them, didn't he?"  Amelia laughs at my impression of my father.  Even he chuckles at the fact that I hit the nail on the head.
"Seriously Maddie, I hope that whatever information you did learn does not affect your decisions too much.  I hate to think you might change your mind about something or someone because of a glimpse into the future.  I mean you don't really know the whole story."
"Who exactly are you trying to sell me on, dad?"
"What, me, no one, pppfffttt," my dad says dismissively as he turns his head and looks into Amelia's knowing eyes.
"Really dad, I respect your opinion, but I won't let it alter my decision.  At the end of the day I have to do what I think is best for me and for the supe community."  My father looks at me with a sense of pride.  He takes a deep breath and looks again at Amelia, who shrugs her shoulders and turns to start cleaning up.
"Okay, on a political standpoint considering my position and all, it will work best for most that you?" his voice trails off as he is hesitant or reluctant to tell me.
"Bash, it would be politically best for me to end up with Bash, right?"  I look at him expectantly.
"Is that who you were marrying in the future?" my dad says trying to be quite sneaky.  I just glare as Amelia walks up to him and wacks him with a loaf of Italian bread.  I begin to breakout in a fit of laughter.  My father unable to contain the look of shock joins me, and soon all three of us are in tears.  "I can't believe you hit me with bread," said my father in between laughs.
"You deserve it.  You promised Gwen you would only guide her not meddle."  Hearing my Grams being called by her first name is so foreign to me.  I feel a pang in my heart from missing her so much.  She would have known exactly what was going on and what needed to be done.  My father put his head down in shame recognizing Amelia is right.
"Sweetheart the fact that you are able to travel indicates your powers are growing.  But it really is a bad place to attempt such a spell," Amelia adds.
"That's not why we were out there.  My plan was to use the orb ball game to teach the five young practioners how to control and channel their power constructively."  My father rose from his chair scraping the floor.  Holy crap, I thought to myself.
"What young practioners are you referring to?"  He looks from me to Amelia.  Throwing his hands up in frustration, he says, "I don't understand why no one tells me anything around here.  It's my house, my town, my responsibility to protect.  I can't do that if I am always kept in the dark.  Feeling guilty I divulge everything to my dad.  I even include the group's attack on my class.  His eyes turn from a honey brown to a smoldering blood red.  I fear his reaction once I am done filling him in.  
"And it was Bash that asked you to tutor these kids?" he asks in an eerie tone.
"Yes, he claims that with my gift of empathy and understanding combined with what I know of the craft, I would have been the best teacher for them.  They are really great guys, just a bit unsure and misguided."
"He had no right to involve you in such a task.  Especially since you are trying acclimate yourself with the town and a new school, while trying to keep a low profile.  I can't believe I campaigned for him!  You are right, he is the one I wanted you to end up with, but now he's cheating to make certain it happens.  And that is not fair."
"Dad what are you talking about?" I question although the answer is becoming clear.
"I have work to do," my father barks as he storms out of the kitchen.
I turn to Amelia, "do you really think Bash set this all up?"
Amelia shakes her head as she shrugs her shoulders to signify she was unsure.  "Sweety maybe you should talk to him about it.  And use an honesty charm."
"I don't believe any of the charms in my arsenal will work on a Demon as strong as Bash."  Amelia opens her secret spice cabinet, pops out the first group of shelves and produces another.  Pulling a small bottle out she replaces the shelf and turns toward me.
"This will work very nicely," she says with certainty. 
"What is it?  How does it work?" I ask curiously.
"It is called ginkapsych, a mixture of herbs along with wiccan incantations.  He will be completely honest, and once it wears off 24 hours later, he won't remember what he's told you."
"How exactly am I supposed to get him to take it?" I ask looking suspiciously at the bottle.
"He's been asking you out for the longest, maybe it's about time you said yes.  A picnic is fun this time of year.  
"It would definitely make spiking his food or drink easier."  I again start to feel a bit apprehensive around Amelia.  She has so many tricks up her sleeve, I wonder if she's ever used any of them on me.  "I'm going to head upstairs and give the girls, Bash, and Lance a call.  Let them all know I'm okay."
"Good idea, they were all really worried about you.  We all were."  I get up from the chair, walk around the island, and give Amelia a hug.
"Thank you for everything."  She smiles and I see a glimmer of a tear.  She goes back to cleaning, and I turn and head up the stairs back to my room.  I walk in and reach for my phone and freeze as I realize I am not alone.  Looking toward my closet I find Bash standing in the corner watching me.  "What are you doing here?" I ask completely surprised.
"I've been coming in to check on you every day.  My heart sank when I arrived today and you weren't in bed.  I saw your dad frantically leave the house, really upset, and I thought?I thought you were gone."  Bash's display of emotion is moving and I almost forget about the theory that he is responsible for my time travel.
"I came up here to call you and the gang.  I wanted to let you all know myself that I am back and okay."  He looks me up and down working to confirm that I am in fact okay.  Truth is I wasn't sure if I would be okay, but I did know I had a lot of unanswered questions.  The attraction between us becomes a stronger force.  Bash walks toward me closing the distance.  The urge to be close to him has never been greater.  Seizing the day I move straight to him wrapping my arms around his neck.  "I'm not entirely sure about you, but I am certain about this."  And with that I kiss him hard.  He groans as I pull him closer, and I reciprocate his sound when he grabs me by the thighs urging me to wrap my legs around his waist.
"You are really here, safe and sound," Bash whispers mostly to himself.
"Yes, I am here and I am fine."  He deepens the kiss as he walks us to my bed.  Laying me down, he positions himself next to me.  Bash runs his fingers up and down my cheek staring into my eyes.  "Really Bash, I am okay."
"I know.  That night was so terrible.  I thought you were gone, and before I could?" he looked down and distracted himself by playing with the zipper of my sweater.
"Before you could what?"  I grab on to his chin forcing him to look at me.
"Before I can tell you how much I care for you and that I don't want you to make any decisions based on politics.  You are stronger than your predecessors you do not need a strong alliance to rule.  Any alliance you make will be unbreakable, and should only marry for..." taking a moment he finally says, "love."
"I have every intention of leading my life and my rule with not only my mind but also my heart."  I look at Bash as he absorbs my words and he nods in understanding.  "What happened after the night we played orb ball?"
"Lance and I were about to engage in yet another brawl, when all of a sudden the dark sky became bright as day.  I thought we were under attack.  Lance and I formed a protection shield around you.  The others ran back toward us to help increase the power surrounding you.  Lightning struck a neighboring tree we turned to form a huddle, and you just collapsed.  Hailey called Amelia and she transported you home.  The rest of us met up at your house, but Amelia wouldn't let us in.  Hailey was the most distraught out of everyone.  For her it was as if we had failed in our plans to protect you.  She said you were resting and once you woke she would have you call.  But hours turned into days and I just couldn't stay away.   I remembered a cloaking spell one of my many tutors taught me.  I used it to shield myself from detection and I snuck in every night to watch over you.  Your breathing was so shallow I feared you were dying.  It was unbearable to watch but at the same time I couldn't leave your side."
"Thank you for watching over me.  I have to thank everyone.  I don't know who or what caused this, but I can tell you I was safe."
"What do you mean you were safe?  Did you travel somewhere?"  I look at Bash as I internally debate whether or not to tell him.  Knowing that my facial expression is giving me away, I decide less is more is the best approach for now.
"I travel to the future.  But I can't remember much of what I experienced.  I guess traveling back took most of my memories away.  I can recall being by the beach in a house of glass."  Bash's eyes lit up.
"Can you tell more about the house, what it looked like, what were some of the things inside?"  I realize by his line of questioning and the feeling of excitement emanating from him he recognizes the house I am describing as one owned by his family.  That is a slip on my part, but I just assumed the house didn't exist in our lives yet.  This connection does make him seem more guilty.
"Um, no not really.  Only that it was practically on the beach."
"Hmm, interesting.  Did you talk to anyone or do anything?"
"I have the sense that I did but I can't remember any concrete details."  I hate lying mostly because I am not good at it, but I need to figure things out before divulging details to Bash or anyone else.  Although I have a feeling Hailey will already know.  "Listen, I need to rest a bit and I still want to call everyone to thank them.  Do you think you could text me the guys' numbers so I can call them as well.  They must have been so freaked out by everything."
"Yes of course.  They were more worried about you Madeline.  We all were," Bash says as he continues to caress my face.  I lean closer to him and plant a light kiss on his lips. 
"Hey maybe tomorrow if you're not busy we can go on a picnic," I say cheerfully.
"For you I am never too busy.  What time should I pick you up?"
"How's 1pm sound to you?" I ask.
"Like a long time to wait.  But you are more than worth it," Bash says beaming.  He grabs my face kissing me once again.  His hands goes exploring but he refrains from taking things too far, which I appreciate.  Coming up for air I look deep into his eyes consuming his thoughts and feelings for me.  He does care deeply, there is no doubt, but to what lengths would he go to ensure I would choose him?  That is the question I need answered, and hopefully tomorrow I'll have my answer.
"I should really get started on these calls.  As much as I don't want you to leave?" my voice trails off reluctant to finish.  He smiles, swings his long legs off my bed, giving me a great view of his well sculpted butt.
"I can take a hint," he says jokingly.  Walking over to my side of the bed he plants a kiss on my forehead and lips.  "Goodnight sweet Princess.  I will see you tomorrow."  And with that Bash is gone into the night.  I smile to myself, reach over to the nightstand to pick up my cell.  I decide it will be easier and quicker if I conference all three girls.  That way I will only have to tell the story two more times.  I begin by calling Hailey.
"Maddie, is it really you?"  Hailey sounds so distant and lost.
"Yea, it's me.  I'm awake finally.  Let me conference in Jessenia and Vanessa, then I'll tell you all what I experienced."
"No, wait, I have to see you for myself and I'm sure the girls will feel the same.  I'll call them and we'll be over soon.  Giving me no time to protest, Hailey hangs up.  I stare at the phone wondering who is that girl and what has she done with Hailey.  I think back to the way future Hailey behaved, and wonder what caused the change.  Scrolling down my contact list I search for Lance's number.  I take a deep breath and dial his number.
"Hello," said a raspy voice filled with hesitation.
"Hi, Lance, it's Maddie."  The silence on the other line is deafening.  "Hello, Lance, are you there?"  Still nothing.  And then I hear a click.  Pulling the phone away from my ear I see the call ended.  Did he hang up on me?  With the plan to demand an explanation I hit redial.  The phone rings and rings, but he doesn't answer.  What is that all about?  My mind is racing in attempt to understand Lance's reaction to my call.  I decide I should get some practice in before studying.  I can only imagine what I have missed in school this week.  Just as I prepare to unlock my altar, I hear heavy footsteps running up the stairs.  My door flings open and a disheveled, crazy-eyed Lance storms into my room.  He looks at me in disbelief.  "Hey, you hung up on me," was the first thing I manage out of my mouth.
"Is it really you?  Are you really back?"  He walks with determination right up to me and pinches me.
"Ow! Yes it's really me.  I'm okay, I'm really okay."  Lance stares at me with wide eyes like my appearance just can not be real.  "I have never been so scared in my life.  The idea that you could be stuck out there forever."
"Once I figured out I was in a different time, I knew I had to get back asap.  It was just a matter of figuring out how."
"How did you get back? What time were you in?  Did you learn anything about who we are facing now, or about your mother?"  Lance hits me with a barrage of questions.  I divulge bits and pieces keeping in mind not say too much.  I do not want to risk altering events too drastically, although I have a feeling I may do so myself.  The uncertainty when it comes to Lance and Bash is magnified by what I learned from the future.  Does how I feel even matter now that I know I will become Queen and have political obligations when it comes to relationships?  By the end of our conversation I realize we both remain standing, looking intensely into each other's eyes.  "Wow, Maddie," is Lance's response.  "I hope this doesn't upset you."  Tilting my head in question, Lance closes the few inches of space between us, grabs my face and kisses me hard.  The kiss is filled with all the emotions he has been harboring throughout the week.  Longing, pain, anger, and finally relief passes through me just as he pulls away and grabs me in an embrace.  I reach around and hug him back, tightening my hold, assuring him everything is okay.
"Please don't worry, I really am fine."  With that Lance lets me go.
"Sorry about the kiss," he says with his eyes looking at the floor.
"Are you?  I'm not."  He looks up at me in shock.  "I just said I needed time, but it doesn't mean I don't have feelings for you."
"Yea, it just means you have feelings for him too," Lance replies with a frown.  I take a deep breath and as I look back at Lance he is smirking.
"What are you smirking at?"
"I'm just remembering how much I love challenges.  I will win your heart Princess, and take my rightful position by your side."  He grabs my hand and gently kisses my knuckles.  I am taken back to when Bash made the same promise.  Oh boy, what's a girl to do?!?
"The girls are on their way over," I murmur.
"Yea, I better get going."  Lance pauses for a second before continuing, "You have no idea what was running through my mind when you called me.  I am so glad you are back and safe."
"Yea, me too."
"I'll see you later alligator."
"After a while crocodile," I retort.  Lance turns and walks out the door.  Finally able to take a genuine deep breath I sit on my bed putting my head in my hands.  I can't say how long I sat there, but I must have drifted into my own world.  Before I know what hit me, my three friends are jumping on my bed and dragging me into a group hug.
"Oh my goodness I thought I would never see you again.  Are you really okay, why were you holding your head, do you have a headache," squeals Vanessa.
"Maddie, seriously, you have to tell us everything.  I've never met anyone who has time traveled," Jessenia says excitedly.
"Calm your boobs guys.  Can she have a moment to breath before bombarding her with questions?"  Hailey always has a way with words and an uncanny way of taking charge.  The girls sit back with a frown and I turn to face them.
"First of all thank you all for everything.  I don't know how I would have survived without you guys, both in the present and future." The girls look at each other with big smiles.
"I knew we'd be besties for life," beams Vanessa.  I smile at each and take note how Hailey's smile failed to reach her eyes.  As Vanessa jumps in to describing her account of the night, I send out mental feelers to Hailey.
"Stop blaming yourself," I say to Hailey telepathically.
"What are you talking about?"
"The amount of guilt pouring out of you is suffocating.  You especially have done so much to help protect me.  Whether you want to or not you are one of my closest friends."
"I failed you and your father," Hailey sends back.  Her words sound almost like a strangled cry.  I move in closer to her on the bed and link arms.  She gives another sliver of a smile and I focus on the end of Vanessa's story.
"The next thing we see is a huge bolt of lightning brighten the sky and touch down near you, Lance, and Bash.  We all race down the hill to check on you guys.  By the time we got there you were lying on the ground and the guys were trying to wake you up.  It was Hailey who suspected you had time traveled and she called your dad and her aunt immediately."  I glanced over at Hailey giving her the see what I mean look in hopes of easing her mind.  Vanessa continues, "Hailey took your body home and her aunt confirmed her suspicions.  They said there was no way of knowing when you would return," Vanessa begins to tear.  I reach over and hug her relieving her of the sadness that accompanies her memory.  Seconds later she turns to me in a cheerier voice, "so what happened with you?"
I once again relay the story to the girls, relishing in the fact that I wouldn't have to carefully tell the tale any longer.  They all sit attentively only expressing a few gasps and wows when I told them about my mother.  Knowing already the political importance of marrying Bash, I decide to share with them that I was magically coaxed to marry him.  I couldn't help notice Hailey's eyes deviate from mine as I added that tidbit.  Who knows if the plans to influence my decision in favor of Bash is already in the works, I think to myself. 
"So what were your colors?" asks Vanessa.
"My what?" I respond in confusion.
"You know, you're wedding colors, and ooo, what did my dress look like?  I was a bridesmaid, right?"  We all look at her in disbelief and heavy silence takes over the room.  Suddenly we all erupt in laughter and I shake my head at her.
"Honestly I don't remember much about that, I think it is a pale blue.  And we are in hair and makeup the majority of the time, so we were all in robes.  My last few moments there were preparing to walk down the aisle, so I wasn't really trying to think much.  At that moment Amelia enters the room with a small tray of snacks and beverages.
"It's good to hear you guys are having such a good time.  Maddie, how are you feeling?"
"I'm fine thank you."
"Well girls, I know you have all missed her, but let's keep the visit short today, so Maddie can get some rest."
"You're right, we should go guys," Hailey says.
"No, really I'm fine, I will rest tonight.  I would rather have the company," I interject.
"Okay, well just take it easy," Amelia adds before turning and walking back downstairs.  
"So what have I missed in school this week?"  The girls being on top of the ball, took extensive notes for me, and Jessenia provided me with a detailed list of assignments I need to get done.  I made a mental note to begin with my theory of psychology course first, since I have a test on it on Monday.
"Oh Maddie, we, and by "we" I mean Jessenia and I want to enter the talent show the school is hosting for a local charity.  Do you think you would want to do a routine with us?"
"Um sure, but why aren't you joining in Hailey?"
"I don't do public performances.  It's just not my thing.  I'll be back stage helping with hair and makeup.  I can help you guys put your outfits together," Hailey adds dismissively.
"Okay, what routine were you guys thinking of doing?"
"I think we should sing and dance, to Bang Bang by Jessie J, Ariana Grande, and Nicki Minaj," Vanessa suggests, which awards her an eye roll from both Hailey and Jessenia.
"Well what is the charity for?" I ask.
"It's to help a group that provides support to young teenage girls who've dealt with abuse, bullying, or just need someone to talk to about girl stuff.  I know a little about the organization.  I even volunteered a couple of times," Jessenia shares.
"Well maybe we should do a song that sends a message to empower women."  Everyone nods in agreement and the wheels start turning.  "We can do a Beyonce song, almost all her songs make me proud to be a woman,"  The girls giggle as they consider the idea.
"Oh, how about Who Runs The World, that song is a great dance song," Jessenia beams.
"I like it," I say in agreement.  Vanessa shakes her head, and Hailey shrugs in indifference.  "Okay, well we have three weeks to put together a routine and practice."  The girls cheer and we make plans to get together again on Sunday.  Hailey thinking it is best to take her aunt's advice, ushers the girls out so I can get some rest.  My body has more than enough rest, but my mind is seriously lethargic.  There is so much to consider in both the supernatural and non-magical parts of my life.  I decide to uncover my altar and practice a few defensive and offensive incantations.  After sealing it up, I grab my school books and begin reading.  By dinner time I had two assignments done and made good head way on a third.  In need of a break I head down to the kitchen.
Finding Amelia in the kitchen, as usual, I sit at the bar.  "How has your day been?" she asks.
"Great!  It was good to see everyone.  I really missed them.  Well the 2014 them," I chuckled.
"When do you expect to see Bash again?"  She gives me a knowing look, so I decide not to lie.
"I've already seen him," I admit coyly.
"Oh," Amelia says sounding not quite surprised.
"Well Bash was waiting for me in my room when I returned from lunch."
"Was he now?  Did he know you were back, or was it just one of his daily visits?"  Amelia says while continuing her task.
"You knew he was stopping by every day?  Well who am I kidding of course you knew."  We both laugh.
"Both Bash and Lance care a lot about you.  And I know you have a lot on your plate, but if you are going to get to know both, you better get started."
"Yes, your right," I say knowing I can't avoid the situation much longer.
"And do not let what you have seen in the future influence your decision.  You have the ability to be a great leader, and there is no reason not to marry for love.  In the meantime how about some oldbay shrimp and garlic mashed potatoes," Amelia adds as she places a plate in front of me.  She walks over to the fridge and grabs a jug of green tea and pours some into a cup for me.
"You spoil me so much," I say with appreciation.
"Sweetie it is my job to serve."  I cannot help but scowl a bit at her.  How could she honestly stand there and call herself a servant.  She has done so much for my father and myself.
"Family has to stick together.  It is crucial especially in times like this," I say in more of a defensive tone than I planned.
"I don't only mean with cooking and cleaning," she says clearly picking up on my reaction to her comment.  
Feeling guilty for my insecure, childish reaction I say, "I appreciate all the advice you have given me.  It feels like Grams is still by my side."  We smile at each other and I dive into my plate of food.  I am taken by surprise when Amelia prepares a plate and sits down with me.  With the exception of my first night she has never sat and eaten with me.  I suspect she always waits for my father.  We talk throughout the meal about her childhood and powers, and I fill her in on the years both her and my father missed.  "This was by far my favorite dinner since I've arrived."
"Did you like the seasoning on the shrimp?" she asks.
"I love it, but I am referring to your company.  Maybe you could alternate between having dinner with my dad and me."  Amelia begins to blush at my comment.  And as if I needed further confirmation, her reaction told me there is something definitely going on between them.  In fear of ruining my chances of having her sit down for dinner with me again, I grab my plate and dump the excess into the trash.  I walk over and wash my plate putting the wet plate and fork in the dish drainer.
"Oh, hun I will take care of that," Amelia offers.
"It's okay, I've got it.  Thank you for dinner and the great conversation.  I'm going to continue working on my school work before heading to bed.  Goodnight."
"Good night Madeline, I enjoy our meal together too and look forward to doing it again."  And with that I leave the kitchen heading up the stairs.  I spend majority of the night catching up on my reading and completing most of my assignments.  With only two left I vow to finish those on Sunday morning before meeting the girls for practice.  I get up to stretch and do some yoga poses to relax my muscles.  Grabbing my towel and jammies I head to the bathroom to get ready for bed.  While in the shower I think back to all the things that have happened since I moved to town.  I begin to worry about what I have yet to face.  After I am showered and dressed I crawl into bed and say to myself, just take things one day at a time.  Just as Grams used to say, "that is all anyone can do.  Just take it one step at a time," I chant my new mantra.
Chapter 16
I wake up and am hit with a streak of light from the morning sun.  It startles me and I jump up, recalling the sight of the lightning strikes leading to my time travel.  After shaking it off, I stretch, rise, and head to the bathroom to brush my teeth.  I leave my bathroom and head downstairs to prepare a picnic basket for my outing today with Bash.  Amelia is of course already downstairs preparing a pot of coffee.
"Good morning!" I sing cheerfully.  Why am I singing?  I think to myself.
"Well, good morning.  I gather someone slept well."  Amelia says with a smile.
"I did thank you.  Do we by any chance have a picnic basket?"
"Yes, as a matter fact we do.  Would you like some help putting it together?"
"Thank you, Amelia, I would love some help."
"It's my pleasure.  I'll go grab the basket and we can get started."  Together it takes us about an hour to make the food and pack the basket.  Amelia even throws in a bottle of her favorite red wine.  Once we are done we sit down to a nice breakfast and 2 hours later we are still talking.  I look at the time on the stove and it is 12pm, Bash will be here to pick me up in an hour.  I thank Amelia again and run up the stairs to start getting ready.  It takes 20 minutes for me to decide on an outfit, settling on skinny black jeans, black cami, nude blazer and nude ballet flats.  I quickly jump in the shower, did my hair, and put on my face.  Before I know it the bell is ringing and I am running down the stairs.  I open the door for Bash and he takes my breath away.  He stands in the doorway with a bouquet of wild flowers, wearing black jeans, a black fitted t-shirt, and a blue blazer.  We match without appearing to have match on purpose.  His dazzling smile is distracting and I melt.
"Hi beautiful!"  His voice is like silk.  I realize I am grinning like an idiot and I clear my throat.
"Hey, you're right on time.  Are those for me?"
"No, I know you don't like flowers Maddie, they are for Amelia," he says as he walks in past me handing them to her.  I didn't even realize she was right behind me.  "I'm sorry for going against your and Mr. Calderon's wishes.  I just had to?"
"It's okay Sebastian.  I understand, we were all very worried about her," after the second night we decided it was probably best that someone be in the room with her," Amelia says sweetly.
"Wait, you and Mr. Calderon knew?"  Bash asks in amazement.
"Did you really think you would be able to enter the house, if we didn't want you to?"  Amelia, scoffs, and Bash smiles.
"Thank you for trusting me, and I'll be sure to thank Mr. Calderon the next time I see him."
"Well you guys better get going.  Here is the basket," Amelia went to grab it from the entranceway table, but Bash was quicker.  I'm not too surprised with his demon speed and all.
"Please allow me.  And thanks again,"  Bash says as he offers me his available arm and guides me to his car.  It is really a beauty.  His Range Rover is black on black with shiny silver rims.  He unlocks the doors, opening and closing my door for me before opening the back seat door and securing the basket on the floor. He smoothly and hurriedly walks around the car taking his seat.
"So where are we going to have our picnic?" I ask with curiosity.
"It's a surprise," Bash says with a childish grin.  Truth be told I hate surprises, but I wasn't going to ruin the date before it begins.  We drive in silence until reaching the main road.  Bash is the first to break, "what kind of music do you like?"
"I listen to pretty much everything.  It depends on my mood I suppose.  May I?" I ask as I reach over to turn on the radio.
"Yes of course," he beams.  I turn on the radio keeping the volume loud enough to hear the music but still carry a conversation.  The station is playing Rhianna's The Only Girl In The World, and I bop my head in tune with the beat.  Before I realize it I am singing the chorus.  
"I have every intention, Princess," Bash says interrupting my bopping.  
"Uh?" I say stupefied not realizing my singing is not completely in my head.  
"I have every intention of showing you that you are the only girl in the world.  Particularly for me."  Bash follows his promise with a killer smile.  Stopping at a stoplight I lean in closer to him grabbing his chin and signaling him to close the distance.  I place a light chaste kiss on his lips.  His eyes appear hungry for more, mirroring what I am feeling.  The sound of honking breaks the spell and I notice the light is green.  We smile at each other and Bash takes off.
The rest of the car ride is spent talking about our school plans, and he shares some of his training experiences with magic.  We even discuss long-term goals, which I find a bit deep for a first date.  But when you are deciding on a husband and king, I guess cutting to the chase is for the best.  I share stories of my training with Grams and we laugh at some of the silly mistakes we both made when we were just starting out.  Looking ahead I see signs for Ramapo Valley Park.  I smile at the memory of my parents and I going hiking through the woods here, and seeing the dogs swim in the lake.  "Your dad shared with me how much fun you guys used to have in this park.  I thought we could find a spot on the cliffs to have our picnic," Bash sounds nervous and unsure.
"This is a great plan.  Thank you.  I can't remember the last time I was up here.  I wonder if the park looks any different."  We pull into the parking area and I make a move to open the door, but Bash puts his hand over mine.
"Please allow me," he smiles.  I wait patiently as he gets out of the car and walks around to open my door.  As I get out he opens the back door and pulls out the basket.  He presses the lock button on his key ring and he reaches for my hand.  We enter the park and look at the map to decide which trail leads to the cliffs.  The blue trail seems best and we start our journey through the woods.  After climbing up the first hill we can see on the other side is the entrance to the lake.  A few dog owners are standing at the edge throwing toys into the water as their dogs run and swim gleefully after them.  As we approach a beagle comes trotting up and jumps on my leg.  Laughing and keeping my hold on Bash's hand, I bend down to pet him.  
"Winston, no, stop that.  Oh, I'm really sorry," the owner says.
"No worries, I love dogs," I share.
"But he's gotten mud on your jeans.  I really am sorry.  Do you get them dry cleaned?  Let me pay you."
"Please no, it's not necessary.  I machine wash and it's just mud.  He's a sweetie.  How old is he?" I ask hoping to further ease the owner's concerns.
"He's 2 years old, and ever the puppy," she says still in an apologetic tone.
"Hello Winston, it's nice to meet you," I say rubbing his belly.  I notice Bash tenses a little, which suggests he may not be a dog lover.  "Thank you for letting me pet him."
"Oh please thanks for being so understanding.  It's amazing how some people react to animals."
"Yes, I've seen some crazy overreactions myself."  I stand up and Bash and I walk toward a bridge separating the lake from the rest of the trail.  I can already see the beginning of the cliff.  The views are breathtaking with groups of fall foliage in various colors lining the cliffs. The sun shining on the ever still lake hypnotizes me, and I think back to the times spent here with my mom and dad.  Not realizing I am holding my breath, I exhale louder than expected.
"Are you okay?" Bash asks, his voice laced with concern.
"Yes I'm fine, it's just nostalgic being here.  Everything looks and feels exactly the same."  There's a great spot to sit and eat not far up a head."  I urge him on toward a spot my parents and I would sit.
"Okay, lead the way."  Still maintaining my hold on his hand I walk a step ahead of him.  Five minutes later we are spreading out the blanket and Bash is helping me sit.  The sun feels amazing on my skin.  Bash is doing his best to pretend he enjoys it, but I can't help notice he moved the blanket a bit under a neighboring tree.  Just as I was about to ask him if he is hungry, he lunges forward and pinning me down.  My head resting on his arms we gaze into each other's eyes.  "I know you want to take things slow and get to know each other, but I can't get over how I felt when you were gone.  I don't want to waste another minute.  Is there really something between you and the blood sucker?"  Talk about direct and to the point.  I stare wide-eyed at Bash as I prepare to answer cautiously.
"Honestly, there is something there, but I'm not sure if it's because he seems so familiar or if I do in fact have feelings for him."  Well that's as honest as I can get because the truth is I really don't know how I feel about him.
"Well of course there's familiarity, but Maddie there has to be a reason the fates continue to pull you two apart" Bash states while shaking his head.
"Bash what are you talking about?"  My look of confusion and annoyance clearly taking him back, he moves to sit up and takes me with him.
"You seriously don't remember your past lives?"
"No, is it common for people to remember being reincarnated?" I say with a bit of sarcasm.  Bash looks at me with uncertainty, takes a deep breath as if he's about to unload some terrible news.
"Maddie, it's not common for everyone but for you and your bloodline, well it's?
"Shut your damn mouth Demon!"  Bash and I jump up ready to deal with the sudden intrusion.  My mouth drops as I see Lance glaring at Bash with a darkness in his eyes I have yet to witness.
"Lance, what the hell are you doing here?!" I yell.
"I followed you.  I don't trust him!  I just want to make sure you are safe.  Clearly you are not."  Lance turns his head back to Bash, "you cannot interfere.  She has to remember for herself.  You'll ruin everything."
"Okay, that's it.  I am sick and tired of feeling like everyone in the room knows something I don't.  It's time for the elephant in the room to head back to the safari.  What is it you two aren't telling me?"  Bash and Lance look at each other and back at me.  "Fine, have it your way.  I have made my decision about which one of you I am going to date and eventually make my king," I declare as I straighten my back and go in to complete Queen mode.  Not confident in my decision, but tired of the games I look back and forth from the two attempting to choose my words wisely.
"Maddie please calm down, you can't possibly be making an informed decision.  You are speaking out of anger.  You need more time," Lance pleads.
"What's the matter bloodsucker are you afraid you haven't had enough time to jog her memory," Bash quips.
"That's enough!" I command causing both of them to jump at attention.  "I choose," they stare with bated breaths, "neither one of you.  I would never fall for a man let alone make him a king if I cannot trust him.  Despite how much the two of you have done to protect me, you have both failed at allowing me to lead.  You will both continue to lie to me because in your minds you are protecting me.  What you fail to see is that you are having the opposite effect.  I am not only hoping for a husband to love, but a strong King to help me lead.  What you have shown me the past week is not enough for me to marry either one.  You are both loyal subjects and I will work out a political deal with the both of you."  And with that I stomp away, walking back toward the lake.  I can see both are staring at each other dumbfounded.  Anger really has a way of boosting a person's energy.  Before I know it I am halfway over the bridge.  I can see a couple playing with their dog by the edge of the water.  A cloud of smoke gathers in the place where the dog is swimming.  I inch closer to the end of the bridge and the couple are heading toward me with a hooded figure leading the way.  Crap, I think to myself, had I not been so upset I would have sensed the dog is really a second level Demon.  One of the nastiest of their kind.  My defenses immediately go up.  Encased in a protective shield I close the distance between them and myself.
"Hello Princcesss, fancccy a ssstroll in the park," slurred the Demon.
"I was just leaving, and you would do well to get out of my way," I say with venom.  His laughter is more of a high pitch squeal intent on distracting me.  I look behind him at the couple and notice they are chanting.  Realizing they are practioners I send out emotional feelers to alter their frame of mind.  As quickly as they started the couple stop chanting.  The Demon sensing the change glances back.
"What are you two doing?  Get to work!" the Demon roars in a completely different voice.  I begin to wonder if he has shifting power.  
"We are loyal subjects of her Royal Highness and you will not harm her," the pair sang.  I smile at the strength of my power and in awe at the thought of how much stronger I will become.  
"Useless trolls," the Demon said dismissively.  And with that he flung the two away like yesterday's trash.  I watch as they go flying through the air and land behind a group of trees.  I square my shoulders in preparation to fight.
"Maddie no!" yells Bash from behind me.  Before I know it both him and Lance are next to me.  "Get her out of here," orders Bash.
"Don't you two have a pissing match to finish?  I've got this!"  I turn my attention back to the Demon and conjure a fireball.
"Now!" yells Bash, and with that Lance grabs me by the waist and two seconds later we are on my front porch.
"Ssss," hissed Lance, "Damn that burns."
"Wait, what did you do?  How did we get back here so quickly?"  I ask looking at my door.
"I had to get you out of there Maddie, I'm sorry.  Look I'll go back and help Bash.  Just go inside and stay put until we get back," Lance says wincing.
"Why did you do that, I can help.  I'm probably stronger than the both of you put together," I jab.
"I'm sure that's true but our jobs are to protect you.  I'm sorry."  I look at him with thoughtfulness in my eyes.
"Did I burn you with my orb ball?" I ask in a sympathetic tone.
"Yeah, hurt like hell too," Lance replies with a shy smile.
"Good!"  And with that I walk into my house slamming the door.  I could only imagine Lance's dumbfounded expression.  The nerve of them.  Granted they are trying to keep me out of harm's way, but I know I could have taken that Demon.  I run up the stairs and head straight for my alter.  In one swift move I light the candles aligning the top of the alter.  Invoking the spirits I channel my magic into locating the guys.  Closing my eyes the vision of their whereabouts starts off blurry but soon becomes clear.  They are walking out of the park side-by-side, Bash carrying our picnic basket.  As they reach Bash's car they shake hands.  
"Nice job man!  How much crap did Maddie give you for teleporting home?" Bash asks as he opens his car door.
"Yea, you too, man.  Well before slamming her door in my face, she got me back unintentionally with a power orb."  Bash must have been looking at Lance questioningly, because Lance further explains.  "The orb she was conjuring right before I grabbed her burned the hell out of me.  When she asked if it was her orb that hurt me, I said yes.  Her response," Lance pauses, "was good."  And the two bastards bust into a roaring laugh.
"What the hell!" I say out loud.
"Whoa," the guys say together.  "Did you feel that?"
"It was like a wave of anger rushing through me," said Lance.
"Let's get out of here, who knows what will come looking for that Demon I destroyed," Bash points out.  "Want to head to Maddie's and do some damage control?"
"Maybe you should go, I think she may want a break from me."  Lance offers Bash his hand once more and he turns and walks away.  I watch as both enter their car and drive away.
"I'll give you damage control," I snarl.  I would put him in his place just as I did Lance.  And if he argues maybe I'll burn him too.  I close my closet door and head to the bathroom.  Looking in the mirror I barely recognize myself.  This past week's events have aged me considerably, but not in a bad way.  I have matured and am ready to take on the task of finding my mother, especially knowing the question is no longer if but when.  Combing my hair I sense the shift in energy.  Bash is in my room waiting for me.  Let the bashing, no pun intended, begin.
Walking back into my room I find him laying on my bed.  "I don't recall inviting you into my bed," I say sternly.
"Of course, you are absolutely right.  I apologize Princess," Bash responds as he rises from my bed and sits on an armchair by the window.  I sit on the edge of my bed facing him.
"What can I do for you?"  I am all business as I wait for my opportunity to pounce.
"I believe you have come to a decision in haste.  You need to give us both a chance, as we have to give you the space you need.  So basically, I am here to apologize, and ask for a second chance.  For the both of us."
Whoa!  I totally wasn't expecting this.  I certainly wasn't expecting the second shift in energy at that moment.  "Well I have to admit I didn't expect you to say that."  I get up from the bed and walk over to my closet.  "In fact I expected you to justify yourself and throw Lance under the?" and just before finishing my sentence I use my magic to throw open my closet door.  Lance comes tumbling out and falls right by my feet.  I look down at him as I finish my sentence.  "Did the two of you think ganging up on me would help your chances?"
"I didn't know he was coming.  I thought you wanted me to handle things," Bash said glaring at Lance.
"Oh you mean the situation?  You know Lance you should have more faith in him.  He was handling the "situation" quite well.  He was working on convincing me to give both of you a second chance.  But of course you already knew that since you've been hiding in my closet eavesdropping."  I look to both Lance and Bash as they each cast their eyes down like petulant children being scolded.  "Don't worry Lance you're stalking nor Bash's attempt at placating will influence my decision.  I want nothing more than a friendship with the both of you.  Take it or leave it."  I cross my arms feeling good about affirming my position, but also experiencing a pang in my heart at the idea of no longer having one of them as a potential love interest.
"I guess there is nothing more to be said here," Bash says as he gets up and storms out of my room.  I stiffen a pout as I turn my attention back to Lance.
"Maddie you need to understand we have your best interest in addition to our owns at heart.  I can't believe I'm admitting this but we both love you deeply.  If something were to happen to you?"  Lance shakes his head as if shaking off a terrible thought.
"I appreciate all the consideration, care, and protection the both of you have given me, but I am not a fragile baby that everyone has to take care of.  I need the both of you to treat me like a woman and not someone to take care of every second of the day.  There are going to be times where I will face danger and will have to do so ON MY OWN," I do my best to emphasize the end of my sentence.
"I wish I could say that I am sorry, but I'm not.  I think our time watching over you is necessary.  You don't have to agree.  I do see your point and it sucks that we ruined our chances.  Do what you need to, Maddie."  I look at Lance searching for sincerity, but am met with anger and resentment.  He has no problem showing how upset he is at my decision.  "You know what I'm wondering?"  Lance asks interrupting my thoughts.  "What your father is going to say about all this."  I look at him quizzically for a moment until the light bulb in my head turns on.  The truth is I will have to deal with one cranky and politically head strong police captain/other realm king.  Because of the apparently necessary departures of the women in my family, it is important for me to marry so there is someone to rule while I am away.  Well if I go away.  Hey! Is this not the 21st century, I don't need to marry to get someone to fill in, I think to myself. 
"There is no need to concern yourself about my father.  He and I will work out whatever political affairs necessary.  And besides, I doubt you and Bash are the only eligible bachelors desiring a position at the throne," I could tell that last part stung, and I almost felt sorry, but my inner voice was shouting SORRY, NOT SORRY!!  That is Lance's cue to get up and leave and he did so with such ferocity I think he is going to break something on the way.  Instead he stops directly in front of me.
"Good luck with your search."  I reluctantly look into his eyes.  The hurt is immense and I can see tears and a burning fire begin to build.  Not wanting to cause him pain I begin soothing him telepathically.  "No, stop!  I don't need you comforting me magically or in any other way."  I wince at Lance's sharp tone and watch as he storms out.
Chapter 17
The night is a restless one as I experience mixed feelings of guilt and pride.  After watching the time change from 4:45am to 5:00am , I decided to get up and go for a run.  The night still looms on but the sense that day is approaching can be felt.  I lace up my workout sneakers and quietly walk down the stairs.  Before putting my cell holder on my arm I choose a playlist and turn up the volume as loud as possible before going over the recommended level.  I secure the band on my arm, and walk out the door.  Although there is no one out, I look around to double check before using magic to lock the door.  I even go as far as pretending I am using a key.  I slip the pretend key in the back of the holder and set off.
I decide to walk down to the track field in Memorial park.  The walk is all of 10 minutes but serves as a good warm up.  I cross the normally busy main road in no time, but decide to take the side entrance through the woods.  There is a small path that lines the miniature golf course and leads to the entrance to the tennis court.  I begin my run as I enter the woods.  The sound of Pit Bull's Shake Senora booms in my ear making me want to shake my money maker as I run.  Realizing that would probably result in an embarrassing, and painful fall, I reign in the need to show that my hips don't lie.  I decide to start my run with a slow jog taking in the area around me.  There are squirrels and birds loitering about the path.  I keep a close eye on the birds, the ugliest and most vicious of shifters use birds as their go to animal.  Not surprising considering their ability to fly and fool humans into thinking they are harmless creatures just hanging around.
As the music switches I think I hear a noise behind me.  Thinking it is just my imagination I continue on as one of my favorite David Guetta jams starts to play.  I am approaching the exit of the woods that leads to the main portion of the park when I stop in my tracks.  Shock and disbelief overwhelms me as I look into the angry, cold eyes of my Grams.  "Grams is that you?"  I say hesitantly.
"I went to your room but obviously you weren't there," she replies sternly.  I approach with caution.  As I get closer her figure blurs.  She's not physically here but is astral projecting herself to me.  I know I am in trouble if Grams chooses to exert her power just to talk with me practically face-to-face.  We could have had this conversation over the phone if you ask me.  "Why don't we walk over to a bench and talk," she says with disdain. 
I follow the figure of my grams to a nearby bench.  I am going over the bullet points I planned on making when I finally faced my father, choosing which ones stand a chance with Grams.  "I know you must be disappointed, but I am sure there must be more suitable options for me.  Granted the two of them have done a great job protecting me, they have no respect for me and my abilities.  I truly believe if I am to rule well I need someone who will nurture my strengths not work to hinder them."  I take a breath to gage how I am doing with convincing her, but she is giving me a passive look that tells me nothing.
"Are you done Madeline?"  Oh no, she called me Madeline, this is not going to be good.
"Yes, Ma'am," I murmur.
"First I will say yes, I agree there are likely more suitable catches for you, however, are there any out there you will have feelings for?  You are now living in an era where you can choose a partner you love as opposed to one that the great counsel chooses for you.  I do not believe for a second that by dismissing both Lance and Bash you are exercising your rights effectively.  As a matter of fact I think you are running from the burden of breaking one of their hearts."
"Grams I have barely had an opportunity to spend time with them.  I have no idea if I could love either one," I whine.
"You know that is not true, and once more you know you love them both.  The question is do you choose the love from the past or the one from the present?"
"That's another thing driving me crazy.  People keep eluding to the this special connection Lance and I had in the past.  I wish I could remember my relationship with him.  All I have learned is that it rekindles and ends by some magical means every lifetime.  The details are there but so foggy."
"Maddie where did you get the idea that you and Lance end because of magical means?"
"The?" I take a pause to think it over.  Was it the book?  No.  Was it Amelia?  No.  "I guess I was making an assumption," the realization staggers me.
"I am going to break the rules here and clear up your fuzzy memories.  I am hoping that this will make you rethink your decision to dismiss them both.  Just keep in mind that this is not a reason to choose one or the other.  And I have to warn you that this recollection of memories will be a difficult pill to swallow."
"Wow, that bad, uh?"  I begin to rethink my wish and wonder if I should take back my decision not to consider either one.  
"I have to go sweet pea, but I just wanted to say the girl I raised is not a quitter and would not run away from her problems.  And despite what you have said to justify your position, at the end of the day you are doing nothing but running.  When you wake up tomorrow your memories of your previous life will be restored.  Use the knowledge well.  I love you."  We take a lingering look at one another and just as suddenly as she appeared she disappeared.  I knew going for a run would be beneficial.  Or at least I hope it turns out to be.  Deciding to continue my run, I get up and head out of the woods.  I turn up the volume this time well past the unsafe mark and speed up my run.  Before I know it I have done 8 laps around the track and am feeling winded.  For a cool down I walk toward home.  Doubting Grams will appear again I walk toward the main entrance.  As I get to the parking lot I see Bash pull into a spot.  Still unsure what to say to either him or Lance I continue walking past.
"So you're not even going to be cordial," Bash says as he gets out of his car.  My first thought is I still have my headphones on, he doesn't know whether or not I can hear him.  But decide to take the mature approach and stop.
"Hey Bash, I wasn't sure if you were talking to me."  He removed his shades and my heart breaks at the sadness that is in his eyes.  He saunters over to me wearing black basketball shorts and fitted blue boy beater.
"I actually wanted to apologize for storming out yesterday.  I don't agree with your decision but I will respect it.  Truth is I am hurt.  But I do not think your reasoning is wrong.  To an extent I am holding back for your safety, maybe that is wrong, but Madeline you are my number one priority."  That was unexpected and further made me question whether I did the right thing.  Wanting to wait to get back my memories before saying anything to the guys, I was reluctant to speak about the topic any further.  But from the look in his eyes, I just knew I had to give him something.
"I guess that's what happens when you speak out of anger.  You hurt the ones you care about."  His look of sadness softens a bit and there is a glimmer of hope.  I smile internally.  I really do care for him I'm not sure why I am fighting it.
"You almost sound like you regret it," Bash says as he stares into my eyes looking for reassurance.
"I have a lot to mull over and some decisions to make.  So I better get going," I say hastily not wanting to elaborate.
"What kind of decisions.  You're not going to leave are you?"
"No, I have no plans to leave.  I just think it's time I accept my position and role.  And there's a couple of mysteries for me to solve."
"Really, I'm intrigued," Bash says with a smirk.  "Can I help with anything?"
"Maybe, I'll let you know.  I'll talk to you later," I say as I start to walk away.
"Will you?" Bash asks stopping me in my tracks.  I turn and look at him questioningly.  "Talk to me later?"  Realization hits and I smile.
"Probably sooner than later," I smirk back, turn, and head home.  As I walk home I plan my day out.  After a shower, I will complete my makeup assignments, and then start doing my research on who or what was lingering in my backyard last week.  I am also going to dedicate some time into my mother's search.
Arriving home I head straight up stairs and into my bathroom.  I stop just as I approach the sink.  Someone has been in my room again.  The energy is really strong and feels more intense as I go back into my room.  I decide it's time to ask for help.  "AMELIA," I yell.  In a blink of an eye she's standing next to me.
"What's wrong, are you okay?"
"How did you?  I didn't even hear you come up the stairs."
"You yelled, you never yell.  I teleported.  What's wr?" she stops immediately.
"You sense it don't you?"
"An unfamiliar witch has been in here," she says as she walks toward the closet.  "She was in here trying to penetrate your altar."
"You sense it too?"  I am surprised and start to question my abilities.  Grams trained me to conceal my sacred space from detection.  Whoever is visiting me should not be able to tell an alter exist in here.
"The concealment charm you use only works on intruders.  Your father and I live here and therefore are not considered intruders.  But rest assure we cannot open it.  Your mysterious visitor has not yet figured out how to get in either.  I can tell you her intentions if you can find out who she is.  I can tell you she is your age and quite powerful.  Let me gather some herbs, we can do a locator spell to see where she went after leaving here.  If we are lucky she returned to wherever she calls home."  Amelia snaps back out of the room and I stand feeling sweaty, disheveled, and violated.  Before I have too much to dwell on, Amelia is back in my room with a stone bowl in hand.  "Infuego," she says and a small flame appears in the bowl.  The smell of the burning herbs is intoxicating.  She moves closer to the closet and a dark orb derives from the top of the flame.  As it increases in size a picture shows up in the center.  I immediately recognize the brick building as my school.  So Amelia was right, she is someone around my age with possibly the same classes.  I have to be on the lookout when I head back on Monday.  The orb gets bigger and the picture becomes clearer.  There is a petite blonde standing in front of the school.  She is alone which is to be expected since there are no classes going on right now.  She is looking from left to right as if waiting for someone or something.  Not too long after a blue jeep pulls up and I immediately recognize it as Lance's truck.  He stops right by the girl and she runs around the car and jumps in.  And just as the orb faded in, it fades out.
I sit on the bed in complete shock.  Lance knows the person that has been lingering around my house.  "Amelia, can you tell if she's been anywhere else in the house or around the outside.  The backyard to be more specific."
"Yes, now that I have her essence it will be that much more easier."  She leaves this time through the door and down the stairs.  I sit on my bed thinking about the memories I lost and wondering if the ones about Lance are bad.  
"Alright Madeline you have a lot of work to do, get up and work on the things you have control of and stop worrying about what you can't."  After repeating my mantra a couple of more times and thanking Oprah for her constant guidance, I get up and go to the bathroom.  After a nice hot shower I feel refreshed and ready to face my homework.  I grab my books, my laptop, and my cell, and decide to work in the library.  Walking down the stairs I find my father and Amelia in deep discussion.  They both look up as I enter.
"Maddie are you okay?"  My father asks, his voice laced with concern.
"Yea, I'm fine, I'm just heading into your library to do some school work.  Amelia did you discover anything?"
"Maddie, this is your home, so it's your library as well," my father says stopping Amelia from answering.  We both look at him and each other wondering if it is safe to continue.
"Um, yes, I found some lingering essence of the girl in the backyard and back door entrance.  I am guessing that is how she is getting into the house."
"I'm going to call Lance and question him once I'm done with all this," I say lifting my books.
"Perhaps I should talk to him," my dad suggests.
"No it's okay I have something else I need to talk to him about, so I can kill two birds with one stone.  I'll keep you guys updated,"  I say before turning and heading to the library.  My favorite place in the house is the library.  The smell of the books, the comfort of the furniture, it is just what I need to fully escape.  I open my intro to psychology book and get started.
Four hours later my assignments are typed, proofed, and emailed to the respective professors.  I yawn and stretch as I rise from the table.  Gathering my things and turning off the computer I leave the library and go straight for the kitchen.  As usual I find Amelia preparing a meal.  "All done, finally," I say as I take a seat at the island.
"I figured you would be famished, here I've made you a sandwich."  Hmm a tuna sandwich on a freshly baked baguette.  What more could girl ask for?  
"Thank you so much," I say with my mouth full.  Amelia smiles as I devour my meal.  
"When you are done there's a spell I want to try with you, to help gather more information on our unwelcomed guest."
"Okay, but I want to talk to Lance first.  I am hoping he'll be forthcoming with the information."  Amelia shrugs her shoulders in indifference.  Clearly she doesn't believe Lance will be honest.  Considering I don't remember much about him and he is reluctant for Bash to clue me in, I have to say I am inclined to agree.  Once I am done with my lunch I clean my dishes and head up to my room.  Putting my books back in my bag I grab my phone, take a deep breath, and dial Lance's number.  After two rings the call goes to voicemail.  Thank goodness!
"Hi, you've reached me, well I guess you haven't, but leave a message and I'll get back to you."  Beeeeeppp.
"Hey Lance, it's Maddie.  I know I am the last person you want to hear from right now, but I really need to speak with you.  It begins with an apology, so please call me back.  Thanks."  And with that I hang up.  Knowing how upset him and Bash are at me I doubt I'll be hearing from him.  If he doesn't call I'll just have to corner him in school.  I need to know what he's doing with that girl and if he knows that she's been snooping in my house.  I wait a few minutes before taking myself downstairs in search of Amelia.  Her identity spell will hopefully shed some light on who the girl is, although my main concern is what she's after.  As I am heading down the stairs my cell rings, it's Lance returning my call.  Oh, good, maybe he's not that mad.
"Hey Lance, thanks for calling me back," I start.
"Listen you home-wrecking trollop, you had your chance and you blew it.  Leave him alone he is no longer interested," says a snarky female voice.
"Who is this, and why do you have Lance's phone?"
"I'm Lance's girlfriend, so back off, or I'll make you.  You don't want to get on my bad side."
"Look I don't know who you are, but tell Lance to call me.  And fyi insecurity is an unattractive quality."  And with that I hung up on her.  I begin to wonder if this girl is the same that's been snooping around.  It could be that she was trying to find out more about me to retaliate for whatever she thinks I have done.  And how dare Lance pursue me when he has a girlfriend.  I walk into the kitchen to find Amelia has taken out all the ingredients she needs for the spell.
"Maddie are you ready, did you speak with Lance?"
"No I left him a message, and some girl called back.  She accused me of trying to take him from her.  I can't help wonder if she is the mystery intruder."
"Maybe, a lover scorned," Amelia says in a matter of fact kind of way.
"I just don't understand why he would come after me if he has someone.  I mean is he really that hungry for power?"
"Sweetheart despite what this world thinks about men and women holding high positions, in our world it is birth right that determines power.  So despite what position a man marries into at the end of the day you are the Queen and he would be King by marriage.  That would give him no power or privilege.  For any reason you decide to end things with him he will leave with what he came in with.  As your King he can advise you but he does not have the position to make any decisions or make any demands of you or your subjects without your say so.  It is pretty safe to say Lance truly cares for you and not so much your position."
"Wow, my reign sounds like it will be in an alternate universe.  This just doesn't make any sense," I say shaking my head.
"Once you talk to him, perhaps it will all be clear.  Let's head to the backyard and begin the incantation."  We walk outside each holding two bowls and two, white candles.  We place four candles strategically around us to enclose us in a circle, and the bowls go in between the gaps.  "When I finish repeating the spell three times we will both jump out of the circle giving the mystery person space to appear in the circle.  Ready?"  I nod my head in agreement.
We close our eyes and Amelia recites, "uninvited appareant, identitatem vestra nota sit" and after the third time Amelia and I jump out of the circle.  A fog forms within the circle and as it dissipates a beautiful, petite, blonde appears in the center.  "What is your name," asks Amelia. 
"I am Abagail Malone."  Amelia gapes at the apparition in shock.
"What coven do you belong to?"  Amelia's follow up question catches me off guard.  She must recognize her as being a witch.  It should not matter what coven she belongs to.  We have not only conviction but also proof that she is up to no good.  That gives us the right to protect ourselves without interference from her group.
"I am of the O'Maloileoin.  We do not subscribe to a coven but protect our family."
"What do you want with the Calderon family."
"My family wishes to merge with the Rodriguez family.  Our group numbers are dwindling and we are in need of a strong marriage alliance that will lead to an increase in our population.  Currently the Princess's interests are preventing the union."
"And how were you planning to stop her?"
"My mission is to collect information on her and use it to come up with a plan.  I have yet to obtain enough details.  But as it seems that is inconsequential since she has expressed her lack of interest in Lance Rodriquez.  I only need to make sure she does not interfere any further."  I swallow hard at her words.  It seems everyone has a political agenda in the supernatural world.  I guess since Amelia's other vision shows him picking Abagail up from the school he may have already consented to be hers.  My heart begins to ache as I take all this information in.  Would it be right for me to interfere?  Do I even want to?  Although I have gravitated to both him and Bash, the intensity between Bash and I cannot be matched.  And I have to keep in mind what I learned during my time travel.  Bash and I are a better match politically.
"Recedemus!"  shouts Amelia.  And Abagail disappears into a fog, which also quickly goes away.  In one flick of her hand the flame in all four candles blow out.  She walks up to me placing her hand on my cheek.  "Are you okay?"
I look deep into her eyes unsure of what to say.  So I say the first thing that comes to mind.  "I guess my decision has been made for me.  I'll talk to Bash tomorrow."
"Sweetheart I'm sorry you are placed in this position.  We are going to have to talk to your father about this as well as Abigail's family.  Their situation is unfortunate but the way she is going about things is not how it is done.  Technically Lance is already betrothed to you and only you can give permission for him to seek another.  Although truthfully I do not think he wants to be with anyone else.  This does make things more complicated for you, especially if we are wrong about his feelings for you, but I'm certain we are not.  Are you going to talk to your father or would you rather I do it?"
"Perhaps things will run smoother if we do it together."
"Yes, you are probably right." Amelia agrees.  "Okay.  Why don't you head inside.  I'll clean up."
"Thank you.  For everything," I say to Amelia right before giving her a huge hug.  I can feel her smile on my shoulder.  I am so lucky to have had so much positive guidance in my life after losing my mother.  Walking back into the house I go straight upstairs to unlock my altar.  I need some crystals and candles, which I will take to the park where my mother disappeared.  It is easier to recall the memory of her vanishing if I am in the spot it took place.  Grabbing an old gym bag, I uncover the altar and start packing the materials I need.  At the top of the altar sits the one-eyed book.  Glancing at it, I recall my thought that it has something to do with my recent travels.  I reach up and stroke the binding.
"Well hellllloooo Princess.  What can I do for you?"
"I need a locator spell for something lost in the past," I reply.  The book's eye looks at me speculatively.
"Princess I hold nothing in my binding that will help you locate your mother.  She is in a world beyond your imagination."
"But the locator spell you do have will take me to the point and time she was last in this plane?"
"Well yes of course, if you want to time travel again, but this time go to the past, you can find her that way," the book says casually.  I knew it!  The book is the reason I went into the future.  The book said it wouldn't get involved but only serve as a guide.  Yea, right a guide.  He basically threw a young child into the deep end of the pool while yelling swim child, swim!
"Okay, thanks anyway."  I prepare to place the book back on the top shelf.
"Wait, wait, Princess," the books calls out.  "What are you going to do?"
"I have a couple ideas in mind.  If they don't work I will go back to researching."  This time I ignore the book's calls, place it on the shelf and close the altar."  I close the closet put on my sneakers and prepare to head to the park.
Chapter 18
The playground in the park is littered with families and small children running and playing.  I walk past and head toward the trail leading to the woods.  Just past a tree destroyed by a thunderstorm is a clearing that leads into the meadow my mother and I played in before she was taken.  Once getting through a group of small trees and tons of weeds is the meadow.  Nearing the edge right before a cliff I set my bag down and start to unpack.  I place the candles down in the shape of a star and the crystals in the center.  I begin to chant and call the spirits for strength to get through to my mother.  The wind increases and the ground shakes.  I stumble and find myself lower to the ground.
"Come on Maddie, catch me!"  I hear her voice and I want to jump up and join her.  I look around and see my mother coming out of the woods and into the clearing.  Following not too far behind is my 6 year old self laughing and giggling.  We both look so alien, happy, care free, no clue about what is to come.  My mother draws nearer and reluctantly I look away and up at the sky.
In my memories I recall the sky opening up and swallowing her.  A rustling in the trees to the left catches my attention.  Wearing a long white gown and wreath made of baby's breath and crystals was my grandmother.  She was chanting but I cannot hear the words, and as my mother runs closer in my direction the sky darkens.  The cyclone quickly forms.  My mother stops running as she gazes at my grandmother knowingly.  With sadness in her eyes she turns and faces the younger version of me.  She speaks the words that I have heard in so many of my dreams, and I watch as the twister touches down.
My mother faces it, leisurely walking forward taking a pause right next to me.  If I didn't know any better I would say she could sense me.  She looks in my direction and frowns.  Shortly after my mother takes her final steps she is swept up by the tornado.  
The clouds lift and the sun is shining brightly once again.  Little Maddie stands in the meadow staring at the spot our mother was standing in just moments ago.  I remember holding back the tears as our mother implored us to be strong.  Turning to give my younger self a lingering look I notice something glimmering on the floor.  I walk forward and find a necklace with a fire agate crystal in the center of a pendant representing our family's crest.  I begin to wonder if the necklace is still in the woods after all these years.  My grandmother suddenly materializes next to my younger self as if she hadn't been on the side watching everything.  Once again the ground begins to shake and the trees sway along with the wind.  I fall back landing hard to the ground.  Still protected by the circle I wait for the change to pass.  Once all is quiet again I sit up wrapping my arms around my legs and weep.  I cry hysterically for my mother, my grandmother, and for myself.  The book warned me to be careful about the information I seek.  I knew things would be hard, but never in my wildest dreams would I think my grandmother would keep these many details from me.
Wiping away the tears I step out of the circle to look for the necklace.  Unfortunately the sun is masked by a group of clouds taking away my chance of spotting the shine of the crystal.  Walking up ahead I search the grass and nearly in the same spot as my mother stood in lies the necklace.  I hold the pendant in my hand and the crystal begins to shine.  I can't shake the feeling this was meant for me to find.  Not sure if it is a key to my mother's disappearance I place it in my bag.  I pack all my supplies and head home to meet with the girls.  It is almost time for our first practice for the talent show.  Hopefully this will go well.  I need a break from everything that is stressful and challenging in my life.
Chapter 19
I get home and bring my things straight upstairs.  Walking over to my closet I put out feelers for any more visits from Abbey.  Sensing the fading of her magical essence I open my closet and unveil my altar.  After placing my things back where they belong I hide it once more and focus on the clothes.  Opting for comfort I choose a pair of yoga pants and a racerback t-shirt, which I pair with neon blue sneakers.  Checking the time I realize the girls will be arriving shortly, so I quickly change and head down to grab something light to eat.
As usual Amelia is in the kitchen, and she's prepping for the arrival of the girls.  Laid out on the island is a veggie platter, fruit platter, and small cookie platter.  She is putting together an ice bucket filled with bottled water and Gatorade as I enter.  
"Hi, everything is ready for your practice, and your father has made space for you girls in the gym.
I look up in shock, "gym, what gym?"  Amelia looks at me in surprise.
"I thought your father took you on a tour.  I'm sorry I would have showed you around if I had known.  Come, grab a tray and I'll show you the way."
Grabbing the ice bucket and a tray I follow Amelia as she opens a door to the right of the kitchen entrance.  The door leads to carpeted stairs that wind down into a deep and expansive basement.  "The outside of the house is very misleading.  I would have never guessed it is this big."
Amelia smiles as she put the trays of food down.  "Later if you're not too tired I'll give a proper tour."  I put the bucket and tray down as well and walk around the dance studio.  
"Wow, the basement is the length of the house.  My father didn't build this just for us, did he?"  I ask perplexed.
"You're father had this put in once we learned you were coming to live with us.  As a child you loved to study and perform dance.  He wasn't sure if it was something you continued with."  Thinking back I remember the argument Grams and my mother had about the style of dance I should study.  Grams insisted on ballet, whereas my mother saw me doing jazz and hip hop.  As it turns out my mother was right.  I gravitated towards hip hop and dabbled in a bit of jazz.  I looked forward to every recital and could not wait till the end of the school day to get to my lessons.  
"Yea, once my mother disappeared I lost the heart to perform," I said simply looking down at my fingers.
"Madie nothing can take away your heart or love for something.  It is still living within you, but you have to decide when you are ready to embrace it again."  I thought for a second about Amelia's words.  The truth is I didn't really have the time back then.  It was more important to learn to control my ever growing power.  And it made me miss my mom that much more.
"Well I guess there's no time like the present.  I'm sure with Vanessa's cheerleading and dance background she will have some difficult choreography for us to learn."
"Hmm I can't wait to see you girls perform, and I know your father is just as excited.  It's been so long."
"You think my father will come?"
"Of course, why wouldn't he?  When you girls decided to participate he had me mark his calendar with a reminder of the date of the show."  Amelia stands by the foot of the stairs looking at me with shock. "Madie, I know the separation between you and your father has been difficult and long, but he's never stopped caring, loving, or worrying about you."  Mentally I rolled my eyes and not because I didn't believe her, but because I wasn't sure if she was under his charm spell or not.  And I don't mean a literal spell, but his personality.  He's very good at manipulating people into doing what he wants, especially women.  Although I could not imagine my mother falling for it, something kept them together.  The sound of the doorbell takes me out of my thoughts.  Surprisingly Amelia is by the stairs waiting for some response from me.  I look up and try to relay a message of understanding but am met with a frown.  Amelia walks up the stairs.
I start walking to the other end of the basement and find two doors.  The first door on the left, led to a room with an in-ground pool complete with water slide.  Whoa!  I do love the smell of chlorine.  I close the door and open the other, which is a movie room with theater seating facing a bare wall.  Looking up I can see the screen holder which takes up the length of the room.  Now this is how a movie night should be spent!  Suddenly I hear the girls coming down the stairs, so I walk out and close the door behind me.  
"Hey Maddie, are you ready to shake whatcha mama gave ya!!"  Vanessa asks with glee.
"Bring it on!," I respond with a similar level of excitement.
"Oh lord, keep the bootie popping to a minimum please," Hailey says with disdain. 
"Sour puss keep in mind you are our excited audience member," Jessenia chimes in.
"Hailey are you seriously not going to perform with us?" I glare at her.
"Yes, seriously.  It's not my thing."  I decide to hit her with the puppy dog face.  Following suit Vanessa and Jessenia join in.
"Do you three really think that's going to work?"  Hailey seems completely un-phased.  
"Come on you are messing with the four musketeers dynamic."
"Pleeeeaaaassseeee!" We all sang.
"Okay, Okay!  I'll do the routine with you guys if you just stop singing.
"Yay!" Vanessa beams.  And we make a Hailey sandwich.
"Alright! I get the point," Hailey yells.
"Let's start with each of us sharing what performance experience we have.  I'll start first."  After Vanessa's long yet impressive resume, Jessenia talks about her time as Anita in West Side Story in high school as well as her time as head cheerleader.  I share with the girls my years spent taking hip hop and jazz lessons and various recitals, and my role as Queen of the May Flowers.  The girls get a kick out of it and start hysterically laughing hysterically at me.
"Hey, that was a lead role," I say defensively with a smile.  That of course prompts more laughter.  I can't help but join in as I think of how important the role seemed to me at the time.  Once we compose ourselves all eyes turn to Hailey.
"Well," she begins nervously.
"It's okay if you don't have any experience.  We'll teach you everything you need to know and I will keep the dance pretty basic," Vanessa says sweetly.
"Actually, I was the youngest dancer to attend Julliard's Summer Ballet Program.  I performed the lead in the end of the summer recital every year I attended.  And I danced for Britney Spears on her first tour."  We all were staring and gaping at Hailey.  Never in a million years would we have guessed she was a dancer let alone one that is so accomplished.  
"Wow, well okay would you mind helping me work on the choreography?"  Vanessa asks with a hint of pride.  Hailey nods as she beams a big smile.  It is the first time she has shown her softer side, well at least in this time frame.  Vanessa walks over to the stereo system, docks her ipod and puts on a fast-paced dance song.  She walks to the front of the room facing all of us.
"Come on ladies, let's warm up!"  We all run to line up and space out in front of her and she takes us through a routine.  "Woohoo, nothing like a little David Guetta to get the blood flowing.  Move it ladies!" Vanessa continues on.  Once the song is complete we are all panting.  Vanessa then plays a soft melody perfect for yoga.  She prompts us to perform some stretches and movements that forces us to engage our cores.  After a long, yet necessary yoga session we are ready to learn the moves Vanessa came up with so far.
Four hours later we've put together and learned more than half of a routine, which Hailey tweaked here and there.  We are all sweaty and exhausted.  "Ugh, I don't think I can drive," said Jessenia.
"That was definitely a workout, but at least our bodies will be ready to complete the whole routine without passing out on stage.  I nod in agreement, grabbing my water and towel.  The girls walk over to the snack table and begin discussing outfits.  Amelia comes down just as I pick up our things.  
"Hello girls, Mr. Calderon would like to know if you will be needing this space until the show?
"Oh Amelia, we don't want to inconvenience him, we can look for another space if he needs it," says Vanessa immediately.
"No, dear it's not a problem.  There is gym at the station I can use.  There's no need to look for another place," says my dad surprising all of us including Amelia.  
"Thank you dad, we appreciate it," I say before Vanessa or anyone tries to insist any further.  After Amelia's comment I want to make sure he knows I appreciate what he's doing.  The girls pick up the rest of their things and we all head upstairs.  Amelia offers the group dinner but they decline.  Once I show them out.  I go up the stairs to take a bath yelling, "I'm going to get cleaned up before dinner."
"Okay, dinner should be ready in an hour." Amelia responds.  My defenses are up now knowing I have had an unwelcomed visitor.  I enter while heightening my senses to detect any further intrusions.  My room is all clear and the essence of Abby is gone.  When I return to school tomorrow I will be sure to confront Lance and Abby.  I don't care if something is going on between them, but they need to leave me out of it.  Once out of the shower I dress in some sweats and t-shirt, prepare my clothes and book bag for tomorrow, and head downstairs for dinner.  After a fun and "normal" meal with dad and Amelia, I head straight to bed.  Between waking up extremely early and dance practice I am exhausted.  It doesn't take me long to drift after placing my head on my pillow.
We are walking together down a busy main street.  Stores and restaurants line either side of us.  Lance releases my hand so he can snake his arm around me.  He uses his left hand to grab my right.  We smile at each other and I feel blissfully happy.  Suddenly a loud screech captures our attention as well as the attention of everyone else around us.  A hot red mustang pulls up next to us practically on the sidewalk.  Luscious blonde curls and a curvaceous body saunter up to us.  "I bet you're real happy, home-wrecker!" she yells at me.  People stop and stare as they listen in on what is sure to be one hell of a girl fight.
"Abigail get over yourself.  You never officially had him, nor has he chosen to be with you.  We are getting married, and you'll need to get over it." I respond in a matter of fact tone.  Trying to be understanding to her position I send out waves of comfort.  And she summons a yellow fireball which she prepares to send my way.  I use an incantation to make quick work of it and before Abigail releases the ball it disintegrates.  "Lance can you please give us a moment."  He looks down at me with uncertainty.  I smile encouragingly and nod my head to tell him it is okay.  He turns and walks a few steps away so that he cannot hear but not too far away that he can't step in.  "Listen I get it, you both were betrothed, but we each have a choice and he has made his.  Why don't you just let us be?"
"You don't get a damn thing.  I was supposed to take the position of Queen not some sniveling little witch.  You are a peasant in comparison to us.  I don't understand why his family is allowing this.  If you or your family had some political pull then I could see it, but this just doesn't make sense.  Unless?"
Her voice trails off and I worry that she has figured out who I am.
"Nah, you couldn't be powerful enough to convince his whole family you are worthy of Lance," Abigail says with a chuckle.  Whew!  I think to myself.  Grams would have a fit if my identity is released before the wedding/coronation.  Lance seems to have grown impatient because he storms right over to me.  
"Maddie we have to get out of here," he says with concern etched all over his face.
"Goodbye Abigail," I say as Lance grabs hold of me and steers me away from Abigail.  She is left standing at the curb glaring at the two of us.  I begin to wonder just how dangerous could she be?  Up ahead I see four, dark, small cyclones forming from the sky.  They land right in the middle of the street causing accidents left and right.
"Maddie this way," Lance says as he pulls me away from the chaos erupting before us.  I pull back forcing him to tug harder on my arm.
"We need to help these people.  Who knows what those cyclones are planning to do.  How can you just walk away?"  Seeing this side of Lance makes me question what kind of king he would make.  
"Maddie I know for a fact the only person that is going to get hurt is you.  They are after you."  I am surprised by Lance's comment and wonder how he knew so much.
"Who are they?" I ask sternly.  Lance looking exasperated bent down to pick me up from my legs.  Anticipating his move, I jump back out of his reach.  "I'm not going anywhere with you, until you tell me what's going on."  But it was too late.  Both of us distracted by each other's stubbornness failed to notice the cyclones had taken form.  Standing behind me were four, tall, solid built Demons.
"Hello Princess.  We have been sent by the elders to escort you to the reincarnation."  I look into the eyes of all four creatures deciding which one to attack first.  The one closest seems like the leader and might have more information.
"Why are you calling me Princess, and what is the reincarnation?" I say with doubt in my voice.
"We have no time for this.  We know who you are, just as I am sure you know what we are capable of.  I suggest you come with us quietly," the leader commands.
"She's not going anywhere!" Lance shouts as he pulls out a sword from God knows where and prepares to go head-to-heard with the Demon.  "Run Maddie," Lance shouts.
"I'm not going anywhere!"  I face the Demons and step into a defensive stance.  The Demon pounds his fists together and everything and everyone freezes, except for me.  I look over and Lance is a sword, yielding statue.  "What have you done?"
"I need to buy some time if you expect an explanation before accompanying us.  The elders need to speak with you about your future.  You have made an uninformed decision.  They want to educate you.  It will take only a short time and no one will know you are missing."  I think this over and am reluctant to go considering my mother nor grams have ever mentioned the reincarnation ritual.  Sensing my apprehension the Demon continues, "Princess don't you want your memories back?"  Now that sparks my interest.  What memories am I missing?  Mustering all the strength I have inside, I take the Demon's offered hand.  I walk with him and his crew to the middle of the street.  Just as they prepare to sweep me into the sky, a white shimmering light appears.
"She's not ready Ethos, I will tell the elders when it is time!"  And with that my Grams sends a glowing orb their way sending them back up to the sky, releasing everyone from their frozen state.  I look at my Grams with shock.
"Why is it so important to keep me in the dark.  I'm not going to bother asking what this is all about, because I know you won't tell me!" I shout in frustration.
"Maddie, are you okay?  What happened?" Lance says as he runs up to me.  He follows my line of sight and bows down as he notices my grandmother.
"Let's get out of here," I say, grabbing his hand bringing him upwards.  We continue down the block walking hand in hand.
"Do you want to forget about dinner and go home?" Lance asks caressing my cheek with the back of his hand.
"Can we just pick up something to go and head to the park?  I really don't want to go home."  I reach up on my tip toes and place a gentle kiss on his cheek.
"Sure, let's get Chinese, the restaurant is right across from the park entrance."  We walk holding each other discussing everything but the events that take place.  Once our food order is placed we sit outside to wait.  "So Maddie, when did your grandmother show up?"
"It's funny how in-tuned we are, I was just thinking about her.  I guess when I'm in trouble she just knows.  She stopped me from going with them.  There is information the elders want to share with me.  She yelled out that I was not ready, and that she would tell the elders when I was.  I don't know what that even means."
"There is so much about our future they know that we can't.  Any change in the way things are supposed to be can lead to major consequences."  His words hit me hard, memories of me in past lives come tumbling through.  "Maddie, hello, Earth to Maddie," Lance says as he waves his hand in my face.
"Oh sorry, I was just in deep thought.  What were you saying?"
"Only that if your grandmother is keeping information from you then it is probably for the best."
"Yea, I know, you're right," I say in agreement.  I look into the restaurant window and see the cashier waving at us.  "Looks like our food is done."  We chuckle as we look at the cashier, whose arms are flailing around like an air traffic controller.  Lance walks in and grabs our food. We walk into the park and find a table available under a tree.  We set up our food and drinks.  Throughout dinner we continue to talk about what happened.  I try my best to maintain a neutral face and not give anything away.  Again I get lost in thought thinking about all the times I felt Lance and my love was missing something.  I could never explain it.  And now I remember, it all comes back to me in one rush.  I need to get in touch with Bash, but how?  
"Maddie, please try not to worry, I'm sure everything will be fine.  Come on, I'll walk you home."  I give Lance what I hope is a reassuring smile and we head toward my house.
Showered and ready for bed, I decide to pick up the phone to call Grams.  Getting her voice mail I hang up.  I'll try her again in the morning, right now I need to rest.  After turning off the lights, I crawl under the covers and drift quickly to sleep.
I wake up with a gasp and immediately break down and begin to cry.  All the feelings I have for Lance and the realization that the answer to my final decision was in my past hit me hard.  I love both Lance and Bash, but in my previous lifetime it was Lance I was preparing to marry.  But at what cost?  I sit up in bed staring at the clock.  I know it is time to get up and get dressed but I am just not ready to face Lance and Abby.  Clearly her feelings for him has carried over into this lifetime, just as ours has.  On a political standpoint a union between Bash and I and Abby and Lance make for an unstoppable force.  Of course that depends on their acceptance of an alliance.  Well look at me thinking like a Queen already.  I think the best person to discuss this with is one who already knows power.  I leap out of bed and head to the bathroom to get showered and dressed.  Once I am done getting ready I head down stairs in search of my father.  In the kitchen I find him sitting at the island chatting and laughing with Amelia over coffee.
"Good morning Father, Amelia," I say in a tone I can barely recognize.  Both look at me curiously.
"Maddie you sound different.  Did you sleep okay?"  Amelia asks.  My father puts his coffee cup down and stands.  Staring into my eyes he takes a step back and bows.
"Good morning my little Princess."  I smile at him and gesture for him to rise, and as he does I take a step closer and place a kiss on each of his cheeks.  Amelia beams and walks around the island to pay me the same respect.
"It would seem someone has her memories back," Amelia says knowingly.
"Yes, Grams thought it best to restore them.  I am still unsure about my marital situation, but for the first time I am not only considering my heart but what is best for the supernatural and non-supernatural community.  Actually father, I want to talk out my thoughts with you.  Get your opinion on a few things," I say while pouring some almond milk in my cereal.  My father looks up at me with a mix of pride and disbelief.
"Of course sweetheart, I'd love to help in any way I can." I notice from the corner of my eye Amelia is smiling.
"First of all now that Grams has taken a position on the Elders counsel I will need an advisor.  Amelia, would you consider taking the role?"  I can see a pang of disappointment in my father's eyes and shock in Amelia's.  
"Your Highness, I am not sure I am the right person for the position.  Your father has excellent leadership skills and has ran the police force in this town for a long time.  I think he would be better equipped."
"That is all true but at the end of the day he is my father.  And he will always put that role first.  I need someone who will be objective and not focus on what is best for me and my happiness, but what works for the common good," I look over at my father who is nodding in agreement.
"I understand, and am honored.  Of course I will take the position," Amelia responds.
"Dad I would like you to be my first general and lead on security for both communities.  I know this is a position typically held by the king, but I have other plans for whomever I marry."  My father nods but says nothing.  I take another bite and wait for both of them to absorb all that I have said.  When I am half way done with my breakfast I turn to face my father completely.  "My heart leads me toward Lance and Bash.  They each possess qualities I would want in a husband and each take different approaches to how they deal with me.  Honestly Lance is the one I would prefer, but I believe on a political standpoint, Bash is my best option.  I care deeply for him and choosing him would not feel like settling but more of a win-win.  I plan to talk to Abby and Lance today after classes.  In our past life they were betrothed but our feelings for each other prevented them from being together.  Just as in the past I believe in my soul they belong together.  Not because I don't think our love is just as strong if not stronger.  But because I want our worlds to be a stronger force.  The O'Maloileoins is a coven that is close to my mother's family and they require a union that will strengthen them.  I want to grant Lance a position in our court and thereby expanding the force we have to protect the two communities I will govern.
"Maddie, it sounds like you have already made your decision.  And I think your plan is a great one.  I hope that you and Bash will be happy together."
"It does, doesn't it?  I am going to wait and see how my talk with Lance and Abby goes today.  I am basing my thoughts right now on what I have learned from my past as well as from my future.  I have yet to take the present into consideration, and the truth is Lance, Bash, and I are completely different people in all three eras.  All three must consent to the plan for it to work.  And I refuse to force anyone into anything."
"Wow, sweetie, if I had known restoring your memories would give you such clarity, I would have championed your grandmother to restore them a lot sooner."
"I have to admit it has helped in understanding who I am and where I am headed.  Choosing which direction to take my life and with whom is somewhat easier when you are sure of yourself," I say sounding regal.
"That it does.  Your mother and I had an advantage because we were completely sure of ourselves when we first met, and she did not have the weight of a crown on her head."
"Why does the position of Queen skip a generation?"  I ask realizing my children will not be eligible to rule.
"Every other generation is bestowed a great amount of power.  You are much stronger than your mother and further along in training for that matter.  It makes more sense that you would rule in place of your mother.  Why exactly the distribution of power occurs this way, I am not sure.  That is a question for your Grams," father says passively.  "I agree with your decision to gather more information on Abby, Lance, and Bash before setting anything in stone."  And with that I nod and turn to finish my breakfast.  Once done I thank my dad for his advice and company at breakfast.  I thank Amelia as well and grab my things for school.  I hop into my SUV, lay my bag and books on the passenger seat and head to school.
As I drive I think to myself everything around me looks brighter somehow.  Besides the nerves I am feeling about confronting Lance and Abby, I am truly and wholeheartedly happy.  I pull into the parking lot and spot Bash stepping out of his car.  I drive into the spot next to him.  He smiles as I wave, and he walks over to my door.  Turning off the car, the doors automatically unlock and Bash opens my door.
"Morning Maddie," Bash says with a gleam in his eyes.  Whoa! I think, has he always looked at me that way?  
"Good morning," I say and without hesitation, I step up on my tip toes and place a quick kiss on Bash's lips.  He stares at me in shock and awe.
"At the risk of pushing my good fortune, what did I do to deserve that?"  He asks.  
"You have been patient, courteous, and a gentlemen.  You understand that I need my space to make what is probably going to be the hardest decision of my life, and most importantly you gave it to me."
"Does that mean you've made a decision?" Bash asks wrapping his arms around my waist.
I make no move to step out of his embrace as I respond, "not quite."  I see the disappointment in his face, but I don't let it affect me.
"Soon Bash, very very soon," I say with a smile.  "Will you walk me to class?"
"Absolutely Princess," Bash replies as he offers me his arm.  We walk arm and arm into the school.  As soon as we enter the large wood doors I put feelers out for Abby and Lance.  I sense they are together and are having a heated discussion.  I have the ability to hear them, but choose to give them their privacy.
"Bash I actually need to speak to Lance and a friend of his.  I was going to wait until after classes but there's so much time before class starts I better try it now."
"Okay my Princess."  Bash wraps one arm around my waist pulling me closer.  He gives me a sweet and inviting kiss.  I open my mouth granting him entrance, but pull away as things heat up. "Until later."  Once my head stops spinning and I can focus on Lance and Abby I find that they are on the opposite end of the building.  I immediately set out to find them.
Along the way I find Hailey, Vanessa and Jessenia congregating by some lockers.  As I approach they bow their heads in unison.  "I see my father or Amelia has spoken to you already."
"No, your Highness you are beaming.  We can tell it won't be long before it is time for your coronation," Jessenia responds.
"Guys please promise me I will always be Maddie to you," I implore.  All three respond with a smile.
"So Maddie," Vanessa starts while putting her arm through mine.  "Who's the lucky boy going to be?"
"All will be revealed in due time," I respond while gently butting heads with Vanessa.  "Right now I have to catch up with Lance and Abby, but I'll see you guys in class."
The three look at each other completely at a loss.  "You have your memories back don't you?" Hailey asks.  I nod.
"So I guess you all knew they had been taken from me too?"  They each look down unsure what to say.  "Look it's fine.  I just really need to speak to them before things go too far.  It turns out my unwelcomed visitor was Abby.  I need to make my intentions very clear."
"Oh it's about to get real," Jessenia snaps.  We all look at her and giggle.
"Bye guys," I say and set out to find Lance and Abby.  I make short work of getting to the other side.  I don't see them and begin to think I have lost them, but I as I reach the middle of the hall the sense of anger, hurt and frustration becomes ever more intense.  I realize they are held up in an empty classroom airing out their differences.  I take a deep breath and turn the knob.  Both look up at me in shock.  I am on a roll today.
"Forgive the intrusion, but I would like to speak to the both of you.  Hi Lance, Abby, how are you?"
"Yoouu know who I am?" She asks with a stutter.  "I thought you said she didn't have her memories."  Abby says to Lance.
"Yes, I do.  And for future reference if you would like to pay me a visit please be sure to call first and ring the doorbell."  Abby turning beet red gives me a high, I turn to Lance who is giving me a goofy smile.
"My Maddie is back," he says.  We walk closer to each other and he grabs me in a strong embrace.
"Well I haven't decided if I'm going to be yours, but yes, I have regained my memories."  I let go of Lance and look over at Abby.  "I wanted to talk to the both of you.  Abby I realize that you have strong feelings for Lance and that your family's position depends on you two forming a union.  But I need to consider what is best for the two communities I will eventually rule over.  She stares wide-eyed but nods seemingly in understanding.
"You know that's all I was after back then, I mean, I didn't want to hurt you.  I just felt you weren't even taking other covens into consideration.  Although your family is the most powerful they are not the only nobles.  It was all about what Princess Madeline wanted.  I can see now that I was wrong about you," Abby confesses.  
"I don't know if you were entirely wrong.  The truth is I love Lance and for the most part I was following my heart back then.  Now I am going to think with both my head and heart."
"I guess that means you will be choosing Bash," says Lance as he sulks.
"I don't know what that means.  But I have decided I am going to get to know the individuals you both are now and make an informed decision before the New Year."
"Are you setting a date for the coronation?" Abby asks.
"No, I am taking things one at a time.  First I am starting with choosing my king and continuing my training."  As well as finding my mother, I think to myself.  "I just want to make my intentions are clear to the both of you.  And again Abby I believe you will make an exceptional ally, but if you set foot in my home again without an invitation you will regret it."  I give her an intense, cold look that says I mean business.
"Of course, I am sorry.  I was just trying?"
"I don't want or need an explanation, just don't let it happen again.  I want to be able to trust you.  We need to work on that," I say in a stern yet friendly manner.
"Abby can I have a moment alone with Maddie?"  Lance asks.  Abby frowns, grabs her bag and heads out.
"Abby I really do hope we can become friends."  She gives me a polite smile but the jealousy radiating off of her cannot go unnoticed.  After she closes the door behind her, I walk over to the desk Lance is standing closest to and take a seat.  "So, what would you like to say?"
"Only that I have been madly in love with you since as far back as I can remember.  Do you remember how we met?"  Lance's look of hope is endearing.
"The first time we saw each other was not actually the first time we spoke."  Lance gasps, I look into his eyes and continue.  "We first laid eyes on each other when we were young kids.  It was at a ball held in honor of my great great great grandmother.  It was the only occasion children were allowed to attend.  You were running around with another boy trying to look up women's dresses.  Just as you were about to go up my great aunt's dress you looked in my direction and our eyes locked.  I smiled at you and you stuck your tongue out at me."  We both laughed.  "But the first time we spoke was shortly after you turned.  We were teenagers and I was sitting in the backyard of my family's summer home painting a picture of the trees.  You came out of an opening and stole my breath away.  At that point I had already learned about other supes and how to detect them, so I knew what you were.  I was terrified of you at first.  You were the first Vampire whose emotions I could not detect.  It was alarming until you were close enough for me to look into your eyes.  Then, I knew your intentions were good, although I don't think you were so sure."  I looked at Lance for confirmation, and he nodded in agreement.  When you spoke my crush began and after two hours of talking I was in love."
"Well I beat you on that one, because as soon as I saw you from the entrance of the clearing, I was beyond in love with you."  I blushed at his words and knew instantly why I cared for him so much.  He is compassionate, brazen yet sensitive, strong, and vulnerable.  He is the ideal balance of man.  But something is missing and it has been missing for more than a dozen lifetimes.
"Do you think that this is one of our problems?"  Lance looks at me quizzically.  "That you loved me longer than I you.  It sounds like it was instantaneous for you, but with me I had to get to know you."
"That my dear is because you over analyze everything," Lance says with a chuckle.  "I am not surprised you had to assess me first.  I bet it is the same with the Demon."  I look down at my fingers as I recall my first meeting with him.  "Isn't it?"
"Maybe, the more time we spend together the more I begin to feel something more than love.  I'm not sure how to explain it."  Lance looks hurt, and I am riddled with guilt.  
"Your decision seems to be made Maddie, but what I don't understand is why are you fighting it?"  He look at me waiting for an answer.
"Because I need someone who not only is an ideal match for me, but also an ideal leader.  I want a partner to rule alongside me, not hold a position beneath me.  There are certain qualities I believe a king should possess, so I am going to organize more outings like orb ball.  I want to see how the both of you lead and get a sense of how you each use your powers."
"Wow!  You are going to make one hell of Queen Maddie.  And whichever one of us you choose will be lucky to be by your side."
"Thank you Lance, for your understanding and support," I say as I get up from my seat.  I give him a hug that lasts for a while.  Lance raises my chin and kisses me with urgency.  I give him access to my mouth and our kiss turns primal.  He more than loves me and I more than love him too.  The truth is I couldn't tell which one I love more, which means I have to rely on these leadership tests.  He reluctantly releases me and we both are fighting to catch our breaths.  "We better get to class."
"We can, or we can hang out here for a while longer," Lance says as he takes a step closer to me.
"Lance," I say with a warning as I wrap my arms around him.  He smiles and rubs his nose against mine.
"Okay Maddie, I will give you the space you need to over analyze," he responds with sarcasm.  I smile back and he reaches down to grab my bag.  "I guess we better go learn something."  Lance grabs his things and we head to class.  We make it two minutes before class and the professor is writing notes on the board.  I look up at my fellow classmates and spot Abby sitting alone in one corner, and Vanessa in the middle.  Vanessa waves, and I wave back signaling her to join me in Abby's corner.  Vanessa gathers her things and meets me, while Lance follows.  Abby's eyes bulge out of her head as the three of us sit with her.  Lance sits on her left, I take her right and Vanessa settles down next to me.
"Hey, how interesting is this class?  It really makes you analyze the way you respond, doesn't it?" I ask Abby.
"Yea like you need any more of a reason to over analyze," Lance throws in with a chuckle.
"Hardee har har," I respond sticking my tongue out at him.  Abby giggles and I join in.  The professor closes the door, clears his throat signifying class has begun.
After class the four of us walk out together discussing the location of our next class.  Hailey, Jessenia, and Archie  meet up with us and I realize how far I have come in the short time I have been home.  When I was young my powers were just starting to develop making it difficult to make and keep friends.  Now, here I am with the makings of a great coven.  Although I have no intention of allowing the group to form a legit coven, it is comforting to know I have friends who will always have my back.  I feel really lucky and excited for the future, for the first time in my life.  Watching everyone talk to each other so animatedly reminds me of a family gathering.  I begin to wonder if I should let them all in on my plan to find my mother.  
"Well I am already in the know," Hailey says to me mentally.  I can feel her smile, which I return.
"Yes, I know supe twinee, I tend to leave my guard down with you.  So does this mean you are in?"
"Honestly I think it's a foolish endeavor, but I can't imagine spending my life wondering what happened to my parents, so yes I'm with you."
"Thanks Hails, I really appreciate it," I beam.
"My name is not that long, don't shorten it again," Hailey snaps.  I can sense a balance of seriousness and humor but I make a note never to call her Hails again.
"Yes, ma'am!"
"Alright people we are going to be late to our next class, let's go."  Everyone laughs at her sternness but quickly complies.  The rest of the day is typical and I am excited when my last class for the day has ended.  Since I was able to catch up on my assignments I have nothing academically to worry about for the next couple of days, giving me time to practice the routine on my own.  The girls and I have decided to hold another practice tonight and they have agreed, somewhat reluctantly, to allow Abby to join in.  I see her in the parking lot and run to catch up to her.
"Hey Abby hold up!"  I yell.  She turns and waves as I approach.
"Hey Maddie, what's up?" 
"I was wondering, well the girls and I were wondering if you were planning on entering the talent show?"
"Actually yes I have.  My study group and I are doing acapella.  What are you girls performing?"
"Acapella, wow," I say with admiration.  Truth is if I had to pick one talent singing would be my all-time favorite.  "We are doing a dance routine."
"That's great!" she replies with excitement.  "Truth is I have two left feet, I would be a disaster."  We both laugh.  
"I hear ya, well I will see you around," I say and turn.
"Um Maddie," Abby says nervously.  I turn back to face her.  "If what you said this morning is true, then I think you should choose Lance.  He would make an exceptional king and leader.  Together you two will make some positive changes in both communities.  And I agree decisions of this caliber should be made with both your heart and your mind."
"Thank you Abby.  I am going to take into consideration how much you love him.  And I can see he cares for you too.  Bash would be equal to the task.  It's not an easy decision to make, but thank you for your understanding."  Abby nods and turns to walk away, and it is my turn to stop her.
"Abby, if it weren't for this situation I believe we would have been great friends.  But there's no time like the present," I say with a smile.  And with that we both turn to leave.  Still not completely trusting her I take a quick dip into her mind.
"If it weren't for this situation I believe we would have been great friends, ya ya ya," I hear her mentally mocking me.  Well Rome wasn't conquered overnight.  She will either fall in line or be dealt with.
I head home to help Amelia prepare snacks and refreshments for another rehearsal with the girls.  I have to figure out a way to thank my dad for allowing us to use his space.  I am sure he will just say it is our space, but it can't be easy for him to hear the same song blaring over and over again.  Amelia is probably the best person to ask for advice on this matter. 
Chapter 20
It is the night of the talent show and everyone is a bundle of nerves.  I walk around back stage to get a break from Hailey and Jessenia's constant bickering.  All around me are student performers warming up and conducting last minute practices.  I pass a group of what I believe to be method actors stretching and preparing their voices.  "Wooohoooowww, woooohooow," one of them says as she sets herself in a standing bow pulling pose.  I find Abby sitting in a corner by the staircase leading to the emergency exit tuning up her violin.  
"Hey Abby how is it going?"  I ask startling her. "I'm so sorry."
"Oh no it's fine.  I'm just doing some final checks.  How is it going for you?"
"Good just walking around trying to let go of the performance jitters," I say with a smile.
"I hear ya."
"Hey Abby you ready?" I hear Bash say behind me.  I turn in shock.  "Maddie, wow, you look amazing," Bash says as his eyes roam from my chest to legs.
"Hi, I didn't know you were performing tonight as well."
"Yea, Abby and I are in this acapella/study group together."
"I didn't know you sang," I say with a giggle.
"And what sweetness, do you find so funny?"  
"Um, nothing," I can feel myself blushing.  "I better check on the girls, um break a leg guys.  Have a great show."
"You too Maddie," Abby says.
"Yes, I'll be watching," Bash says with promise.  Well if I wasn't nervous before I am definitely nervous now.  I make sure to saunter away so that Bash gets a good view of the back of my outfit.  Vowing not to look back and maintain a straight posture and find my way to the group.
"Oh there you are, we've been so worried," Jessenia says with concern.
"I'm sorry I just needed a quick breather.  Is everyone ready?" I ask.
"Quit badgering everyone Jessie, we are all going to do great!"  We all gape at Hailey.  She has never been the encouraging type.  Silence descends in the auditorium as the host introduction music begins to play.  The hosts are one male president from the fraternity Alpha Beta Chi, and a female president from Alpha Delta Chi.  Everyone applauds as the hosts make their way to the stage.  After some funny banter and information about the various school activities tonight's proceeds are going to help fund, they introduce the first act.
After a half hour Abby and Bash's group is called up to the stage.  Their acapella group has opted to perform their rendition of Radioactive relying mostly on their voices.  Abby wows the audience with her violin solo.  Before the song comes to a complete end the crowd goes wild.  I peek through the curtain and I see they are all on their feet.  I glance over at the group and Bash and Abby are giving each other a congratulatory hug, and maintain their hold as they walk off stage.  The pang of jealousy aching my heart was undeniable.  
"Let it go Calderon.  Bash is crazy about you, and he knows Abby is an opportunist," says Hailey from behind.
"Do you know her?  I got the sense the other day when we were all hanging out that you knew something I should."  I wasn't sure if I was looking for a reason to dislike her or if I too could tell she had a hidden agenda. 
"More like I know her family.  The positions they hold in the supe world are due to arranged marriages and not birth right.  Don't get me wrong I'm all for marrying into a good family, but that can't be the only reason.  Anyway as long as she doesn't try anything else with you, I don't care if she hangs out with us.  Now on to more important topics, we are on after this act.  We have to get ready, so get your mind off of everything else," Hailey states sternly.
"Yes, Ma'am!" I say with a salute, which makes her smile.  I follow her to where the girls are nervously waiting.  Hailey came up with a great idea to do a mashup of four different songs, and along with Jessenia created an awesome routine.  We hear the roar of the crowd and we prepare to take the stage.  As the hosts announces our group name we smile at each other and take a deep breath.  
The music starts with the beat from Robin Schulz's Prayer in C and we saunter out in unison.  Once we hit our mark on the stage the beat continues as Ariana Grande's Problem followed by a collection of other songs mesh in.  The audience is giving off some great energy and before we know it, they are up on their feet clapping.  Someone in the front row gets up and dances along with us.  Before we know it the song is over and we are in our finale pose.  We get a standing ovation and as I look out into the crowd I see my dad and Amelia in the center cheering.  I beam at them both as we take our final bows and walk off stage.  The girls and I look at each other and all together we jump up and down cheering.
"Maddie!" exclaims Bash as he runs toward me.  I face him with all smiles and he scoops me up spinning me around.  Finally putting me down we look into each other's eyes.
"Hey, my turn," says Lance from behind me.  Bash reluctantly lets me go and Lance turns me into his waiting arms.  I give him a strong hug but am feeling awkward as I notice the girls including Abby are staring.  Backing away while maintaining a smile, I head toward Abby and give her a huge hug.  
"Congrats Abby, you guys gave an amazing performance."  She is beaming and for once genuine.  Her glee increases as the rest of the group including Bash and Lance huddle closer for a congratulatory group hug.  Keeping Hailey's words in the back of my mind I decide to take a peek into Abby's thoughts.  Enjoy all this admiration while it lasts Princess!  Either way one of your guys will be mine.  I never considered the Prince of the Underworld as an option, but hmm what a yummy possibility.
I maintain my smile while sneering in my head.  Hailey looks up glaring at me with an I told you so.  In the end I don't think she means any real harm, so I decide not give it another thought.  The supe world can be a challenge when you're in a position that is not given at birth.  Marriages do not hold much value unless the union is between two people who already hold a high station.  Hopefully her end game is to protect her family and nothing more.  Right now I don't have the mindset to think about it.  Seeing my father and Amelia tonight made me miss my mother that much more.  Although I hope things between Amelia and my father continue to flourish I still want and need my mother.
Chapter 21
"Madeline, why?  I don't understand.  I am trying my best to make you happy here, and protect you.  I know things have been difficult especially with your recent, um travels, but we can make this work.  There is so much you can learn by being here and what about Bash and Lance, I thought you were going to give them another chance.  Have you really thought this through?"  My father finally stops rambling to catch his breath.
"As I was attempting to say, would it be okay if I went to visit, and I place a strong emphasis on visit, Grams in Massachusetts for the weekend?"  I say while smirking at him.
"Oh, you just want to visit you say.  Ah, I see.  I thought?" his voice trails off and I can see the sadness in his eyes.
"No dad, I have no intention or desire to move there, I just need to see her.  She practically raised me and I know it's only been a few months, but talking on the phone isn't the same."  I had decided on the way home from the talent show not to tell my dad or Amelia what I had learned from my purposeful vision.  Instead I am playing the "I miss her" card.  I really only need a day up there but I have to make this believable.
"Of course you can go sweetheart.  I'll make sure the plane is ready and a pilot is available," he kisses my forward and leaves the kitchen.
Once he left the room Amelia turns and smirks at me.  "So are you going to tell me what you are really up to?"  I smile at her knowingly.  I should have known I couldn't keep much from her.  I decide to tell her about my vision and what I have discovered.  Just as I feared it sparked worry in her eyes.
"Please don't worry about me.  Although I am certain my Grams has information in regards to my mother, I don't think she would ever let someone hurt me."  Amelia nods in agreement but she can't hide the concerned look on her face.  I walk around the island and give her hug.  I turn and head up the stairs to prepare for my upcoming trip.
I put my bag down and begin unpacking my supplies.  Walking over to my altar I first work on sensing whether or not someone, as in Abby, has paid me a visit.  I do not detect an essence, so I open my closet and reveal my altar.  Placing the items back I glance over at the one-eyed book.  Debating whether or not to tell it what I have learned I reach my hand up with the intention to grab it.  And I pause, unsure of what my hesitation is about.  My trust level is slowly but surely going down.  Suddenly I hear someone behind me clearing their throat.  I spin around and find Hailey standing at my doorway.
"Hey I didn't mean to interrupt but my aunt said I could come up.  And what's more I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your thoughts, but the only person you really need to learn to trust is yourself.  Everyone else around you will fall in line, or not, eventually.  You can't control them but you can control the way you react to them," Hailey says reminding me of a younger version of Amelia.
"Thank you, and I know you are right.  I put the last of my materials down and close my altar.  Once my closet door is closed I turn to Hailey who is now sitting on my bed.  I sit across from her and ask, "so what's up?"
"Well my aunt told me about your trip.  And I was wondering if you wanted to make it a girls' weekend.  We'll go take in the sights while you talk to your Grams and then we can enjoy the rest of the time there together," Hailey says hopeful.  
"What has happened to the hard-ass, I don't need any friends, Hailey I met not too long ago?  You going soft on me?" I chuckle.
Hailey laughs before replying, "okay you've got me.  The idea of this ya ya of the sisterhood trip makes me ill, but we can't really protect you from over 200 miles away."  I laugh in turn and shake my head.
"I guess the truth is I don't have a say in this decision either.  So let's make the best of it."
"Are you going to ask the guys to come too," Hailey asks tentatively.
"No, let's keep this strictly girls."  I have to admit a hotel room alone with Bash for the weekend sounds interesting.  Interesting, I think to myself, my first thought is Bash and not Lance.  Perhaps subconsciously I have already made my decision.
"Great, I'll call the girls and we'll make arrangements for everyone to meet here and we can take the same car to the airport.  May I ask what has brought up the need for this visit?  I mean can't you just talk to your Grams on the phone."
"Your aunt didn't tell you?"  Hailey shakes her head in response.  "I just really miss my grandmother.  It's been a few months and I'm just not used to the separation yet."  I felt terrible lying to her, but until I know the truth I can't divulge anything.
"Right, you want to try telling me the truth so I don't have to waste my energy poking around in your more than willing head?"  I realize in this moment that Hailey, just like her aunt Amelia, are two people I will never be able to lie to.  Thinking it may serve my cause better to have her in the know, I divulge the details about my trip to the past as well as my plan to find my mother.
Right before Hailey has a chance to comment, Amelia pops her head into the room.
Hey, aunt Amelia.  Maddie has consented to making the weekend a girls' weekend trip."  It is obvious Amelia couldn't be happier.
"Amelia, why don't you join us?"  I ask.
"Oh no you young girls have a good time," she smiles.
The next day the girls and I are driven by my father's driver to Teterboro Airport.  He pulls right onto the runway, where stairs leading up into the plane are waiting.  Once our door is open he runs to the back of the SUV to unload our luggage.
"This is going to be so cool.  I've never been on a plane before!" says Jessenia with excitement.  Just as I was about to make a comment, I look over at her and realize she is holding up her phone.
"Are you taking a picture of the plane?" I ask.
"No, I'm not that new, Maddie.  I'm talking to Archie," Jessenia responds with a chuckle.  "Say hi sweetie," and we all wave as she positions the phone in front of us.  "Babe where are you?  You look like you are in a spaceship or something," she says with a giggle.  We can't hear his response but whatever he says makes her laugh uncontrollably.
I start to miss the guys and wonder if the trip would have been better if we went as a large group.  We make our way up the stairs with me taking the lead.  Just as I step in I stop in shock.  Sitting around one of the larger tables on the plane are Bash, Lance, Brandon, Carl, James, Neil, and Anthony.  Archie pops out from a door leading to the cockpit.  I turn behind me looking at the girls, "You ladies are not going to believe what we have here."  I step aside so all the girls can enter.  Jessenia runs and jumps into Archie's arms, Vanessa cheers and greets all the guys, and Hailey gives me this disappointed look.
"This was not my doing," I immediately say defensively.  She continues to stare down at me with a look that could kill.  My eyes expand and my defenses go up as I prepare to take on whatever she dishes.
"Gotcha!  I know it wasn't your idea, because it was mine," she says with a chuckle.  She walks past me to greet the guys as I stand shaking my head.  This trip has turned into a lot more than I bargained for.  I just hope having the whole group doesn't interfere with my mission.  I have to speak to my grandmother alone and find out what information she's holding back.  Don't worry, I already have a plan to keep everyone busy while you do your thing Nancy Drew," Hailey sends to me.
"Stop listening to my thoughts already!" I feign annoyance.
"Well stop making it so damn easy to listen."  I sense an eye roll and give one right back.
###
Thank you for taking the time to read my book.  If you want to know what happens next in Maddie's quest to finding her mother and herself read the next installments.  If you enjoyed it, or have suggestions (constructive criticism please), leave me a review at your favorite retailer.
Thanks in advance for your support!
Maymi
About the Author
Currently residing in the New Jersey/ New York area. I am married with one 11 year old son.  In addition to reading and writing, I love to hike, watch sports, and attend wine tastings.  Writing has been a dormant passion of mine, and I have been fortunate enough to finally have the time to put the stories in my mind to print.
Connect with Me:
Follow me on twitter: http://twitter.com/@MayAli1224
Subscribe to my blog: http://thoughtsfeelingsandeverydayevents.blogspot.com/
Discover Other Titles by Author:
The Madeline Calderon Trilogy
The Ascension- Book II - In Progress
The Ruling - Book III - TBW
Confessions of A Commuter - In Progress
