THE UNFORGETTABLE
My dream is not a dream

By GOPI KRISHNA

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2011 GOPI KRISHNA



Thank you for downloading this free eBook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Dedicated to my dearest grandpa, my parents, my mates and my dearest s(ch)weet*……..



*first time in the history of books dedicating to a person, who does not even know to the writer…….
Acknowledgements

My readers, you that is, to whom I owe all my success and motivation. I want to share something with you. I am very ambitious in my writing goals. However I don’t want to be India’s most admired writer. I just want to be India’s most loved writer. Admiration passes, love endures……….
Well, to say this is my book would be totally untrue. At best, this was my dream. There are people in this world, some of them so wonderful, that made this dream become a product that you are holding in your hand. I would thank them all of them and in particular:
Gopal Rao – grandpa, mentor, guru and friend, who taught me the basics of telling a story and stayed with me right till the end.If he hadn’t encouraged me and supported me all the way, I would have given up in the middle…….
Abhimithra,Revanth, Anuroop, Nikesh, Aashish, Nithin, Sandeep, Sreemaan, Uday, Nagarjuna, Amer, Bhavana, Ramya, Tejaswi,Keerthi,……….(well….this is a never ending list as it consists of all my friends)  – amazing friends who always stayed with me in the process. I love them all so much that I could write a book on some of them. Hey wait, Can I?
Bhanu- cousin who always guides me, when I am at cross- roads….
My family for their constant support…..
God, for His love and blessings……..
Mounica – an amazing friend with an irrational, unbreakable belief in me, who always encouraged (encourages) me and stayed with me and handled me and my sometimes out-of-control emotions so well. She (any time) gave me wonderful suggestions and comments on the literary aspect I ever do …. 
And lastly, it is only when one writes a book that one realizes the true power of MSWord, from grammar checks to replace-alls. It is simple – without this software, this book would not be written. Thank you Mr. Bill Gates and Microsoft Corp!

I also want to make a couple of disclaimers. One, this story is inspired by my own experiences. However, this book should be seen as a work of fiction. Also, for authenticity, I have used names of some real places, people and institutions as they represent cultural icons of today and aid in storytelling. There is no intention to imply anything else. I have taken the liberty to have some fun with some one - only because I see you as my own. You only make digs at people you care for…..
With that, I’d like to welcome you to The Unforgettable…….

That was in the overdue summer of 2022, where the date extrapolated on my desk as 22 July 2022.I woke up at dawn and went to a temple nearby to carry out a ritual and returned back home.
Albeit I was 28, I didn’t felt that going to temple is only the job of aged. The moment I returned my dwelling my mother said “What is the forte of today for you to go to the temple early this cock-crow?”
“Nothing” I answered as I wanted no body to know about the epistle which I would receive.
After that, my daily activities continued and I was awaiting the epistle to reach me as soon as it can be physically possible and I think that, I was the most ebullient person at that point of time.
Finally the occasion had arrived; perhaps the epistle is not at all an epistle from a girl, instead it’s from postman!!!!!
The siren of the postman’s cycle and siren of other citizens’ riding on the road sounded in unison but as I was quite fervent, I could discern the signal of the postman. 
I ran to the postman with exhilaration.
”Sir, you have received a registered post, sign at this point and take it“ the post man said. I signed and said “Thank you”. 
As soon as I left the postman I ran hastily into my room so that I should not get discerned with my epistle by anyone of my family members and closed the wicket of my room.
After closing the wicket I turned on the air conditioner present in my room as my carcass warmth had risen up with intense evolution of heat from it. 
If a pyrometer is kept beside me at that time it would definitely show the temperature of my body although it is used in case of radiation type.
I once again prayed to the Almighty before opening the epistle. Here I may be seen to be more spiritual but it is undeniably needed at that point of time. 
Finally I dared to open the epistle and it showed me some grandiloquent words that read as, ”You are selected”, which had paved a way for me to rise to cloud nine.
After that I opened the wicket of my room and as I raised my line of sight I was perplexed to see my grandpa just before the door. As I saw his visage, the expression was so that he was waiting for me.
“What my dear grandpa?”I questioned. “What are you doing in the room for so long time?” he questioned me in overturn.
”Nothing grandpa” I said, not honest under pressure.”Ok” he said and went into my space and sat on my chair and began to explore for something as I peeped behind the curtain.
“What are you searching for grandpa?” 
“Nothing my dear!” he said but I knew that he was not honest as under pressure!!!
I took the letter with one hand from my back pocket and his eyeglasses with the other hand and handed them to him.
As he went on to read the letter I went into the room where the Almighty is placed in my domicile and took some grains of rice (well-known in south India) as called ‘Akshanthalu’ in telugu whose use is to put them on the head of younger one’s by the elder one’s to bless the former.
I reached my space with them and gave them to my grandpa and took his blessings, which I think is the most interesting, orthodox and traditional way to take blessings and also for sure I am not an iconoclast.
“Congratulations! My dear boy you have made it as I anticipated” he just shouted with intense contentment.
“See my dear son your son has made it into one of the most esteemed and pantheon offices of India” he said to my father.
“Congratulations my dear son!” My parents added and I also took their blessings .As of that night this information has passed to all my relatives.
On the next morning I was made busy by an outbreak of phone calls from all my relatives who were wishing me at last in spite of first. Despite of their wishing at last all started their phone call by uttering a five letter word. 
The five letters word was certainly not a ‘hello’. Expect it what it would might be………..yes it’s that five letter word ‘PARTY’.
“Dad, the whole clan is asking party” I said. “Ya, we should give them” he answered straight away without any infinitesimal delay.
If we ask to give parties like these, It’s palpable to say ‘no’ by them at first and after so much of importunate  they would say ‘yes’ halfheartedly but here the scene had happened quite differently which I wish it would go the same way with everyone!!!
Finally on a fine dazzling weekend we arranged a gathering of the whole clan. We enjoyed unto maximum the whole night.
A week anon another epistle reached me which said that I had to attend training for a span of six months in the business capital of India.
I geared up myself to go to Bombay for a span of six months and I boarded on to the Kingfisher airlines to reach Bombay. I was robustly trained there for six months and I returned to my hometown Warangal.
A fortnight later I received another communication which includes my posting details for the job. The epistle read out as my home town Warangal and I am out of the blue and they had ordered me to join on 14 February, 2023.
At last my awaiting the date of 14 February had arrived and all of a sudden a car had been parked in front of our main gate with a cop escort before.
I was just perplexed of all the happening at that time and a bureaucrat who is well fully clad stepped out of the car and opened the main gate of my domicile and wished me “Good morning sir!” and took the file which I was carrying then and requested me to sit in the car.
I was just bewildered by his action and just began to follow his orders in a subconscious mind.
Later the resonance of the cop siren regained my conscious but at that time I was traveling in the car and I just about to arrive at my bureau.
I stepped out of the car and straight away went into my cabin although many officers wished me in-between I just paid my reverence to them instead of having a word with them.
As I entered my cabin it looked to be a well furnished area with a desk in front of my chair, two chairs in front for the visitors to take the weight off their feet, a laptop to the right of my chair which had a good texture on it with the words emblazoned ‘VAIO ‘, an LCD television at the left corner of the room and indeed the name plate on the table in front of me which reads as “Dr.Krishhh IAS” which I ever proud to read.
Yes, I am undeniably the district magistrate and collector. 
As my grandpa said earlier as I entered one of the esteemed and pantheon offices of Indian administration, I do think the same. 
I quite assiduously and passionately performed the duty in my office.
A month later we all shifted to the collector’s residence which indeed was mine. I with my parents and grandpa stayed there quite gleefully.
Six months later as I slept beside my grandpa with whom I ever does, he asked me “See my dear boy you are a magistrate of a district but whom do you think is the best, is the magistrate who gives the verdict or the proponent who argues?”
“It’s apparently the magistrate, whose job is not so sinecure” I said.
“It’s not that the magistrate but the dexterous job of proponent is difficult” he said.
“Grandpa!  You have changed the question, you asked me who the best is but you have stated whose job is intricate” I said.
“Yes my boy the question itself who the best is itself indicates whose job is difficult” he said.
“No, I won’t agree this. It’s not that the arguing on one’s behalf is difficult but judging the decision on one’s argument by perusing the witness is arduous” I said.
“You are a magistrate I can’t argue with you but I will narrate you a story then you decides who the best is?” he proposed.
“Yes” I said and he began to narrate the story.
“There lived two close friends in the city of Venice in Italy which is one of the richest of the world. Among the wealthiest of its merchants was Antonio who was kind and generous man .Bassanio, a young Venetian of noble rank but having squandered his estate, wishes to travel to Belmount to woo the beautiful and wealthy heiress Portia. He approaches his friend Antonio, who has previously and repeatedly bailed him out, for three thousand ducats needed to subsidise his travelling expenditures as a suitor for three months. Antonio agrees, but he is cash-poor; his ships and merchandise are busy at sea. He promises to cover a bond if Bassanio can find a lender, so Bassanio turns to the Jewish moneylender Shylock and names Antonio as the loan’s guarantor.
Shylock hates Antonio because of his anti-Semitism, shown when he insulted and spat on Shylock for being a Jew. Additionally, Antonio undermines Shylock's money lending business by lending money at zero interest. 
Shylock proposes a condition for the loan: if Antonio is unable to repay it at the specified date, he may take a pound of Antonio's flesh. 
Bassanio does not want Antonio to accept such a risky condition; Antonio is surprised by what he sees as the moneylender's generosity , and he signs the contract. With money at hand, Bassanio leaves for Belmont with his friend Gratiano, who has asked to accompany him. Gratiano is a likeable young man, but is often flippant, overly talkative, and tactless. Bassanio warns his companion to exercise self-control, and the two leave for Belmont and Portia.
Meanwhile in Belmont, Portia is awash with suitors. Her father has left a will stipulating each of her suitors must choose correctly from one of three caskets – one each of gold, silver, and lead. If he chooses the right casket, he gets Portia; if he loses, he must go away and never trouble her or any other woman again with a proposal of marriage.
 The first suitor, the luxury- and money-obsessed Prince of Morocco, reasons to choose the gold casket, because lead proclaims "Choose me and risk hazard", and he has no wish to risk everything for lead, and the silver's "Choose me and get what you deserve" sounds like an invitation to be tortured, but "Choose me and get what most men desire" all but spells it out that he that chooses gold will get Portia, as what all men desire is Portia. Inside the casket are a few gold coins and a skull with a scroll containing the famous verse All that glisters is not gold / Often have you heard that told / Many a man his life hath sold / But my outside to behold / Gilded tombs do worms enfold / Had you been as wise as bold, / Young in limbs, in judgment old / Your answer had not been inscrolled: / Fare you well; your suit is cold.
The second suitor is the conceited Prince of Arragon. He decides not to choose lead, because it is so common, and will not choose gold because he will then get what many men desire and wants to be distinguished from the barbarous multitudes. He decides to choose silver, because the silver casket proclaims "Choose Me and Get What You Deserve", which he imagines must be something great, because he egotistically imagines himself as great. 
Inside the casket is the picture of a court jester's head on a baton and remarks "What's here? The portrait of a blinking idiot... / Did I deserve no more than a fool's head?" The scroll reads: Some there be that shadows kiss; / Such have but a shadow's bliss: / ...Take what wife you will to bed, / I will ever be your head — meaning that he was foolish to imagine that a pompous man like him could ever be a fit husband for Portia, and that he was always a fool, he always will be a fool, and the fact that he chose the silver casket is mere proof that he is a fool.
The last suitor is Bassanio, who chooses the lead casket. As he is considering his choice of caskets, members of Portia's household sing a song which says that "fancy" (not true love) is "engendered in the eyes, / With gazing fed."Seemingly in response to this little bit of philosophy, Bassanio remarks, "So may the outward shows be least themselves. / The world is still deceived with ornament." And at the end of the same speech, just before choosing the least valuable, and least showy metal, Bassanio says, "Thy paleness moves me more than eloquence; / And here choose I; joy be the consequence!" He has made the right choice.
At Venice, Antonio's ships are reported lost at sea. This leaves him unable to satisfy the bond. Shylock is even more determined to exact revenge from Christians after his daughter Jessica flees his home to convert to Christianity and elope with Lorenzo, taking a substantial amount of Shylock's wealth with her, as well as a turquoise ring which was a gift to Shylock from his late wife, Leah. Shylock has Antonio arrested and brought before court.
At Belmont, Portia and Bassanio have just been married, as have Gratiano and Portia's handmaid Nerissa. Bassanio receives a letter telling him that Antonio has been unable to return the loan taken from Shylock. Shocked, Bassanio and Gratiano leave for Venice immediately, with money from Portia, to save Antonio's life by offering the money to Shylock. Unknown to Bassanio and Gratiano, Portia has sent her servant, Balthazar, to seek the counsel of Portia's cousin, Bellario, a lawyer, at Padua. The climax comes in the court of the Duke of Venice. Shylock refuses Bassanio's offer of 6,000 ducats, twice the amount of the loan. He demands his pound of flesh from Antonio. The Duke, wishing to save Antonio but unwilling to set a dangerous legal precedent of nullifying a contract, refers the case to a visitor who introduces himself as Balthazar, a young male "doctor of the law", bearing a letter of recommendation to the Duke from the learned lawyer Bellario. The "doctor" is actually Portia in disguise, and the "law clerk" who accompanies her is actually Nerissa, also in disguise. Portia, as "Balthazar", asks Shylock to show mercy in a famous speech , but Shylock refuses. Thus the court must allow Shylock to extract the pound of flesh. Shylock tells Antonio to "prepare". At that very moment, Portia points out a flaw in the contract : the bond only allows Shylock to remove the flesh, not the "blood", of Antonio. Thus, if Shylock were to shed any drop of Antonio's blood, his "lands and goods" would be forfeited under Venetian laws.
Defeated, Shylock concedes to accepting Bassanio's offer of money for the defaulted bond, but Portia prevents him from taking the money on the ground that he has already refused it. She then cites a law under which Shylock, as a Jew and therefore an "alien", having attempted to take the life of a citizen, has forfeited his property, half to the government and half to Antonio, leaving his life at the mercy of the Duke. The Duke immediately pardons Shylock's life. Antonio asks for his share "in use" (that is, reserving the principal amount while taking only the income) until Shylock's death, when the principal will be given to Lorenzo and Jessica. At Antonio's request, the Duke grants remission of the state's half of forfeiture, but in return, Shylock is forced to convert to Christianity and to make a will (or "deed of gift") bequeathing his entire estate to Lorenzo and Jessica.”
At last my grandpa ended the long story with an exciting result to note that it’s the proponent who is very much significant than the magistrate who is on par vital.
“Most adulated story grandpa” I said. But I do believe that the job of magistrate itself is arduous, as a leopard can’t change his spots.
“Yes my dear boy, now it’s time to sleep before that see the expiry date of this capsule” he said and handed over the capsule to me.
 “Grandpa it’s an anachronistic drug” I screamed.
“Oh! Is it so, then throw it in the litter bin and sleep“ he said.
I threw it off and reached my bed to sleep. But while sleeping my thinking was on the dexterity shown by the proponent in the narrated story and that always remained on my brain.
Next day, I habitually went to attend the bureau and as I was working on some of the files a fax arrived, addressing me from the chief minister’s office of Telangana state.
That fax was handed over to me and as I began to read, it read as “You are invited to a conference on technological advancements in the state”.
I was perplexed to see that because I was discombobulated as I did not understand why the chief minister had called me for a technological conference on the state and not even of my district.
Later I was struck with the point that he had ordered me to attend that conference as I was from technical milieu.
A week later he in person phoned me and advised me to attend the conference. I replied him in his favour.
At last the day of conference came through and I was seated among the delegates from around the world and I officialdom presented an idea on the management of technical projects and I think that I presented the idea quite better as I never wanted to go down like a lead balloon.
The multinational companies who attended the conference were very much thrilled over my presentation and they had proposed to sign a contract with the government of Telangana.
The chief minister was very happy as I saw through his eyes and he congratulated me on my achievement.
I returned to Warangal a day later and attended my bureau as usually. I enjoyed the work very much.
And then the days passed through in general.
14th August 2023, this day had an importance to me as I ended my six months of bureaucracy. The next day was the day which every Indian will be ever proud of and I think no prologue is requisite to explain this.
My first flag hoisting was completed successfully on the 76th year of Independence.
That was on the 23rd October 2023,  I sat before my desk pursuing some files presented on the desk with my television on.
Suddenly, breaking news in the news made my heart to beat with a pulse rate of which even heard with a stethoscope we can’t hear that pulse as the frequency is so higher and I suspect that human ear can hear a sound which occurs at 1/10th of a second. 
That breaking news had showed me that the collector of Warangal district had made with some fraud and the ACB and CBI are arriving to his dwelling for a foray.
As of one second I was just before the wicket of heaven and then suddenly I realised that I was in my office and I began to think why I was made to have hell in a handbasket.
Suddenly I regained all my senses as I heard a phone ring, as expected the phone was from my grandpa from my residence who was so overwrought on seeing the news of mine and he was just wobbly in his voice.
“Grandpa….. don’t worry at all if you believe in my duty” I said. “I am not worried on that my boy as I know your work efficiency but my fear is that this media will pull you up to the steps of CBI”
“Grandpa, Media has its own work to do .Don’t blame it. I think they had got some wrong information on that and as we all know they are not at all concerned with the genuineness of information on par with their TRP ratings.”
“Don’t worry grandpa I am coming to home” I said and went of my room to take a car to my home but even though I stood back of my grandpa I had a sense of moist in my eyes as why all this shit happened on my name.
I reached my home and all my family members were awaiting me outside and they were just standing as they were standing for national anthem.
 I observed that another vehicle also came in parallel with mine and as expected that vehicle is from the department of ACB.
I reached jus few seconds before they reached my dwelling. A group of 5 officers showed off their identity cards took the unnecessary permission from the district collector and started their raid off.
Actually I was discombobulated what the allegation was is all about and soon latent hostility occupied my half mind. But soon I made my mind cool and asked the officer near me about the allegation.
“Sir you had issued a major indenture to a party which has not made the requirements for the indenture to take over by receiving the bribe” He said.
“What ……!!! Bribe…!!! No I didn’t make any such indentures “I said.
“Sir, we have received a complaint from the other party about this, so our higher officials ordered us to raid your home “
“Can u show me the proof of the manuscript which I had issued to the party who took that indenture?” I asked.
“Yes sir” he said and began to take a manuscript from a file and gave to me.
I was just bewildered to see that the manuscript was signed by me and it also showed me the proof that I only issued that manuscript to the party.
But I began to see the manuscript completely, as I was keen at the point: as I didn’t issue the manuscript personally there might be some error somewhere in the manuscript and I have to find that.
I ever believe that my logic would never fail and as The Almighty is on my side I found that error as the date printed on it was on the day where I had gone to attend the conference with the chief minister.
Now I believe completely that I never issued that manuscript and there was some error in this.
As soon as I got this point, I immediately rang to the secretariat office on consent of the CBI officer present with me and made the officer concerned at the secretariat to confirm CBI officer that I was on the conference with the chief minister the whole day on the day which is printed on the shown proof of manuscript.
Then the CBI officer was just seemed to be convinced with me but he insisted the raid to continue and I never opted to keep it off even.
But my logic helped me an hour or two to get delayed for the cops to put manacles on my hand.
I thought that it would be dishonour to have manacles on the hands of a district magistrate. So I immediately rang phone to my office (and all work done here in my home are done with consent of CBI officer present as it is a rule to do nothing without his consent)   and asked an officer present to type a resignation letter for my bureaucracy.
I thought this way of resignation ahead of time for the cops to put manacles on my hand is the only high-quality reverence I could give to the well esteemed and profoundly honoured post of district collector.
So I made the request to print the resignation on my letter pad and also to bring it to my residence as I should sign it well before I had manacles on the district collector.
My officer from the place of work reached my dwelling and after he took the acquiescence from the CBI and cops, to enter the room. He then reached me with the resignation typed in.
As I began to read the resignation, I saw the feeling of moist in the eyes on my whole family and also I thought that my grandpa too noticed my eyes with the same feeling and I was between a rock and a hard place.
After reading the profound manuscript, I kept it on my table to have a base to sign on that paper. But as I kept it on the table a gentle breeze itself had blown the paper off to the floor.
The CBI officer, my grandpa and I were just perplexed to see that effect. 
Although it seems to be natural breeze blowing off the light weight paper logically, psychologically and piously it shows something that I should not keep my sign on that and make thou the resignation incomplete.
But I think it’s too sentimental to do so and being in such a post I thought we can never be so over-romantic.
As I thought the aforementioned way, I recollected the paper from the floor and kept it on the same table to have base to sign and as I began to open the cap of my pen and the moment I kept the pen onto the paper a voice had reflected my concentration from the paper to the door.
As I began to stare at the door I saw a girl who was dressed in a pink Anarkali Salwaar kameez with her face totally covered with her dupatta so that we can see only her eyes rather than any other, to have an idea of who she actually is. But she seems to be Punjabi girl.
I also examined that she had an identity card hanging down her neck but I could not make out what it was actually written on the card as I am far away from her.
So for a moment I thought that this young lady was also a part of CBI and came to arrest me and put me behind the bars.
“Excuse me “She said to the CBI executive down at the door who had stopped her to enter in.
So, now I self confirmed that she was not a part of CBI, if she was so then the CBI official would have not stopped her to enter in.
“Who are you? And you are not supposed to enter this area as the CBI raiding is going on” the executive at the door said to her.
“I am a press journalist and I need to talk to the chief of CBI urgently” She said and shown the identity card to the executive at the door.
Then the official down at the door confirmed her as a press journalist and said “Madam Wait here I would go and get permission from my higher official”.
“Yes!” she said.
“Sir, a press journalist had arrived and she wants to meet you urgently” the official said to the chief.
“Yes allow her inside” the chief answered.
But she had a bag with her, the executive at the door checked her bag and confirmed that there were no explosive items and sent her inside.
“Good morning sir” she wished me and the chief in unison.
“Good morning! Who are you” the chief enquired.
“Sir I am a journalist and I don’t want to reveal the name of the corporation for which I am working for” She replied.
“That’s fine and on what point you want to meet me so immediately” The chief enquired again.
“Sir, on the case on which you are dealing now” She replied.
“Oh! Isn’t it” I said even before the chief replied as I was so over the moon to hear those words.
“Yes sir” she replied.
“What’s your point on this case?” The chief enquired. Well this seems to be probing hour from CBI …….yes CBI is mean to be for that itself .
“Sir my point is that the manuscript which you had of the indenture is a forged document” She replied.
“What???? a forged document????!!!!”  The chief perplexed.
“Yes sir it’s a forged manuscript” She replied.
“How could you know this? What is the proof?” The chief enquired again as he was a doubting Thomas.
“Sir here I have the video of the forgery done by some officials in the bureaucracy of our honest collector” She replied and handed over the pen drive to the chief.
“Sir may I have a laptop or any other device to switch this pen drive” Chief enquired me.
“Yes sir” I said and given my tablet to his hand.
He then inserted the pen drive in the slot and asked me to type in the password to open the tablet.
I typed the code word in the required field and given back the tablet to the chief.
The chief opened the content available in the pen drive and the journalist girl showed the video to be opened and the chief opened the video.
It’s very astonishing for me to know that the official which I had very much doubt in my bureaucracy had forged my signature on the manuscript of indenture when I had gone to attend the conference.
The picture paints a thousand words.
But as of then I have my chip on my shoulder.
The video had clearly shown the chief that the manuscript was a forged one and not the original.
I took a copy of that video in my tablet on consent with the journalist and the chief and then the pen drive was handed over to the CBI by the journalist.
CBI officials took a written consent from the journalist and from me and asked the journalist to come to the office when over she was asked for the enquiry.
The officials held their apologise for having a wrong data and riding a district magistrate.
After the officials left the house I felt bit comforted and unperturbed.
The only word which I could speak after that was a thank you to the Lord who is none other than that girl in an Anarkali Salwaar-kammez.
 “Thank you sooo much, you just appeared as a blue moon. You have made me out of come hell or high water. I just crossed my fingers before your arrival. You have also made your point with the chief cut to the chase. You are just something doozy to me. I just thought as every cloud has a silver lining before your arrival. I am ever grateful to you“ I said to the girl.
“Sir, that’s all my pleasure. It’s my duty to see that our beloved and sincere collector should not be in the bad books of one” she said with a gentle smile on her face as I can see it through her eyes as her face is totally covered with the dupatta.
“Oh! Thank you very much” I said.
“Sir I have to leave to my office, if you permit me to leave now……” She said.
“Ya why not …” I replied. And as she was about to leave I thought of asking her name.
“Excuse me journalist” I said.
“Sir, my name is not a journalist but it’s my occupation is. My name is Akshara.” She replied fierce fully.
“Oh! Its fine Akshara I am sorry. Can u please tell the corporation you are working for?” I enquired.
“Sorry sir i don’t want to reveal the name” Akshara answered.
“It’s ok” “May i know why did you cover your face with dupatta totally”
“Sir it’s to cover myself from knowing by other media personal and even to my corporation” She replied.
“Ok fine. Thank you very much for the errand once again and i genially invite you for dinner in my dwelling the imminent weekend.” I invited.
“Oh thank you sir for the invitation. Who will drop the chance of having to be a diner with district magistrate? Certainly I would attend sir” She replied with a outbreak of words to come from her mouth but stopped.
“Come on tell what more you want don’t be diffident” I said.
“Sir, I actually want to take an interview of yours” she replied in a contralto type of voice.
“Oh sure, why not?” I replied.
“Sir, then can we have that process after the dinner on the imminent weekend?” She asked.
“Yes” I said and Akshara had left my residence.
“To be more superstitious I think the God had sent this girl for a rescue” My grandpa said to me.
“Of course grandpa!“ I replied.
“It’s time for some snacks to have and then we would go to a temple nearby” He said.
“Yes of course” I said and had a cup of tea which paves a way for me to rejuvenate.
After having a cup of tea we all got refreshed from the happenings of that day and moved towards the temple.
“When the CBI arrived I had prayed the God to free my son from this venture and if God makes so I would make my son to do eleven rounds around the temple. I had made this request Krishhh” She said to me.
Oh! Then I have to perform the task of eleven rounds I said to myself and started the task.
We all reached home and on the other day I went to the bureaucracy habitually and all were wishing me for the outbreak from the ACB case.
As days passed the weekend had arrived and I didn’t go to the office and I started my work to cook for the arriving guest.
 I have the habit and hobby of cooking in my dwelling and I would be in a special avatar of chef when I make a meal for the special guest of mine.
So as soon as I got up I didn’t allow my mother to enter into the kitchen and I entered the arena.
Out of three to four hours of hard work I had made the scrumptious south Indian meal with special appetizing vegetable Biryani, potato curry, tomato dal, my favourite spicy Sāmbhar, and yummy gulab jamoon , and of course the curd with ghee and a chutney beside.
I think you are looking for some spicy non veg items in this special meal but I am an orthodox Brahmin and am not interested in such, so any guest should acclimatize to vegetarian when dining with me...!!!
After completing the preparation of meal I myself went to a ice-cream parlour to get a yummy butterscotch as a dessert.
When it comes to yummy butterscotch, resistance is futile. So i ate butterscotch at the parlour itself!!!
I returned home with the ice-cream and as I sat on the chair a tone had made my attention to pull up to the voice as it was of the same girl’s, who rescued me in the ACB raid.
“Excuse me sir” She said.
“Yes pleases” I said.
She then entered my house and she was dressed in a pink churidar Salwaar kameez and not a Anarkali this time but with the same dupatta covering her face.
I thought that how this girl would eat if she had her dupatta covered like that and this was my first question as she entered my house.
“Akshara is it so likely to have that dupatta covering your face when you are in my residence too?” I enquired.
“Oh sorry sir that was indeed not needed now and required only when i am outside” She answered and tried to remove the dupatta.
When she had removed her dupatta I had seen a beautiful, gorgeous girl more than a journalist.
“You are looking so pretty and elegant” I complimented her.
“Thank you very much sir and it’s good to hear from your voice” She said awfully.
“It’s fine and also this dress had complemented your beauty” I said.
“Oh! Thank you very much sir” She replied.
After that it continued with a row of introductions of her to my grandpa and other in the house. And then we all went to the dining room to have our dinner.
Firstly I want to make clear to her that this meal was absolutely made by me and to eat if only good to her.
“Akshara I had made this delicious south Indian meal this day” i said.
“Sir Wow you had made this meal.....great ....” she replied.
“Yes It’s me” I replied.
“Its pleasure and I feel proud to have a meal from the boss of the district” She replied.
“Its fine and thank you” I replied.
And our meal continued for long forty-five minutes with small chit chats in between.
Then she ate the gulab jamoon at last by saying that her stomach is full then.
“You have one more item left with to eat” i said.
“One more!!! Sir now I can’t. My stomach is already heavy with your spicy meal” She said.
“Oh!! Don’t say like that you have to eat that’s it” I ordered.
“Ok sir may i know what is that other item left with you?” she asked.
“Yes. Its yummy butterscotch with what I had left with” I replied
“Oh!!! Its butttttttterscooooootch. Sir why didn’t you give this at the starting itself? I am very eager for it” She said.
As i always say that when it comes to butterscotch, resistance is futile .It just happened with Akshara as, even she is too heavy with her meal she capitulated to eat the yummy scotch.
“Oh! Take it now” I said and offered a cup of butterscotch to her.
She then had the ice-cream and then we both entered the hall, after a half an hour of relaxes she wants me to start the interview.
“Sure we would start” I said and we both started the interview and i faced some flurry of questions with her.
With those logical questions i thought that she might be one day become a Wall Street Journalist and i wished her the same.
Suddenly as voice had sidetracked my attention and that voice was from my grandpa.
A thought had gone in my mind. As my grandpa knew that i am hectic at the interview then why again he is calling me???
Although am at the interview the call from my grandpa didn’t stop at all.
“Krishhh........... Krishhh ........get up my dear boy it’s six in the evening” My grandpa said.
As I got up from my bed I saw my grandpa before me and I was a bit perplexed.
“Where is the Salwaar Kameez Akshara dear grandpa” I enquired.
“Salwaar kameez??? What Salwaar kameez girl..??? What are you talking about?” Grandpa asked.
“Grandpa what are you saying? Just before i had made an introduction with that journalist who had rescued me, hadn’t me?” I enquired.
“Journalist?!!! Actually what are you talking about?” He exclaimed.
“No grandpa that journalist in Salwaar kameez.......” I said.
“No Salwaar kameez nothing more.....I think you have dreamt a day dream. Just go out and wash your face and return” He said.
I was just bewildered and discombobulated by his words and I am no way in a condition to believe that it was a dream of being the district magistrate and was accused in a case and then got released by gorgeous!!! Akshara.
I said gorgeous as I do remember that word as I said the same to her but I was unable to retrieve the features of her face after having my face wash as ordered by my grandpa.
After reaching my grandpa I could not see into his eyes in the line of sight as i held my head down with diffident.
“What Krishhh!!! Who is that Salwaar kameez Akshara?” He enquired.
“Grandpa!!! How do you know her name?” I exclaimed.
“You have only told me dear” He said.
“What I have told you her name. Ok ok. I only might have told you. Actually couldn’t remember what is all actually happening?” I said.
“Cool my dear boy. Stay cool” He said.
“Ya ya grandpa. Now itself i am regaining all my senses perfectly” I said.
“Fine. Can I listen to the story of your dream Krishhh?” He enquired.
I again held my head down to be not in the line of sight of my grandpa.
“Why are you so diffident Krishhh? Ok don’t reveal the story if you are not interested” He said.
“No Grandpa. I will tell you what all had happened in my dream.” I said.
And then i started off to tell the whole story of my dream as from the mathematical modelling of the system to its design to its implementation.
“Hahaha” Grandpa just smiled. And I too was made to smile along with him.
          “Good story dear we can make out a movie on this story” He said.
“Grandpa don’t converse like that i would get angry if you do so” I queered.
“Oh sorry Krishhh I am sorry” He said.
“It’s ok grandpa and I want my grandpa to make a promise that he would not tell this story to anyone” I said.
“Ya its ok Krishhh I would not reveal this to anyone” He said.
Now it’s time to introduce my self ......as every one’s name is music to their ears I will start it with my name.......I am Krishhh....a sophomore in KITS Warangal perusing my Bachelor of Technology in the department of Electronics and Instrumentation.
I then completed my college work of the day and got ready for the class work of the next day.
As I began to browse the internet on my lappy the time on it extrapolated as 9:00pm.And as it was 9 O’ clock i heard a call from my mother for supper.
“Ya mom.....I am coming” I too shouted from my room.
As I began to have my meal, the thought of that delicious meal, which I prepared in my dream had struck my mind and as it got struck, I began to laugh madly.
On seeing this I think my parents might have thought that something was wrong with me and what that it was wrong was only known by me and my grandpa.
After we had our dinner I again went to my lappy to check out the updates on my interesting branch ROBOTICS.
After all the searching I had made I had got an interesting event to partake in IIT Bombay and the name of the Asia’s largest Science and Technology festival is TECHFEST 2010-2011 to be held on 6th-8th January 2011 at IIT Bombay.
When I browsed into the site of Techfest an global event had made my eyes to point at that event and that event had named as MARSMANOEUVRE and to get competent for this international event either we had to get qualified in a zone event to be held in south zone (Bangalore) to be held in November 2011 or we can directly enter into mars manoeuvre by passing out the elimination stages to be held in Techfest.
As this event is of autonomous robotics I further looked forward into the sight to confirm whether they are providing with any workshops to get learnt about autonomous bots  
And after a few clicks i had found a workshop on robotics in the same institute conducted by Robosoft systems on AVR programming and swarm robotics.
As I saw that I am very much pleased with the event and also with the workshop they are going to conduct for the neophytes like us to take part.
And as I further looked into the workshop content it had shown me that each team should comprise of at most four members and the cost for each team was 3400 bucks and we had to take a DD of the required amount and send it by the post to the institute.
And also we have to register our team online in the Techfest site and also to put the registration number on the back of DD.
So after seeing all the related stuff I had made all the related on a paper to show it to my mates the next day and also to ask them whether they would attend this workshop.
On the next day I had a meeting with all my mates in the break time about this matter and all of my mates had shown mammoth interest on the autonomous bots and the workshop related.
So I thought this workshop would help many of us as we all are leading in a positive way towards it. I also made this information to other contemporaries who were available online at that moment of time.
But here I was made to think in an idea that the teams opting to visit the workshop should be as less as possible as it would again become a mess if the number increases and also it would become  a problem for the department if many in a class leaves for a workshop in class work days.
So I made this information with just 4 teams comprising of 16 members out of 66 of my class.
So I personally registered the four teams comprising of all the 16 members by collecting all their contact information and the other related stuff on 9th August 2010.
 The members include me, Sandeep in short as Sandy, Nagarjuna called formerly as 220 and Ashok in one team and Revanth in short as Rev, Uday, Aashish and Nithin in another team. 
Sreemaan formerly as Thiruns, Sravan, Sandeep and Vamshi in another team and Vijaysagar in short as Vijay, Manasvitha in short as Manasvi, Deepika and Bhavya in another team.
But here I need to say something that I never left anyone unturned on this information. I might not register for them personally but I have given the information for them to get register with all the web details.
The whole crew got messed up with this workshop in class and even the whole college. I thought all were more interested in the workshop to be held in IIT Bombay than the content in that workshop.
Here I need to mention about one of my mates Amer who is my classmate since my 12th who is interested in this workshop but was later known and I forgot to tell him about that workshop primarily. 
I ever feel sorry for him for that act by me even though one of the projects of mine on ‘development of hydro electricity from domestic usage’ was with him. 
And I think this act had cemented a way for him to act against me for some days and semesters even. But with this I even plead apologise from him for not giving information to him formerly. Sorry dear.....!!!
And I expect that he would in no against with me now........
After registering some of us went to our HOD to talk about the workshop we were going to attend in IITB. 
Our madam replied in a quite positive way and ordered us to keep a letter representing that we were to attend a workshop at IITB and confirmation letters from organisers so that they can consider us when we lack in our attendance at last of semester.
After that the plans for our trip have started, our four teams had taken DDs from the SBI bank nearby us and couriered them to the IITB within the stipulated time.
The organisers have sent the mails to the individual team leaders confirming that they had received the DDs we had sent them in courier.
So our payment of 3400bucks per team to the organisers was completed and the further step towards it was about the journey. As we say over prepare then go with the flow, the same we did.
As the workshop is IITB we need to book our tickets for the round journey and we preferred the oldest n colossal transport of our India i.e., Railways.
On 13th August 2010, we booked our tickets from Hyderabad to Chatrapathi Shivaji Terminus (CST), the former station in Mumbai, boarding at Hyderabad and the train name was Bombay express which was scheduled at 8.20pm on 3rd of September 2010 which priced around 400 bucks.
And also the return tickets were well booked in advance boarding at CST and in the same Bombay express which was scheduled at 9:00pm on 7th of September 2010.
So as early as possible we had planned to book our tickets as it would be arduous to get them after when it’s close to the journey.
The workshop scheduled at IITB was on 5th and 6th September 2010 expanding in two immense days where they were going to teach about the motors, attenuators used in robots and coding of ATMEGA16 microcontroller with the help of AVR STUDIO and also grabbing mechanisms and all other related stuff.
So as they were about to teach new stuff to us they had asked us to have a perquisite of C language and also some basic electronics and they had provided with those materials to us.
One day while I was discussing about this trip in my house my mother joined the conversation with me and my grandpa.
“I am just feared how would you all go to the one of the new places of India not knowing any part of language over there?” MY mother said.
“Mom....now it’s the time to discuss such matter...this is 2010 not 1900s” I answered.
“Although it’s 2010 I am quite feared dear” She said.
“Ok mom...I will take care of all that what you suspect” I said.
Then my grandpa joined our conversation where my mom paved a way for him to express his grief.
“My dear grandchild! Be careful with what your mom suspect” He said.
“Ya grandpa I will ever be” I said.
“First time you are alone leaving out with friends rather than with family. I am just afraid about your journey” He said.
As I didn’t go anywhere with friends so far and I think he had some confidence at some point in his heart as I toured long tours to North and South India with whole clan.
“Some birds weren’t meant to be caged, their feathers are just too bright” I said to my grandpa.
“Oh good If you are so confident then it’s good my dear” he replied.
“Ya grandpa” I said and left for my room to read on ATMEGA16.
The data sheet of ATMEGA16 seemed to be of 256 pages I do remember and I just tried to read the first ten pages which comprises of basic information and pin diagram of it.
Later 1st mid exams of our 2-1 approached and we wrote all the exams so perfectly despite of we being ready for the trip.
Next we had to look over the accommodation for us in Bombay for those three to four days of work. So we contacted the organisers and then confirmed us that they would provide the accommodation in the institute itself for those who are attending the workshop.
And this information was passed on to all and also to their parents. Bhavya’s father had contacted me through phone and I explained about the whole trip and the itinerary of our trip and I think that I almost convinced him with my explanation.
“I want to meet you in person” Bhavya’s said.
“Ya sure uncle any time” I answered.
“Next weekend” He answered.
“Yes uncle” I answered.
And on the weekend uncle came to my house.
“Good evening uncle” I wished.
“Good evening” uncle said.
Again I explained quite clearly about the itinerary as i prepared it on paper this time and not in air as previous time.
“Can you give me the phone numbers of your crew” uncle requested.
“Yes sure uncle” I said and took out a paper and wrote all the phone numbers of the whole crew who were going.
“Thank you very much” He said.
“That’s my pleasure” I answered.
“Please take care of your friend. She is quite not interested about her things and she would forget all around so please take care of that” Uncle requested.
“Ya uncle I would take care of all that” I promised.
“I think you are taking your laptop with you so be careful with that device” Uncle advised.
“Ya uncle we are taking them with us one per team and we would sure take special care on all laptops and I promise you that I would take special care on Bhavya’s.” I said.
“Thank you and I wish all the best to the whole crew” He wished.
“Thank you very much uncle and will go around safely with all your blessings” I said.
“Ok good night” he said and left for his house.

“It’s good if u take responsibility but be careful with all those happenings in Bombay” My grandpa said to me.
“Ya grandpa .....I understand that it’s the psychology of every parent to tell to take care off but we kids are also reverent with parents of what they say and we would follow the same by not taking any unnecessary risks” I answered.
“Ok my boy” He said.
Then well before our departure for Hyderabad to catch the Bombay express on 3rd September 2010 we had a congregation in the college to discuss about the leaving procedure for Hyderabad and what all we have to do in Bombay.
Later we had a proposal of having two bellwethers for the whole team. And the whole team supported me and Rev to become bellwethers.
This idea of having bellwether is just for leading the team financially when required and as we have searched the content of all in Bombay about local trains and other stuff so we took the responsibility of all.
I and my colleague will be ever grateful to you guys for giving us an opportunity like that.
Then later that day where we kids had a congregation in college, we had a parents meet at Rev’s house.
I, Ashish’s parents, Uday’s father, Sandy’a father and of course Rev’s attended the congregation.
We had a long meeting at night 7 O’ clock. All asked to explain about accommodation and what we are going to do over there for 4 odd days and what is the care we would be taking off.
Rev and I tried to explain the itinerary of the trip and tried to fully convince them that we would go safely and return.
“You would make this trip a success so that this trip paves a way for your further trips. If this goes well then we would get a confidence that you would go well in future so that we can send you anywhere” Rev’s father said to us.
“Ya sure uncle we would make this trip success” I answered with lot of confidence within me and shown off it with my words.
I was just bewildered while answering, as from where this confidence had I got instead I was just a reserved character before.
“I have all the hope on you itself Krishhh that you would make this trip success” Rev’s father said to me.
“Ya sure uncle. I would keep your words and faith upon me held high” I said.
“Ok fine good. All the best” Uncle wished all of us.
“Krishhh there is a small request from me to make it out by you” Uday’s father said.
“Ya sure uncle, please” I said.
“Please could you make some points on pros and cons of your team to do during the trip and give them to your team, as for example as not allowing them to be at doors while travelling in train” He said.
“Ya sure uncle I will make out the point you raised and I think it’s most important point to be noted even. Thank you for the suggestion uncle” I replied.
“Ok its fine. Please you all take the full advantage of the workshop that IITB has providing you” uncle said.
“Ya sure we will make it out dad” Uday replied.
“Ya at least put your mobile phone in switched off state while in seminars over there and don’t carry it in trains. It seems a style for this youth to talk in the mobile while standing near the door of train while moving” Uncle said to Uday and all.
The former statement has made us all smile with generosity but the latter statement has took back that smile as it’s an order to us.
“Ok uncle we will not make such circus feats” I promised to uncle.
“Is any one leading the team upfront” Rev’s father enquired.
“Ya uncle Revanth and I took that responsibility on the consent of whole team” I replied.
“All the best to all you guys, happy journey and Good night” All wished.
“Ya thank you uncle. We would make this trip success with all your blessings” I said and we all dispersed to homes.
Later after reaching home I had my supper and packed my bag with some garments and lappy as we are leaving for Hyderabad the next day afternoon.
After my packing I had made some points on pros and cons for the trip and made a set of Xerox to give them to the team as suggested by parents the day before.
The next morning as soon as I woke up I sent messages to all to get gather around 1:30pm in Kazipet station to catch the push pull train for Hyderabad.
“Krishhh......... Did you keep your debit card with you?” My grandpa enquired.
“Ya.... grandpa....I kept it in my wallet” I answered.
“OK..Fine ....also keep some hard cash with you” 
“Ya......grandpa .....I had” I shouted.
Later on I involved in the interesting, traditional and orthodox way of blessings from my grandpa and my mom.
“Bon voyage my dear grandson” Grandpa wished.
“Thank you very much grandpa” I replied.
Then I left my home for railway station in an auto.
Firstly after reaching the station I was met by Depika’s parents waiting for my arrival and after that I had met with Uday’s even.
Then I went up to the ticket counter to take 15 tickets to Hyderabad for us, as Thiruns was there in Hyderabad so didn’t took ticket for him.
After that we all left to the second platform on which the train would likely to arrive and sat on a bench which is left vacant.
Later as the time passed all my mates had reached the station, some with their parents and some without.
Actually on beforehand we had a plan that, as one of our mates Ashok comes from Warangal and as push pull train starts from Warangal, we told him to board the train at Warangal itself and preoccupy and manage some seats for all to sit.
And according to our plan he boarded the train at Warangal and occupied some seats formerly but later as rush progressed he was not in a way to hold back the seats for us.
We are the geeks of technology but not management so eventually we don’t have such capabilities to manage our seats for some point of time....!!!
Before the train had arrived we had information from college that one of my favourite subjects of digital circuits ‘Switching Theory and Logical design (STLD)’s marks of 1st mid were given and it’s bad to note that only few countable on fingers had passed the test out of 66 and in that it’s very astonishing to note that I scored the highest of 41 out of 50.I was very happy to know this as just before I was boarding the train.
   The train arrived at the station and we the boarded onto the train and there were only few seats available for us.
We all waved our hands to the parents present at the station, who came to send-off us, until they were out of our sight.
As there were only three seats which are available for us and which were occupied by us, were given to our only three gals.
As Indians, we are proud to give the seats to them as it resembles our reverence on Indian women and indeed the esteemed culture of India.
We all 12 guys made our place just beside the door to just stand and hang down for grip so that not to slip down.
As we had boarded on a passenger train it was very slow and after long 3.50hrs of travel at last we all got seats to sit from Secunderabad station to Hyderabad station......!!!
As our Nagarjuna had brought a video cam we started the cam while on the train and shoot some pictures of us and even planned a short film in that span of 15mts as there was no one in train and the train’s compartment  was totally under our control...!!!
But could make up the idea right within that span and left the idea of having a short film.
And our train reached the Hyderabad station at 6:30pm and our departing time for Bombay express is 8:20pm so there is at most 2hrs of time in between to refresh ourselves.
So as soon as we reached the station we paved our way towards the cloak room to keep our baggage safe but we held our laptops with us.
After this we all had gone to a restaurant nearby to have some supper. And we all had gone to the restaurant named GOPI just opposite to the Hyderabad station.
After reaching that soon we ordered 15 Biryanis in which 12 were related to non-veg and 3 to veg. As in our team I, Rev and Manasvitha were profound vegetarians.
And as we ate the time extrapolated as 7:30pm and we soon closed the supper and we paid the bill for 1k bucks and soon reached the station by 8:00pm and took our baggage from cloak room.
As the train starts from the Hyderabad itself the train was halted on the platform well before the time and we all boarded onto the train for Bombay.
As one set of twelve tickets were booked in one compartment and other four which were of gals inadvertently were booked in a compartment which was three compartments ahead of us.
So their ticket was given to them and they went to sit in their compartment and we sat in ours.
After few minutes we personally made a request to join us in our compartment as our crew here is more than them .But they said that they were sleepy and they would join tomorrow.
“Ok good night” I and Rev said in unison and left them and moved towards our compartment.
Later, that night was one of the memorable nights I ever spent. Although I would be in late nights normally working on a robotic project or something related but that night was totally dedicated for enjoyment. So that night with my mates was a memorable one which i never try to forget even.
But the two lower berths of our domicile were reserved by a family which had a new born cutie sweetie baby. So as not to cause disturbance for them, we slept early although not interested to sleep and it shows our concern with the fellow passengers.
The next morning we brushed our teeth in the train and also outside in station where train halted for more than 10mts and i think it was a junction I suppose.
 We had a cup of tea which refreshes and even in this trip I think I had made many to have the habit of drinking tea with me!!!
Later the train started to move off slowly as it reached one of the most beautiful peaks of India, LONAVALA and KHANDALA which were the mountain cool tourist spots with waterfalls falling just beside the train and it’s the time for our cam to work.
So all who had brought cams had cams in their hands in those two hours of travel and the train too moved slowly in order to give good glimpses of those hill stations to its passengers.
And also in that two hours of travel all were just beside the doors and windows and I think that’s the ideal time for the robbers to loot the belongings of the passengers as no one was caring about them despite of their line of sight towards the beautiful scenery.
Not only the beautiful scenery which had thrilled us but also the tunnels through which the train was passing and made the train as dark as possible.
So in that darkness all were just shouting aloud from their windows as the tunnel is close to the train it would provide echo and amplifies the voice.
So we all shouted the slogans of “JAI TELAGANA” when the train passed through the tunnels...!!!
This is the advantage we would get if we travel to Bombay in a Bombay express especially with friends like this.
Later at some point of time I went to visit our gals’ compartment and as I went to see them I observed a man just beside Manasvitha and I sat beside that man.
 I think that Manasvitha and I just occupied 25% of the seat and another 25% was occupied by the air present in between us and we were only the three sitting......what are you looking for....??? Is it another 50%...???!!! I think you can guess about that remaining 50%......!!!
“He is Krishhh, my friend” Manasvi introduced me.
I was just perplexed that how Manasvi knew this man.
“Hi Krishhh I am Shivaji” Man wished.
“Hi sir I am Krishhh” I introduced myself.
“Krishhh...... he is an alumni of Maharashtra inst of technology and now working on the psychology and development of human through a company” Manasvi said.
“Oh...fine Manasvi” I said.
I understood that Shivaji has boarded the train in a station that we have crossed and made his introduction to Manasvi.
As the conversation continued, “Krishhh this sir would tell about oneself by reading their face” Manasvi said to me.
“Wowww is it so?” 
I thought that this man had totally hypnotised this gal.
“Yes” She replied.
“Sir could you read Krishhh’s face and tell about his thinking and what is mainly interested about?” Manasvi requested Shivaji-The big man.
“Sure” Shivaji said and turned towards my face and began to think something.
“Krishhh is mostly interested in R&D sector” He said to Manasvi.
I was just perplexed and bewildered to hear those words of R&D which i ever think of research and development. I was just screwed for a second.
“Is it correct Krishhh?” He enquired me.
I simply nodded my head to approve that as I was not in a position to regain my senses so quickly after that shock.
Then again i had made my thought correct, even its not Manasvi but I too just hypnotised by this man and began to think off what power does he had to say so by reading one’s face. Then again recollected my senses and came to a conclusion that God’s Gift .......after all which I could conclude at last...!!!!
After my approval of correct answer that man had got a queue behind me to read their face.
Later chance was taken by one of the mates Nagarjuna to which Shivaji told him to remove his spectacles to read his face and after reading he said.
“Nagarjuna You have extreme impatience and 
Those words again made me bewildered as my mate was of same type as said by Shivaji and I too observed the same within him many times.
I thought that I could learn this face reading from him and keep it as part time job in Warangal.....!!!! 
After having the face reading program he gave demonstration of his pendent of a company which makes a man stress free and energise him when he wore that pendent.
After all the demonstrations I was indeed not convinced with the pendent but was well convinced with the face reading act.
“I stay at Pune and when you all come to Pune just give me a call to my number I will receive you all and make all your arrangements for lodging in my house” He said to us and gave his number on his letter pad to Manasvi.
From that moment some of us tried to call him as Manasvi’s uncle as he was introduced to all by Manasvi and some just tried to kid with her by calling sooo...!!!
 After having all that enjoyment in the three quarter of a day journey in the train we reached the CST station, Bombay.
Before reaching CST, which had been in the news after it had been attacked by the terrorists who encountered on Homo sapiens in Taj, Oberoi Trident, Cama Hospital, Leopold cafe and Nariman House on 26th November 2008, I thought of paying my tribute to the citizens who were killed in the attack.
And also my tribute to the Mumbai Anti Terrorist Chief Hemanth Karkare, Vijay Salaskar, Ashok Kamte who were killed by the only perpetrator, who turned alive in the whole action, whose name is Ajmal Kasab who not only killed the above officers but also around 58 passengers in the CST.
And also on moving on to the one of the trademark hotels of Indian Hospitality ‘The Taj’ which was also attacked by the terrorists and here my tribute to the most authoritative commanding group of Indian security ‘The National Security Guards (NSGs)’ who paved their life for the rescue of hostages in not only Taj but also other hotels.
I think none of us ever known about this NSG group before the operation of Tag whether such group exists in Indian security system??!!!
It’s very diffident to note that there were only two regiments of NSGs available at that time and later it was extended to all over the nation after operation Taj.
Our special thanks to the NSG group of our nation’s security system.
These powerful troops were available all over the world but they were not known unless some or the operation was done with them.
‘Seals’ who were considered as the Top and most potent commandants of the world belonging to the security of USA were only known to us after the encounter of the most wanted radical of world Osama Bin Laden.
My special tribute to Sandeep Unnikrishnan who was the NSG, who had dared to go inside the Taj and who had made his life on par with that of hostages inside and left the country and made it an orphan.
I think he had the hope that he might kill all the terrorists and might save the hostages but the God was not in his favour at that moment of time.
I think Hope is the good thing to have, may be the Best of all and good thing never dies. So, Unnikrishnan will ever be in our minds when we think of Operation Taj.
Actually the train had stopped in a station and the name of the station is not clear to us as it had stopped a long way from centre of station, some of us got down to see what station it is.
“Excuse me sir, what station is it?” I asked a citizen walking on platform.
“CST” He said.
“Is this the last station” I asked.
“Yes it is, this is the last and next to it is Arabian Sea” He answered.
“Oh! Thank you” I said and passed the information to our team who were inside to get down as we reached our destination.
As we were walking on the platform to reach the station, as said earlier that we were stopped well before it, I thought of that what that citizen had said to me that this station is last and next to it is Arabian Sea.
Why is this last station, the last one?? Why our Indian engineers could construct a bridge over Arabian Sea to have the world’s longest bridge over Sea from Sub-continent to Saudi Arabia…..!!!!!!
Seems to be a hypothetical thought but it might be possible in near future to our Indian engineers.
Here my main thought is that not to construct a bridge like that which is of no use when having flights by which we can reach Saudi in four to five hours but it’s that our nation should be in such a developed position in technology.
After we had reached the main station of CST on foot (from where train stooped and not from Warangal…!) we were just bewildered by the New York minute life in the station.
As that was in the mid of day we were famished and our stomachs are running hard with hunger. So, as we tried to look for the hotels and restaurants in the station we had found a IRCTC which is a railway catering hotel.
“Rev, Shall we get into that?” I asked.
“Ya….y not” He said.
“Mates …..Can we have our lunch in that hotel?” Rev asked all pointing at that hotel.
“Yes of course” all said in unison.
After that we all had gone into that IRCTC canteen and we were dumbfounded to see that all eatables were available there but they would give them in terms of weight as 100grams of rice was costing around 70 bucks.
So, we ordered fried rice some with non-veg and other with veg but I thought 100 grams of rice will be nowhere sufficient with the way we were famished.
But we were in a state in which we can’t do anything more other than having one more plate of the same. But none were interested in that so we left the order.
And as it had happened as a curse to us in that IRCTC canteen and God will never leave anyone unturned so were happened with a boon of having a snacks store just below that canteen.
 So we all just bought some stuff to eat and as that store also contained an ice cream hoard, we all bought ice creams for us as it was very hot in after noon.
And as I say when it comes to butterscotch, resistance is futile. So we were in a no way mood to stop ourselves from doing so as we were on a trip with friends and not with clan!!!
After at least having something into our stomach we were patient for further plan. Our next plan was to get a local to Kanjurmarg which is the nearest station to IITB.
And here something about the locals of Mumbai, there are two types of locals available which were the significant transport system we found in Mumbai.
The two types include slow moving (which stops in almost all stations and by its name it’s comparably slow) called Dheeri local by the announcer there who announces about the train and the other Fast moving (which stops in mentioned stations and by its name it’s comparably fast and it’s as fast as our express trains in South Central Railways and I was just astonished with its acceleration which was simply awesome) called Jaldi local by the announcer!!!
And we were formerly instructed by our parents that we should be very careful while getting into and getting down of a local because as likely the rush would be heavy and not only that but also when it’s once started to move off we would be in a no way condition to catch it like the trains in our state.
As we were formerly instructed, we divided among ourselves into groups of four to get into train safely after we had taken the tickets for it from near counter which was costing around eight bucks per ticket.
As we include our gals so we should be very careful with them while getting into train so some of us just tried to bodyguard (not in the sense of its actual meaning but just in the sense of guardian) them while getting into and out off train.
As the local starts from CST so we were in no state of latent hostility of getting into the local and we all boarded the train when it’s on the platform itself.
Some of us sat and some stood near the door to have a look on the stations we were passing as we don’t know after which station Kanjurmarg would come.
Although we had a map with us of stations but I thought it would be better to stand at door and keep any eye on the stations we were just passing because we would have an idea of all the halts between CST and Kanjurmarg.
After 45 minutes of journey in the Dheeri local of Mumbai we reached our destination Kanjurmarg and we all safely got out of local on to the platform before the train again tended to move.
After we all had come out of the station almost all our mobiles had been hung with lack of charging and I had taken care so that my mobile would not get into that state. 
So as soon as we reached Kanjurmarg I had met with a call from Bhavya’s mother as her mobile was in a state said above so I handed over my mobile to her and she talked with her mother.
After my phone reached me I rang to Rituraj Shukla who was one of the organisers of IITB’s event and also Abhay Mahajan who was also one of the former team to ask them how to get to IITB after reaching Kanjurmarg as I was in constant touch with those two guys well before our itinerary had started.
They said to take an auto from Kanjurmarg to IITB main gate which costs around forty bucks for four and as so instructed we took four autos in the down pour which just started off when we just reached Kanjurmarg.
As reaching the main gate of IITB I was just feeling immense pleasure to put my leg (preferably right leg….!!!!) into the first Indian Institutes of Technology which I had ever visited.
After seeing the board on which it was written IITB in bold and capital letters I had a feeling of moist in eyes that why could I stepped in this institute a year back??!!!
After showing our identity cards and letters of conformation to round the clock central security present at gate and also taking confirmation slips of having laptops and other electronic instruments we all entered into the Indian Inst of technology, Bombay.
We all walked on the pavement present on either side of the blackest roads of IITB following the instructions present on either side of road to lead to the hospitality section of the workshop.
They instructed us to reach there by 5:00pm but we were well before at the School of Management (SOM) at 4:00pm at which they instructed to be for hospitality.
As we all walked right from the gate of IITB to SOM which I think is probably around 1.5kms with our baggage on our back, it’s arduous for us to stand there for 1hr, so we all used the pavement to take the weight of our legs.
As its evening time I had my eye around the surroundings to check for a coffee shop to have a cup of tea but I could not find one.
And the time passed while we began to natter.
After the clock had struck 5:00pm we all went to the hospitality centre for accommodation and we were accommodated by the organisers over there but I could not find those two guys Shukla and Mahajan.
It is indeed to note about the deference Indian culture of accommodating gals and boys separately.
We all boys had accommodated two in room and we were given with a bucket and other related stuff to live in and we all were given accommodation in the hostel 10 which was the last hostel and a newly built one.
Our gals were given accommodation in an apartment which is 20 bedded if I was not mistaken but they were not satisfied and comfort with the accommodation they had been given with but neither they nor I can do anything about that.
They three supported by other mechanical gals from our college left for their hostel where they were accommodated and to our bad luck that hostel was in opposite end to ours.
As said earlier that we all boys were given accommodation in hostel 10, we hired a bus of IITB to hostel 10 where the buses were the only means of transport available in the institute to reach from one end to other.
After reaching hostel 10 we showed our accommodation confirmation to the security present outside the hostel and we all entered into the hostel of IITB.
It’s very delight to see the canteen of that hostel which was built in shape of cone.
As our rooms were given in the third floor we took lift which was also available in hostel to reach our floor but it was not working properly and we had to give it a solid strike with our palm in order to start and later we were practiced by that act with practice…!!!!!
As we include 13 boys we were given seven rooms (two per room) and we kept all our baggage in two rooms and all other five we had adjusted ourselves in.
Here I should compulsorily say about the rooms, the rooms were just simply tremendous for the 400 bucks we paid for each team and on par with the money we had paid they were simply remarkable.
I think those rooms were even better than the lounges we get in Oberoi trident or Taj…!!!
As they were newly built the rooms were neat and clean and about the washrooms with which we were the first to use them….!!!!!!!!!!!!
There were no one else available in our floor and that floor was even looked like boarding house of EIE 2nd year students.
We were more than satisfied with the accommodation that IITB had provided us as we did not expected that sort of hospitality from them at all.
We all got invigorated after having washed our face in wash rooms.
As our parents instructed to not to leave the IITB campus and not to enter the city in any case unless required, firstly we all had agreed to the instruction.
But later the instruction was slightly modified as we all had spent many bucks to come here so all were interested to have a look around the surroundings of IITB.
And the instruction was already told by parents to tell others when each goes anywhere outside as it’s gruelling to find if anyone miss out in that colossal city of Mumbai….!!!
I agree that all the team members are so intelligent that they can be return to our home town if miss out but the whole problem lies in the spirit of team if anyone miss out as it out be an unnecessary latent hostility to the team.
After we got refreshed, some plan had made by some to move into the streets of Mumbai to have some gratification to one’s mind.
So according to the plan we all had reached the road where our hostel meets the bus to hire but as we awaited there the bus didn’t arrived so we all took the path of pavement to reach IITB main gate.
We further walked following the pavement to reach some or the other mall available nearby.
As we walked further I observed a group of people beside the pavement and that group formed a circle and all were concentrating at the centre as they were pulled by the centripetal force and it seemed that no Newton’s pseudo centrifugal force can separate them……!!!!!
As I saw that group I followed further to see that if any accident had happened or something extra ordinary event like that.
As I went and saw that centripetal force which had made all those to form a circle, I was just overwhelmed to see that there is nothing in centre, no accident had happened but it was a food related stall.
And as we enquired about the craze of that food, we got to know that it was the legendary and traditional food of Bombikers……..which was called as Vadapav in local language over there…..
As I am extremely passionate in making food I was eagerly watching the making of that Vadapav so that I could try it after reaching home.
Now I would tell you the making of Vadapav ……the name seems to be odd but the making of it is quite easy….
It would first start with making of samosa and all south Indians would be very famous with this food……after the samosa was prepared then they would take a bun which was nearly 8 by 8 by 4cms cubical shape which is then cut in along the middle of one of the 8cms side so that it forms a shape of that can be hold between fingers.
Then along the cross section of the cut side they would apply little amount of chilli sauce and also tomato sauce and they would then keep it on a pan which is indeed kept on a stove to heat.
After having roasted for some time then they would take it out and keep hot samosa in between this bun and they would serve.
This is how Vadapav which is a special item in Mumbai is made…….I think you would try this the moment you read this…..!!!!!!
After having the delicious Vadapav which had become our significant item in later days we all moved forward to a mall which was quite small after having a long walk for five kilometres odd…..!!!!!
And in the same route without distracting even to another channel we returned back to the IITB main gate on foot and then reached our hostel 10 in the bus provided by IITB by paying 5 bucks per head.
Uday and I moved our way to a room which had a cot, a table, a fan, two power sockets and a LAN interface for web access.
And all other were adjusted in two rooms and all other rooms of us were locked.
We all had a fine first night……!!!!.....sleep in the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay……This was on the 4th September 2010 and the next day i.e., on 5th September we all had to attend the opening of workshop for which we all had visited IITB. So, we all slept early to wake up earlier of next day.
In the early hours of 5th September, as we kept alarm to wake up we woke up at 5:00am and paved our way into wash rooms to get refreshed with the daily activities.
But I feared to do cool water bath in that early hours but IITB had even provided us with the geysers to provide us hot water.
 So, we all completed our activities by 7:00 am and had a photo session with good poses on the top floor of our hostel building.
By 7:30 we reached the canteen of IITB which was very near to SOM where our workshop classes were to be held.
And I was constantly in touch with our gals through phone as that was only the mode of communication as their hostel was quite far from ours as said formerly.
So when asked about their process of getting out of hostel they said that they were getting ready.
“Rev…order something what we are going to eat” I said to Rev.
“Ya we will Krishhh” He said.
“We would eat dosa” Sandy said.
“Ya anything is fine” all said in unison.
“Ya its fine …we would order dosa and tea to all” Rev said and he took the bill and given to the server over there.
“Where are these gals?” Rev asked me.
“Ya..They said that they were getting ready and may be on the way now” I said to Rev.
“Oh!!! Fine it’s ok then what about their breakfast” He enquired.
“If they would arrive before the time for workshop they and we would all eat and leave for workshop” I said.
“Ya its fine” He said.
After breakfast we went into the SOM with a book and a pen each to scribble something what they say.
Before we had gone to the workshop we all made to sit in the classes of management of IITB where the desks were made by its own trademark of IITB and a spacious classroom with blazing lighting and a projector for presentations.
As we all entered the class the class was almost half filled with guys and gals having their laptops in front.
Our gals were mere beautiful than those available in that class…..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Our gals’ dresses complemented their beauty but those who were in the class were mere like iconoclast.
I think the above sentence would be adequate to describe them…..!!!!!
After they called us to register for the workshop by acknowledging that we had come up for the workshop they requested us to be seated until we were called for the workshop.
So after they left the hall again a buzz of sound risen up even though we were in the class of IITB this would not leave any class whether it might be an IIT or any other……..
After half an hour or so at 9:00am they called us to enter one of the halls intended for workshop out of two. So, we all 16 members in teams of four reached the hall with our books and lappies.
We occupied four rows on the right corner of hall where the presentation screen was right before us.
At 9:30 am odd the workshop got started by an introduction of Robosoft systems which was the company that was holding the workshop.
Farooq, who was one of the lectures of Robosoft systems started the lecture of what is a robot? What is a machine? Analogies between a machine and a robot……and some theory related to all that stuff for almost two hours.
Meanwhile they asked how many were from 2nd year in this hall…..and its beyond belief to see that our 16 hands were only raised and that 2nd years were from KITS WGL……!!!!!
As they began to start the actual subject of workshop a list of all teams who were registered for workshop arrived and we had to keep a tick to our team to represent that we had arrived for the workshop.
But I was staggered to see that my name was missing in that list…!!!!!!!.....Even though I had registered all names I thought that whether I had missed mine…???!!!!
I again rethought about that, as my team members names were included they had missed me due to some mistake, so I wrote my name in that list and told them that my name was not included so take necessary action.
They said its ok that’s not a problem, we would look after that.
After that list was circulated to all, the coding process for the ATMEGA16 was started and we all opened our lappies.
But for those laptops who had Windows 7 installed in it there was a small problem with signal driver enforcement as they have to disable that driver enforcement before they would on the lappy by pressing F8 and following the instruction prevailed.
As my laptop was installed by Windows 7 I had to make the necessary steps involved to disable the signal driver enforcement.
They had given us a robot kit with a robot having two wheels with two 60rpm motors, a 360degree freedom wheel in front to balance the two wheels which are behind, an array of 5 sensors used for line following, two obstacle detection sensors in front to detect the obstacles and a ATMEGA16 microcontroller to control all these components.
The kit also included a battery (which was taken back by them at last), serial port cables, and an usb programmer (which was also taken back by them at last) to interface the microcontroller and laptop.
They had also given us some sample coding programs and software to compile and run the code.
So after my Windows 7 problem was solved we interfaced the microcontroller with the lappy and worked out some coding problems and got solved some line following coding examples and tested our work on the mock-up arena provided by them.
Later in the afternoon they had given us 1 hour break to have our lunch.
“How is the session?” I asked Manasvi.
“Good ……a bit understood and a bit yet to understand” She said.
“Ya ……a new coding topic for the neophytes like us na…..it would be like that” I said.
“Ya...of course ….we would get to learn them” she said.
“Ya...of course we will” I said and thought that would be the spirit one should have.
“Shall we go for lunch to canteen?” I asked her.
“Yes Krishhh...let us go” She answered.
“Rev…..shall we go for canteen to have some stuff…” I asked Rev.
“Ya Krishhh…we would go…” He replied.
Then we all moved to the canteen and while moving we had a conversation……
“Ash …..How is the session?” I asked.
“Good…..but little bit actually understood” he replied.
“Nithin….hw was the session?” Ash enquired.
“I am thinking that how It would be if I got into IITB a year before………” Nithin replied.
“Nothing more than you would be in class room and we would be here to attend the workshop and we all would meet here at the same place in lunch as some of us already known to you….” Sandeep answered.
“Yes….that realistic thought na Uday” Nithin replied.
“Of course it is” Uday replied.
“You would include a gal with you if you were joined here and now you have neither……!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” Ash replied.
“Ya!!!!!!!…..that’s the main point to be noted Nithin……” All sounded in unison…..
“You would have made an introduction with that gal to all of us………why didn’t you get here rey…….!!!!!” Thiruns said.
“Why then ….now too I can make an introduction for you if you want Thiruns……..should I...?” Nithin replied.
“No…no ….i was just kidding……!!!!” Thiruns replied.
“But to me you would be the main batsman for the cricket team of IITB……..!!!!” Sandeep replied.
“Ya….. That’s of course true……. He might be in any college he would be in the team……” Rev replied.
“How is the matter changed from a gal to cricket???!!!” Nagarjuna enquired.
“The matter was not changed dude just it was diverted from gal to cricket…that’s it…..why..?? You want to enquire anything related to combination of both???” I asked.
“Yes …. I want to know whether he wanted to leave cricket for gal or gal for cricket” He enquired.
“This discussion would end in a smoke” I replied and as time proceeded we entered into the canteen.
“What should we all eat?” Rev said.
“Dosa …..Which would take less time to prepare as it would be getting late for our next session….” Sandy replied.
“Yesssss….dosa……” we all supported sandy in unison.
“What would you eat Manasvi..???” I enquired them.
“Anything which you gonna order Krishhh…..” She replied.
“I want to eat idly preferably” Bhavya said.
“Ok Bhavya we would order idly for you” I said.
Rev and I went to order 15 dosas and a plate of idly…….after 15 minutes our order was called and four of us got the plates from the kitchen to serve the rest.
After all we were very famished, that dosa had gone nowhere into our stomach but as the time for the workshop was approaching like a New York minute we just departed for workshop as we need to walk again to reach the destination.
After the long process of walking from the IITB canteen to the SOM we were just exhausted in the bright sun.
As we reached our hall of workshop the hall was half filled but we had our places vacant with a bench occupied by others in middle.
“We were likely to sit in these four benches” Someone among us said to them.
But they remained unmoved. I thought our English was not understood by them and they want Western jargon to get understood….!!!!!
So after the class had started we turned on our lappies to get our work done.
“Sandy, let us write the code for line following ourselves……” I said.
“We ……code…….!!!! Are you kidding?” He replied.
“No mate…..I am serious” I said.
“Krishhh if you are so confident then we would write it” He said.
“Yes dude…..aren’t you that confident?” I asked.
“Yes……I am” He said.
“Then what’s the problem… let us start now….” I said.
“Ya Krishhh …” He said.
We started to work on the code of line follower by writing some line of code and then compiling it and followed by some errors in that and again resurrecting the code by changing it.
At last we had made some part of the code correct although the sample code was given for us but we preferred to develop our own code for the required task. And I thought that our work was not ended in smoke.
But in the middle of the lecture it seemed to be that some of us did not understand the concept and they were sleepy even.
But the humidity in that hall was so that my dress had got wet.
At last they ended the lecture at 5:30pm……..
“Did we get anything on the first day Sandy?” I enquired.
“Ya …. A lot …….” He replied.
“Krishhh…..today’s lecture was a bit confusing and bit well” Manasvi joined us.
“oh!! Is it so? Where is it a bit confusing?” Sandy enquired.
“At the process of coding……” She replied.
“That’s okay …as we are new to that it would be like that and once we are accustomed to that it would be well” I replied.
“Ya consummately true Krishhh” She replied.
“Manasvi would you leave to hostel and get freshen up?” I asked.
“Ya Krishhh we would go and we were a bit tired of the continuous lecture…” She said.
“Okay its fine…..Be careful while leaving……Bye” I said.
“Ya  ...fine…..Bye” She said.
“Rev... Let us too leave for our hostel” Ash said.
“Ya dude let us leave” Rev said.
We all had hired the bus from SOM to our hostel 10.
And after reaching our rooms we were so tired and likely to have a bath to get rid of that humidity.
As the bathrooms were newly made they were neat and clean and we all enjoyed bathing there with loads of fun in between which I think is very common between seal lock friends like us.
After having freshen up we all got ready to have something as we all were famished.
The information was very soon to be passed to all in the hostel that the visitors who visited IITB were allowed to eat in the mess of Hostel 7 with economical prices on par with that of canteen.
But to our misfortune that hostel was for boys and gals were not allowed into that. We didn’t call our gals to have some Tiffin with us that evening but phoned them about their food and they said that they would arrange the same.
And some information had made me personally feel ashamed of, was that they were feeling free to join in the other group but not the same with us.
I used the word ‘ashamed of’ because that process would remain as a doubt in the minds of other people as they would think that we were not taking care of our gals……….which I thought the point which should never come on us even in the dreams……….
Soon after we had our tiffin in hostel 7 we hired a bus to the main gate. From the main gate we again had a walk on the pavement as the day before.
“Rev…. again to the same place as yesterday?” Thiruns enquired.
“Yes dude and may be even more” he replied.
“Oh …fine…..Nagarjuna what do you say dude?” Thiruns asked.
“Nothing to say dude…… just absorbing session of workshop” He said.
“Yes dude indeed it was” Ash said.
“Dude we were watching these lanes for past two days but we had no glimpse of Hotel Taj, Gateway of India etc” Vijay enquired me.
“Dude we were far away from the CST point at which, what you said was all located” I answered.
“Oh is it so? fine…..” He replied.
“Yes dude” I replied.
“Would we have any plan to visit them Krishhh” Nithin enquired.
“Yes dude day after tomorrow we had that plan in our itinerary” I said.
“Oh fine” He said.
As we were in the conversation our area of centripetal force….!!!! had arrived in the mean time. 
Ya…..it’s that of Vadapav area…….we had one round of Vadapav each which was very hot to eat but the craziness what we had made us to eat them…….
As many of us were habituated with the hot panipuri what we have in South India, they easily had the hot Vadapav but I was just filled with tears in my eyes and got screwed with the hotness in my mouth as I was not familiarised with hot panipuri.
“See the feelings on Krishhh face........Hahaha” Ash said.
“Dude you are laughing but I am getting screwed here with the hot.........” I said with slight fury on my face.
“Hey...what’s that outburst of tears in your eyes......?” He bemused.
“Nothing like that dude......they are just coming without my cognisant and i cannot even impede them Ash” I said.
“Oh....okay.....Have a glass of water Krishhh” He handed over the glass to me for which I was awaiting instead of his conversation.
“Thank you very much Ash” I replied after having refrigerated my orifice.
“It’s my pleasure dude” He replied.
“Ash.....Can we move forward...?” Sandy asked.
“Ya sure ra” He said.
We moved further down the streets near IITB to get our time passed with every minute as a New York minute.
At last we took a U turn to return to the main gate of IITB.
As we reached the main gate the passage of vehicles at the main gate was intolerably high so that we can’t even cross the road to reach main gate.
After 15 minutes of hard work to cross the road, indeed to say to cross between vehicles rather than road would be quite apt, we reached the main gate.
As the clock had already struck 10 O’ clock there were no buses available in the streets of campus, so we all again gave ample quantity of work to our legs.
I don’t understand why many of them spend their time in walking and other exercises to make their body fit but they would not climb their apartment through steps.
They would indeed take a lift and reach their floor instead of climbing the steps. I think that some take it as a prestige to go in lift rather than climbing steps.
Here too as well, we all walked to reach the hostel but our legs could not even bare the pain to climb a floor, so we took the lift to reach our floor.
As we got tired with the hectic lecture and also with the walking process, we all were bonded with beds and not even waited for the lock to be opened.
As I do believe that loads of work in the day would pave way for us to have sound sleep, the same happened with me and also with the rest.
And the day, 6th September 2010 was started at dawn and we all had a hale and hearty bath with the hot water available for us in the hostel and we all prepared ourselves for the continuation of lecture that started, a day before.
“Rev ....we should all go to hostel 7 and have our breakfast” I said.
“Ya ...Krishhh lets go....” He answered.
We all started for hostel 7 in the bus available there forth at our hostel.
“Nithin....IITB has provided good facility for providing food for the visitors in the hostel mess......” Uday said.
“Ya ra.....that’s why it’s IITB, in hospitality too.....they were so good to provide food at nominal price.....” He replied.
“Of course.......” all said in unison.
As the conversation got hold up our bus had reached the hostel mess and we all had a slight breakfast and took another bus to reach our lecture space, SOM.
Meanwhile we phoned to our gals to enquire about how they passed the night and about their breakfast in the morning.
We along with our gals reached SOM in time for the lecture and occupied the same seats as we did last day.
The lecture started with some sample coding problems and as usually we implemented them on our microcontrollers and got our codes worked.
As time passed we found that it was afternoon and it’s time for us to go for lunch.
“Krishhh......at least I had got some coding work done this morning....it’s very interesting ......” Ash said.
“Oh...Really...cool.....that’s good to hear from you” I said.
“What about you Nithin” I enquired.
“Ya ...its good....” He replied.
“Then what about our master of phone.....!!!” I said.
“Our master didn’t opened the phone this session and listened very effectively..” Rev answered.
“Oh...Is it so???? Good...” I said.
“Uday......I think you are more eager in writing the notes from me than to implement the code” I said.
“Ya ra....my father would check the notes of mine......so ....” He replied.
“Very lucky to get a father like that dude” I said.
“What??? Lucky...!!! Are you kidding?” He asked.
“No dude..I am serious.....it’s good to check like that even at this stage.....this shows how much he cared about you and your future dude......so I made a statement so......” I said.
“Oh...Ya ...Krishhh....You are right” He said.
As we were in our conversation, we reached the canteen and we ordered the same menu as we did in the afternoon of last day.
“Bhavya...Did you get all your codes implemented?” I asked.
“No Krishhh” She said.
“What all were you left with?” I asked.
“That program for detection of nodes, Krishhh” Manasvi answered.
“Oh.... okay... Then try to complete it in forenoon only Manasvi” I suggested.
“Ya we are trying for that itself Krishhh ...and we will complete after lunch...” She answered.
“Ya...That’s fine Manasvi....how is the lunch” I asked her.
“Ya...it’s okay ... But for sure it would not be as our lunch as in our homes, Krishhh” She said.
“Ya  ...that’s true...But we should do adjust ourselves Manasvi to learn something over here” I said.
“Ya... that’s true for sure Krishhh” she said.
“Dudes.....Can we have cool drinks” Thiruns asked us.
“Yesssss Thiruns” We all sounded in unison and gossiped that Thiruns invited all of us to the cool drink party.....!!!
“Party!!!.....what for...?” He shouted.
“How can we know the reason for you to give the party” Ashok said.
“It might be anything .........” Nagarjuna said.
“Anything means...??? Can u please expand it Nagarjuna” Bhavya asked.
“Anything means anything.....You ask him for the clarity” He answered.
“What Thiruns, for what the party is ....???” She asked.
“What nonsense are you all talking.....I just proposed......” Thiruns said.
As he was completing the sentence Ash interfered and said “What Thiruns ......proposed..??? You didn’t even tell us a single word before that......”
“What would you do Ash if he had told you?” Sandeep said.
“Just shut up yar.....what’s the hell you are kidding of? I had just proposed all to have a cool drink.....that’s all....” Thiruns said.
“Oh....That’s the matter...?” Ash said.
“Yes” He said.
This conversation had paved way for laughter in our team and we were just laughing like that and I think no one surrounding us were able to understand what made us to laugh so much.
After having a healthy laughter, we all moved forward towards to the SOM.
As we reached our hall our seats were occupied by other people and we were seated in the last benches of hall and there were no seats left.
And after ten minutes or so our lecturer had arrived and started his final topic of the event i.e., motors and grippers.
As the topics were based on theory rather than on practical, I found that many of students were busy in their work by forming groups and had some pics and videos of their memories in the lecture hall of IITB.
We too did the same but some of us eagerly listened to the lecture for some time as we had to make out a competition from that grippers and motors later.
I do remember, when it was 3:00 in the afternoon we had received a message that our 1st year results were out.
That message had been passed to our four benches like wild fire and from then our latent hostility towards our result started.
“I was really worried about my maths paper....May God blesses me with the pass marks” Uday said and started of his first prayer.
Later these types of prayers were done by all, to be blessed with a good percentage, by some of us and to get passed, by others.
But as I heard that word of result, I got stricken up with the only thing that what percentage would I score now.....???!!!!
I too prayed the Lord to bless me with the good percentage for which I was really eligible for...
Meanwhile we got a phone call from our friend from the college that just the pass/fail listings were kept as of then and marks were not put up in notice board.
Our friend said that we all who were on a trip to IITB had passed and only one mate got flunked in the exam and his name is Sravan.
As I saw his face at that moment of time I can’t even know what to talk with him and get him console with that kind of message.
As we were busy with the results, the lecture had completed on grippers and they were ready to give off the certificates for attending the workshop.
We all took our certificates of achievement on swarm robotics from Robosoft systems and which was organised by IITB.
 But one nauseating thing to note here is that the names which were written on the certificates were written in such a way that they were given a wrong shape to the certificates.
After taking our certificates we returned some modules which were given by the company to us during the workshop and left the hall after carrying out the workshop lucratively.


“Congratulations to would be topper of E&I” I said to Manasvi.
“Topper...!!! Me ..???!!! No Krishhh I won’t be the topper” She said.
“What is the percentage you are expecting?” I asked.
“Basically ......I don’t expect Krishhh....As it would be sad if we don’t reach that ....” She said.
“Oh!!! It’s ok.....But I think you would get something around 80’s” i said.
“Hope so” She said and left for hostel.
We all made our way towards the hostel 10, the only den of ours...!!!
As we finished with our main activity of attending the workshop, so now it’s our turn to fully explore the city whatever the way we would like to.....
We all got refreshed in the hostel and went to hostel 7 to have some snacks and hired a bus to reach the main gate.
Three of our mates Vamshi, Sandeep, Sravan diverted from us to reach Vamshi’s cousin house which was situated in Bombay.
And remaining ten of us hired three autos to reach R-City mall which was located five kilometres away from IITB.
We reached the mall and fully explored the mall which was filled with all the different kinds of shops related to garments, jewellery, fun, amusement, theatres and even food courts on the top floor.
As I seldom visit the malls I was just confused of the way of life with these malls. How the central AC used would maintain adequate temperature in this large open spaced area with quite more cool absorbers like metals??
What’s the efficiency of that AC? And what might be the power consumption for the whole mall for the day? And whether it was really an AC required here?
So an outbreak of all these questions just screwed my mind for quite some time and I was later made conscious by the price of various objects in the mall.....!!!!!!!!!!!
We all surrounded the mall three to four times, as it was easy for us, as the escalators were available to get down and to climb up easily without any mechanical force of our body except at getting on to the escalator.
At last we entered the food court to have some food and we had got the rich south Indian food to eat in that area.
And when it was time to close the mall we got down and hired autos to reach the main gate of IITB.
And in that night, the autowalla were demanding two times the actual fare as the clock had hit 10 O’ clock.
After reaching the main gate, we again made our legs to do the work for us, to reach our hostel 10.
And as we were walking we saw an ice cream parlour in the way.
“Sandy....we would eat tooti-frooti over there?” Ash asked.
“Ya...we all would go there to meet the coldness to our mouth....” He said.
“Ya for sure Sandy” I said supporting them, as when it comes to ice-cream, resistance is otiose.
We all ten members went to eat ice-cream, in which different zests were chosen by us but the majority was with butterscotch.
We all walked from the place we had taken the ice-creams to our hostel as the down pour is getting heavy.
But that delight of having ice-cream in one hand and friend’s hand on the other and walking on the pavement with trivial down pour was simply phenomenal and exciting.
As we were walking, my ice-cream had completed and when I turned to see the shop, it was exciting for me to see that shop was just 100metres away from us, as we walked just that distance in the mean time.....here you can estimate how slow we were walking and enjoying the minor drizzle.
Our dresses were half wetted as we reached the hostel and we made the lift wetted with us in our journey to our floor.
As we opened the locks of our rooms, the clock hit 11 O’ clock and in just half an hour or so we were about to sleep we all met in a room to have a last chitchat of the day.
Tringgg.....Tringgg....a phone rang as we were talking and that phone was of Revanth.
“Hello sis...” he said in the phone.
And we expect the same hello as reply from the other side.
And after that a small conversation did hold between them and as I looked his face, his face was turned red.....!!!!
He said his sis to hold on the phone and said to us “Our marks are out mates”.
Then immediately, within no point of time our faces turned red and red.......and even as some of us were yawning, that news had made their yawns go out of their way....!!!!
“Guys....I secured 70% odd..” Rev said to us.
The only question which was in my mind was that of how much I would score.......
“Our Krishhh is the topper of the class with 83%.......Congrats Krishhh” Rev said and firstly congratulated me.
“Wow ....is it sooo...??!!! Don’t make fun of that dude.....” I said to him as I can’t believe what he said.
“Hey Krishhh am not kidding ......You are the topper” He once again confirmed me.
That confirmation had made me so happy that night.
“Congrats Krishhh” This word was said by all who were present beside me that night and I also survived as they didn’t ask party that late night....!!!!!
“Sandy...come on lets switch on the net on mobile to see our marks in each subject and others too..” I said.
“Ya Krishhh.....I had already opened it....come here we would see” he said.
“Oh...You are very fast dude.....” I said and went to him.
We checked the results of some of our class mates to check the positions in the class.
It was very amazing to note that we, the boys stood in first and second positions and the third was engaged by a gal who is none other than Manasvitha....
It was conceit to note that the two of toppers were included in our team which lead to Bombay.
And another interesting result to note was that of Sravan. When we were in workshop, we got the information that he got flunked but when we saw his result in net, he was successfully passed in all the subjects and did not get flunked in any.
Another interesting reality to note that the whole team of sixteen, who lead to Bombay were all passed and the result was 100%.
It had become 2:00am, as we were examining the results and at last we had prepared a list comprising of marks of all and also with the positions.
In order to get up early in the morning I decided to sleep and went to my room to do the required.
I thanked all my professors and of course the almighty for giving me such a position, which I would never expect.
We all got up early in the morning of next day and completed all our activities, which were indeed required.......
And as that is the last day of bathing in the bathrooms of IITB hostel 10 we all ten, once again had fun in the bathrooms with one of the famous songs at that time, as our music....!!!!
After all the enjoyment, we started our photo session on the top floor of our hostel with different scenery behind as the background and by giving different stills. And of all the stills, the still of Telangana IITB JAC was simply super.
Later the day we packed our baggage, as we had to relinquish the rooms to the hospitality section of IITB as our time for hang about got expired.
“Rev...Some of us would go to handover the rooms and the rest to the canteen...” I said.
“Ya..We would do so....Ash, you and I would go to handover and the rest all would lead to canteen” He said.
“Ya...we would go...” I said and we all hired a bus and we got down near SOM and the rest forwarded in the bus to canteen.
“We need to call to our gals dude..” I said to Rev.
“Ya..make a call and ask their status…..” He said.
I took my phone and rang a call to Manasvi…
“Hello Manasvi…I am Krishhh” I said.
“Ya…Krishhh…I got you…..” She said.
“What’s the status of you….now I think it’s time to give up our rooms to the hospitality section” I said.
“Ya Krishhh….I too remember of that and we got bathed just now as there was rush and we were getting ready and will be there within ten minutes” She said.
“Oh….It’s okay Manasvi …..But be on toes we were already getting late for the further trip for the day” I said.
“Ya Krishhh we would come as soon as possible” She said.
“It’s ok Manasvi….then bye for now …be fast” I said.
“Ya bye….” She said.
“Rev….they were getting ready it seems and they would come here within ten minutes or so” I said.
“It’s ok…then we would hand over our things to the organizers” he said.
“Ya….” I said.
And we handed over the keys, buckets and all other related stuff to them and sat on the bench awaiting our gals.
After long fifteen minutes, our gals had arrived and we handed over their stuff to the organizers and left for canteen as our rest of team was waiting for us.
“Congratulations to our topper” Our three gals wished me in unison.
“Thank you very much” I said.
“Congratulation to another topper among us” I said.
“Who’s that …...?” Bhavya asked as if she was not familiar of that.
“Manasvi” I answered.
“I am in third position and you calling me as topper, Krishhh???” she said.
“It’s not all about the position yar……It’s just about the percentage with which we scored” I said.
“Ya that’s also important Krishhh” She said.
“See if we consider any sport or any event we consider the top three…..so here too with the same idea I wished you Manasvi……” I said.
“Oh…It’s ok….Thank you very much Krishhh” she said.
And as were in the conversation, we reached the canteen and our mates had already eaten the breakfast and were ready with the luggage to leave IITB.
 Meanwhile a bus had arrived and we suggested them to leave in that bus and wait for us near the gate and we would come.
“Ash….what we would order..?” Bhavya asked.
“Dosa…..” he replied.
“Is that okay for all” Rev enquired.
“Yesssss..” We all sounded in harmony.
We had ordered six dosas, ate them and started to walk off to the main gate of IITB.
We all met near the main gate and took four autos to reach Kanjurmarg railway station to get a local to CST.
Now it’s time to climb the local with all the luggage and gals with us so again we divided into groups of four and climbed the local safely and reached CST.
Whenever I ever reached CST, it would give me the glimpses of the videos that were recorded in the closed circuit cameras when Kasab was travelling with his AK47 around the station.
That day was fully made to rejoice ourselves in the streets of Bombay and also to enjoy to the extreme with friends.
The day’s plan in our itinerary was to visit, ‘Gate way of India’, Hotel Taj, Elephanta caves, Fashion street, Mahalakshmi temple and then return to CST as we had our train to Hyderabad at 9:00pm the same day.
“Rev….could we keep our luggage in the cloak room available here…so that we can easily go round the city” I said.
“Ya…good idea….we would keep them and what about lappys??” he asked.
“Lappy would be safe if we keep them in cloak rooms with full security” I said.
“Ok….we all would go to cloak room and it is there” He said to all pointing his hand towards the cloak room.
As we reached the cloak room, the instructions written in front of it made us to do some hard work with our luggage.
“Sir, you need to lock all the luggage of you and need to be scanned and stamped by the security before they were to be accepted into the cloak room” An officer near cloak room said to us.
And then we bought the number of locks as our bags were and locked each of them and passed all of them into the baggage scanner near the security check, as they would do in case of flight travel and got stamped on the locks.
According to the plan, first we need to reach Gate way of India but to reach all them with our luggage on our back would be an arduous job. So, we kept our luggage in the cloak room.
Then we all reached the main exit of CST and a large number of taxis calling for the passengers appeared in front of us.
“Rev…could we hire an taxi?” I asked.
“NO Krishhh….we would go on foot…It’s very near from here” He said.
“Ya dude…..It’s just 4km from here” I said.
And we all started to walk on the streets of the Bombay to reach Gate of Bombay and we were restricted by the traffic to follow one by one in a line instead of going in a group….!!!!
“Bhavya…..there is Cama hospital, in which terrorists attacked….” I said as I saw it from a distance.
“Yes….Krishhh …..It’s Cama….” She said.
 As we moved further we had the glimpses of Hotel Taj’s top dome.
“I think…Manasvi is thinking of the thing that our boys are making us to walk these long distances….” I said.
“No no Krishhh…..not so….I was just listening to your words and just walking….” She said.
“Oh…but your face shows so….” I said.
“Is it so…??? But I don’t think so Krishhh” She said.
“Ok…fine…” I said.
As we were in our conversation, we had reached Hotel Taj and Gate way of India, which are just opposite to each other after making the security checks as they were top monuments of our country.
We spent some time near Gate of India, as it is located just adjacent to Arabian Sea; the tides of water were intending to touch us, when we sat on the wall nearby.
Later we decided to go to Elephanta caves, which is an island near to the coast of Bombay and we should go there in steamer, which was costing around 180 bucks.
We all hired a steamer to Elephanta caves and got into that and paid extra 10 bucks to reach the top of steamer for sightseeing.
We all enjoyed in the steamer with lot of chat in between and lots of pics to take with different stills and with different persons in the background……!!!!!!!!!!!
But suddenly information from one of our mates had made some of us and mainly me to get dismayed.
And that information was related to our responsibility in making this trip and I was just dumb struck with that question arising from one of the mouths which I would never expect to raise with which the care we took to each of our mate.
But to say, I was simply uninterested in the Elephanta caves visit, with that information echoing in my ear.
We all got down near the island from the steamer and had to walk 2kms to reach the caves.
But in the mean time, we had received information that on Monday caves would be closed and to our bad luck that day was also a Monday….!!!!
While we were walking, I observed Bhavya showing her grief in walking.
 “I shall not come there…I am feeling tired” she said to us.
“Ok…you sit here we would all go and come” Rev said.
We visited the gate of Elephanta as it was close and csme back to board the steamer.
Although the journey in steamer is interesting but the journey was for a span of 2hours on one way trip. So it took 4hours of our schedule for just the journey in the steamer.
As we were on return trip, the information that was given to me in onward trip, echoed in my ears and I was unable to be happy at that time and I just sat in a corner, thinking about something as if I am a philosopher….!!!!
But my silence had made all my mates to lose some enjoyment, which I ever feel about and I would never forgive myself in doing so……!!!
At 4:00pm we had reached Gate of India and after reaching I just went and sat on the platform of ‘my God Swami Vivekananda’s statue’, so that I would get some peace of mind, to regain myself to the earlier state.
 “Krishhh...let us have a group photo” Rev said and called me.
“Ya dude” I said and went to have a group photo of the whole team of sixteen.
After instantaneous printing of the photo we all walked to get out of the security post to hire a taxi to fashion street.
We hired two taxis with eight members each in it and lead our way to fashion street which was one of the busiest textile markets of Bombay.
At the fashion street, all of us made our wallets to do work, as we did our legs to do work in the streets of Bombay.
I suspect the total invoice of all the sixteen members was around 25k bucks………..
After all the shopping, we with huge covers, again made our legs to do work for us and reached CST.
While we were coming from the streets near CST, all eyes were on us with our traditional gals as that area looks to be with ultimate fashion and we were looking as odd one out in that area…..!!!!
As we reached around 8:00pm to CST, we went to cloak room to pick up our luggage.
After picking our luggage, we went to a canteen in the station to have the famous Vadapav and this time, we had hotter ones than past.
At 8:45pm, an announcement was made, that the Bombay express was on platform number 3, and would start in 15minutes from then.
As we heard the announcement, we went to the platform stated and climbed the train and this time all our berths were reserved in the same compartment.
We had a nice sleep in the train and later, on the next day we enjoyed in the train.
As a part of jokes, some of us commented Bhavya and I thought, she got hurt with the comments, and I personally never agree the comments like that.
After having fun in train we reached our destination Hyd.!
We went to nearby hotel to have our lunch and hired three autos to MGBS to catch a bus to Warangal.
As time passed, we slept as the gentle breeze was blowing through the window and onto our face.
Later as the bus made some circus feats, some of us were made to get up.
“How were the days Manasvi” I enquired.
“Very good Krishhh” She said.
“How was the workshop on the whole?…..was it a bit helpful?” I asked.
“Yes ….the workshop was good” She said.
“Then how was the trip on the whole?...satisfied..??”
“Ya  ...the trip is one of the memorable trips I ever had……fully satisfied …..Thank you very much Krishhh for including us into this” She said.
“Hey…that not at all required Manasvi…..as you said you were satisfied with the workshop, that’s enough for me” I said.
“Ok….are you looking forward for the Nexus completion Krishhh?” She asked.
“Yes …I am looking forward for that completion” I said.
“Will you make your hand in that?” I asked.
“Will decide and tell you later Krishhh” She said.
“Ya...it’s okay” I said.
As we were in the conversation the bus had reached Kazipet junction and now it’s time for me to pick up my luggage and wait near the wicket of bus to get down at my point.
“Bye Manasvi…..have a safe journey to your home” I wished.
“Bye guys ….am leaving……” I said to all.
“Ya bye Krishhh” all uttered in unison.
At last, we all reached our home safely and we had made our first trip with friends a successful one. 
I have this hope on before hand and my hope came true as time progressed.
I believe that Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies……………



A fortnight later, the work for the technical festival, of our department had started.
We being, sophomores of our department had lot of work to do.
We were given a fun event to organize for the fest and we were indeed required to participate in the events of robotics as suggested by our seniors.
“Rev….I think we had given an event to organize for the fest” I said.
“Ya Krishhh…..a fun event to organize” He said.
“Ya..What about the innovative idea for the event?” I asked.
“Ya…thinking of the same dude” He said.
“Ya  ...fine….What about our participation in the robotic event?” I asked.
“Ya..We would participate” Sandy replied.
“Ya…well….We would bring the components required for us to build the robots” I said.
“Ya ….we would go to Hyderabad and bring them well before” Ash said.
“Yes dude….”  Rev said.
“Firstly….we would make a list of components, required for us to make them” I said.
“Ya….” They three said in unison.
“You sound in good rhythm mates” I said.
“Ya…let us go to Hyderabad after couple of days” Ash said.
“Ya …it’s all right…..” Rev said.
“How we should go to Hyderabad?” I asked.
“We should go in a vehicle and Nithin will take care of that vehicle as he know someone related” Sandy said.
“Ya …that’s fine” I said.
A couple of days later, we prepared the list of components to be brought and hired a vehicle to leave for Hyderabad.
On the day of our trip, we all met near the vehicle and started our journey for Hyderabad.
“Krishhh…..Is the list ready with you?” Uday asked.
“Ya...its ready dude” I answered.
In the middle of our travel, we had stopped near a hotel to have our breakfast, as we started early in the morning.
After having breakfast and tea, we continued our further travel.
Meanwhile, when I had observed a fort I asked “Guys…Does anyone of us visited that fort”
“No…..” all answered in unity.
“Oh….it’s okay….then we should have a trip to this fort” 
“Ya…we should have in the upcoming vacation” Ash said.
Later we all felt sleepy as the gentle breeze began to flow.
After reaching the city, we requested our driver to lead us to Koti, where the electronics shop was located.
But all of us only knew the name of the shop and none knew the accurate address or phone number.
Because of the afore mentioned reason, we began to roam in the streets near Koti to find the shop and after half an hour or so, we had found that shop and its astonishing to note that we had many rounds around the shop but could not notice it.
We had bought the required components for the bots and paid 3000 bucks.
As it was in the afternoon, we had gone to a mall so that to get our time passed, as we do not want to return to Warangal in that blazing sun.
We all enjoyed in the mall and later in the evening we made our way to tank bund and had a walk around it in cool breeze and had a multi photo session with different stills.
We reached Warangal in the late night in spite of the fact that we had travelled with a high speed of 100kmph.


As we ever make the projects done on the before day of its submission…….this time too we had made our robots in the late hours on the day before our completion.
On the day of our completion, we had a wrong thing to notice out and it was that some of our robot connections had lost. It was out of blue for us.
Later we arranged all the connections in the apt manner and got our robot ready for the competition and it is likely to note that we were the champions of the completion and had taken our reward from the guest.

We had used the robot, which had made us winners of the competition, in all the other completions, as that it was a superstitious belief....!!!!
Later we had started our work for the project ‘Mars maneuver’, which is a competition in IIT Bombay during Techfest ’11…….
Our team comprised of blazing six members….which includes me, Sandy, Manasvi, Thiruns, Nagarjuna, Bhavya……..
Out of these its disappointing to note that the total work was shared among me, Sandy and Manasvi…….
Sandy and I started the work by making the arena for the trial runs of our bots…..
Here a small note on the competition …….It’s a robotic competition, where we had to prepare a manual and two autonomous robots and the concept hold as……the autonomous bots has to bring desired blocks kept in arena taking the assistance of manually controlled robot to get them to desired space. This was analogous to that of NASA mission to the mars to get some objects from Mars…. 
So, here our desire was to construct a manual robot and do the necessary coding work for two autonomous robots and get our task done successfully.
“Sandy…is it possible for us to do this?” I asked.
“Ya Krishhh...why not???!!!”
“If you show that confidence then it’s obvious that we can make it”
“Ya dude…..our arena is completed…..we have to do some coding work done in parallel with the design and construction of manual robot”
“Ya sure ra”
“Ya…then what about other guys”
“I too thinking about that dude……its arduous for two of us to make the work of six”
“Ya….it is very difficult……what about those gals”
“Manasvi would do the work with us for sure dude…..”
“Ohh…its okay…..  at least half were available!!!”
“Dude…lets go it ROBO film”
“Film….!!! This late evening……??? Why so suddenly Krishhh?”
“Ya dude …..Let us go to 2nd show and get our work done for the day there after”
We went to the film and that film was simply awesome and inspiring for robotic freaks like us.
“Krishhh…..Aish is so gorgeous na???”
“Hahaha……dude Rajini was sooo handsome  for sure….may be, even I say that it is hypothetical”.
“Ya Ya….alright……How about that andro humanoid……Can we dare to make it?”
“Make…???.......Ya, we can make it if we take this as our career…..but for sure not in this B.tech…..”
“Okay…leave it……we should do the coding work up till 4 O’ clock in the morning so that we should at least complete basics for our robot”
“Ya….we should do”. We started our work seriously after watching and getting inspired by the film Robo…..
The days and nights passed with the same coding work to get it done and to debug the code.
We three had designed the model of manual robot and had bought pieces of wood and other stuff to make it.
“Sandy….Shall we start the process of manual robot tomorrow?” I asked.
“I have little work tomorrow and I can’t come……I think you both can start the work tomorrow”
“Oh…it’s okay then we both shall start the work tomorrow”
“What do you say Manasvi?” Sandy asked her.
“Yes …we shall start tomorrow” She replied.
On the next day we started our work and the work was mainly depending on mechanical aspects.
While Manasvi was doing that mechanical work with me, a point had risen in my mind that how far it is good to make a gal work on these mechanical things?
As soon as that question was raised in my mind, a counter was also raised in parallel, that why not a gal could do this? Is this not the job of a gal? Are gals intended for only soft works?
So a flow of questions countered that argument in my mind and I think they are paradoxical thoughts.
As I was thinking about these, she had hurt herself while tightening a screw. 
As I saw her finger the blooding was oozing out like a fountain…!!!!
“Hey…what has happened Manasvi?”
“No problem …..Just a small injury to the finger”
“Not small…….The blood is oozing out right…?”
“Ya…”
“Come …..We would wash the finger and apply some anti-septic drug”
“Ya…where is the wash basin?”
“That side……”
After she had washed her finger, I had applied some anti-septic drug to lessen the pain and also to make the blood clot.
“Can we start our work Krishhh?”
“Work!!!!”  I was just perplexed with her words. She got hurt and she was sooo passionate to continue the work right after the anti-septic was applied.
“I want to change your name from Manasvi to Diligent”
“Diligent!!! Why so?”
“I think the name will be apt for you”
“Oh….it’s my pleasure …thank you very much for the compliment”
“It’s my pleasure to have such a colleague at the project” 
As we had a habit of playing with the English vocabulary, I had assigned the name as so which was very apt.
Instead of continuing the work, we had left the work for the day as one of us got hurt and we began to watch the launch of GSLV F06 rocket and that too was ended in depressing mode as the rocket exploded the next moment it had launched.
After continuous hard work of Manasvi, Sandy and me, we had made the code for our autonomous robot and our manual controlled robot was also designed but I was not perfectly sure with the manual robot.
We had reserved the tickets for Bombay from Hyderabad and we the team of eleven members forwarded for Hyderabad to catch up our train to Bombay.
On a fine day we started for Hyderabad early in the morning….all had put on jerkins and mufflers as it was very cold in the in the early hours of morning.
After reaching Hyderabad, we had a plan to get concession on our tickets as we were going on a student technical trip but the station master did not favor the request in our way due to some mistake we did in the process.
“Rev……Let us go to a hotel to have our lunch…..”
“Ya dude….we are very famished….” Ash said.
“Ya dude…let us go” I said.
After having our meal we boarded on to the train for Bombay and this time we got our berths reserved in the same coach.
“Sandy…..Can we make out the competition tomorrow?”
“Ya Krishhh….why not? We will…..”
“Ya…..the responsibility of controlling the robot will be on you in the 1st trial and on Manasvi in the 2nd trial”
“We both..???!!! And you are not taking part in the control???”
“Ya….it’s you both dude who have a good command on the control robot”
“Dude..What are you talking? Is that you don’t have the required command than us?”
“Not like that dude…….I am not so confident about controlling, so I am giving up and I think it’s not the time for me to test my luck”
“Oh….okay…as your wish……Did you tell about this to Manasvi?”
“Ya dude….On beforehand I am trying to set her mind for the job”
“Okay…once again you remind her about the technique and our logic for the job”
“Ya certainly….come dude we shall have a talk about the job with her”
“Ya…” and we both went to her.
“Manasvi….it’s already known to you that you are the one who will be controlling the robot for the 2nd trial” I said.
“Me…?” Manasvi got perplexed.
“Ya  ...it’s you” Sandy said.
“Whose is taking the 1st trail?”
“Sandy…” I said.
“Oh….then when you will take the process to control?” She asked me.
“I am not taking the job to control due to some reasons and it’s you both who shall be controlling and that is fixed”
“Oh…okay…Can you once again tell me the whole process of control?” Manasvi asked.
“Ya…” Sandy and I answered in unison and began to explain her once again about the process.
“You look to be confident with the control” I said to her.
“Ya….likely sooo…”
After this conversation, we all enjoyed the breeze running around our faces as the train moved from the beautiful green landscapes.
Later we had our dinner and a sound had made us to concentrate on it for its arrival as we heard that sound because of Doppler Effect and it was far away from us.
That sound was that of eight letter word…….Ice cream…..!!!!
We took a butter-scotch each as when it comes to butter-scotch, resistance is futile…….
We had discussion on some of the general topics before going to sleep and some songs were sung in between by our singers Manasvi and Ash…..!!! So as not to get bored with the discussions……
In the early morning of the next day, we got down in a station whose name was very worrying for us at the end to utter…….and that worrying station was ‘Dadar‘, four stations before CST.
As that was in the early hours of the day we had our jerkins, shawls and dupattas on and it was too cold in Bombay.
According to the itinerary one of our friend’s friend had come to the station to receive us and to get us accommodated in a hotel nearby.
We were taken to a hotel which was very malicious (known after) as we entered it the smell had made our senses to lose their behavior for five minutes or so.
The construction of hotel was very tricky and I need to salute that civil engineer for the awesome construction of maximum rooms in the least space available.
We took two rooms, one for our girls and one for us, the demand for them was 2500 bucks a day and the rooms were just like that a 6 feet guy cannot stand straight and the room would look crowd if there are three members in the room.
  As Bombay is one of the costliest cities of India, we cannot go for another spacious hotel with the budget we had and need to adjust in them as we were intended to be in them only to sleep in nights.
The water provided by the hotel was also not clean and we did not even bath with the water, as we were worried about infections with that water.
Instead all opened their perfume bottles to do the work desired and later we had bought a mouth freshener bottle from a medical shop to do the job needed…..!!!!!!
Later we boarded on a Dheeri local train to Kanjurmarg from Dadar to lead to IITB.
After reaching IITB, we were astonished to see a gigantic line before it and that line resembled me of a line in Tirupathi for darshan of that Lord.
We stood in that line and the Sun had showed his mammoth power to us.
We had reached the place where our competition does hold and went near organizers to register ourselves.
“Excuse me…Can you register our team for the event?” I asked the organizer.
“Ya sure…Can you tell me the reference number”
“Ya here it is….” I showed the number.
“Ya…but sorry the slots for today had been completed …..Can you please book a slot tomorrow?”
“Completed…!!! Oh nooo”
“Ya they are completed for today Srivatava” He said to his colleague in Telugu language.
“Oh …..We too are from Andhra Pradesh” I said to him in Telugu as I heard him speaking in Telugu.
“Oh…Is it sooo…good” he said
“Ya….We came from such a long distance to participate and you are saying to register a slot for tomorrow …..May be it’s our fault, to be late but please consider us dude”
“Ya…I shall try to book a last slot for you and you get ready for that slot which is going to begin in forty minutes from now”
“Okay…Thank you so much”
“Fine….get ready fast…”
As his conversation had completed I ran to my team to tell about this and we soon began to prepare our robot for the first run.
After completing the preparation a call was made by the organizers to attend the checking of dimensions of our robot and we made completed the checking process successfully.
Later as we kept our autonomous robots on the arena to check the lighting conditions on the arena, we were shocked to see that one of our robots was not working according to the code we built in it and the other was not recognizing due to lighting disturbances.
“I think one of your robot is out of way and the other had some lighting problems and we shall adjust the required light for your robot” One of the organizers said to us.
“Ya..its okay” Sandy said, as he was the one controlling the robots for the 1st trial.
“Dude…..do your job well and the rest we depend on that Almighty…all the best…….” I said to Sandy.
“Ya dude…”
As our run had begun, I just closed my eyes as I was began to get tensed.
Our manual robot had completed its first task successfully by lifting the autonomous robot.
But the second task of it to cross the speed breaker ahead was one of the difficult tasks for us as our design was not supported to do it……and we had made a small mistake in our design which had made our run to end in smoke.
I was just shocked to see the result, as our robot was not in a position to cross the speed breaker and that had made us feel very sorry of our work.
Mainly, I had felt a feeling of moisture in my eyes as the run had completed unsuccessfully and I went to sit in a corner with my head down.
Some of my friends came up to me to wipe of my tears……….and I was not in a position to respond to them…….
Few minutes later one of us suggested to leave the arena to wipe of those moments of struck of our robot near speed breaker.
As suggested we left the arena to another competition Robowars to watch it.
“No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right................. a single experiment can prove me wrong........” I said as we began to walk.
“That’s all Popper’s philosophy is all about” Manasvi said the very next moment.
“Are you kidding Manasvi???”  I asked.
“No…not at all Krishhh”
“Popper’s philosophy???!!!” Sandy asked as he was bewildered by that word…..
“Ya …its Popper’s itself dude not at all that ‘F……’psychology which was famous with a film” I said.
“Oh…okay….what is this Popper’s all about….?”
“This is a philosophy dude…”
“What is that philosophy about can you elaborate it?”
“Ya…..Almost everyone is familiar with the classical method of reasoning know as modus ponens.  The well known example goes as ……..
If Socrates is a man then Socrates is mortal.
Socrates is a man.
Therefore, Socrates is mortal”.
“Ya……..” he said.
“Few know that the progress of science no longer depends primarily upon this method, but on the less familiar form known as modus tolens, which goes like this……..
If Socrates is a god, then Socrates is immortal.
Socrates is not immortal.
Therefore, Socrates is not a god.”
“Is this Poppers philosophy??”
“Yes…..Karl Popper's philosophy of science uses modus tolens as the central method of disconfirming, or falsifying, scientific hypotheses.   Scientists start with a current scientific theory and use the usual methods of deductive reasoning to derive specific conclusions, of which some are "predictions".   Strictly deductive reasoning is "truth preserving", that is, it is such that if one starts out with "true" premises, one can only deduce "true" conclusions.   Starting with a "theory" and deducing "predictions" can be stated in the form of a premise:
If the theory is true, then the prediction is true.
Popper shows that we cannot prove that a theory is true, but we can certainly show that a prediction is false.  If the scientist tests one of these predictions and finds out that it is not true, he uses good 'ole modus tolens to conclude that the theory cannot be true.
If the theory is true, then the prediction is true.
The prediction is not true.
Therefore, the theory is not true”.
“Ohh……got it…!!!”
“Ya …Sandy  ...This is what Popper’s philosophy is all about…..Now I think you understand why Manasvi has said so?”
“Ya Krishhh…..I got the meaning”
“Ya…Ya...good!!!”
After the conversation we had a slight lunch in the stalls provided at IITB.
We had made ourselves tired by roaming in the lanes of IITB to watch the most amusing events of the festival.
After getting tired we decided to move to the hotel and take some rest which was indeed required at that moment.
We had taken a Dheeri local train to Dadar (whose name I ever fear to say) and straight away went to our rooms.
As we entered the room all were just in a mood to fall in bed to have a nap…….meanwhile we ordered tea and coffee for refreshment and indeed some jokes from our mates which were not required to be ordered….!!!
After having a siesta, we decided to go to a mall which was very famous in that area……..
“Bhavya……We are going to a mall nearby and get ready for the required” I said.
“Which mall?”
“R-City….”
“Ohh….okay …we shall get ready for that……”
“Okay…fine……Be ready within fifteen minutes….”
We enjoyed to the maximum in the mall while playing games by forming two groups within us and had a competition among us……
We had a good meal in the food court available there and had a photo session with different stills.
The three hours in the mall was one of the memorable moments I ever spent with all my mates around…….awing enjoyment……!!!
In the night where the clock had struck 11 O’ clock we got out from mall and hired autos to reach the nearby railway station to reach Dadar.
After reaching Dadar, the area was fully occupied by drunkards whom we did not notify in the mornings, as it was very clean.
“Rev…..What do you say about this area?”
“Dude…..What can we do now? …..It’s already 11 O’clock……We shall be careful within ourselves for this night and we shall think about next tomorrow”.
“Ya….its okay……What about our girls?”
“Ya…I am also thinking of the same issue……We shall request some of us to sleep in their room”
“Dude…I think firstly we shall seek permission from them about this”
“Ya…it’s required but we can’t dare to make them sleep alone in their room with this kind of surroundings here”
“Ya..That’s true …….and I shall go and ask them about this”
“Ya dude…..I shall be in our room …..”
Uday and I went to their room to ask about this……
“Bhavya….we were mistaken unknowingly to book our rooms in this kind of area……so we want some of our guys to sleep in your room for safety reasons”
“Oh…Ya…its okay…..welcome” She said.
“Oh…thank you and never open the room unless some of us call your name to open the room” I said and left to our room.
As we began to return to our room, I heard some immaterial sounds from other rooms which had shocked me and made to think of about the Bombay city in other point of view………
“Krishhh….what happened? What they said” Rev asked.
“Ya dude  ...they indeed agreed for our request”
“Okay…..Uday and Ashok would sleep in their room”
“See that room is small and the door is not that much safe and our guys and we too can’t do anything if something goes wrong” Nithin said.
“Ya rev….it is very true according to the circumstances prevailing……”
“Okay….If so…..What do you say?”
“According to me, it’s good to shift at least their room to some other good hotel available”
“Ya….that’s is the best thing to do dude” Nithin said.
“Ya ….that’s the best we can do….” All said in unison.
“Where could we get hotels this late night?” Rev said.
“We had gone to a hotel a furlong from here and the receptionist said that there was an Ac room available with them” Nithin said.
“Oh….Rev then we should go firstly to book the room” I said.
“Ya…..we shall go….”
We got down from our hotel and paved our way to the hotel said by Nithin and when we asked the receptionist he said that the room was booked just a few minutes ago and the clock had struck 12 O’ clock in the night.
Down at the gate of this hotel, we had committed a mistake by telling the gate keeper about our stay at previous hotel…….which later he called to one of the hotel brokers of our previous hotel and he came to us to help us to book  another good hotel.
“Are you looking for a decent hotel?” He asked us.
“Ya..” I said.
“There is a hotel just 100metres from here, which is a very good” the broker said.
“Oh….okay”
“I shall take you to the hotel” he said.
“Ya…” we said and followed him for the hotel.
We almost walked 5kms odd around the Dadar with him and whenever we ask him he says that hotel is just 100metres ahead.
At last after forty five minutes of our walk we reached the hotel and we were shocked to see as that good hotel (as said by him) also comprises of bar……
“This hotel has a bar….we don’t want such hotels...” rev said.
“Ya…..Here in Dadar every hotel had a bar in it….that’s not a big problem” he said.
“No…we don’t need such hotels and you are showing the hotels with same features….” I said.
“You can’t go any way around ……Being educated you say this silly reasons?” He was just shouting at us.
“Hey…..what the hell are you doing with us…..we don’t want your assistance …..just leave us…..As you said we are educated we have that capability to search for the hotels required by us…..” I said.
“No…..I won’t leave you…” he said.
“What….???” We were just puzzled and he had made us to walk more 5kms odd at that late 1 O’clock and we cannot do anything with him as that was his area and if we do anything to him then definitely we would get punished by their men.
“Brother…….We can search our own hotels and please you leave us” We pleaded him as much as we can and offered that commission what he gets if we take the hotel told by him.
At last he left us after eating the brains of both Rev and me for one and half hour or so in the streets of Dadar…..
“Rev…..I heard the name of Vivekananda hotel and that it has a good reputation” I said.
“Is it so? We shall go to the hotel ……”
“Ya…..” We moved to the Vivekananda hotel and explained the receptionist over there about the trouble we faced in the previous hotel and said that we were students from Andhrapradesh (but wanted to say Telangana instead of Andhrapradesh but he could make it if I says so), came here to IIT.
After listening to our story he was pleased and offered discount on the room we booked for our girls.
Two hours of search for the room, we had got one and reached our hotel room and said the story for being late in short span to our friends.
I went to another room to wake up our girls, so as to get shifted to another hotel and usually they were confused by our course of action at that late night of 1:30am.
Rev, Uday, Manasvi, Bhavya and I went to the Vivekananda hotel and we were much feared when we got out as there were no one on the roads and some were with booze parties around.
“Excuse me.....May we have the rooms please?” Rev asked.
“Yes....Who will stay in these rooms?” Receptionist asked.
“These two girls will stay” 
“Girls.......we shall not give our rooms to girls” He said.
“We have our identity cars with us”
“May be ...but we can’t give to you”
“You said the rooms were available and you asked to get our luggage to be in the rooms.....” I said.
“Yes...but we shall not give rooms to girls” He said again and we had confirmed that the hotel broker, who had made us roam whole night had phoned him to not to give rooms to us.
We were just shocked at that time and led our way on to the road with luggage in our hands......
We were very frightened as the people involved in booze parties around were commenting us and the roads were desert at that time.
“Rev...What shall we do now?” I asked.
“In confusion dude.......”
“It’s not safe for us to be on this road for long time .......so we have to take the decision instantaneously.....”
“Ya......correct.......what do you say then?”
I was just perplexed at that point of time as we were with girls and luggage on the road.........so I thought the decision should be taken without infinitesimal delay.....We were in a state of Hobson’s choice……
“Rev.....Let us take a taxi and go to the place where we can find good hotels for them.......as it is late in the night it’s indeed required for us to do so.....”
“Ya...sure..... we shall go to CST which is the only good place known to us........”
“Ya dude...and it’s also not the time to think about the finance dude......”
“Ya...correct”
We just wanted that night to be passed, with the only intention that there should be no trouble to our girls and we did not think of any other at that moment......
“Where can we get taxi?” I asked Rev.
“Dude......Is that a taxi over there?”
“Yes dude..... It is a taxi.....Oh....God has shown a way to cross our trouble dude”
“Yes.....but what demand he puts before us to go to CST?”
“Anything around 200 bucks ....i think so.....and it’s not in our hands to go back with fare as that is the only option left with us”
We all went to the taxi and the driver was sleeping......
“Excuse me....Can you come to CST?”Rev asked.
“Now..!!!?”
“Ya...it’s now”
“Ya ...i shall come but it costs you 400 bucks as this is late night”
“400!!! Make it 300........we are students and can’t pay that much.....”
“No sir....I can’t make sooo”.
“Please ....make it 300...it’s very urgent for us to go”
“Make it 350 sir.....we shall go....”
“Okay......let’s go”
“Please take us to one of the good hotels near CST....” I said to driver.
“What price you are going to make out?” The driver asked.
“We just need the hotel to stay in nights.......and we were vexed with the hotel at Dadar...they were simply of Bombay mood........”
“Hahaha......Why did you board there?” He laughed and said.
“We don’t know before, about all that ....so made a mistake unknowingly.......but now take us to a good hotel, whatever may be the tariff and we are students so you decide an economical hotel for us.....”
“Okay sir...I shall take you to good hotel....”
“Ya...thank you .....”
We were taken to a hotel and we our car stopped before the hotel named Ripon Palace......
“Excuse me....We want a room” I asked the receptionist.
“Yes sure sir.....But there is only one AC room available with us which can accommodate only two”
“Oh...okay.....Can you specify the tariff for the room?”
“Ya sure sir......the tariff stands as Rs.2200 per day and check out time is 10:00am.....”
“Oh...10:00 Am.!!!!.....now its 2:30am......Can you please book the room for today for half tariff?”
“No sorry sir...We can’t book like that”
“Okay.....Book the room for the tariff you said....”
“Okay sir.....may I have the details of the members who will stay in hotel....”
“Ya sure..Here it is the identity cards.....” I said and handed over the cards to him.
“Where you are going to stay sir...?” He asked me.
I said the whole story of us and the need to come to their hotel that night after having booked a hotel at Dadar.
“How can we reach to Dadar from here?” I asked.
“You can catch a local from Central station Mumbai to Dadar but the locals will start from 5:30am....”
“5:30am....oh my God.....”
“Sir you can sit in the sofas available in the balcony of the 1st floor” Receptionist said to us after seeing our situation and he might showed pity on us.....
“Manasvi......we shall sit outside and we shall leave to Dadar to meet other guys over there and we shall pack up our luggage and come to a dormitory nearby this hotel.......” i said.
“Ya....it’s okay.....Why to sit outside?....you can sit in our room” She said.
“Of course..but it will not be good, as we had booked the room for two and not more than that.....”
“Okay....”
“You lock the room safely from inside and never open it for strangers.....Is that fine?”
“Ya.....okay...we shall do the same” She said.
“Ya..Okay bye....good night and sorry for disturbing you this night”
“No problem....good night...” she said.
We left the room and sat in the chairs available for us for some time.
Later we decided to leave to the station as it was 3:00am and decided to sit in the station waiting for local to start.
After going to the Central Mumbai station the security did not allow us to enter the station because as per the security measures they would allow after 5:00am....
“Oh...my God...what’s this trouble for us this day......Rev....What we shall do now?” I asked.
“That’s all our fate dude......we shall sit on the footpath” he said.
“Ya...we shall sit” And we three sat on the footpath with terrible cold at high intensity which made us to shiver like a pendulum when effected with resonance.....!!!!
“Dude.....can you handle this cold???”  Uday asked me.
“No .....I have allergy with the cold and can’t even resist it...”
The added trouble for us was that we were on night clothes as we started our journey in the late nights......
“Rev....It’s terrible for me to hold this cold.......Can we go and have a cup of tea to regain the hotness?”
“Ya sure dude....me too thinking of the same....”
I got angry on God......its okay to get angry with God, He can take it........
We went to a tea stall who said that he had coffee with him and we ordered three coffees for us.
We drank the coffee and my body had got some resistance to tackle the cold....
After we drank coffee, we again sat on the same pavement..........
Although we drank the hot drink, the shivering was not all stopped, as we never experienced the weather of 4:00am in Mumbai.
As I began to shiver I reminded my days on the hills of North India.....The Himalaya.....I went on a tour to North India with my clan.......more specifically on to the Himalayas for the famous char-dham yatra which comprises of four divine places for Hindus......Yamunothri....Gangothri....Kedarnath (the jyothirlingh).....Badrinath......

Out of the four divine places, I enjoyed my trekking to Kedarnath which was situated 14000 feet above the sea level and we need to reach there, either on foot or on the horses and the ghat was 14kms odd.....
Firstly while climbing up I went on a horse which was an awesome ride......as I reached 14000 feet ,I felt that I was on equal with the clouds and felt that I was in the clouds with that type of moisture and snow fall......
Later had the darshan of Kedarnath and I returned back to the sea level on foot.......while I was coming I enjoyed the beautiful scenery of Himalayas.......the scene was awesome with hill on one side and valley on other side in which The Ganges was flowing and the road bisected the hill and the valley.
Most of them say that this is the ‘once for the life time’ trip and after knowing the difficulties of the trip on Himalayas, no one dares to go again.....But after enjoying the beauty of Himalayas I made a decision to go again to Kedarnath to have a darshan of jyothirlingh and also to enjoy the nature of Himalayas with my better half.........
The shivering at the central station reminded me of my trip to Himalayas which is analogous on point with shivering......!!!!!!
Later at 5:00am we were allowed to enter into the station and we had caught a local to Dadar....
On reaching Dadar we straight away went to our hotel and packed up the luggage and we all went to CST to live in a dormitory near our gals hotel.
That night one of the memorable nights I ever had on the roads of Mumbai.......!!!!!
On the next day, we went on a trip to see the city in a tourist bus for which we had gone late to the bus.....the guide of the bus scolded us to the maximum extent he can.......
Later when we reached Gate way of India, our guys started to scold him........that was the moment at which I had heard the most number of ‘F’ words I ever heard......and it’s very diffident to note that one of our gals want to take the video of that situation.....!!!!!!!!!!!
A compromise was brought in between the guide and us by a telugu guide who was present at the Gate way of India.....
At the end of the day we went to the beach and enjoyed ourselves to the maximum extent possible.....
Some of our guys had taken our gals to their hotel and the rest were gone to our dormitory.....
The people who went along with them to the hotel had said a single point after reaching us that they would feel happy to sleep on the steps of that hotel and not even in the rooms, if the hotel was booked for them........
By this point they want all to note about the hospitality and also the luxury of the hotel........
On the next day we had visited the Elephanta caves which was missed earlier.......on reaching the shore from Elephanta island we decided to have a cup of tea in the iconic hotel Taj....but we were not allowed inside as we did not take the appointment priory......
After getting disappointed with Taj we moved to Oberoi Trident but at that hotel too our wish did not get realistic.........
On being disappointed with these hotels we moved to our hotel and dormitory to take rest as the next day’s plan according to itinerary was to leave for Lonavala and Kandala hill stations.....
As we were in the Bombay for three days…..we had made our girls to stay in the same hotel which had made an invoice of 6600bucks for three days……but we were short of money as we did not expect this…..I had made to use my debit card for the required invoice……
On the next day according to our plan, we reached Kandala and Lonavala hill stations, which was one of the beautiful places I ever watched and we enjoyed very much....
We were halted at a lake near these hill stations, where we had spent much time rejoicing ourselves with the water and later took a risk of trekking a hill........and we successfully climbed the hill and got down safely......even our girls too climbed up safely which was a much significant point to be noted............. !!!!!!!
From Kandala we reached Pune, halted there in a friend’s house and on the next day night we boarded on to the train to Hyderabad and reached safely to Warangal from Hyderabad............
That was one of the most enjoyed trips I ever had and I would be ever grateful to all my mates for such a wonderful memory.........
After some days our 3th semester results were out and by the grace of God my position remained unchanged........!!!
Later I completed my B.tech successfully with a good percentage at the end and made my way to complete M.S in one of the prominent universities of USA.........
After completing my MS I further pursued my PhD in the same institute and returned to India after getting my PhD degree to add a title ‘Dr’ before my name...........
On reaching India, I stayed in my home town for a week and decided to go to Delhi to take coaching for the civils........
I appeared in the aptitude test and got qualified for mains and then to interview..........
I was selected for the civils......and after vigorous training for a period of six months I was posted in my home town Warangal........
As I dreamt before, I had become an administrative officer and the same way as I dreamt, I was brought into an allegation...............
Its accidental or incidental, I was not sure but it was that gal with the name Akshara, who had saved me from the forgery case, as I dreamt in my dream.........
Later the relationship between us was also the same way as I dreamt and she had come to have dinner with an IAS........
At the end of her meal when I offered her butterscotch she said “When it comes to butterscotch, resistance is futile......”
I was bewildered to hear those words from her, as I said those words to her while she was in my dream.....
“Excuse me Krishhh......Why are you looking so shocked?”
“No no Akshara.........just thinking of other thing”
“Yes Krishhh....You are a district magistrate you have so many other things to bother .......”
“Ya...Ya ...absolutely......”
“Okay...Krishhh....I shall leave now and meet you some other time ......Bye......”
“Ya....Bye Akshara.....”
She had come like an angel to rescue me in the case........
As the days passed she had become a very family member of our family and she very often visited my house.......
As the days passed the relationship between this IAS and Akshara got stronger.........
As the job of mine was quite busy, I could not find time to meet her.......but she seldom visited my bureau..........
Being an administrator, I never used the government vehicle for personal life........so when we go out on a bike Akshara used to be in the driver seat and when in car I would be in the driver seat.......
On a fine day, I applied leave to my office as we cannot go on a French leave .......Akshara and I went out for a drive in my own Audi A7 in the heavy down pour.........as we were in the middle of the drive, our car had got spoiled.
It’s arduous for us to come out of the car due to heavy down pour…..
“What we would do?” I asked her.
“Can we try to repair it…..”
“If we go out we should compulsorily get into the rain and we should become wet………”
“Of course ….it will be very good and awesome if we get into the rain…..didn’t you ever try?”
“No…..that will make me suffer from cold if I do so….”
“Oh…..then it’s must that we should go out for the first time experience……” She said and opened the door and got out.
“Hey…Akshara…what are you doing…….it will make you suffer from unnecessary health problems” I shouted.
“No…no….I shall not listen to anyone now….” She said and came to my door and gestured me to open the door and pulled me out of the car into the rain….
“Akshara….this is very bad….”
“Krishhh….don’t always be too decent yar, even if you are a strict bureaucrat…..”
“Of course but ……”
“No but nothing….just enjoy the down pour of nature this evening……”
“Okay……Let me check the engine….”
“An IAS checking his engine of his car…..I pity you Krishhh…..”
“Before IAS I am an engineer …..Mind that yar”
“Ohh….Is it so? Great……!!!”
“Ya….But this engineer is not a mechanical to fix this car…..”
“Oh…then what we gonna do this evening….?”
“Thinking of that itself………If I gonna make a call to my office then the car would immediately arrive to pick us but it would become a mess in the media about this ……”
“Yes …that’s true…..I shall make a call to my friend to pick us”
“Ya..This would be better…”
She had made a call to her friend …..We returned home, leaving my beloved car alone in the downside which I never did……
As the days passed, she had become one of the members of my family getting close with them………
On a fine day when I was in my office….she suddenly called me for an appointment…….as generally no one will be allowed into the office without permission…….
“Hello Krishhh…..I am Akshara…”
“Ya….no need of introduction Akshara”
“Oh..Fine….Are you busy right now?”
“Not so busy….What’s the matter?”
“Want to meet you now…….so I requires an appointment….”
“Ya….sure…”
Half an hour later she arrived to my bureau…
“Excuse me…..May I come in…..”
“Yes Akshara please….”
“Is that appointment required for me too?”
“Of course…..its required for anyone Akshara….that is the decorum of the bureau…..even I can’t change that…..”
“Oh…it’s okay…..”
“Ya….What made you come to the office?”
“Want to talk you in the evening Krishhh…..”
“Yes…that’s okay….we shall meet in my residence….”
“Not in residence……in a hotel preferably…..”
“Akshara…..I can’t come to hotel because of some security reasons…..You can come to my home …..I promise for the privacy…..”
“Oh…its okay…..I shall come”
“Ya…..I have a conference right now…I have to leave for that Akshara…..sorry……”
“Ya sure….don’t need your sorry dear collector…!”
“Okay …fine….thank you…meet you in the evening...bye…”
“Bye Krishhh…..”
I attended my conference with the delegates of USA who came to visit the city on a project……
After reaching home, I told my grandpa that Akshara would come to our house…….
Few minutes later my phone rang ……
“Hello…Akshara…..Where are you?”
“Hello Krishhh….Ya, I am at the gate of collector’s residence……”
“At gate….!!!! Why are you there? Can’t you come in?”
“No Krishhh….this security man is stopping me from entering into the house….I think he is newly appointed here……”
“Oh..Is it so?.Please hold the call….I shall make a call to the security centre…..”
I had called to the security centre to make her allow inside……
“Good evening Akshara….” My grandpa wished her.
“Good evening grandpa...” She said.
“Krishhh is in his room…..”
“Okay…..thank you..”
“Excuse me Krishhh….may I come in….”
“Ya Akshara…..with pleasure….That permissions only required in office and I don’t the same at home….”
“Oh…good …..at least you have made us free at home…..thank you God for making him to do so….”
“Oh….Am I that strict?”
“Hey no Krishhh….I was just kidding.”
“Oh..Fine…..You said that you wanna talk something…..right?”
“Ya Krishhh…..”
“Tell me what you wanna tell….”
“Krishhh…..I love you!!!!!”
“What…!!! Love!!! Me!!! ……But actually I don’t believe in that four letter word…..”
“What???!!!!.......”
“Yes….I doesn’t believe in that word and I don’t like to use that word…..”
“Oh...Is it so??!!……okay…..sorry if I had hurt you Krishhh”
“No Akshara….never……”
“Oh…..Thank God……”
“I said never…..not God na??....”
“Oh…..thank you Krishhh…..Is that okay?”
“Ya ..Good gal…”
“Is that my face not so interesting?” She asked.
“Hey....not like that Akshara.....I think the image is only the electrical signal passed by the brain” 
The most important sex organ is brain.....
“Ohh....okay.”
“What you gonna take tea….coffee…milk….cool drink….butter scotch???”
“Krishhh…your menu is quite big today…..”
“Ya….”
“Just had horlicks before coming here….so we shall have butter scotch after some time…”
“Ya...”
“Can I post my doubt before you which I had in my mind..”
“Ya…sure….”
“What type of nuptials you gonna make it out?”
“Indisputably arranged …..!!!”
“Is this the reason, why you don’t like that four letter word?”
“No…..not in particular with the reason…”
“Okay….”
“Arranged in the sense with the approval of well wishers on either sides….”
“Oh…okay….”
“Did you ever have a girl…...?”
“No….”
“Okay….” 
I observed moisture on her face while asking afore question…….
“You like a girl and if her parents doesn’t accept for your request……What do you then?”
“Akshara…..Are you talking with me or taking an interview of me with a hidden camera somewhere?!!!!”
“Hey no….just casual talks…..”
“I never believe you journalists who keep hidden cameras around!!!”
“Now….I am not in my duty…..never mind”
“Okay….thanks for that apprise”
“Ya…..answer to my question?”
“Ya...About that….I shall request with all my dedication…….that’s what I can make it out and not in any other way….”
“Oh..Good…”
“Ya…Can we have our butterscotch now?”
“Ya…sure…that’s indeed required as the discussion is very hot….”
“Ya…a bit sooo….”
“Thank Krishhh for the ice cream…..”
“Any time Akshara…….”
“Even if you are an IAS I show no reverence on you…..I ever feel about this…”
“Hey…that’s indeed not required Akshara….just be as jovial as you are now…I shall be happy with this”
“Ya  ...Sure...”
After having the butterscotch she said “I should leave now, Krishhh, it’s getting late …..”
“Ya……”
As she was about to leave my room I said “Akshara……a small request….”
“Ya…Krishhh….What’s that?” She said and closed the door and returned to me.
“Can I have this Akshara as my better half???”
“…………………………………………………………”

I think, my gifted readers can fill that blank of conversation……..



Hope is good thing may be the best of all and good thing never dies..............So I hope you enjoyed the book..........
####

Few words……
Guys……..never go around girls, instead go around your professors and your subject, which will indeed fetch you, what you genuinely require………
Most of them think that the former is arduous to do……but once you have profoundly worked on the latter ……the former will look, as if you are searching for a wet sand particle near sea shore………
Afore mentioned also does hold to girls and please make necessary gender changes…….!!!
Don’t compare your life to others, you have no idea what their journey is all about....
Over prepare and then go with the flow.......

THANK YOU………


About the Author
Gopi is debut author with this book pursuing his  3rd year B.Tech ……and very enthusiastic about this book.


Connect with me online:
Twitter : http://twitter.com/#!/gopi_anMITaspir
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1439545764
Smashwords : http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/krishhh

