The Guardians of Rhea
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2010 Jose Rodriguez Jr

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

~~~~

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

~~~~
CHAPTER ONE

In the hands of expert warriors, two wooden staffs cracked properly can make a sound like distant thunder. When Sara and Arthur fought, it sounded like a bad storm. Each circled the other in a grassy arena surrounded by pillars, throwing torrents of strikes that would have stung if they had found their mark.
Arthur feinted, catching Sara off-guard and making her pay with a whack to the back of her leg.
Grunting in pain, Sara dropped to one knee but quickly regained her composure.
Arthur held his staff in front of him, “This isn’t a game, Sara.” His gray hair and short, white beard told his age, but he was no slouch. He stood ready to attack or defend.
Sweat glistened on Sara’s peach skin as she circled around. Her raven hair didn’t get in the way much as it was straight and only went down to her neck.
“How do you expect to defeat the Rheans when you fight like that?” Arthur asked.
Both were in athletic condition and wore a similar form-fitting uniform, basically a gray shirt, pants, and a sash. Their boots, as well as some small, lightweight padding on their arms and legs, were a darker shade. From the amount of dirt on them, they obviously had been dueling for quite a while.
“I thought this was practice. I don’t want to hit you too hard,” Sara said.
“What’s the matter? Afraid you’ll anger me?” Arthur asked.
“No, it’s your old bones I’m worried about,” Sara replied.
Arthur chuckled, twirling his staff in circles around his body, “If you think you can handle this, then come get it.”
Sara lunged forward and swung.
Arthur ducked just in time to hear and feel the whooshing sound over his head, and barely had enough time to counter the next attack that smashed against his staff. He scrambled for some distance, but even in his great condition, he couldn't dodge like Sara. The only things he could count on were experience and muscle memory.
Sara knew that and it made her press on with everything she had, forcing Arthur back, deflecting anything he could throw at her.
Defending as best he could, Arthur slowly retreated from the arena and around several pillars.
Sara could tell he was getting desperate. With a quick strafing maneuver, she swung low and swept him off his feet.
Landing hard on his back, Arthur looked up in astonishment and let out a long groan, “I’m either getting too old or I’ve taught you too well.”
Sara held out her hand to help her teacher up, “Maybe it’s both?”
Arthur painfully straightened his back out and dusted himself off, “You’re a better fighter than most, Sara. I’ve often worried about letting you go too early, but I think you might be ready for your first assignment.”
“When, today?” Sara asked.
“Right after you’re knighted by the Consular,” Arthur responded, “Let’s get cleaned up.”
Sara and Arthur stepped out of the garden and onto the streets of the city. It was crowded, but not to the point where they had to shove their way through. Several people greeted Sara as she passed by, especially the men.
“Where are we going?” Sara asked.
“I have to pick up Old Trusty,” Arthur said.
As they waited for several horse-drawn carriages to pass, Arthur asked, “What did you have in mind for your first assignment?”
“What do you mean?” Sara responded curiously.
“I know there is an assignment you want more than the others. Every Guardian has one. Which one do you want?” Arthur asked, continuing down the street.
“I thought that was up to the Marshal,” Sara said.
Arthur shook his head, “Don’t make me spell it out. The last thing I or any Marshal wants is to give you a first assignment you’re not comfortable with. So, speak up.”
The thought of being able to pick her first assignment got Sara so excited that she accidentally bumped into someone, “Oh, sorry,” she said, then looking to Arthur, “Um, actually I had been hoping to be assigned here in New Haven, just to start out…”
“Don’t get carried away,” Arthur explained, “It’s a courtesy – not a promise. Your assignment can be changed at any time and for any reason. Understand?”
“Yeah,” Sara said, worried that she may have asked for too much.
“Don't worry, though,” Arthur said, “Hardly anyone is moved these days, but if for some reason a situation arises you can expect to be reassigned every few days.”
“Arthur!” A blacksmith called, “It's done!”
Arthur walked over and shook hands.
“Here you go,” the blacksmith said, handing over the equinox, “All done!”
Arthur took the elaborately etched two-foot-long wooden staff and pressed a hidden button to extend its two-foot-long, razor-sharp, double-edged blades from both sides.
“Nice!” Sara said, “Can I get a custom equinox?”
“If you can afford it,” Arthur grinned.
They walked for a few moments, heading back to the Guardians' headquarters, the Citadel, minding the people and the animals until Sara spoke, “Arthur, I know you’re only allowed one student your first year as a Preceptor, but I know I’m not the only Guardian-in-training. So, am I going to graduate by myself?”
“It looks that way. There are others, but they’re not ready yet,” Arthur answered, “I think you learned fast because you’ve been my only student. Next year I get a full class.”
“Still, I feel a little weird being by myself,” Sara said, “Can’t I just wait and graduate with the others?”
“Normally, you would, but because we’re a little short on recruits we have to put you in the field as soon as you’re ready,” Arthur said, “Be thankful for that! When I joined, they threw us into the field because of all the fighting, and my assignment was once changed twice in one day.”
As they continued Sara tried to keep quiet until her curiosity began to stir, “I’ve always wanted to ask you something.”
“Go ahead,” Arthur said.
“I heard you once encountered a Vesuvian,” Sara continued, “What was it like?”
Arthur’s pace slowed, “When I joined the Guardians, I was about your age. At that time, the fighting was winding down. Like most new Guardians, I thought the inhabitants of this land were evil incarnate and it was my duty to stand against them. On my first day, I was assigned to a wealthy nobleman and his family needing an escort along the road between here and Genoa. Halfway through our journey, a Vesuvian came from out of nowhere…” Arthur stopped as he was suddenly hit with bad feelings and memories of that day.
“What happened?” Sara anxiously asked.
Arthur explained, “He did exactly the things you’ve read about, heard about. You think you’re prepared but when you’re face-to-face with it…It’s completely different. After knocking us around, slicing the nobleman’s head off, and tearing my partner’s heart out, he came right at me. I was already on the ground with my equinox inches from my hand.”
Arthur rubbed his hand against his forehead in wonder, “I just grabbed Old Trusty and swung it around into his heart, and right before my eyes, he burst into embers. Hell of a sight I tell you. Never forget your training, what you’ve learned. That’s the best advice I can give you.”
“It’s hard to imagine you scared,” Sara said, “What about a Fenrir? Seen any of those?”
Arthur shook his head, “No, but I hear they’re worse than Vesuvians.”
“How?” Sara asked “From what I’ve learned, it seems like they’re a lot easier to kill. With a Vesuvian, you never really know what you’re up against until the last second. You’re not being very encouraging.”
“Which is easier to kill is a matter of opinion,” Arthur said, “As for not being encouraging, I won’t make it sound as if you can fight these creatures with both hands tied behind your back, or even one. But, just to give you some assurance, they’re not impossible to beat, either. As long as you keep your wits about, you shouldn’t have much difficulty dealing with the Rheans.”
“I guess I have to wait till I run into one,” Sara said, “Arthur, a minute ago you said you thought the Rheans were evil. Do you really think that?”
Arthur thought for a moment, “If you ask me now, I think I would have to say they were here first.”
CHAPTER TWO

Arthur examined his equinox as he and Sara walked towards the Citadel, “Are you nervous?” he asked.
“Nervous? No,” Sara answered, “Just anxious to get this over with. I can’t believe this is happening.”
Arthur laughed, “Me neither!”
“Hey!” Sara said nudging him with her elbow.
“Sorry, but I can remember your first day of training as if it were yesterday,” Arthur said, “You were so bold and confident when you first stepped foot in that Citadel. By the end of the day, you were bleeding and could barely walk.”
“You have to give me a little credit,” Sara said, “I was half-decent considering I was just a beginner and you had what…twenty years of experience. Correct me if I’m wrong, but I do believe that sparring on your first day of training is not required.”
Arthur shrugged, “What can I say? I had to do something about that attitude of yours. Within a few days, you changed from an arrogant bull to a scared girl. And I must admit I would have bet good money that you would quit. Then one day it was as if something inside of you snapped. You were just different. You had a lot more respect for the rules, your peers, and your teacher.”
“I’ve always respected you!” Sara said though she knew Arthur knew otherwise, and his wide-eyed look confirmed it, “Okay, maybe I didn’t at first, but I do now.”
Arthur slightly arched backward, holding his sides, “If that were true, you wouldn’t have been so rough with me this morning.”
“Hey, you told me…” Sara started saying.
Arthur waved his hand, “I’m just pulling your leg.”
A little boy suddenly ran up by Sara’s side, “Hey, are you a Guardian? You have to be! When I grow up I want to be a Guardian, too!”
Sara stopped and smiled thinly at the boy, “What makes you think I’m a Guardian?”
“Well, you’re here, and you’re talking to Arthur,” the boy said, “Hey, Arthur!”
“Hello, Robert,” Arthur said.
Robert looked shyly at Sara, “Can I ask you something?”
Confident she could answer any question, Sara said, “Sure.”
“What’s the difference between a Rhean and a Vesuvian?”
The answer was so easy Sara didn’t have to think about it, “Vesuvians are one of several races that live here in Rhea. When we speak of two or more of those races we call them Rheans.”
Embarrassed, Robert blushed and chuckled with his teeth clenched, “Oh…so they’re the same. Vesuvians, Fenrir, Khothu…they’re all Rheans.”
“Don’t forget the Hegirans,” Arthur added.
“Shouldn’t you be in school?” Sara asked.
“This is our field trip!” Robert said excitedly.
“You shouldn’t stray from your classmates,” Sara said, “You might get lost or worse. Hurry up and go find them.”
“I’m not worried. I’m surrounded by Guardians,” Robert said. He darted off towards a group of kids playing around.
Arthur shook his head, “Sara, let me give you another good piece of advice. Don’t take being a Guardian so seriously. Lighten up a little.”
“What do you mean by that?” Sara asked.
Arthur explained, “Being a Guardian isn't exactly a way of life, and at best we’re just a paramilitary organization, not some secret society.”
“Don't you think it’s necessary to protect what few secrets we have,” Sara asked, “I’ve studied our texts on the Rheans. We know very little of their abilities and fighting tactics, and even less of their culture or society.”
Arthur sighed, “Even so, we can’t close our doors to our own people. Granted, we have secrets, but our people need to see us and know that we’re here for them. If they can’t see that, we’ll begin to look like the Rheans.”
A glance at all of the people who had come to visit the Guardians told Sara that Arthur was right, “I guess I can’t argue with that,” she said, “Still, I’m worried about our security. Anyone of these people could be a spy or worse, they could be tortured to tell what they know. I mean…a field trip inside the Citadel.”
“I think you worry too much,” Arthur said.
Sara and Arthur reached the front, wide-open doors of the Citadel and continued inside.
“Then let me ask you this,” Sara began.
“I’m already trembling,” Arthur snickered.
Sara asked, “Have we ever tried to have an open dialog or some kind of treaty with the Rheans?”
Arthur thought for several seconds, “You know what? Your sister was given that assignment! There have been a few exchanges here and there, but nothing significant.”
“And why is that?” Sara asked.
“I don't know,” Arthur replied, “What’s your point?”
“We should try to learn as much as we can about them. Know your enemy, right?” Sara said as she and Arthur stopped at one of the dormitory halls.
“Get dressed, “Arthur said, continuing down the hall.
Sara entered her dorm room. After bathing and dressing up in a clean uniform, she stepped back into the hall.
Arthur was several doors down heading toward her, “Ready?” he asked.
“Yes,” Sara answered.
“There’s one thing you should know before we move on,” Arthur said, “The Consular won’t be able to make it, so an Elite will knight you.”
Sara’s mouth and shoulders dropped like anchors.
“I’m sorry, but that’s the way it has to be,” Arthur said.
Sara’s head and arms reeled back, “No! It’s bad enough I don’t get a ceremony, and now I have to be knighted by an Elite.”
Arthur grabbed Sara by the shoulder, “What are you saying? You are getting a ceremony, and an Elite replaces the Consular if anything ever happens to him.”
Sara could no longer hold her head up, “I thought the reason I was graduating alone was that I did so well.”
“You have done well, very well,” Arthur assured her, “I’ve taught you everything I know and you’ve passed all the tests.”
Sara didn’t feel any better. Her ceremony seemed to be getting cheaper by the minute.
Arthur rubbed her back, “Sara, don’t worry, okay. Trust me. Just because you’re being knighted differently doesn’t make you any less of a Guardian.”
Sara grunted in anger.
“Alright?” Arthur asked, lightly pushing Sara on the shoulders.
“Alright,” Sara mumbled.
They left the hall through a stairwell and entered a much bigger hall. Two Guardians escorted them to a large set of double doors decorated with ebony and ivory trim.
Guardians called the next room the Chamber of Ascension.
Standing before Sara halfway through the room was an Elite, Thomas.
Elites were Guardians who only took orders from the Consular. Sara slowly approached Thomas and knelt before him. She could feel her heart pounding.
Arthur and the escorts stood to the side and watched.
Thomas pulled an odd-looking weapon, a halo, from his holster. It was similar to a chakram. This one was a foot in diameter. Most of the ring was sectioned off with razor-sharp blades. Only three sections between the blades were safe to hold. If an untrained person tried using this weapon, he would most likely end up hurting himself rather than his opponent.
Holding the halo above Sara’s head, Thomas spoke, “You’ve trained long and hard to reach this point. The road ahead is filled with great danger. But with your knowledge and your skills, you can overcome them. Always remember that you are never alone. From here on, you are now part of a special order. Rise, and go forth as a Guardian Ranger.”
Sara stood, maintaining a stoic look as she watched Thomas turn and leave through a door at the back of the room.
Arthur approached behind her, “Now before you start complaining, that’s about as long as the regular ceremony. We like to keep it short and sweet.”
Sara stood motionless, now almost in shock, but managed to crack a smile, “That’s it?”
“Be proud, Sara,” Arthur said, “Not everyone makes it this far.”
Sara wished it were that easy. She had gone through hundreds of painful sparring sessions and long hours of studying to become a Guardian. There was a sense of accomplishment, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that it was just…cheap.
Arthur flicked his finger close to her ear to snap her back to reality, “We’ll see the Marshal today. He’ll give you your very first assignment. You have some time, so you can go ahead and tell all your friends.”
Sara looked at Arthur in disbelief, “Tell them what? That I graduated by myself in a ceremony that lasted ten seconds?”
Arthur shook his head, “You’re not the only person who’s ever graduated alone. Granted, there are very few who do, but I told you, being knighted differently makes you no less a Guardian.”
Sara let out a long sigh, “I guess so.”
CHAPTER THREE

New Haven had many spots where people liked to hang out. For Sara and her friends, Juli and Marian, it was a particular spot, a clearing, partially surrounded by trees.
Juli, a fair woman with fire-red hair, spun into the clearing, “I can’t believe William asked me to the ball.”
Marian teased, “Of course he did! There was no one else left for him to ask.” She and Sara laughed.
Juli pouted, “Don’t be so mean, Marian. Besides, it’s not true. He just had to make sure I wasn’t already going with someone.”
“I know, I know,” Marian snickered, “All the girls he asked already had someone to go with.”
Juli clenched her teeth, “Marian!” she grunted and quickly took off, trying to catch her antagonist.
“Careful!” Sara hollered as she watched her friends dart past the large rocks.
It didn’t take long for Juli to tackle Marian to the ground.
Marian tried to wrestle back but was laughing too hard, “Ow! You’re always playing so rough.”
“Say sorry,” Juli said, holding Marian’s arms down.
“Ok, sorry,” Marian said with a laugh.
Juli let go, but not before throwing a handful of grass at Marian.
Sara helped Marian back to her feet, “Don’t be upset, Juli. At least the both of you have someone to go with. Nobody’s asked me.”
“No one has to ask you. You’re a Guardian, you have to go, “Juli said.
Sara shrugged, “Just because the Guardians are hosting it doesn’t mean I have to go.”
“But you are going, right?” said Marian, “You have to go. It won’t be fun unless we’re all there.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll be there,” Sara assured.
Juli sat on one of the rocks. Marian leaned against another and Sara stood staring off into the distance past the cliff nearby. The view was incredible. They could see all of the docks along the shore. Dozens of large boats were coming and going.
Juli looked up and sighed, “Sky’s starting to clear up. At least the weather here is just like back home. I can’t wait for winter to come.”
“I hate the cold,” Marian said, disgusted.
“Sara, why don’t you ask someone?” Juli asked.
“The boy is supposed to ask,” Sara responded.
Marian looked sharply at Sara, “You know, there is one Guardian all of the girl's dream of going to the ball with.”
Sara had a curious look on her face, “Really? I haven’t had any dreams like that.”
“Sure you haven’t,” Juli said with a spark of sarcasm.
Marian playfully punched Sara on the arm, “Don’t pretend like you don’t know who I’m talking about.”
Sara put her hand on her chin, acting as if she were trying to think of who her friends could possibly be speaking of.
Juli rolled her eyes, “Please, Sara. He’s only the strongest, bravest, and most gorgeous Guardian to ever grace the earth.”
A devilish smile crossed Sara’s face, “Arthur may be strong and brave, but I definitely wouldn’t say he’s gorgeous.”
“Your teacher,” Juli said baffled, “Eww!”
“You know you want Richard just as much as any of us!” Marian said, lightly pushing Sara.
“Oh, Richard,” Sara said, “I thought he was already spoken for.”
Juli pouted her lips in disgust, “It would be a crime if ever that man didn’t have a girlfriend.”
Sara shrugged, “Why should I care about someone I can’t have?”
“What Juli meant by ‘girlfriend’ was friends that are girls,” Marian explained, “They don’t mean anything to him.”
“How would you know?” Sara asked.
Marian suddenly became coy, “I’ve talked to Richard, too.”
Sara, still smiling, folded her arms across her chest, “Oh, really. And what did he say to the likes of you?”
“You’d like to know, wouldn’t you?” Marian said.
Sara leaned against a huge boulder “You make it sound like I want to marry him.”
“And what if he asked you to?” Marian asked.
Sara was somewhat shocked by the question, “Of course not! I don’t know him that well.”
Juli hopped off the rock, landing between Marian and Sara, “I saw you talking to him the other day, and you expect us to believe you don’t know anything.”
“I said I didn’t know him that well,” Sara repeated.
Marian grabbed Sara by the wrists and pulled, “Sara, I’ve seen the way he looks at you when you talk. Don’t tell me you don’t see it.”
Frustrated, Sara pulled away, “I didn’t come here to find a husband! I came here to join the Guardians and be a Ranger like my sister. Ever since I was a child, I’ve always wanted to be like her. When I was young, she would tell me stories…”
“Cameron got married, didn’t she?” Marian asked.
“She did, to another Guardian,” Sara said, “Look at her now. She’s back in Gaia with her kids. I’m not ready to become a wife and mother. I would die if I just stayed at home doing nothing.”
Juli placed her hand against Sara’s forehead, “The good news is that you’re not sick. Bad news is that you’re crazy. How could you not want a man like Richard to care for you as you lie in the sun?”
“Easy. I don’t think about it,” Sara said, looking up.
Marian and Juli stared at their friend like a lost cause.
“It’s not like I’ll be single forever. I’m still young.” Sara said. “You know, have fun.”
Marian’s eyes shot wide open, “Being a Guardian is your idea of fun?”
It was right then that Sara seemed as if she weren’t too sure of herself, “Maybe it’s the danger or something. I don’t know.”
“I’ve heard some of the stories,” Juli said, “If I ever saw one of those monsters, I think I would die screaming.”
Marian held Sara by the arm, “Sara, we know that you trained very hard to be a Guardian, and no one doubts you. But I’ve heard some of the stories, too. What if another war breaks out? They say that some assignments are just plain suicidal.”
Sara responded rather like a Guardian recruiter giving a pitch might, “That’s not true. Guardians are trained to easily handle any situation. We are also highly trained to fight and overcome any adversary.”
“Real funny, Sara,” Marian said, “Have you ever even seen a Vesuvian, or Fenrir, or whatever they’re called?”
“Don’t worry!” Sara said, “Believe me when I say that I know enough about them. If the Guardians didn’t think I was ready, they wouldn’t be giving me my first assignment tonight.”
“Tonight!” Juli said.
“What about the ceremony and all that stuff?” Marian asked.
Sara gave a small shrug. If she weren’t so ashamed of it, she might not have exaggerated the truth, “They usually have a big ceremony. My teacher said I did very well…so I guess that’s why I graduated alone.”
“Still, you could have told us you were graduating,” Juli said.
“Hey, it was a private ceremony for some reason,” Sara answered, “Believe me, I didn’t like it, and I would have felt horrible telling you guys you couldn’t go!”
The worried look on Juli and Marian’s faces was clear.
“What’s going to happen? Where will they send you?” Juli asked.
“I don’t know, but the Marshal will give me my assignment in a few hours,” Sara answered.
Marian appeared as if she were going to cry, “You’re joking, aren’t you?”
Sara shook her head, “Don’t get mushy. It’s not like we’re never going to see each other again. Hopefully, I’ll stay here in New Haven, but if not, I promise to try and stay in touch.”
Marian and Juli wrapped their arms around Sara for a group hug and began to cry, which made Sara feel awkward.
“You’d better,” Marian said.
Sara did her best to remain stoic, “C’mon, you two,” she said, but after several moments she found herself on the brink of tears, “Both of you are just weird.”
CHAPTER FOUR

It was late in the evening. Arthur waited impatiently just outside the Citadel, “Where is that girl?” he said, leaning on the wall and folding his arms across his chest.
The grounds were now empty of commoners. Only a few patrols walked about. A Guardian in the Citadel set a torch against a small reservoir of oil that fed into all of the lamps in the ground outside.
Arthur stared off into the surrounding city. The light from the buildings gave them a subtle silhouette. It was actually quite calming. Just as he was about to go off into a daydream, Sara came running into view.
“It’s about time!” Arthur said.
Sara was back in uniform, mostly. She struggled to place one of her armbands on as she made her way to the Citadel, “Excuse me!” she said, almost plowing through several Guardians who barely managed to get out of her way.
Arthur opened the door as if he were expecting Sara to keep going. She was going so fast he was surprised that she managed to stop before reaching the door.
“Sorry,” Sara said, “My friends and I were at the pub. They wanted to give me a good sendoff.”
“You better not be tipsy!” Arthur said.
“I drank one little glass,” Sara replied.
Arthur sniffed the air and thought he picked up a slight whiff of alcohol. He shook his head in disappointment, “You haven’t been a Guardian even a day and you’re already pushing it.”
“It was one glass,” Sara said, placing her hands on her hips.
Arthur waved his hand for Sara to go inside, “Let’s go. The Marshal is waiting in the Great Hall.”
Sara could never really keep her eyes in front of her to see where she was going, “You know, I think I’ve only seen half of this building. I need to take myself on a tour one of these days.”
“You won’t find anything more interesting in here than outside,” Arthur said, “After one week on assignment, I bet you’ll want to get as far away from this place as possible.”
After a few minutes of walking, Sara started to ask, “So, about my first assignment…”
“I’ve already spoken with the Marshal,” Arthur said, “You’ll get what you want, and I’ve pulled a few strings to have you assigned here in New Haven.”
Sara’s face lit up, “Really? I can’t believe you did that. I was worried I would be assigned to patrol one of the routes between the cities.”
“Don’t make me regret this!” Arthur said.
“Don’t worry,” Sara responded, “I promise I won’t screw up.”
Arthur opened another door and allowed Sara through first, “You shouldn’t make promises like that,” he said.
Sara passed by, but then stopped and turned to Arthur, “Then how about ‘I’ll do my best?’”
“I can appreciate that,” Arthur said with a wink, “C’mon, the Marshal is right through that door.”
It didn’t show, but Sara became anxious looking at the large door at the end of the hall, and with every step she took toward it, her anxiousness turned to excitement.
“Remember,” Arthur explained, “Just take the nearest seat next to him and please be nice.”
“No problem,” Sara said.
Being the noble Guardian he was, Arthur opened the door and politely allowed Sara to pass first.
The Great Hall was a very large circular room with a huge table in the middle surrounded by chairs.
Henry, a man who looked about as old as Arthur, was sitting patiently in a chair. A small candle and some papers sat on the table in front of him. Henry was a Marshal, a Guardian assigned to lead the other Guardians in a particular area, like a city. Sara sat down next to him.
“Hello, Ranger,” Henry said.
“Hello,” Sara responded.
“So, what did you think of the training,” Henry asked, “Tough, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it was, sir,” Sara answered.
Henry began ruffling through the papers in front of him, “I hear you graduated alone and early, too!”
“Um…yeah,” Sara said uneasily.
Henry leaned towards Sara with a smile on his face, “Congratulations!” he said before returning to his papers.
Sara’s eyes wandered around at the numerous painted window panes around the room.
“Now,” Henry continued, seemingly more excited than Sara, “I have five positions in the three cities. There are openings here in New Haven. One in Alaria, and one in Genoa. Did you have one in mind?”
“Yes,” Sara answered without hesitation, “I’d like to be assigned here in New Haven.”
“It shall be done,” Henry said. He picked up his pen and filled out the necessary paperwork, “Sign here and here, please.”
Sara quickly signed the forms.
Henry took the forms back and folded them, “That’s it. Welcome to the Guardians. You are to patrol the Chapel District on the second shift. Don’t forget to pick your weapons up in the armory.”
“Thank you,” Sara said, shaking Henry’s hand.
“Please be on your way,” Henry said, “Your shift starts soon.”
Sara got up and headed straight for the door Arthur was too pleased to open.
“Are you happy now?” Arthur asked.
Sara walked at a brisk pace with Arthur doing his best to keep up.
“This is it! My first assignment!” Sara said.
“What are you doing?” Arthur asked, “You act like you’re going off to save the world or something. You do know what patrolling boils down to, right? All you do is walk down a few streets, making sure nothing bad happens.”
Sara responded without hesitation, “If something bad does happen, I’m going to be there to stop it.”
“What’s the worst you think will happen,” Arthur asked, “There's never even been a confirmed sighting of a Rhean within the city.”
“That doesn’t mean it won’t happen tonight,” Sara responded.
Arthur couldn’t help but laugh, “I almost forgot – you’re a newbie, so I guess it’s okay to have high hopes.”
Sara ignored the insult. She didn’t care what anyone said. She was a Ranger and she had a job to do.
Arthur decided it was best to ease up and leave her alone. The thick wooden doors of the armory came within sight as they rounded the corner.
A single Guardian stood by the door and opened it as Sara passed.
The armory was loaded with a few different types of weapons. Aside from the standard sword and shield, which few Guardians used because of the weight, there were also collapsible composite bows.
Sara grabbed a talon and equipped it. Talons were leather gauntlets with retractable blades worn at the wrist. Since it was small, light, and easy to master, it was a popular secondary weapon. 
Her final weapon, one she wished she had practiced more, was the halo. It was simple in design, yet so hard to wield safely that many Guardians thought twice before using it. Sara carefully grabbed a halo from its holster and spun it around her hand.
“You don’t need a weapon like that for an assignment like this, do you?” Arthur asked, “I've heard stories of people losing fingers just trying to pull the damn thing from the holster.”
Sara flicked, flipped, and spun the halo like she had been born with it, but sighed and placed the halo on the rack, “You’re right,” she said. She moved over to a table with dozens of equinoxes laid out. It was the workhorse in the Guardian's arsenal.
Compared to Arthur's equinox, these were just a plain leather-wrapped hilt with blades but just as deadly.
After a little eyeballing, Sara picked one up and extended the blades. There was just enough room in the armory for her to practice a few basic moves. Satisfied, she retracted the blades and holstered it.
A Guardian stepped in and tossed his equinox on the table. Letting out a long sigh, he turned his head side-to-side, cracking his neck. Looking at Sara, he asked, “Let me guess, Chapel District, right?”
“Yeah,” Sara answered.
“I’d hurry if I were you,” the guardian said, “My shift is up.”
CHAPTER FIVE

Sara and Arthur ran at nearly full speed. The streets were now much less busy, so it didn’t take long to reach the Chapel District.
“Here we are,” Arthur said, lightly huffing as he held his sides, “You know the routine. Walk this way and that way, and that’s it. Someone will come to relieve you of duty at midnight.”
Sara took a quick survey of her surroundings. The chapel rested in an alley-riddled area where the buildings and streets radiated outward from it, “Well, I guess this is it.”
“Finally!” Arthur said tiredly, “I thought I’d never get rid of you!”
Sara laughed out loud.
“See you around,” Arthur said. With that, he turned and left Sara to be on her own for the first time.
Sara watched as Arthur faded into the darkness. As she patrolled her beat, she could hear the creaking of signposts, the chirping of crickets, and a gentle breeze of cool air every now and then.
At one point, her route branched in two directions. One path winded several blocks to the chapel. The other was a dark, narrow alley. There were a dozen reasons to not take the alley, most of them nothing to worry about.
Sara stared down the less-traveled alley, telling herself there was nothing to be afraid of, nothing she couldn’t handle. A blast of cold air rushed out from the alley that made Sara’s hair stand on end.
“Maybe next time,” Sara whispered to herself. As she began to walk down the street she heard a clang-like sound that seemed to come from the alley. Sara stopped and looked again, “What the...”
Sara moved through the alley trying to make as little noise as possible. There was nothing out of the ordinary, except that she occasionally heard an odd noise that sounded like cloth moving through the wind. Each time, it came from a different direction.
“Is anyone there?” Sara asked. After a moment, she continued through the alley and eventually came upon a wooden crate. She leaned back against a wall for a rest from the games she thought her mind was playing on her, “Get a grip,” she said, taking a seat on the crate.
After some eye rubbing and a yawn, Sara was back on her feet. She stretched her arms and took a deep breath. She took several steps forward and then stopped when she had an undeniable feeling of being watched. There were several places in the shadows for someone, or something, to hide.
Sara examined the alley in front of her. Another gentle breeze blew across her back. As calmly as she could, she turned around. At first, she couldn’t really make out anything in the dark, but after about three seconds she realized that someone was standing just a few feet in front of her.
Sara’s heart jumped. With the speed and grace of a cat, she grabbed her equinox and extended its blades. Just as quickly, the figure leaped straight up into the air and onto the rooftop, and almost immediately after that, something else right behind her did the same thing.
Sara spun around and barely caught a glimpse of it as it disappeared over the rooftop. Whatever it was, it was really fast and the dark didn’t help to see any. Sara ran through the alley, hoping that when she reached the street there would be more Guardians around. As she turned another corner, she looked up and spotted a dark figure moving from one roof to another.
Before she knew it, Sara burst onto the street. Everything was quiet. Her eyes were glued to the buildings around her. She paid especially close attention to the area around the alley.
A faint hissing noise came from a building next to the alley. Sara had heard a cat hiss before. This didn’t sound anything like it. It sounded like it came from something bigger and it sent a shiver down her spine. She managed to zero in on it just in time to see the dark figures suddenly take off across the rooftops.
“Guardians!” Sara yelled, hoping to attract help. She moved on hoping to not lose track of what she was chasing. Every few steps she would spot odd-looking shadows moving around. These were her only clue as to where to go. As she ran full speed around a corner, she realized the street ended at the chapel.
The chapel was one of the bigger buildings in the city, with larger-than-life windowpanes that were quite colorful. The stairs leading up to the front doors were vast slabs of concrete.
One of the dark figures made a daring leap from a roof and went crashing into one of the chapel's windows. The other dark figure was quick to follow.
Sara could only hope that the noise of the windowpane breaking was loud enough for other Guardians to hear. She ran as fast as she could up the stairs and pushed hard on the door to open it.
Inside the chapel, drapes hung from the ceiling. The pillars holding the roof up were more like statues, and the pews were arranged in an arc pattern going around the altar at the far end of the chapel.
A large open space lay between the pews and the altar. It was there that she finally caught up the phantoms she’d been chasing—Vesuvians.
One of them looked similar to the descriptions Sara had seen. Most of his clothes were black. He had slightly pale skin and blue eyes. His hair was black and shaggy.
“Now look what you did, Bekal,” said the other Vesuvian. In one hand, he carried a black staff that was about three feet in length, “You’ve got the humans involved. This is your last chance to come back quietly, or things are going to get messy.”
When Sara came within a few yards, Bekal flashed his fangs at her, “Leon, look what we have here,” he grinned.
Sara couldn’t make out much detail about Leon He was almost completely covered from head-to-toe in black clothing. His hood, casting a shadow over much of his face, connected to his long, tattered tunic. He was shorter than Bekal but slightly taller than her.
“How can you not be interested?” Bekal asked, pulling two serrated knives from his coat, “I know you can smell her blood…her youth…her strength.”
Sara took a defensive stance. She was slightly winded from her pursuit. Her nerves were on edge. She looked back and forth between the Vesuvians, expecting to be attacked at any moment.
Leon spun his staff and focused his attention on Bekal.
“You’re a coward and a traitor!” Bekal exclaimed, “I’ve had many dreams of taking your head, Leon”
Sara stepped forward, “Put your weapons down and surrender!” she demanded, trying to keep both foes in sight.
Bekal took one look at her and began laughing, “Little girl, you have no idea who you’re talking to.” With a loud snarl, he ran toward Sara at full speed and raised his knife in to take a fatal swipe.
Leon launched himself forward and used his staff to block the knife.
Without missing a beat, Sara swung her equinox, slicing Bekal’s other hand off, and then landed a hard elbow to his face to send him down.
Leon quickly retreated several steps.
Sara circled towards him, “You have to surrender, Vesuvian. I won’t ask you again.”
“I’d be more worried about Bekal here,” Leon said.
Growling in anger, Bekal stood and swung his knife wildly at Leon – who easily dodged the attack and struck him on the side of the head with his staff. The blow sent him sprawling against the pews just a few feet away.
Sara went after Leon, whom she was still unable to get a good look at. Every swipe she took was either blocked or dodged. For a moment, it seemed pointless until she decided to put more of what she’d learned to use. She spun the equinox in a disorienting fashion, hoping to throw Leon off guard, and she belted him with a hard kick to the midsection.
Most humans, or even most Vesuvians, would have keeled over in agony. Leon skipped back several steps and paused.
The look on Bekal’s face was that of complete anger. He ran at Sara, repeatedly swiping at her from all directions. His frustration only grew as his attacks met with no success.
With every attack, Sara desperately looked for a way to end the fight, thinking that at any moment Leon was going to stab her in the back.
Keeping most of her focus on the immediate threat, Sara swung the equinox up to block Bekal's knife and stabbed him in the heart with her talon.
Several Guardians burst through the door as Bekal fizzled away into a heap of ember and ash.
Sara spun around just in time to see Leon make an incredible leap through the broken windowpane.
One Guardian turned to the others, “Go back out and track him!” he ordered, before running to Sara’s side, “Were you just fighting with two Vesuvians?”
Sara stood motionless. She could feel her heart beating like it was going a hundred miles an hour.
“Hey!” the Guardian said, patting her on the shoulder, “Are you okay?”
Like waking up from a daydream, Sara turned to him, “Yes, I’m fine.”
“This is incredible!” the Guardian laughed, “Man you sure paid attention in class, didn’t you!”
CHAPTER SIX

It was early next morning. Arthur found himself walking with Sara through the halls of the Citadel, “We lost track of the Vesuvian you fought in the chapel,” he said.
“I’m not even sure he was Vesuvian,” Sara replied.
“What makes you say that?”
“For one, he was completely covered from head-to-toe, so I didn’t get that good a look at him. Second, it seemed as if he was there for the other Vesuvian, the one I killed.”
Arthur scratched his beard, “Hmm… I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Why would two Vesuvians be running around the city trying to kill each other?” Sara wondered out loud.
“Could he have been a Hegiran or a Khothu?” Arthur asked.
“No,” Sara answered. “He dressed like a Vesuvian and moved like one. Hegirans and Khothu are too slow to dodge like that.”
“He must have been a Vesuvian then,” Arthur said, “If he were a Fenrir, you’d know it. Besides that, only a Vesuvian or Fenrir could have made that leap through the window.”
Sara shook her head, “I don't know.”
“Maybe there’s a lot of infighting between the Vesuvians,” Arthur said, “Don’t forget about their thirst for blood. If your fellow Guardians hadn’t shown up when they did, the one that got away might have made a meal out of you.”
“Good point,” Sara said with a look of concern.
After a moment, Arthur noticed that Sara was dwelling on the thought a little too much, “What’s wrong?”
“You don’t understand what this is like for me,” Sara responded, “I couldn’t get any sleep last night. Everyone keeps asking all these questions. You said no one had seen a Rhean within the city for years…”
“Which is true, or was true.” Arthur acknowledged.
“And I have a fight with two Vesuvians, inside the chapel of all places, on my first day on the job,” Sara said
Arthur chuckled, “Weren’t you the one who was so excited about being a Guardian?”
Sara ran her hands through her hair, “You’re right,” she said, “I should just be glad I’m alive.”
A Guardian suddenly appeared from around the corner, “Sir Arthur, the Consular is having a meeting with the Marshal, Elites, and Preceptors. They’re gathering right now in the Great Hall.”
Arthur looked to Sara, “We don’t have too many meetings like this. It must be important.”
“I’m going to get some sleep,” Sara said, then yawning out loud.
“Make sure you get enough rest and don’t forget about the ball tonight.” Arthur reminded.
“That’s tonight? Oh no! I forgot!” Sara said.
“Don’t worry,” Arthur said, “I’m sure you’ll do just fine.”
Sara slumped, “I’m only going `cause my friends are making me,” she said before turning to go find her room.
Arthur followed the Guardian. Entering the room, he got the feeling that he was the last one to show up. Dozens of Guardians sat or stood around the table, but there was one unoccupied chair next to Henry and Philip, the Consular.
“Arthur, please have a seat,” Philip said, waving his hand. He was an older man, to the point where keeping his shape as robust as it had once been was easier said than done.
Arthur kindly took the seat.
“Is that everyone?” Philip asked.
“I believe so,” Henry replied.
“Let’s begin,” Philp said, “Last night one of our Rangers had a run-in two Vesuvians. Only hours have passed and already citizens are talking about it. As some of you know, for many years there have been sightings of Rheans within the city walls, but no one has ever been able to prove it. This time, we have multiple witnesses and a pile of ash. Questions are going to be asked and we have to be sure of what we’re going to say to avoid any panic. Any suggestions?”
Arthur raised his hand, “Sir, I don’t think we should tell the whole truth.”
Everyone in the room looked at Arthur.
“Explain,” Philip calmly demanded.
“We know that two Vesuvians were involved, but one escaped,” Arthur began, “We should tell the people that one Vesuvian was killed, and the other was chased out of the city. If they think there’s a Vesuvian running loose, there may be widespread panic. In the meantime, we should increase patrols and make sure the survivor isn’t hiding.”
There were murmurs of support from the other Guardians, “Good idea.”, “I agree.”
“A wise decision,” said Philip, “You trained Sara, correct?”
“Yes, sir,” Arthur replied.
“Congratulations,” Philip said, “I look forward to seeing more Guardians under your tutelage.”
Elsewhere in the Citadel, Sara walked tiredly through the corridor. Her eyes felt like lead and she couldn’t even stand straight anymore. Leaning against the dining hall door, she stared down the corridor, which seemed to stretch on forever. There was, however, a shortcut through the very door she was leaning on. She opened it slightly and saw that breakfast was still being served. At least several hundred Guardians were eating and chatting at the numerous tables in the room. She stepped in and tried to walk through hoping nobody would notice. Her walk was somewhat casual, but she held her head down. After only a few steps in, she could hear the chatting slowly die down and feel all eyes fall upon her.
Richard, a tall, handsome young man with blue eyes and brown hair, cut his conversation short when he spotted Sara passing by, “Excuse me,” he said, getting up from his chair and hurriedly navigating his way around the tables to catch up with Sara.
The closer Sara got to the exit the faster she walked. When she finally reached the door, she wasted no time pushing it open and get out.
As the door closed, Richard came plowing through it, “Sara, wait.”
Almost startled, Sara stopped and turned, “Richard, what’s up?”
 “I heard about what happened. How are you holding up?” Richard asked.
“I’m just tired,” Sara said.
“Can I walk you to your room?” Richard asked.
“Sure,” Sara replied.
As they walked, Sara kept an eye out for her door while Richard spoke.
“I’ve been a Guardian for a little over a year,” Richard began, “I’ve seen a Vesuvian here and there, but I never got into it with two by myself. Three of us once ran into a Fenrir, and it took an entire night to kill that thing.”
“Oh yeah, you told me about that one. Good thing our weapons are lined with silver,” Sara said, then seeming to lose herself in thought.
After a moment, Richard began to feel like a fifth wheel.
“I’m sorry,” Sara said, “This all still feels surreal. To be honest, I always dreamed of doing what I did. I just never thought it would actually happen. Now that I have all this attention, I feel funny.”
“Just so you know,” Richard said, “What you did makes a lot of us feel better, and for some of us who haven’t seen too much action lately, it’s a reminder of why we're here.”
“What's that supposed to mean?” Sara asked.
“If it weren’t for the Rheans, the Guardians wouldn’t even exist,” Richard said. “So, you have to ask yourself--what would you be doing if you couldn’t be a Guardian?”
“I’m not sure,” Sara said, “I’ve never really thought about it.”
“Maybe it’s just me,” Richard said as they rounded a corner, “Or maybe you don’t know it, but I think you joined because you wanted to do something that not everyone can do. It’s not just for the fun and excitement--you want to make a difference.”
Sara stopped and smiled at Richard, “You know that would be the most honest answer I could give, but then people would probably think I’m crazier than I already am.”
Moments later they arrived at her room, “I just hope everyone gets over this soon,” Sara said.
“Oh, I think you have a long wait ahead of you,” Richard laughed.
Sara opened the door and stepped in before turning to Richard, “Thanks for walking me to my room.”
“Anytime,” Richard said, “Hold on, you’re going to the ball tonight, right?”
“Yeah, I’m going with Juli and Marian,” Sara replied, “After I get some rest.”
“Great! I’ll see you there.” Richard said.
Closing the door behind her, Sara tilted her head back and gave a big sigh of relief, “Home sweet home,” she whispered right before falling face-first into bed.
CHAPTER SEVEN

It was pretty much a wasted day as Sara slept in. By the time she woke, the sun was already beginning to set. As her body struggled to get itself out of bed, she looked around at her dark room. A small part of her wondered if the past night had been a dream, but then again, she figured her chest wouldn’t have felt as sore as it did. Managing to crawl out of bed, she headed straight for the washtub and took the most relaxing, hot bath she had ever had.
Juli and Marian stepped into the ballroom. Both looked radiant enough to certainly test a man’s will not to stare.
Juli scanned the crowd, “Where’s William?”
“Don’t be so desperate!” Marian whispered, “Oh, wait! He’s dancing with that girl over there!”
Juli quickly grabbed Marian, “What!”
“Just kidding!” Marian smiled.
“How’s my fair lady?” William asked, approaching from behind. Like all male Guardians, he had a formal uniform similar to his normal outfit but without a sash, complete with a knee-length military jacket.
Juli spun around, “Excited. We haven’t been here a minute and the party is fantastic.”
Marian’s eyes darted from side to side looking for her would-be date. She spotted him halfway across the room, drinking with a fellow Guardian, “I’ll be right back,” she said, even though Juli paid no attention.
“Jacob,” Marian said as she came to his side.
Jacob was stunned by Marian, “You look beautiful.”
“Thank you. I like your uniform.” Marian said.
“Really? We were just talking about our uniforms,” Jacob said, “They’re kinda plain, don’t you think?”
“No,” Marian said, taking hold of Jacob’s arm, “It’s…simple, yet elegant. And I like a man in uniform.”
Juli and William were having a slow dance.
“So, how long have you been in Rhea?” William asked.
“A little over a year,” Juli replied, “I came here with my best friends, Sara and Marian. You know Sara, don’t you?”
“I’ve certainly heard of her,” William said. “She’s definitely going to be a household name around here for a while.”
Sara was certainly in no hurry. After nearly falling asleep for the second time in the tub, she decided to step out. She went to her dresser and found her formal attire. It looked similar to her normal uniform, but with a skirt and no sleeves.
The halls of the Citadel were noticeably empty.
Sara walked at a brisk pace. As she crossed one of the gardens on the upper level, she stopped suddenly. The curtain wall of the Citadel was right next to her. She leaned against it, looking through the crenel at the city before her. Instead of enjoying the view, she peered at the shadows as if she were expecting something to come out.
When she thought about it, if something had popped out, like a Vesuvian, she’d be completely helpless with no weapons.
A Guardian and his date for the evening suddenly came from around the corner, talking and laughing.
Sara waited for them to pass before following suit. She entered the ballroom directly behind the couple mistakenly thinking that no one would notice her. Just like in the dining hall, almost everyone’s attention was drawn to her. But the odd moment was thankfully cut short.
Juli and Marian were standing around with their dates and Richard.
“Sara!” Juli shouted.
“Over here!” Marian added, waving.
The party didn’t completely stop, but most, especially the Guardians, paid their respects by saluting Sara with their drinks as she passed. Sara, blushing slightly, smiled and nodded.
“Looking good, Sara!” Richard said.
“Not bad yourself!” Sara shot back.
Marian wrapped an arm around Sara’s, “What took you forever?”
“You fell asleep again, didn’t you?” Juli asked.
“In case you didn’t hear. I had a little tussle with two Vesuvians, “Sara said.
Marian released Sara’s arm, cringing, “What?”
Sara rolled her eyes, “I can’t believe you haven’t heard by now.”
“Oh, we heard! We just didn’t think it was you!” Juli said.
Richard wrapped an arm around Sara, “Who else could have done it? Even among us Guardians, Sara is already a legend. Earlier this morning, I overheard two Guardians saying that she had the skull of a Fenrir hanging on her wall.”
“Everyone in the city has been talking about it,” Juli said, “You actually killed a Vesuvian?”
“Just like they showed me!” Sara answered, grabbing a drink from a passing waiter and taking a chug. Her face soured at the strength of the alcohol, “Someone tipped the bar good!”
“Easy now,” Richard said.
“Hey, Rich!” Jacob began, “Remember last year when we were escorting that convoy to Genoa, and we got jumped by three Vesuvians?”
“How could I forget,” Richard replied, “Charles almost lost his arm in that mess.”
“What ‘mess’,” Jacob said, “We all made it out alive and bagged two Vesuvians.”
“I would hope that four Guardians and six soldiers are a match for three Vesuvians,” Richard replied.
William nudged Jacob, “You should have been there when me and Rich ran into a Fenrir.”
“I heard about it,” Jacob said.
“Yeah? Well did I ever tell you I had nightmares for almost a week because of that?” For a brief moment, William stared at the floor, “All that hair, claws, and teeth. It was like a monkey.”
Richard shook his head, “More like a wolf, with the way it howled.”
Juli took hold of William's hand, “How'd you kill it?”
William took a quick swig of his drink, “As fast as we could.”
“Sara, do you really have a skull?” Marian asked.
“Marian,” Sara said in disbelief.
The sun had completely set, and the full moon was out.
Several miles from the city and into the forest, cliffs soared hundreds of feet. From here, Leon could see the lights of New Haven as a soft amber glow in the distance. Sitting in a crouched position, he scanned his surroundings before casually standing up and diving feet-first to the ground. A fall from that height would kill just about anything, but for a Vesuvian, it might as well have been a hop.
Upon landing, he took off in a burst of phenomenal speed leaping, bouncing, and jumping from one tree to the next.
Within perhaps a minute, Leon found himself at the edge of the tree line, looking at the gates of New Haven. He stood motionless, watching the patrolling soldiers.
With the light from the moon, the soldiers could see several dozen yards out toward the forest. One was startled when he spotted Leon approaching the gates, “Halt!” he ordered, getting the attention of several others.
Leon did as told.
“It looks like a Vesuvian,” a soldier said, “Besides, we're not expecting anyone until tomorrow.”
“What should we do?” Another asked.
“Alert the Guardians,” said Thomas, passing by, “I'll deal with the Vesuvian.”
Leon waited as the gate opened and Thomas passed through, approaching him at a brisk pace.
Several soldiers gathered along the wall and began to whisper among themselves, “He’s crazy.”
“He's an Elite. He can handle it.” another said.
Thomas pulled his halo from its holster as he closed in.
Leon didn't even get a chance to speak before having to dodge a swipe from the halo that could have split his head in two.
Minutes later, back at the Guardian's ball, a soldier burst through the doors, bringing the party to an abrupt stop, “There's a Vesuvian outside the gate!”
Immediately, everyone scrambled to the nearest armory.
“What's going on?” Marian shouted.
“Wait here,” Sara said, running off with the rest of the Guardians.
Leon grabbed his staff and began using it to block many of Thomas' strikes.
Thomas was stronger and much more imposing than Sara, but slower. He found it difficult to land any hits even when he feinted.
There were a few times here and there where Leon had to eat a punch or a kick just to avoid the halo’s razor edges.
Sara arrived at the wall with several Guardians. She recognized Leon almost immediately, “It's him,” she whispered to herself.
Thomas was becoming more exhausted and frustrated by the second. As he swung wide, Leon ducked under and grabbed him by the arm, flinging Thomas several yards through the air and landing with a thud.
A few of the people along the wall gasped in horror.
Leon reached into a small knapsack around his waist and pulled out a small roll of paper, then tossed it in front of Thomas.
CHAPTER EIGHT

In the Great Hall, all of the Guardians who'd gathered the day before had returned.
“What does it say?” Philip asked.
“Alliance,” Henry responded.
The room was silent, though the air was filled with a sense of confusion.
“Alliance?” Philip repeated.
“Some kind of trick?” Thomas suggested.
“Could be,” Arthur said, “But if that's the case, the question isn't why, but why now?”
Some in the room seemed even more baffled.
“Arthur, can you elaborate?” Henry asked.
“This can't be a trick,” Arthur began, “At least I don't think so. If it is, it sure took the Vesuvians a long time to think of. None of the Rheans have ever tried to trick us before, not like this, and they're not stupid. This is completely unprecedented. Think of it. Open talk, trade, exchange of information.”
Philip asked, “Where's the Vesuvian who delivered this message?”
Thomas spoke, “Ten minutes ago, he was still outside the gate.”
Henry looked to Arthur, “What could have possibly happened for the Vesuvians to be so desperate all of a sudden?”
“Who knows,” Arthur said, “The important thing to remember is that they're requesting an alliance, not peace.”
“Good point,” Philip said, “An alliance usually means to join forces against another.”
“Forget it!” Thomas laughed, “We’ve pursued peace with them countless times and they’ve never cooperated. Let them sweat it out this time.”
Arthur was quick to counter, “According to Sara, our Guardian who fought the Vesuvians two nights ago, it appeared as though the Vesuvians were not cooperating, perhaps even fighting each other. Now I don't know what that means-”
“I'll tell you what it means.” Thomas snapped, “It's all part of some plan to trick us into this ‘alliance.’”
“Enough!” Philip said, “Both of you have valid arguments, but there is simply no way to be sure at this time.”
After a moment of silence, Arthur spoke, “There may be a way.”
Philip looked to him, “How?”
“Let’s talk to the Vesuvian before jumping to conclusions,” Arthur said.
“Doesn't mean he won't lie,” Thomas said.
Arthur became visibly agitated.
“Thomas!” Philip said, “You're a fine Guardian, perhaps one of the best. But Arthur has seen and done more than most in this room, so I will say this only once. Shut up!”
Embarrassed, Thomas' head dropped.
“Shall I bring the Vesuvian?” Arthur asked.
“Not without an escort,” Philip said.
Thomas was quick to volunteer, “I'll go.”
Philip waved him off, “After what you just pulled? No! You're lucky you didn't kill the Vesuvian! Arthur, find Sara. The two of you will escort the Vesuvian here. I want her involved with this from now on.”
Arthur immediately stood and was on his way. As he walked through the Citadel, he ran into Richard, “Have you seen Sara?”
“I just spoke with her,” Richard answered, “She and several others are watching the Vesuvian outside.”
“I should have guessed. Thanks.” Arthur said.
Leon was sitting on a boulder near the main gate, not minding the dozens of eyes watching him like a freak show.
“He must be crazy to come here alone,” William said, as he and Jacob stood guard along the wall.
Jacob stared at Leon, “How do you know he's alone? Some of these guys can turn invisible.”
Arthur continued his search and found Sara. He stood by her, watching Leon.
“It's him,” Sara said, “That’s the one that got away.”
Arthur looked, “The Consular wants us to escort your friend here.”
“Yeah right.” Sara smiled.
“I’m not kidding,” Arthur said.
“Why?” Sara asked.
“You'll see.” Arthur said, “The Consular himself wants you in on this.”
Sara never took her eyes off Leon once she and Arthur passed the gate. When they came to within just a few feet, Leon stood and pulled his hood back.
All things considered, Sara found Leon to be an average-looking man with short hair and a clean-cut face.
Leon offered a handshake to Sara, “Hello.”
“Hi,” Sara said, accepting Leon’s hand, “I’m Sara. This is Arthur.”
“My name is Leon. Have you come with an answer for me?”
“No,” Arthur said, “Follow us. We need to speak with you.”
Dozens of soldiers frantically worked to clear the streets, pushing people aside and diverting carriages.
Arthur walked side-by-side with Leon.
Sara was several yards ahead, working with the soldiers. They eventually arrived at their destination. The air in the room was tense as Leon entered.
“All of you please have a seat,” Philip said.
As Leon sat, he spoke, “The Vesuvian Council is expecting me to return soon. I'll try to answer any questions as best as I can, but time is of the essence.”
“Why is that?” Philip asked.
Leon looked at several of the Guardians before turning to Philip, “Can I ask you something first?”
“Very well,” Philip responded.
“Where do you go when you die?” Leon asked.
Philip was sure the others were just as dumbfounded by the question as he, “Um...well...we...”
“What do you mean?” Sara asked.
Leon looked to Sara, “What is your afterlife like?”
Puzzled, Sara answered, “It depends on what you believe.”
Leon's eyes went wide, “You don't know?”
“Why? Do you?” Philip asked.
“Of course,” Leon said, “When Rheans die, they pass on to a place called the Netherworld, and a few days ago we found out that it's been invaded. In order to stop it, we need your help.”
Philip paused for a moment, unsure of what to say, “This world is filled with many strange wonders, but it's hard to imagine how you intend on stopping this invasion.”
Sara found it amusing, “I hope we don't have to die!”
 “Who or what has invaded your Netherworld?” Arthur asked.
“Pelasgians,” Leon replied, “They're a... collective of sorts. They come from a place we call the Shadow Realm. As for dying, don't worry, we have a gateway to travel between lands.”
All eyes were on Philip, “Leon, I understand you are short on time, but we must discuss this further. I've arranged a room for you in the Citadel. We will have an answer for you by morning.”
CHAPTER NINE

The next morning in the Great Hall, Philip was slumped in his chair, rubbing his tired eyes.
Everyone from the night before, except for Leon, walked in and took their seats. Sara and Arthur sat beside Philip.
“Opinions?” Philip asked.
“Hard to believe,” Sara said.
Arthur spoke, “Considering the fact that we're dealing with the afterlife, I'm forced to agree. However, I think it's safe to say anything is possible.”
“Assuming he’s telling the truth,” Thomas said, “How in the world can we organize any kind of attack? We were created to support the regular army, which isn't equipped or even trained to deal with the Rheans, much less any of their problems. If we decide to help, there clearly aren't enough Guardians to wage any kind of war.”
Philip sighed, “We've been put in a difficult spot. Even I must admit that I find Leon's story hard to believe.”
Sara crossed her arms, “The only way we can know for sure is if someone goes and sees the Netherworld for themselves, and it might not hurt to get a look at this Shadow Realm.”
Everyone looked at Sara as if she were crazy.
“Any idea who's going?” Arthur asked.
“I will,” Sara said.
Philip cleared his throat, “The Vesuvian is expecting an answer.”
Sara shrugged her shoulders, “It's our necks on the line. The way I see it unless Leon can prove everything he's said, we don't have to answer anything.”
Philip smirked, “I had a feeling your insight would be useful. Sometimes it takes a younger, more adventurous line of thought to see what needs to be done.”
Arthur leaned to Sara, “You sure about this?”
“It's the only way,” Sara answered.
“Yes.” Philip said, “It's been decided. Sara, go with Thomas and bring Leon...and Thomas, try not to kill him this time.”
Walking through the corridor with Sara, Thomas moped to himself, “...try not to kill him...”
“If I may ask--” Sara began.
Thomas was quick to answer, “--no, you may not! I've never met a Vesuvian that wasn't trying to drain me of my blood, and I am not about to trust this one.”
As they came to Leon's room, guarded by two Elites, Thomas motioned with his head for Sara to approach the door.
However, Leon opened it just before Sara could knock.
Slightly startled, Sara said, “Follow me.”
Walking back to the Great Hall, no one said a word.
Philip respectfully stood when they entered, “Leon, welcome. Please have a seat.”
Leon sat, seemingly oblivious to the skeptical stares he was getting.
Arthur spoke, “Before we begin, Leon, I'd like to ask if you know anything about what happened two nights ago. Two Vesuvians-”
“Yes,” Leon answered, then looking at Sara, “I was one of them. I regret you had to get involved.”
“What were you doing?” Sara asked.
“Bekal was in violation of Vesuvian law, Leon answered, “It's illegal to enter the human-held territory. The Council wishes to avoid any conflict with you, for now.”
Philip then asked, “Leon, is there any way you can prove that the Netherworld or Shadow Realm exists?”
“Not unless I take you there,” Leon answered.
“Then you understand how difficult it is for us to come to any kind of decision. If possible, we would like you to take a Guardian to see the Netherworld and the Shadow Realm to confirm everything. For the time being, I'd like to offer a formal truce.”
After a moment, Leon said, “I guess that will have to do, but shouldn't your Governor be here for this kind of decision?”
Philip answered, “The Governor represents our people to our Senate back home. In some situations, especially military ones, the Guardians are given full autonomy.”
“How do you know about our political structure?” Henry asked.
“I've done my research,” Leon said.
Some Guardians in the room exchanged concerned glances.
“No matter,” Philip said, “Sara, make any preparations you need for the journey. You are to leave as soon as possible.”
Within the hour, Sara was in the armory placing some flint in her backpack.
Arthur stood by, “Did you remember to pack your weather gear?”
“Of course,” Sara replied, putting the backpack on. She equipped a talon on each wrist and tested them to make sure the blades extended.
“Here,” Arthur said, handing Sara a halo. He grabbed a bow, collapsed it, and attached it to Sara’s pack.
“Thanks,” Sara said, then putting on a small hip quiver with arrows. She put one foot on a table and buckled a holster with small throwing daggers around her thigh.
“Ready?” Arthur asked.
Sara quickly checked to make sure she had her equinox, “Ready as I'll ever be.”
Leon waited with several Guardians by the main gate as Sara and Arthur approached.
“You know,” Arthur began, “Even though you're new, I can't think of anyone better to send than you.”
Sara thought Arthur was trying to comfort her, “I'm not that nervous.”
“I mean it,” Arthur said, “You've got the attitude, the training, and... well, not much experience, but a little is better than...”
“Hey, look at Leon,” Sara said.
“What about him?” Arthur asked.
“Sun is out, and his hood is down,” Sara replied.
As he came up to Leon, Arthur said, “Vesuvians don't like sunlight. Let me guess, a birth defect?”
“You could call it that,” Leon answered.
“Are you sure?” Sara said, sarcastically, “Most Vesuvians would die in an instant.”
“I assure you,” Leon said, “I'm a Vesuvian.”
Arthur signaled the guards to open the gate, “Leon, this had better not be some kind of trick.” He turned to Sara, “See you soon.”
“Thanks,” Sara said, “Okay, Leon, lead the way.”
Arthur watched as Sara and Leon went on their way past the gate, “Wait!”
Sara and Leon turned.
“Here,” Arthur said, holding out his custom equinox.
Sara was surprised, “Arthur, I can't.”
“I'm not giving it to you,” Arthur said, “I want it back when you return.”
Sara hesitated, but took the equinox and holstered it, “Thanks, Arthur.”
With a final nod, Arthur returned to the gate and had it closed.
CHAPTER TEN

“Isn't there a road or path we can take?” Sara asked, making her way through the brush as she followed Leon.
“No,” Leon answered, “We have no need for them, and they would only show you humans where to find us.”
“Then where are we going?” Sara asked.
“By nightfall, we should reach an outpost,” Leon said, “We can stay there until tomorrow.”
“And then where?” Sara asked, “The Netherworld?”
“No,” Leon replied, “We have to go to Vesuvia and see the Council. They need to know what's going on, and they’re likely upset that I haven’t returned yet.”
“Vesuvia? Are we actually going to Vesuvia? That's your capital, isn't it?” Sara asked.
“Kind of, it's the only city we have,” Leon said.
“Just one city? It must be huge to hold all of your people.” Sara said.
“Yeah,” Leon said, “Compared to what humans have here in Rhea. But I guess it's not really fair since we've been here for ages and you humans made your first settlement...what was it, a little over a hundred years ago?”
“I’m not exactly sure,” Sara answered, “A hundred and fifty years, I think.”
“No way,” Leon said, “It can’t be older than me. I remember seeing the first human settlers.”
“What,” Sara said. “You don't look a day past twenty-five.”
“I’m a hundred and forty-three.” Leon said, “You?”
“I just turned twenty-one a few weeks ago,” Sara said, “Do all Vesuvians age that slowly?”
“Pretty much,” Leon said, breaking several small branches in his path.
There was a brief moment of silence as Sara continued to follow, “How old do Vesuvians live?”
“Good question,” Leon said, “No one really knows.”
“You're telling me no Vesuvian has ever died of old age? How is that?” Sara asked.
“Well, the oldest one is maybe two thousand years old,” Leon replied.
“So, every Vesuvian that came before him died of unnatural causes?” Sara asked.
“Yup,” Leon answered, “Please don't ask me to explain all the different ways a Vesuvian can die. But I can tell you the eldest Vesuvian to ever live, an Orlok, died shortly before humans first stepped foot on Rhea.”
“What's an Orlok?” Sara asked.
“One of the Vesuvian Houses, and now that I remember, an Orlok can be younger than me and still look ugly as sin,” Leon said, “They start out fine, but they go downhill fast.”
Sara laughed, “That bad, huh? How many Houses are there?”
“Seven,” Leon answered.
“That's it? Which one do you belong to?” Sara asked.
At that moment, Leon stopped in front of a narrow, five-foot-deep ditch with a small stream running through it. He hopped down and extended a helping hand to Sara.
Ignoring the offer, Sara hopped down as well.
Leon shrugged and skipped over the narrow stream before making a scarcely believable eight-foot leap up to the other side of the ditch.
It wasn't until Sara crossed the stream that she realized the difficulty of the obstacle in front of her.
Leon knelt down and again extended his hand.
This time, Sara accepted, and with a quick pull by Leon, she was up on the other side of the ditch. As Leon turned to move on, Sara gripped his hand tight, “Which House?” she asked.
Leon gently pulled away, “All of them,” he said.
After several hours of travel, Sara and Leon came to a small clearing and stopped.
Sara was becoming exhausted. Stretching her legs, she could see several small buildings across the clearing and noticed dusk was fast approaching.
“There's the outpost,” Leon said, still looking as fresh as when the journey started, “You can rest up there.”
“Leon, you're not tired?” Sara asked.
“Not really,” Leon answered, walking toward the outpost with Sara close behind.
“I hope your beds are comfy,” Sara said.
“Just let me do the talking,” Leon responded.
When they reached the outpost, Leon knocked on the door.
A small peephole slid open and a male voice with an accent spoke, “What yous doing here?!”
“I’m escorting this human to see the Council, “Leon said.
“What's the matter? Ya lost?” came the voice.
“The human needs rest,” Leon answered.
The peephole slammed shut and the door opened. Standing before Leon was a grungy-looking man of similar height, with braided hair down to the shoulders. Sara could see both of his arms were covered with tattoos, “Come in,” he said, stepping aside.
Leon entered and quickly looked around, “You alone?”
“Yeah,” the Vesuvian guard said, and then sitting at a table with cards laid out.
Sara entered, making sure to stick close to Leon as she examined the dimly lit room.
Leon pointed, “The bed is right over there.”
“Thanks,” Sara said, then walking over and sat at the edge of the bed.
Leon sat across from the guard, who was busy playing with the cards.
“What’s the Council want with a human?” the guard asked.
“Not much,” Leon said, “With everything that's going on, they want to see if they can help.”
The guard laughed, “Help? Them?”
Sara ignored the insult.
“I take it you haven't met many humans,” Leon said, watching the guard play, “They're full of surprises.”
“I'm sure,” the guard said.
Sara rubbed her legs, though she never took her eyes off the Vesuvians.
“How far have you gotten?” Leon asked of the game, “I've never been able to win.”
The guard stifled a laugh, “Everyone knows that. You still got the fastest record for using all your moves at Neila’s Pub.”
Sara noticed Leon shift as if he wasn't too comfortable, and that made her uncomfortable.
“Tell you what,” Leon said to the guard, “Why don't you take the night off? I'll cover for you.”
The guard looked at Leon for a moment, “You got no bloody argument here.” He stood up and walked out.
Leon walked to the door and locked it.
“He wasn't too friendly,” Sara said.
Leon shrugged and lay on a bed across the room.
Sara lay down also, “I thought you weren't tired,” she said.
“Sleep saves energy,” Leon responded.
Sara yawned, “Good night, Leon.”
“Good night,” Leon said before dozing off for several hours.
At some point in the middle of the night, Leon began to constantly shift in bed, making small grunting noises. Before long, he woke sitting upright, sweating and out of breath. He looked at Sara, only to find her staring at him. She was halfway out of bed with her halo in hand.
“Bad dream?” Sara asked.
Leon wiped the sweat off his forehead, “Yeah.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN

The sun had just risen when Sara and Leon left the outpost.
“If you don't mind, what were you dreaming of last night?” Sara asked.
“Nothing really, just fighting old battles,” Leon said, leading the way into the forest, “I think it's my turn to ask a few questions.”
“Go ahead,” Sara said.
“Where did you humans come from?” Leon asked.
“Our land is called Gaia,” Sara answered, “It's a beautiful place. We have every type of terrain and weather you can imagine. The land stretches forever in all directions. New Haven is considered a medium-sized city over there.”
“If you have so much land, why did you come here?” Leon asked.
Sara paused, “I'm sure there's still a lot of land in Gaia that can be settled, but most of the cities were getting crowded fast. People began to think the only way we would survive is by expanding. We’ve settled a few islands at least, but nothing that comes close to Rhea. If it were vacant, we’d probably have a dozen cities here instead of three.”
Both of them suddenly stopped at the sound of some rustling.
“What was that?” Sara whispered, drawing her equinox.
“Trouble,” Leon said grabbing his staff, twisting one end, and unsheathing the nearly two and a half-foot long blade inside.
“What kind?” Sara asked.
“About four feet tall, four arms, and big teeth,” Leon answered, “That kind.”
“A gremlin?” Sara asked.
“If that's what you wanna call it,” Leon said, without even a second to dodge what he just described.
The gremlin came swinging at him feet-first from the side of the tree. Holding onto the tree with its two left arms, it roared at Leon.
“Look out!” Leon shouted, pointing above Sara's head.
Sara ducked just in time to avoid the three-clawed hand of another gremlin. She drove her equinox into its eye and brought it crashing down.
Leon was just about to swing his sword at the first one when it suddenly leaped at him along with a third from behind. He stabbed the first one through the heart, killing it instantly. The other, however, got a good hold of him, slashing and tearing with its claws and biting down on his shoulder.
Leon growled in pain as he reached back and grabbed the monkey. With his incredible strength, he pulled it off and threw it hard against a tree.
The gremlin staggered, unable to recover before Leon sliced its head off.
“Leon, are you hurt?” Sara asked, watching any wound on him quickly heal.
“I'll be fine,” Leon answered, “Stay on your toes. These things usually travel in groups of about a dozen.”
At that moment, Sara realized several gremlins surrounded them. One suddenly roared, setting the others in a frenzy.
Leon didn't wait. He ran at one and stabbed it through the ribs. Another jumped at him. In an instant, Leon was behind it, impaling it through the back.
Sara was amazed at the speed with which Leon was able to dodge. Four gremlins began to close in on her fast. Not wanting to get surrounded, Sara quickly ran towards one, thrusting the equinox into its neck. With no time to pull the equinox out, she grabbed the halo and swung it, slicing a second down the middle.
Leon used his incredible speed to intercept one of the gremlins and slice two of its arms off, before slashing its neck.
Sara quickly pulled the equinox out of the gremlin’s neck and hurled it straight into the last one's chest.
Leon scanned the area using his Vesuvian senses, “I think that was all of them.”
Sara retrieved the equinox, “Better not lose this. Arthur will kill me.”
“How are you?” Leon asked.
“My heart's pounding,” Sara answered.
“We have to move, Leon said, “Vesuvia isn't that much further.”
After several minutes of jogging, Sara asked, “How often do you run into those things?”
“This is only the second time I’ve ever had to kill one,” Leon answered.
“Only the second time?!” Sara said in disbelief.
“Don't take this the wrong way, but I don't normally travel this slowly through the forest,” Leon said, “I would have just run away if I was alone.”
Sara was beginning to get winded, “Yeah, I saw how fast you moved. That was insane.”
“'Insane' is walking through this forest,” Leon said.
“What can I say? I trained for it.” Sara replied.
“Sorry to say, but I’m hardly impressed with human survival skills,” Leon began, “Sometimes it just seems like desperation.”
“Okay, slow down,” Sara insisted.
Leon stopped, “Sorry.”
Sara took a few deep breaths, “You're like a machine or something. How do you not get tired?”
“It's in the blood,” Leon said, “As long as I have enough, I won't go crawling around like a drunkard.”
After a few seconds, Sara composed herself.
“Should be safe now,” Leon said, “We can walk from here.”
They continued side-by-side in a casual stroll.
“What are these Pelasgians like?” asked Sara.
Leon pushed through some brush, “Let's just say you've got about as many different types of Pelasgians as Vesuvian Houses. You've got ones with wings, ones with horns, and even ones with four feet, but that’s getting into specifics. Generally, their skin is a pasty light grayish color and everything else is black. Except for the eyes – those are green with a faint glow.”
“Any weaknesses?” Sara asked.
“As far as anyone knows, sunlight,” Leon answered.
“Like a Vesuvian?” Sara said.
“It won’t kill them, but they don't seem to like it,” Leon explained, “Besides that, they're vulnerable to any weapon you've got.”
“Do they have any special abilities?” Sara continued.
“Usually not,” Leon replied.
Sara scratched her neck, “Sounds like they shouldn't be too much trouble.”
Leon chuckled, “Most of Rhea thought the same of you humans. The Pelasgians fight like they live for it. They’re physically imposing and their numbers are anyone's guess. We barely managed to drive them back.”
“They invaded Rhea before?” Sara asked.
“Yes, and they would have won if every Rhean hadn't joined together. We lost a lot of good people in that war. Many call it the Dark Era.” Leon paused for a moment, “You could say we got lucky.”
CHAPTER TWELVE

After a few hours of traveling, Sara noticed that night seemed to come much sooner than usual. Before long, she and Leon finally emerged from the forest. They stood at the edge of a huge valley.
Sara couldn't believe her eyes. A city much bigger than any she had ever seen or heard of lay within the valley, with an enormous cloud blocking out the sun. At various points in the distance, she spotted what looked like the tallest watchtowers on the planet. Further off, she could barely see the silhouette of the massive, taller buildings.
“Welcome to Vesuvia,” Leon said.
“How big is this place?” Sara asked.
“We need to get to the center. Walking, it'd take about three days.” Leon said.
Sara grabbed Leon by the arm, “Three days just to reach the center?! Gaia’s largest city is just a day from one end to the other.”
“That's because you humans like to spread yourselves around, but lucky for us we aren’t walking,” Leon said.
“Horses?” Sara asked.
“Don't have anything like those. You'll see. Follow me,” Leon said, leading Sara to a nature-made path into the valley. Several Vesuvian guards watched as they passed by and entered the city.
For Sara, it was entering unknown territory, and it was a little exciting for her. Vesuvians stared at her as if it was the first time they'd ever seen a human, and for most, it was.
The area had a country-like feel to it, with animals Sara had never seen before wandering around pens just off the dirt path.
A Vesuvian farmer, a woman with tattoos on her arms and face, stepped out of a small shack nearby. She had a strange device in her hand and stuck it onto one of the farm animal's neck. The animal squealed for a second, and then went on about its business.
Sara could see a small container on the device collecting blood from the animal.
“Don't worry,” Leon said, “It'll be fine. These animals are much more valuable alive than dead, so they're very well taken care of.”
“You farm them for blood?” asked Sara.
“Yes,” Leon replied, “The farmers store it, or turn it into something harder like a blood marble to carry around.
Sara looked on at all the animals, “How much do you have to drink to live?”
“On a full stomach we can live for years, but when we use it to do things you humans find impossible, it's a rare commodity.”
“So, blood is everything,” Sara asked, “Without it, you couldn’t move so fast, or lift heavy stuff.”
“Among other things, pretty much,” Leon said.
“Has it ever been a problem?” Sara asked.
“It wasn't called the Dark Era for nothing,” Leon answered.
One of the larger farm animals suddenly roared and burst through a pen like a bull, charging at Sara. It didn't have horns, but much of its body was covered in exoskeleton armor.
Sara froze. There was nowhere to run except back, but as fast as the animal was running there was no point.
Leon pulled Sara behind him.
The farmer quickly jumped the fence and ran between them and the animal. She stared at the oncoming animal, her eyes turning completely black. The animal skidded to an abrupt stop inches from plowing through the trio.
“Sorry 'bout that. Your smell’s a bit strange to him.” The farmer said, then following the animal back to the pen.
“You okay, Sara?” Leon asked, “You're shaking a little bit there.”
“And you're not?!” Sara said.
Leon gave a little shrug.
“How far till we pass all this?” Sara asked.
“Just a few minutes,” Leon said, “The farms are only at the outer edge of the city.”
Sara calmed herself as she walked with Leon, “How did that lady do that? That animal could have easily torn us apart.”
“She's a Liro,” Leon said, “They have a way with animals, not to mention they can turn into them, too.”
“But how can you tell exactly?” Sara asked.
“Aside from the fact it didn't kill her,” Leon answered, “Most Liros will be covered in tattoos. The shoulder-length hair and prickly attitude sealed the deal.”
“You can control animals?” Sara asked.
“Me? No,” Leon replied, “Only thing I got from them was a semi-final form, which comes with heightened senses. I can't completely transform, though.”
“So, the House you're born into determines what abilities you have?” Sara asked.
“Yes, and even then, it depends on age and practice,” Leon responded.
Sara looked behind and saw someone following a short distance, keeping a close eye on them, “Who's the escort?”
Leon kept his eye's forward, “What does he look like?”
“Like he eats too much red meat,” Sara mentioned.
“He's of House Remia,” Leon said, “Extremely strong and extremely fast. A group of them can put a building up in no time!”
Sara noticed they were headed in the direction of a watchtower. The closer they got, the more unbelievably tall it seemed, “The Houses are that distinct, huh? Which House was Bekal from?”
“Kanara,” Leon replied, “They like to mess with your head.”
“What do you mean?” Sara asked.
“Bekal could have put you in a trance, maybe,” Leon said, “Older members of the House can cause anything from hallucinations to memory loss to possession.”
“How can I tell when I see one?” Sara asked.
Leon thought for a moment, “It’s more difficult with them. Their outward appearance isn't influenced by their abilities.”
The closer they got to the watchtower, the harder it was for Sara to take her eyes off it. She could see a set of cables extending from the tower to another far off in the distance, “Leon, what in the world is this?”
“Remember when you asked how we would reach the center of the city?” Leon said.
“I'm starting to wonder if I want to know,” Sara replied.
“Towers!” Leon exclaimed.
Sara looked at Leon, “What?”
“We call'em towers,” Leon said.
“That's original.” Sara shook her head.
They walked into the base of the tower and entered a large basket connected to ropes that went all the way to the top. With a quick jerk, the basket quickly began to go up.
When they reached the top, Sara could see for miles in all directions.
A Vesuvian working the winch locked it in place so the basket wouldn't fall and grabbed a lever, “Ready?” he asked.
“Hang on,” Leon said.
Sara grabbed the basket's support ropes and braced herself.
With a nod from Leon, the Vesuvian pulled the lever, sending the basket off on its way along a set of cables.
It was only a matter of seconds till the basket was racing through the air.
Leon was leaned against the edge of the basket with his legs crossed, slightly amused.
Sara, however, was hit with an adrenaline rush she'd never experienced before. She looked down and saw the buildings far below zooming past.
A good minute later, they reached the next tower.
Leon pointed to continue on.
The Vesuvian manning the tower worked several winches and pulled a lever to send the basket further into the city.
At this point, Sara began to see a few other baskets in the distance traveling between towers. After the sixth, she could see even more racing through the air, “This is neat!” She said.
Leon looked over the edge, “Almost there.”
After several more towers, Leon pointed down, instructing the Vesuvian to lower the basket.
Sara stepped out, “We definitely have to do that again!”
“Perhaps, maybe on the way back,” Leon said, “There’s going to be a lot of people here so try to keep up.”
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Before stepping out of the tower, Sara could certainly tell that more hustle and bustle was going on in the city. She stuck close to Leon as they passed numerous Vesuvians, some minding her, others not paying any attention at all.
Carl, clearly of House Remia, stepped in front of Leon and Sara, “I don't care what you say,” he said, “You're getting an escort whether you like it or not.”
“Just tell them to keep their distance,” Leon said, walking around Carl.
Even at mid-evening and with the sun completely blocked, Sara could see everything as well as on a gloomy day. The size of the buildings impressed her the most. Many were several dozen stories high.
Before long they were standing in front of the tallest building in Vesuvia. It was so massive it actually looked like several buildings put together.
“Here we are,” Leon said.
“The Council is inside this building?” Sara asked, looking up in awe, “I hope you have something other than stairs.”
“I hate to disappoint you this time but...” Leon smiled.
Sara's shoulders dropped like anchors.
“It won't take too long,” said Leon, leading the way.
Inside, the building was well lit with torches. At both sides of the lobby were dozens of circular nooks with a platform inside.
Leon and Sara stepped into one. A small tug on a rope, coming from a hole in the ceiling and into the floor, sent the platform on its way up.
“You should have seen the look on your face,” Leon said.
Sara did her best not to smile, “You're a joker, huh?”
The platform moved much slower than the baskets between the towers. The sound of gears turning was a clue as to how it all worked. With each floor that passed, Sara could see some of what went on. Much of what she saw though were smaller lobbies for that floor, but the rest seemed strange – one floor had literally a giant pool of blood. Another reminded Sara of the ballroom at the Citadel. In others, the various Houses worked hard at mastering their powers.
“What exactly goes on here?” Sara asked.
“It's a highly exclusive building for the elite, but not like your Elites,” Leon said, “Here we have the older, more powerful Vesuvians who've earned the privilege to reside here.”
“How about you? Do you have a place here?” Sara asked.
“No,” Leon answered, “I'm only allowed in here 'cause my parents are in the Council. But there really isn’t much you can do here that you can't do elsewhere.”
“Then why bother?” Sara asked.
Leon continued, “Well...it's like I said, the best are here. You can go to another building and they'll have pretty much the same facilities, but Vesuvians there won't be as powerful as the ones here.”
“So, are all Vesuvians are trying to get in this one tower?” Sara asked.
“No, no, no,” Leon answered, “Only a small fraction even tries, and of those that do make it, even fewer wind up here.”
The platform finally reached the top. Sara was reminded of the Great Hall. At the center of an enormous room, seven Vesuvians sat or stood about a huge, triangular table.
“Have a seat,” Alexia said. The one thing that immediately stuck out to Sara was her red highlights flowing through her black hair.
“Good evening, Leon,” said Sagan, an Orlok. He was grotesque almost beyond words. He had no hair whatsoever, wrinkly skin, pointy ears, and a mouthful of sharp teeth.
“I see why it took you so long to get back,” Denzso said. He appeared similar in age to Arthur, but his biceps alone were the size of a child’s head.
Everyone sat, Sara with Leon on one side and Marus on the other.
“I'd like you all to meet Sara,” Leon said.
Marus was almost covered completely from head-to-toe in clothing. The oddity being a long trench coat with a popped collar that went up to his eyes, gloves, and a tricorne hat, “Pleasure to meet you,” he said, “It's been some time since I've seen a human.”
“As you can see,” Leon began, “Each person here belongs to a different House. Marus here is a Turin. Alexia is a Doran. You probably guessed what Houses Denzso and Sagan are from. Gavin over there is a Liro. This pretty lady here from the Kanara is Helen, and the half-naked Siena there is Jaren.”
Sara looked over at Jaren. He was shirtless, reclined in his seat with both feet on the table. With a grin, he winked and quickly flickered his tongue at her.
Sara recoiled slightly, “I thought everyone on the Council was old.”
“What you consider old may as well be a toddler to us,” Helen said, “Everyone here is at least a thousand years old.”
“Oy!” said Gavin, “I got four years till I cross that line! Not that I care what any yous think, but I take pride in being the young one here.”
“Gavin, please,” Helen said, tiredly, “Leon, we were beginning to think something happened to you.”
Denzso sighed, “Tomorrow we have Khothu and Hegiran representatives meeting with us to discuss our options on how to deal with the invasion.”
“Excuse me,” Sara interrupted, “I understand the concern for your afterlife, but how does it affect you here, now? Aren't your dead capable of fending for themselves? There must be countless Rheans who've passed over. I'm sure if they joined forces-”
“It's a little more complicated than that,” Leon said.
Alexia spoke, “When we cross over, we become immortal, however, we lose our inherent abilities. With the invasion of the Pelasgians, many are being driven to portals that lead back to Rhea. Our dead can only exist for several days here before they completely decay, and reemerge in the Netherworld. It is only a matter of time before the Pelasgians begin to overrun them and we're stuck with a refugee crisis we can't handle.”
Sara asked, “Not to sound heartless, but if push comes to shove, can't you close the portals?”
“No,” Alexia answered, “The ruler of the Netherworld, Lilith, opened them. She is the only one who can close them. Aside from that, it's very much in our best interests to help Lilith.”
“Where do the humans stand?” Denzso asked.
“My people need me to verify all of this and for the time being have extended an offer of truce,” Sara said.
Denzso laughed, “I suppose it'll take nothing less than seeing the Shadow Realm for yourself?”
“It'd certainly help,” Sara said.
“You're tired, Sara,” Helen said, “Perhaps after some rest, you can join us tomorrow with the Khothu and the Hegiran. Maybe with some input from them, you won't have to undertake such a dangerous quest.”
Sara wasn't about to argue with a mind reader. 'Tired' was an understatement. She couldn’t stop thinking about a bed, “I can't wait to see my room.”
“Stay with Leon,” Jaren said, “Word of your arrival has already spread throughout the city. You'll be safest with him. As unfortunate as it is, certain individuals may find the smell of human blood irresistible.”
“Aye,” Gavin said, “They'll think twice before messin’ with Leon.”
Denzso stood, “This meeting is adjourned, then. Leon, we'll send for you and Sara tomorrow.”
“I've got a guest room you can use,” Leon said to Sara.
“So, where's your place at?” Sara asked as they exited the building.
“Just down the street, this way,” Leon said, leading on.
There came a point during the short walk when they came to a small clearing with a house sitting on a hill. It was extremely odd because it seemed out of place with so many huge buildings surrounding it.
“That's your house?” Sara asked.
“Sure is,” Leon said, “It's been a long time since I've had any guests.”
When they entered, Leon placed his sword with others just like it on a wall.
Among the swords, Sara noticed several dozen small glaives with the blades retracted.
“The guest room is upstairs, down the hall, on the left,” Leon said, lying down on a couch, “Have a good night.”
Sara started up the stairs, “See you tomorrow.” In the guest room, she placed her items on a dresser before sliding into bed and falling into a deep sleep.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The next day, Sara woke thinking at first she'd slept only a few hours. It took a second for her to remember no sunlight touched the city. Light coming through the window was much the same as the day before.
After a quick wash, Sara grabbed her stuff and made haste down the stairs to find Leon filling a tiny reservoir in a glaive with his blood, and speaking with a woman dressed in clothes that almost revealed too much.
“I... hope I'm not interrupting,” Sara said.
“Sara, this is my friend, Caycee.” Leon said, attaching the blood glaive to the clothing on his torso.
“Hello.” Caycee waved.
“Let me guess, Kanara?” Sara asked.
“Siena.” Caycee corrected.
“Not bad,” Leon said, “The power of the Siena and Kanara both come from the mind, but the Siena have a very special gift. Call it intuition, or foresight.”
“If you ever lose anything, or want your fortune read, just see me,” Caycee said.
“You can see the future?” Sara asked.
There was a short pause as Caycee tried to think of a way to explain. Nervously interlocking her hands, she said, “Well, not yet, but I can tell you how I feel.”
“She gives very good advice.” Leon clarified.
“What did you get from them?” asked Sara.
“The Siena,” Leon said, “You could call it a sixth sense. It made me a little paranoid at first, but eventually, I got used to it. Now, it's more like what you would call a gut feeling.”
Sara then asked, “What about that woman with the red dye in her hair?”
“Alexia,” Leon said, “All of the Doran are born with streaks of red in their hair. It probably has something to do with their power over blood.”
“And Marus?” Sara asked.
Caycee answered, “You can thank the Turin for the perpetual cloud over the city. And if you think they overdress then you should see their section of the city – completely covered in fog so thick you can't see ten feet in front of you. They’re insanely paranoid about the sun.”
Just then there was a knock at the door.
“It's open!” Leon said.
A Vesuvian stepped in, “The Council wants to see you.”
Leon looked at Sara, “Are you ready?”
“Yeah,” Sara answered.
At the Council's table, for the first time, Sara saw a Khothu and Hegiran, two of each in fact. Both were just as the descriptions she had read.
The Khothu were lizard people with skin similar to humans, but with small scales on various parts of their bodies. Both wore medieval-style clothing with some leather armor and a mask pulled back over their heads. The blue male, Gillan, sat as he casually spun a sai in one hand. Next to him was Kamala, a female with green scales and two short battle-axes holstered to her waist.
The Hegiran was in fact made of two races: The Anubians and the Persians. Nedim, a tall, lanky Anubian male had grayish skin. He was sparsely decorated in gold, light armor on top of white tattered clothing wrapped around his body. His only weapon, at his side, was a long knife.
The female Persian was Janah, a sultry humanoid feline with even skimpier clothing than Caycee. As far as felines went, her 'pattern' was like that of a cheetah. She was armed with two short swords holstered across her back.
“Kamala, have your people had any problems with the invasion?” Alexia asked.
“Nothing too bad yet,” Kamala answered, “We've had some of our undead seeking temporary shelter. With the loss of their ability to control the elements, they don't have much to fight against the Pelasgians.”
“The weapons we do carry are meant to be secondary to our powers,” Gillan added.
“It's a similar story with us,” Nedim said, “While we can equip those who've crossed over, a sword in the hands of one who's only known the power of the cosmos isn't much help.”
“That's speaking for the Anubians, of course,” Janah said, “Aside from the Prometheans, the Fenrir, and your Turin, the Persians can hold their own.”
Alexia stood and began to walk around the table, “I guess the most important question to ask is why would the Pelasgians invade the Netherworld? We all know that many years ago they threatened us directly, and we managed to stop them.”
“It makes no sense,” said Nedim, “A war with the Netherworld seems pointless. Logic suggests the Pelasgians would eventually lose by attrition.”
Kamala spoke, “But the number of Pelasgians is enough to occupy the Netherworld for a long time. That kind of pressure is going to cause a lot of refugees to keep pouring into Rhea.”
Gillan crossed his arms, “I don't see the big deal. If we beat them before, we should be able to stop them again.”
Janah slammed her fists on the table and stood, “Why does everyone say 'we stopped the Pelasgians'?”
“Janah, please.” Nedim pleaded.
“No,” Janah said, “Everyone knows the Pelasgians stopped because they stopped. Why? That's what worries me. And now, they're coming at us again when we're even more helpless!”
The room fell silent. Sara felt the hairs on the back of her neck sticking straight out.
“Janah speaks the truth,” Alexia said.
Gillan cleared his throat, “So, who's the human if I may ask?”
“I'm Sara,” she answered.
Alexia stood by Sara, “The humans possess a vast number of skilled warriors which may prove vital to our survival. Like it or not, we need their help.”
Denzso slumped in his chair and sighed, “Still want to see the Shadow Realm, Sara?”
With both hands flat on the table and eyes darting back and forth, Sara explained, “Okay, look...it's not that I don't believe you, but...I... there’s no way I can just go back and tell my leaders that I think you're telling the truth. I have to go back completely sure.”
“Very well,” Denzso said, “There's a portal in the ruins of the Promethean capital. That's the only way.”
“I'll take her,” Leon said.
“Do you require an escort?” Marus asked.
“No,” Leon said, “An escort from you is like a legion. Fewer people will have an easier time getting in and out unnoticed.”
Kamala stood, “Leon, Gillan, and I would like to join you.”
“And we as well,” Nedim said.
Leon thought for a moment, “If you're absolutely sure about this, pack your bags. We leave immediately.”
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The group stepped out of a tower at the edge of the city.
Leon gathered everyone's attention, “There's an underground passage through the Southern Mountains. I'll lead the way.”
Walking with Nedim, Sara asked, “So, how did the Persians and Anubians come together?”
“It was during the Ancient War,” Nedim began, “Long before the Pelasgians ever stepped foot on Rhea. At that time, the other races were more powerful than either of us. My people and the Persians realized the only way to survive was to join forces. That's how Hegira was formed.”
“Leon said Rhea united when the Pelasgians invaded,” Sara said.
“That was only temporary,” Nedim replied, “It'll probably be the same thing this time too.”
Several yards ahead, Leon and Janah led the way.
“We both know the dangers involved,” Leon said.
“That's why I volunteered,” Janah said, “You always get the exciting stuff.”
“Janah,” Leon said bewildered, “You've never even seen a Pelasgian, and I'll tell you right now, nothing is exciting about them.”
Janah grinned, “To be honest, as nervous as I am, I've always wanted to kill one.”
Leon laughed, “You're a great fighter, Janah. I'll give you that, but don't underestimate the Pelasgians.”
“Sara just needs to see the Shadow Realm, right,” Janah asked. “Avoiding any Pelasgian should be no problem. One step in, one step out.”
“Well, my friend let me tell you from experience,” Leon answered, “It's never that easy. Plans never go according to plan.”
“Then I have to ask,” Janah said, “What kind of trouble do you think we can expect?”
“I could ask you the same,” Leon said, “Go ahead and try to think the worse and I bet you it'll be a lot worse.”
Kamala and Gillan were only a few feet behind Sara and Nedim.
“So, Sara, you're a Guardian?” Gillan asked, “I've heard stories of your fighting prowess.”
Sara cocked an eyebrow, “I see my reputation precedes me.”
“I'm sure!” Gillan laughed.
“We've all heard of how cunning the Guardians can be,” Kamala said, “There are stories of how a small group of you once disguised yourselves and spied on us for several days. That’s why no one is allowed to wear their mask in the city anymore.”
Sara was stunned, “Really? I never heard of any assignment like that. Did you catch them?”
“No,” Kamala answered, “They escaped, or that’s what they say. I don't know how we would survive without our ability to control the elements.”
“Can I see that?” Sara asked.
Slowing her pace, Kamala looked to the ground. With a wave of her hand, a melon-sized rock quickly floated over and hovered in mid-air just in front of her, “My caste, the Komodo, can control the earth.”
“I've heard.” Sara said, “The Typhon can control fire. The Draco, air. And the Leviathan-”
“Water,” Gillan said, forming a perfect, floating sphere of water in the palm of his hand.
Sara looked in awe, “Wait a minute. Where did that water come from? I thought you had to be within a certain distance.”
“Believe it or not, it's in the air all around you,” Gillan said, “In small amounts, of course.”
“Well, good to know dehydration won't be a problem,” Sara said, opening her canteen and holding it out for Gillan to place the water in.
Kamala cast the rock aside, “Of course, we have limits. Much like the Vesuvians, our level of control depends on the amount of practice.”
“At least you don't need to drink blood,” Sara said.
Kamala and Gillan cringed at the thought.
The group passed the boundary of the city. Several yards away was an outcrop of boulders surrounding the entrance to an underground tunnel.
“Oy!” A Vesuvian cried out, running towards the group with Caycee right behind him.
“Darek?!” Leon said, “What are you doing?”
“We're coming with, lad,” Darek answered.
Caycee was a little bit more dressed up, armed with a bow and arrows, and a rapier.
“I never would have figured you for an archer,” Sara said passively.
Caycee held her arms out and bowed, “In case you haven't heard, the Siena are the greatest archers in the world.”
Leon scratched his head, “By the time we get to the Shadow Realm, we're going to have an army.”
Darek grabbed Leon by the shoulder, “Why do you always want to go it alone?”
“The fewer people I have to worry about, the better,” Leon replied, “I'm going to take the lead, you cover the back.”
“Sure thing,” Darek said.
“Sara,” Leon called, “It’s going to be dark.”
Sara quickly gathered the material and used her flint to light the torches. In the cave, she could only see a few yards in front of her.
At first, the cave was short and narrow, but after several minutes, they came to sections that were as large as several houses and some that were absolutely enormous. Openings in the earth allowed for some extra light.
Sara was near the back of the group by Caycee and Darek, “Do you use this cave often?” she asked.
“Not anymore, really,” Caycee said, “It's part of a much bigger system. There are dozens of ways in and out.”
“You could move an army through these caves,” Darek said.
After several hours, they came to a huge area with an amazing waterfall. A short distance further was a campsite with several large piles of wood strewn about.
“We'll rest here,” Leon said.
The group set up a small campfire and told stories.
“So, there we were,” Gillan spoke, “The Typhon against the Leviathan. It was the final match to see who would be the grand champion. Fire against water!”
Kamala laughed, “You're never going to let it go, are you? You just love telling this story.”
“It's a good story!” Gillan insisted, “Anyways, the Typhon had to melt the Leviathan Glacier, and we had to stop the Typhon Komigi eruption. The Typhon were spitting their fire all over the place, pretty much engulfing the whole thing. We called up a huge storm around the mountain. Both sides were going at it for almost four minutes until-”
Kamala couldn't resist, “Until Gillan thought it would be a good idea to take the Glacier and cap the Komigi with it!”
Gillan pumped both fists in the air, “We won!”
“Please!” Kamala waved.
“I got bonus points for originality!” Gillan declared.
“If ever there was a cheat,” Kamala said.
“Hey, the Typhon could have just as easily used Komigi to melt the Glacier.” Gillan pointed out.
Kamala turned to Sara, “It caused the biggest uproar in the history of the Element Games.”
Several in the group laughed.
“It sounds like your people are very powerful,” said Sara.
“Young Gillan here is considered something of a prodigy actually,” Kamala said.
Janah snickered, “Tell Sara about your Hybrid.”
Nedim groaned tiredly and lied down.
“Hybrid?” Sara wondered.
“A famous Khothu legend, “Gillan answered.
“My kind likes to tell stories about one who mastered all the elements,” Kamala said.
“It's hard enough learning one element, let alone four,” Gillan added.
Kamala nodded, “But it's becoming very common to find Khothu that can control two elements fluently. And there are a few old ones that know three.”
“Wow.” Sara said, “A Hybrid would be very powerful.”
Kamala nodded, “That's what makes it a legend.”
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

The group was on the move next morning.
Sara walked in back with Caycee and Darek.
Caycee, with her power of intuition, knew something was on Sara's mind and asked, “What are you curious about?”
Slightly unnerved, Sara stopped, allowing most of the group up front to move on before continuing, “Leon,” she answered.
“What about him?” Caycee asked.
“He said he belongs to all of the Houses, but I don't see how that's possible,” Sara replied.
“Intriguing, isn't it?” Darek said.
“Don't worry,” Caycee said, “It's understandable. Leon isn't a Vesuvian like us. He wasn't born as much as he was created.”
“What do you mean?” Sara asked.
“When the Pelasgians invaded Rhea,” Caycee began, “It wasn't enough that they outnumbered us. They had a group of three warriors called Myrmidons. No one could stand against them. The Council didn't want to risk their lives, so they came up with the idea of creating a special Vesuvian.”
“Leon?” Sara asked.
“Yes,” Caycee said, “Blood was taken from each member of the Council. Alexia used her power to create Leon, but...I mean...not to say that it backfired. The thing is that he kinda turned out to be a better weapon against his own people. Some of his powers are similar to the Houses', but he has other abilities that defy what should be possible for even the strongest Vesuvian.”
Sara was definitely intrigued, “Like what?” she asked.
“Sunlight, for instance,” Caycee said. “It would kill any other Vesuvian almost immediately, but it doesn't affect him, and there're rumors that he can control it.”
Darek laughed, “They call it the Vesuvian Starlight. But I think Leon was just messin’ 'round in his house, and that’s if it really happened, which I doubt. If you ask me, the Turin slipped up.”
“No way,” Caycee said, “Marus insisted that there was no break in the cloud, and there are a few people who claim they not only saw it come from Leon’s house but they were actually burned by it.”
Darek shook his head, “Too bad our bodies quickly heal; else they might have been able to prove it.”
Sara asked, “So, what exactly went wrong with Leon?”
“No one knows.” Caycee answered, “He fought the Myrmidons several times, but he could never beat them.”
“Then why not make more Vesuvians like Leon?” Sara asked.
“There's no way that'll ever happen.” Caycee said, “It's his power, the Council is afraid of it. Why make it worse? Besides, when the Pelasgians backed off, the Council had no use for Leon, so they put him in charge of making sure no one ran off in the middle of the night making bedtime visits.”
“Are you afraid of him?” Sara asked.
“Nah,” Darek answered, “He's a good bloke.”
“Admired by the young, resented by the old,” Caycee added.
The group emerged from the cave into a large canyon with a fast-flowing river and the sun’s rays beaming down, until only Caycee and Darek were left.
“Oy!” Darek cried.
“We're stuck here 'til the sun passes,” Caycee said.
Leon threw his head back in frustration.
Darek shook his head, “Here I thought you had a plan.”
“I did!” Leon retorted, “It just didn't include you two.”
Sulking against the cave wall, Darek said, “Walk slow.”
Sara observed the sun's position, “Either way we go it won't be safe to come out until the sun sets.”
“We need to move on.” Leon said, “Caycee, you know the way so catch up as soon as you can. Kamala, Gillan, bring up the rear.”
Several hours passed as the group made its way through the canyon.
Walking with Leon, Sara asked, “Do you ever get nervous about what you might run into?”
“Not really,” Leon answered, “You?”
“I find this kind of exciting,” Sara said. “I never thought I'd be on an assignment with a bunch of Rheans.”
“I've got a feeling this won't be the last time,” Leon said.
“I hope so,” Sara said, “Any other assignment would pale in comparison.”
“Any other assignment would be a whole lot safer than this one,” said Leon.
“True, but being a Ranger isn't exactly the safest job,” Sara said, nimbly following Leon around a few large rocks, “I've been meaning to ask how you learned to fight. You're like a warrior monk from the Synchin Mountains.”
“The Turin,” Leon answered, “They may not look it, but when it comes to skill – they're the best.”
At that moment three large people emerged from around several rocks ahead of the group: two males, one female. Each was at least seven feet tall and muscular. Their clothing was unkempt and their skin had a decayed appearance.
“Prometheans,” Leon said, concerned.
Sara reached for her equinox.
“No,” Leon whispered sternly.
Janah came up behind Sara, “Whatever you do, don't do anything hostile. These guys hate everyone and love to fight.”
The Prometheans, Arloff, Lugos, and Elsa, approached the group. As they got closer, they spread themselves out to block anyone from going anywhere but back.
“Leave this place,” Arloff demanded.
Leon spoke, “We're not here to fight, but we have to move on.”
“No one is allowed to trespass!” Arloff said.
“Please,” Nedim pleaded, “We are trying to stop the invasion in the Netherworld.”
“Which means we're trying to help you,” Leon said.
“No!” Arloff growled, “We may be dead, but this is still our land. We don't need your help!”
“We need to get to the Netherworld.” said Leon, “Your portal is the only one we know of.”
Arloff's naturally menacing look became even more so when he asked, “You want to go to the Netherworld?”
Leon stepped back, “Yeah, but-”
“Then I'll send you there!” Arloff yelled as he swung at Leon, who just barely managed to get out of the way.
Nedim, unable to react fast enough, was grazed by Arloff's forearm, knocking him unconscious.
Elsa charged in.
“Move!” Janah said as she and Sara jumped in different directions to avoid the attack.
Lugos went after Kamala and Gillan.
Using her ability to control the earth, Kamala launched a horse-size rock at Lugos, only for him to crash through it without stopping.
“Oh!” Gillan said, astonished.
Lugos came within a few feet when Kamala opened a crack in the ground big enough for him to trip over, though he quickly got back up, growling in anger.
Arloff's frustration grew with each attempt to hit Leon. Every swing either missed or shattered rock.
Leon took the first chance he had to land a series of hard blows to the gut with no effect.
Arloff quickly seized Leon and violently threw him, but Leon landed on the canyon wall like a fly and counter-attacked with a kick to Arloff’s face.
Sara and Janah took turns attacking Elsa from different angles. Their weapons slashed and pierced the skin with some difficulty, accomplishing little besides making her increasingly angry.
“I could use a little help here!” Kamala cried out, desperately launching everything she could to stop Lugos, only to have every pebble and rock simply bounce or crumble against his body.
Gillan drew forth a powerful stream of water from the river, sweeping Lugos off his feet.
The impact of a large Promethean hitting the ground threw plenty of debris around.
Sara, backpedaling away from Elsa at that moment, slipped and fell.
Without hesitation, Janah jumped on Elsa's back and tried to choke her with one arm while blinding her with the other, giving Sara the chance she needed to get back up and out of the way.
Arloff was being taken apart piece by piece with every slash from Leon's sword. The first things to go were his right hand and left arm, but even then, he attacked relentlessly with his legs – until Leon cut those off too, leaving Arloff an undead pile of limbs.
Elsa stumbled around with Janah holding tight.
Sara jumped in, driving her equinox into Elsa's gut. The blade exited out her back, narrowly missing Janah's legs.
“Whoa!” Janah hollered.
Elsa, partially blinded, managed to grab hold of Sara while inadvertently falling into the river.
Unable to help, Leon yelled, “Gillan!”
Seeing the women being swept downriver, Gillan immediately jumped in.
Lugos turned his full attention to Kamala. Standing only a few yards away, he was about to make his move when a yellow ball of energy burst through his torso, causing so much damage, his body simply couldn't function and collapsed.
It was then Kamala saw Nedim standing with yellow smoke emanating from his hand.
Gillan moved through the water with incredible speed. After easily catching up with Sara and Janah, he grabbed both and used his abilities to wash them ashore.
After catching their breath, Sara and Janah were back on their feet.
Leon stood by, “You two okay?”
Janah gave a thumbs-up.
“Thanks, Gillan,” Sara said exhausted. She holstered her equinox, “Geez, I hope we don't run into those guys again.”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Night fell. Moving with a sense of purpose, the group had found its way out of the canyon. Now, with their hooded cloaks on, they were on rocky terrain that was uneven and littered with dead trees. Light rain and fog set in, making it slightly difficult to see.
Leon was some distance ahead making sure no surprises were waiting for the group.
Sara, Kamala, and Nedim worked together through the dead forest’s maze of trees, bull-size rocks, and thick brush. Further behind, Gillan and Janah made sure nothing was following them.
Kamala struggled up an incline, “I hope it's not much further.”
Sara took hold of Kamala's arm to help, “After that run-in with those guys back there I don't see the hurry. Isn't it their city we're going to?”
“Yeah,” Kamala said, “It should be mostly abandoned, but with everything that's going on I wouldn't be surprised to be surprised.”
“So, what's their deal?” Sara asked.
“Long story short, the Pelasgians wiped them out,” Kamala answered, “We're in what used to be their land.”
“That big, ugly guy made it sound like it still is,” Sara said.
“Their portal lets them come back whenever they want,” Kamala said, “No one even knew what happened to them until after the war, and everyone agrees this land is even less safe now that they’re undead. The Fenrir around here know that better than anyone.”
Sara became somewhat anxious, “Fenrir? You don’t think we’ll run into one, do you?”
“Out here? I can’t believe we haven't run into a whole pack of them yet,” Kamala said.
A howl could be heard not far off in the distance, followed by what sounded like a small explosion.
Leon crouched by a large rock and waved for the group to catch up. Everyone scampered over to him as quickly as possible.
“I was hoping to avoid these guys,” said Janah.
“We might be able to,” Leon said, “It sounds like someone is fighting. It's a little hard to see, but the city is right in front of us. We just have to lay low and stick close together.”
Leon led the way past several rocks and trees. As they got closer to the city, its ruins began to show through the fog. The sounds of grunting and growling could be heard, along with the occasional cracking of stone and smashing of glass.
The group ducked into the nearest building.
“Everyone against the wall,” Leon instructed, “Stay away from the windows.”
“It sounds like there are a lot of them,” Nedim said.
“There's a way out back that should take us to an alley,” Leon said, “We can use it to get most of the way there.”
“Now wait just a minute,” Sara demanded, “How far is it?”
“Don't worry,” Leon assured, “If we're where I think we are, it should just be a few minutes away.”
The building suddenly shook.
“This way,” Leon said, heading towards the back.
Running down the alley, Sara looked between the buildings as she passed and caught glimpses of the battle.
The group came to a halt at an intersection with a street. Huddling against the wall, they looked on as a Promethean and three Fenrir were in a standoff.
The Fenrir were vicious little things that looked like a cross between a wolf and a chimpanzee. Their attire consisted of clothing that exposed their arms and lower legs; along with earrings, bracelets, and necklaces, “Go back where you belong!” one of them growled.
The Promethean roared, “This is our city!”
At once, the three Fenrir charged in. With their razor-sharp claws and teeth, they latched onto the Promethean.
Sara almost felt sorry.
But, being undead, the Promethean felt nothing. He pulled the Fenrir stuck to his face off and tossed him like a cannonball through a wall. Then, with each hand, he pulled the other two off and slammed them together before throwing one to the ground and kicking him down the street. With a punch to the chest, the last one went sailing over a building past Sara and the group.
The Fenrir thrown into a building, as well as the one kicked down the street, came running back at the Promethean, relentless in their attack.
At the back of the group, Gillan looked again at the flight path of the third Fenrir. His eyes found themselves very close to the opposite end of the alley. To his horror, the Fenrir came skidding into the alley like a nightmare. Gasping in terror, Gillan yelled, “Run!”
Without question, or even looking, the whole group blew past Leon in an effort to reach the next alley.
Leon almost stumbled forward as the group rushed by. Glancing back to see the threat, he too made a run for it.
Though the Fenrir had certainly seen the group, he continued to attack the Promethean.
Leon instantly ran to the front of the group to stop them from going any further. Throwing his arms out, he asked, “Do you even know where you're going?” To which there was no reply, “Keep your wits. We're almost there.”
As soon as Leon turned to move on, a Fenrir leaped at him from the shadows. With unfathomable reflexes, he grabbed the Fenrir in midair by the neck and arm.
With his free hand, the Fenrir managed to swipe at Leon a few times across the shoulder and arm.
Before anyone else could react, another female Promethean came crashing into the alley from a wall behind them, a Fenrir attacking one of her legs. While pulling at the Fenrir, she smashed into the surrounding buildings.
At the far end of the alley, two more Fenrir charged in, their sights set on the group.
“What now!” Janah cried.
Not knowing where to go and afraid to get in Leon's way, everyone braced themselves.
One of the Fenrir jumped at Sara and came within inches of her face when an arrow struck it in the eye, killing it instantly.
Sara turned to see it was Caycee who'd fired the shot.
Darek ran into the alley, morphing into a human-bat hybrid with more hair, pointy ears, sharp claws, and bigger fangs. When he met the last Fenrir head-on, both clawed and gnawed at each other like the animals they were.
Leon repeatedly slammed the Fenrir against a wall with no effect. With claws sunk fairly deep in his arm, Leon dare not let go. It took Sara to ram a talon into the Fenrir's head to free him.
As Darek wrestled with the Fenrir, Caycee took aim and fired with perfect timing.
Struck in the back by a silver arrow, the Fenrir whimpered and buckled, allowing Darek to toss him aside.
“Glad to see you,” Leon said.
Unable to talk in his current form, Darek responded with the universal hand sign for 'okay'.
The group continued their run for the portal, passing half-a-dozen fights between the Fenrir and Prometheans. Turning into a street, they were fortunate in that it was empty.
Hunkering among the ruins, all eyes were on Leon. As he peeked around a corner, Sara asked, “How are we?”
“Give it a second,” Leon answered, pointing to the center of a dilapidated plaza some distance off.
Orange in color and seething with energy, the arch-shaped portal exploded into existence with a single Promethean emerging from it and running off to battle. The portal then vanished as quickly as it appeared.
Leon turned to the group, “As soon as we get close, it should open up.”
“You sure?” Nedim asked, “No levers, no chants?”
“I've gone through it once or twice myself,” Leon asked.
“Then let's not waste any more time,” Sara said, “Those Fenrir are almost as bad as the Prometheans.”
Leon stepped out first, “Looks clear,” he said.
The sound of battle was still thick in the air.
Halfway to the portal, everyone came to a halt when it suddenly came to life with another Promethean emerging from it.
Spotting the hapless group almost instantly, the undead monstrosity charged at them like an unstoppable force.
Coming to within feet of being trampled, Gillan used the fog to create a powerful jet of water that sent the Promethean flying across the plaza and into some rubble.
“Keep moving!” Leon urged. The portal opened when he got close, but he stopped just shy of entering to see everyone through.
First Darek, then Caycee, Nedim, Janah.
As he fled, Gillan couldn't believe it when the Promethean grabbed a large chunk of debris and hurled it at him with expert precision.
Seeing her friend about to be crushed, Kamala stopped the debris in midair and cast it back to collide with the Promethean.
Sara waited with Leon as Kamala and Gillan ran through the portal. Just when she was about to enter, she spotted three Fenrir run into the plaza, “Look.” she pointed.
“Just go.” Leon said, “We'll be safe on the other side.”
Sara stepped through, with Leon close behind keeping an eye on the Fenrir.
In the blink of an eye, the world seemed to transform.
The Netherworld was a place filled with clouds in a fire-orange sky and a calm, constant wind.
The group found themselves completely surrounded by various undead Rheans in an open area of a city.
Sara looked at Leon worriedly, “You were saying?”
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Everyone just relax,” Leon said, moving closer to the dead crowd.
A Fenrir, in his alternate human-like dwarf form, approached Leon, “Hey there. Welcome to the city of Mictlán. Name’s Stig. It’s amazing you made it through the portal, with that battle going on the other side.”
Leon was about to speak before being interrupted by the portal opening and three Fenrir coming through.
“Don't move!” Leon yelled at the group, “Sara, stand still!”
“Are you crazy?!” Sara asked, barely resisting the urge to grab a weapon, as was the rest of the group.
“Do not move!” Leon insisted.
One of the Fenrir howled before making a sudden leap at Gillan with his claws and mouth wide open. However, at the last second, the Fenrir was stopped in midair by an unseen force.
Gillan, wide-eyed and trembling, fainted. Kamala and several others immediately ran to his side.
The remaining Fenrir attempted to attack the group, and like the first, they were also stopped by the same unseen force and held in place, “What is the meaning of this!” a Fenrir asked.
Leon answered, “Rule number one, no fighting.”
The Fenrir gave up and changed into their altered form. With that, the force that was holding them let go.
Stig was shocked seeing his fellow Fenrir, “Hurok?”
“Cousin!” Hurok said.
The two embraced for a moment.
Stig waved at the other two Fenrir, “Rona, Doradus. It is good to see you.”
Doradus approached Leon, asking, “Who do you think you are helping the Prometheans?”
“We're not helping them,” Leon said.
A Promethean stepped forward, “You Fenrir need to get off our land. You have no right.”
“We have every right!” Hurok said, “You're dead, Promethean! That land belongs to the living!”
Sara stood by Leon and asked, “What's going on?”
“The longest-running feud in Rhea,” Leon answered.
Nedim splashed some water from his canteen on Gillan to rouse him.
Gillan sat up and looked around, “Aww, man. I thought I was dreaming.”
Rona, the female Fenrir, approached Leon, “If you're not helping the Prometheans, then what brings you here?”
“Pelasgians,” Leon answered, “I'm sure you've heard of their little invasion here.”
Laughing lightly, Hurok said, “Who hasn't? But what do you think you're going to do?”
“We're on a mission to gather our forces,” said Leon, “If you'd like, you may join us. We're going to need all the help we can get.”
Hurok looked at Leon curiously before answering, “What exactly are you up to?”
“I'm sure Stig can tell you,” Leon answered.
“He's right.” Stig said, “The Pelasgians have invaded us. We're fighting, but it hasn't been going too well, cousin. Hurok, please help these people.”
Hesitating, Hurok held Stig by the shoulders, “The only thing better than killing a Promethean is killing a Pelasgian.”
Walking down a dirt road, the group noticed very few residents hanging around.
Caycee couldn't help to point it out, “I know this city's dead but damn.”
“Yes,” Nedim said, “The adults must be occupied with the invasion.”
Several of the children followed or ran around the group, teasing playfully as they passed by.
“I'll tell you one thing for sure.” Janah said, “I never thought I'd be walking down a street here. Not alive at least.”
“I thought we were done for sure back there,” said Sara. As she rounded a corner, she bumped into someone so hard she fell flat on her rump. Looking up to see who it was, she was shocked to see it was Arloff, followed by Elsa and Lugos.
Aside from Leon, the rest of the group stood in shock.
Arloff turned to his companions, “Bring the others back from Rhea. We must fight the Pelasgians here.”
Elsa and Lugos then ran off.
“Follow me,” Arloff said, “Lilith is waiting for you.”
Leon helped Sara up.
As they followed Arloff, Sara spoke to Leon, “I thought we killed these guys.”
“Don't you remember?” Leon asked, “When Rheans die, they become immortal. All we did was send them back here.”
Arloff led the group to what looked like the entrance of an underground shelter. After going down a flight of stairs they entered a large throne room lit by torches. It was decorated with drapes made of silk, and a floor made of shiny marble.
At the center, sitting on her throne, was Lilith. Humanoid, with small accentuations around her eyes, ears, and nose that gave her an otherworldly streamlined beauty. Clothed in a red toga, a modest amount of her smooth, light-orange skin revealed a slender body. Her curly, shoulder-length hair was as red as her dress, but the most striking feature of all was her sapphire eyes.
“Hello, Lilith,” Leon said as he approached.
After taking a moment to look at the group, Lilith spoke, “My beloved, Leon. Have you come with a solution to my...problem?”
“To be honest,” Leon answered, “I'm not sure there's much we can do right now. Sara here is of a race that may be able to help. The humans are vast in number-”
“Yes, they are.” Lilith laughed before standing and walking towards Sara, “I know very well of your race. So dearly cherished...but you are nothing compared to the Pelasgians, or even to us for that matter.”
Looking Lilith in the eye, Sara said, “I thought you were the one with the problem. For someone so powerful, it sure sounds like you're in a lot of trouble.”
Lilith leered at Leon, “This was all your idea, wasn't it,” she asked, “You, of all people, should know what we're up against. The humans are but a small part of your world – something the Pelasgians apparently eat for breakfast.”
“I know what we're up against,” said Leon, “That's why we have to take our time and look at all options.”
Lilith clenched her fists in frustration, “I really hope you're just low on blood, Leon. Time is a luxury I don't have. Surely the Savior of Rhea can come up with something better than this.”
Almost sneering, Leon said, “You asked for help, we're doing everything we can.”
For a moment Lilith seemed lost. Looking somber, she sat on her throne, “You promised me, Leon. You promised they would never find this place. You said that even if you failed...”
“It was a risk we both took,” Leon said.
Lilith shook her head, “Sara is right. Even with all my power, my influence is limited to the Rhean people.”
Sara asked, “You mean you can't do anything to the Pelasgians?”
“With my powers? No, not directly,” Lilith answered, “I can't even harm you. All I can do is give my people weapons that make little difference, and open portals for them to escape through.”
“But you're immortal. How can you lose?” Sara asked.
“Imagine being a slave for eternity,” Lilith answered, “I would call that a loss. They’ve already taken thousands and tried to assimilate my world into theirs using some kind of…something. Good thing for me it won’t work here.”
“Lilith,” Leon said, kneeling beside her, “We need a portal to the Shadow Realm so Sara can see it.”
 “You came all this way just to see the Shadow Realm?” Lilith asked.
Sara answered, “I know it sounds ridiculous to you, but my people want proof.”
Lilith smirked, “If you want to see Pelasgians, all you have to do is ask.” she said, with a doorway sprouting up from the floor itself.
The doorway showed a balcony with the Netherworld's sky in the background and the sound of a battle being waged. Lilith stepped through, “Come now, it is safe.”
Everyone walked through the doorway to find themselves on the balcony of a circular tower in one of the Netherworld's cities.
Below them, they could see thousands of residents braced for the impending flood of Pelasgians on the opposite side of the wall.
“This is the city of Gehenna,” Lilith said, “It's been under siege for two days now.”
At the forefront in the Pelasgian ranks were the human-like Corinthians armed with swords and shields. Among them were the Minotaurs – equally tall creatures with the body of a muscular man, the head of a bull, and an enormous battle-ax.
The Pelasgians firing arrows were the Centaurs.
As typical as such battles were, each side fired a continuous volley of arrows. The Pelasgians on one side were using a battering ram on the gate, while Rheans on the other made every effort to reinforce it.
Sadly, however, it would only be a matter of time till the Pelasgians would break through, roaring and snarling as they swarmed the denizens of the peaceful city.
CHAPTER NINETEEN

Back in the safety of Mictlán, Sara and most of the group were asleep in a rundown barrack.
Leon woke to the sound of the faintest whisper. Raising his head slightly he saw Nedim across the room sitting on his bed.
Making very little noise, Leon got up and went over, “You okay there?” he asked.
“I was praying,” Nedim said, opening his eyes.
Leon sat, “Does it work?”
“It helps,” Nedim replied.
After a moment, Leon said, “Horrible, what happened to those people.”
“I agree, but at least when the dead are cut down here they simply rise from the ground elsewhere.” Nedim pointed out.
“It's convenient if anything,” Leon said, “We should be getting ready to go. There's nothing we can do here.”
Just then there came a knock at the door that woke most of the group. Leon answered.
It was Arloff, “You must see Lilith.” he said, stepping aside to reveal the throne room behind him.
Everyone gathered around Lilith, “Have you ever wondered what, or who, opened those portals from the Shadow Realm?” she asked.
“I'm not sure,” Leon said, “I've never seen how it's done. No one knows.”
“I do,” Lilith smiled, “Ever since the invasion began I've been sending my own people into the Shadow Realm. They haven't had much success, but an hour ago they saw this,” she said, waving her hand to create a live image of the Shadow Realm in front of the group.
The only thing that could clearly be seen was Eris, a hairless female with a large set of raven wings hovering in midair. Her skin seemed to be made of black latex and her face was almost completely featureless, aside from faintly glowing red eyes. Holding her hands out, a huge green portal opened up.
“Who is she?” Sara asked.
“I don't know,” Leon said, “I’ve never seen her before, but eyes like that should mean she's a Myrmidon.”
Lilith clasped her hands, “You know what that means!”
“Yeah,” said Leon, “We may be able to stop this. Maybe.”
“The next time she opens a portal,” Lilith said, “I can open one near her location. If you can track her down and kill her, this could all be over.”
Leon turned to the group, “If anyone would like to back out, this is your last chance.”
Hurok laughed, “Let you take all the credit! I don't think so!”
“I think that means we're all in,” said Janah.
“Arloff will go with you,” Lilith said, then sensing another portal, “Well, what have we here? She just opened another one. There's no time to lose. Are you ready?”
“Yes,” Leon answered.
Lilith opened a portal. Leon went first, followed by the rest.
Arriving next to a shoreline with a nearby valley, Sara was astounded at the sight of the Shadow Realm. Stuck in perpetual twilight, the rocky landscape was a mix of black and blue hues. A full blue moon dominated its starry sky and even more so, a giant colorful world with rings circling it.
“It's beautiful,” Caycee said in wonderment. Without warning, she suddenly fell to her knees screaming in agony while clasping her head. Her brain felt like it was on fire as visions of what once was filled her mind. ***
***
The vision Caycee had was that of the distant past, on the Corinthian homeworld. Tomel ran through the woods as fast as an eight-year-old could. The treetops were so thick that little light made it through. He looked back to get a glimpse of the creature giving chase. With his breathing heavy and his legs burning with exhaustion, he weaved between trees and around rocks until stumbling and tripping into a clearing.
Tomel turned to see an animal with the head, wings and front legs of a giant eagle, and the rear quarters of a lion suddenly leap from the woods and land above him.
“Emei!” Tomel playfully whined as the baby, dog-sized griffin licked his face.
Emei jumped sideways and ran in circles, squawking.
Tomel got to his feet, “Come here,” he said, eyeing the griffin intently. As Tomel mounted Emei, he looked toward a nearby cliff and took a deep breath.
It was at least a thousand feet from the top of the cliff to the ground below. Galloping on Emei, Tomel stopped at the edge and took a long, hard look.
The view was amazing, nothing but land as far as the eye could see. Mountains all but filled the background. A marvelous white city of gigantic proportions lay in between.
Tomel gulped nervously, “This is it.”
Looking down the cliff, Emei also seemed anxious.
“Alright, Emei,” Tomel said, “We can do this.”
Taking a few steps back, Emei crouched, wagging his hind end before running full speed to the edge and leaping over.
Falling headfirst like a rock, Tomel held tight, “C'mon, Emei, fly!”
Emei spread his wings, struggling to stay stable. No matter how hard he tried, it was difficult just to flap them because of the wind.
All it took was a strong gust to send both careening out of control.
Holding Emei with a death grip, Tomel cried out in terror. The griffin shrieked as he tried to right himself, but it was impossible with Tomel. As the two were sure they were about to meet their end, a much bigger griffin swooped them up.
Carried back to the top of the cliff and dropped to the ground, Tomel and Emei looked up to see their savior and its rider. Against the backdrop of the sun, it was difficult for Tomel to see who the adult male in hoplite-style armor was.
The rider dismounted and removed his helmet.
“Uh-oh,” Tomel said upon seeing his father, Krios. He slowly got back to his feet, looking down in shame.
The large griffin cawed loudly at Emei.
“Easy, E’Ralc.” Krios said, petting his griffin, “Tomel, you mind telling me what you were thinking?”
“S-sorry, Father…” Tomel muttered.
“You almost got yourself killed,” Krios said, “How many times do I have to tell you that you have to wait until your griffin is older before he can fly? His wings aren't large enough.”
“I... thought he was ready,” Tomel said, “I'm tired of all my friends telling me I'm not a real Corinthian if I can't ride a griffin.”
Krios kneeled and hugged his son, “If I hadn't tried the same thing with E’Ralc when I was your age, I'd kill you myself.”
“You jumped off a cliff, too?!” Tomel asked.
“Dear no,” Krios answered, “It was a dirt mound no higher than nine feet. I ended up with a broken arm.”
“I guess I overdid it,” said Tomel.
Krios stood, “You've got some brass, son, I'll give you that much.”
“Are you gonna tell Mom?” Tomel asked.
“Ha,” Krios laughed, mounting E’Ralc, “She'd never let you ride again.”
The two Corinthians rode across the grassy clearing and over several hills to a farm, where a woman was hanging clothes.
Krios wasted no time running to his wife and kissing her, “Sasha.”
Sasha smiled, “I knew you'd return.”
“We did it,” Krios said, holding his wife, “We won.”
Filled with joy, Sasha squeezed Krios as hard as she could.
Out of nowhere, a faint gust of wind suddenly came over the family followed by the sound of distant thunder.
“Dad, look!” Tomel said, pointing. The city he'd seen earlier was visible, only this time there was a huge black sphere floating high above it.
“Krios, what is that?” Sasha asked.
Blowing in the direction of the sphere, the wind gradually became much stronger and constant. Lightning tore through the sky. The clouds formed a hurricane-like effect as they were absorbed into the sphere.
Krios looked on in horror, “No.”
The city below was in chaos. People ran in terror as the life around them was sucked up. Plants of all manner, birds, insects, domesticated and undomesticated animals were all being taken. Even the blue sky appeared as if it was being ripped apart. Buildings and the rocks they were made of seemed to be just about the only things not affected.
Tomel cried out, “Dad, what’s going on?”
Inky black streaks began to radiate from the sphere, though not in some random fashion. The ink chased after the Corinthians. Those touched by it fell in agony. Writhing in pain, their skin turned to a light gray. Hair, nails, and any clothing took on the same black color as the ink. When they opened, their eyes were green with a faint glow.
Krios could see the dark storm that had enveloped the city was quickly spreading out in all directions, “Tomel, grab Emei!” he said, jumping on E’Ralc and helping Sasha up, “We have to get out of here! Follow me!”
The griffins took off running just as several streaks of ink reached the farm. With the wind blowing against them, it was difficult to make any headway, especially for Emei. After a quick sprint downhill, they made their way as fast as they could between the hillsides, where the wind wasn't as strong. It was a desperate run, as the ink traced their every move.
Seeing the ink rapidly closing in, E’Ralc fell behind to nudge Emei ahead.
Tomel looked back, and it was then he realized there was no chance. No hope. Whatever was happening, his whole world was succumbing to it.
“Tomel, keep going!” Krios yelled, then spinning around at the sound of Sasha screaming – the ink had snared her.
As Sasha fell, Krios grabbed hold of her with one hand, but it was too late. The momentum pulled them both down and the ink wasted no time to catch and turn him into the same monstrosity.
Unwilling to abandon his caretaker, E’Ralc turned and roared at Krios' suffering. A streak of ink splattered across the mighty griffin's chest, causing him to reel and transform like the Corinthians; the lion half becoming gray, the bird half turning black.
Tears filled Tomel's eyes. Emei cried out as he tried with all his strength to move forward, to no avail.
As Tomel had feared, the dark storm steadily swept through everything in its path, consuming, expanding in an ever-increasing circle, until his entire world was but a shadow of itself. ***

***
CHAPTER TWENTY

“So, that’s what happened to this place?” Sara asked, helping Caycee to her feet.
“Yeah,” Caycee said, rubbing her forehead, “I don’t know what it was, but I saw it.”
“Did you see what made that black sphere?” Arloff asked, “It sounds like the same thing they’re trying to use in the Netherworld.”
Caycee shook her head, “It was horrible. Those poor people never had a chance.”
“How can we ever hope to stop something like that?” Janah asked, “It’s the perfect weapon. A single touch and you become one of them.”
“I find it interesting,” Nedim said.
Sara almost couldn’t believe what she heard, “I’d love to hear about it.”
“Our records show that when the Pelasgians invaded Rhea, the Corinthians were there,” Nedim replied.
Sara then asked. “Meaning?”
“Meaning what Caycee saw must have happened before,” Nedim said, “If the Pelasgians already had such a weapon then why didn’t they use it? It may be a good sign, especially if it does not work in the Netherworld.”
“Okay,” Janah said, “I’m feeling a little better.”
“Don’t get your hopes up yet,” Sara said, “They can still invade us. I’ve heard you all talk about how many of them there are, and to be honest, I never thought much of it. But if what Caycee said is true then we could be looking at worlds of these guys. I don’t know about you, Janah, but I’m feeling a little worse.”
The Fenrir were transfixed on the moon, “Hey.” Leon said, grabbing their attention, and placing his pointer finger across his lips.
Gillan looked toward the sea, confused. He then held his hand out as if to cause something to happen, “Uh-oh.”
Leon then noticed Kamala's similar concern over a rock, “What is it?” he asked.
“Our abilities don't work here,” Kamala said.
“I can sense the water,” Gillan said, “But nothing happens.”
Nedim held his fist up close to his face. A faint yellow glow briefly emanated from his hand, “It seems the Khothu's powers are somehow suppressed in this realm.”
Frustrated, Kamala and Gillan equipped their weapons.
“Stay focused,” Leon said. Peering off into the valley, he spotted Eris flying into a small town, “This way.”
Everyone moved in line as fast as they could.
“So, let me guess,” Sara said, “These Myrmidons are pretty special.”
“As far as we know, yes,” Leon replied doing his best to keep an eye on the town, “They're unique. If that thing is a Myrmidon, it should be the only one that can open those portals.”
Gillan and Janah held hands going down an incline.
“Looks like I might actually get my wish to kill a Pelasgian after all,” Janah said.
“Okay, seriously!” Gillan said, “Who looks forward to that?”
Sara saw that there was no place to take cover as they approached the town, “Uh, Leon,” she said, disconcerted.
Just short of exposing the group to the open, Leon stopped behind a large geode jutting out from the ground.
“I don't see a way in,” Sara said, looking around, “At least, not without taking a stroll through no man's land.”
The town had a wall much like New Haven, though there were no buildings any taller than two stories. It was a little too quiet for comfort. Even from their ideal vantage point, they could see no one inside.
“Caycee,” Leon called, “Get up here.”
“If this isn’t an ambush,” Kamala said, “I don't know what is.”
Caycee huddled next to Leon, “It always feels good when you want my opinion.”
“Just tell me what you feel,” said Leon.
“I've had a bad feeling ever since we left Vesuvia.” Caycee chuckled, “If I had to lean one way or the other, I'd say we better be ready for anything. Something's down there, but I don't think it's waiting for us.”
“Good,” Leon said, then looking back to the group, “Everyone, get your war face on.”
The Fenrir morphed back into their wolf form.
“Wait here,” Leon said, before running off so fast no one could see him until he reached the gate to the city and jumped over it.
“Is he out of his bloody mind?” Darek asked.
Within moments, Leon was pushing the gate open and waved for the rest to join him.
Inside, the town appeared deserted.
“You sure that thing is still here?” Nedim asked.
“I've had my eyes on this place almost the whole time,” Leon answered, “She has to be here.”
“Maybe we should split up,” Doradus suggested.
“I don't know about that,” Kamala said, “We're much stronger as a group.”
“I agree with both of you,” Sara said, “It looks like we’re on the main street. We can split up into two staggered groups, one on each side. This way we're close enough to help each other and it'll be harder for someone to surround us.”
“You know, we could probably just walk down the street, but I guess it’s better to be safe than sorry,” Leon said, “Nedim, take the Fenrir and cover the left. Caycee, Darek, go with them. If you see that woman, don't hesitate to kill her.”
In their hasty search through the town, Leon and Nedim made sure to keep each other in sight, pausing only briefly to communicate with hand signals.
The main street dead-ended at a large rectangular building with an ominous green glow visible through the windows.
Leon signaled for everyone to stop.
Sara whispered, “What now?”
“Stay here,” Leon said, silently going forward alone. Jumping on the roof, he found an opening and dropped down.
Now inside the building, Leon could hear the portal as well as some movement. After making his way down to the first floor, he carefully peeked around a corner, barely catching a glimpse of Eris.
In one swift move, Leon leaped around the corner and unsheathed his sword, but stopped at the sight of a Corinthian woman and her child between him and his target.
Hesitation.
Eris immediately grabbed the Corinthians and flew through the portal, which instantly closed.
Leon stood, paralyzed at the lost opportunity.
From the shadows, a Corinthian soldier came charging, grabbing Leon and driving him through several walls until they ended up on the street.
Sara and the others quickly moved in to help, but Leon was fast to flip the Corinthian over and stab him through the chest.
“Did you do it?!” Janah asked excitedly.
Leon slowly rose to his feet, “No.”
Just then, the echo of a dozen battle cries came over the wall.
All eyes fell back down the main street.
“What was that?” Kamala asked.
“Not good,” Leon answered, “Everyone, back to the gate!”
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Leon took off at top speed. He covered the distance in mere seconds and began closing the gate as fast as he could. A little over a hundred yards away, he could see what looked like several dozen Pelasgians charging. Many of them were Corinthian, some riding griffins.
Some Pelasgians were Satyrs. Armed with a spear, they had upper bodies like a human with large horns on the head. They also had the legs of a goat and a long tail.
There were also a few tall, hulking Cyclopes charging with large clubs. 
Circling high in the sky was an Eriny, a gangly ten-foot tall humanoid monstrosity with a massive bat-like wingspan.
As Leon secured the gate, the rest of the group arrived.
“How many?” Arloff asked.
“Not sure, several dozen or so,” answered Leon.
“There's no way we can hold up here for long,” Sara said, “We should go out there and meet those things head-on.”
“I wouldn't worry about waiting,” Leon said.
Running at full speed, four Corinthians on griffins jumped over the wall.
Nedim looked up and saw one of the griffins descending on him. He quickly placed his arms across his chest, forming an energy shield around his body.
Crashing almost on top of the shield, the griffin stumbled back before charging at Nedim again. The other three griffins landed among the group, dispersing them in various directions.
The griffin took a powerful swipe at Nedim causing his shield to fade out. Arloff tackled it, knocking the rider off. In brutal fashion, he grabbed the creature's neck with both hands and snapped it like a twig. The Corinthian drew his sword and stabbed Arloff through the ribs. Without so much as flinching, Arloff took hold of the Corinthian and flung him over the wall.
The Fenrir fearlessly went after a griffin and its rider, circling and attacking like a pack of wolves bringing down their prey.
Several yards away, Kamala was on the run from a griffin hot on her tail. Sara and Caycee took aim with their bows and fired, one striking the griffin's hind leg – the other hitting the Corinthian's shoulder.
The Corinthian hardly reacted, reaching over to pull out the arrow, but the griffin squawked in pain and ran at the ladies. Kamala quickly threw an ax into the back of the Corinthian, who fell, causing the griffin to pause just long enough for Sara and Caycee to fire another volley of arrows, this time felling the beast.
The Cyclopes outside smashed their clubs against the gate, breaking it down piece by piece.
Leon easily dodged a griffin's attempt to bite him. With the swing of his sword, the animal's neck was slashed halfway, and as fast as the Corinthian could jump off, Leon impaled him from behind.
Darek, in his final form, had both hands tied up with a griffin's beak. It took everything he had just to hold the creature while Janah distracted the Corinthian for Gillan, who jumped from the opposite side and buried a sai into the Pelasgian's chest. Janah then drove both swords into the griffin's side for a quick kill.
“Gather up!” Leon said, “Try to stay together.”
The Pelasgians suddenly came crashing through the gate in a full-on blitz for the group.
Leon dashed into the oncoming horde with a flurry of stabbing and slashing. With his Vesuvian speed, he easily dodged or countered every attack. In a matter of seconds, a half-dozen Corinthians fell by his sword alone.
Arloff charged forward, tackling two Cyclopes. He drove his hand into one of their eyes, grabbing whatever he could and ripping it out. The Fenrir followed, each lunging at a Corinthian. It was just enough to break up any momentum the Pelasgians had going.
With the equinox in one hand, Sara grabbed her daggers and threw them as fast as she could, at best, slowing the oncoming Pelasgians down just a bit more. Caycee fired her remaining arrows to hinder the Pelasgian advance before drawing her rapier. The women then worked in tandem, bringing down one Pelasgian after another.
Kamala deflected a Corinthian's sword with an ax and countered with the other, driving it into his neck. Gillan was close by, being out-muscled by a Corinthian who easily tossed him to the ground. Kamala ran by, bringing the Corinthian down with a blow to his knee and finishing him off with an ax to the heart.
Nedim barely managed to block a Corinthian's sword with his long knife as it came dangerously close to his face. With the enemy nearly on top, he quickly placed his hand on the Corinthian's chest and fired an energy ball that tore through a few Pelasgians.
Several Corinthians were having their own trouble with Janah. She cut through many like a warrior possessed. Her feline nature, when unleashed, was very fierce and fast.
The remaining Pelasgians outside the gate pushed through in a mindless frenzy.
Darek easily broke a Corinthian's neck with a swipe of his hand. Two more Corinthians advanced, using their shields to block and batter him. Darek rammed one, knocking the Corinthian back and unwittingly allowed a third to slice him across the back. Darek screeched in pain.
“Darek!” Leon cried, slaying any Pelasgian in his way as he desperately tried to reach his comrade.
A Corinthian stabbed Darek in the back as another impaled him through the heart.
“No!” Caycee screamed, as she helplessly watched her friend disintegrate into embers blown away by the wind.
The teeth and claws of a Fenrir were just as good as any blade. Doradus slashed wildly, cutting a Satyr to ribbons. As he ran at his next victim, a Satyr threw his spear, piercing Doradus' side.
Several more Satyrs closed in, jabbing their spears into Doradus, who yelped and howled in pain. Hurok growled in anger, knowing that one of his own had fallen.
The Cyclopes were almost as strong as Arloff, and their clubs dealt major damage to the Promethean when they struck.
Arloff fell back when a club whacked him hard on the head. A few Corinthians immediately joined the fray, hacking at what they could. Surrounded, Arloff fought as hard as he could before the Pelasgians' numbers overwhelmed him.
The Eriny descended from the sky. With a single backhand, he sent Gillan sprawling to the ground. Sara and Kamala ran as fast as they could to help; everyone else was locked in fighting.
Gillan rolled out of the way just in time when the Eriny tried to stomp him. Getting up as quick as he could with the ten-foot-tall creature trying to grab him, he swung a sai into the Pelasgian's hand.
The Eriny jerked back, screaming. He pulled the sai out and tossed it aside. Stepping toward Gillan, he suddenly screamed again as Sara's dagger struck his back leg. To his side, he spotted Kamala closing in and used his wings to knock her away.
Sara was about to confront the Eriny when a Satyr tried flanking her.
Kamala struggled to get up, but the Eriny closed in fast, grabbing her by the neck and lifting her off the ground.
Gillan had climbed to the roof of a building nearby, and jumped the Eriny from behind, using his sais to impale the creature and hold on.
Kamala used her ax to lop off the hand holding her. Landing on her feet, she was unable to get out of the way in time to avoid the Eriny's sharp claws tearing into her side, causing her to cry out in terrible pain.
“No!” Gillan yelled, pulling a sai out and ramming it into the back of the Eriny's head. He held on as the creature stumbled a bit and fell forward, “Kamala!” he called, running to her as she lay on the ground.
A Corinthian tried to sneak up on Sara as she battled a Satyr, but was caught by surprise himself when Leon darted by, slashing his neck. Sara knocked the Satyr down with a kick before slaying him with her equinox.
The last Pelasgian, a Cyclops, had Rona by the neck, smashing her against a building. Caycee and Janah stabbed and slashed the Cyclops until he let go. In one jump, Rona clawed the Cyclops down the midsection, making him reel back in pain – which was short-lived thanks to an energy blast from Nedim that vaporized his head.
“Oh, no,” Gillan said, helping Kamala to her feet.
Sara ran to help, “How bad?”
Blood ran from Kamala's side and mouth. With Gillan supporting her, she managed a brisk walk, “Good kill.” she gasped.
“Don't talk,” Gillan said, “Sara, find Leon. We have to get out of here.”
Leon was just outside the gateway looking to see if all was clear.
Hurok picked Doradus' lifeless body up and carried him with Rona close by.
Sara ran up to Leon, “If we're going to leave, now would be a good time.”
“Agreed,” Leon said, looking at the group as they passed by hurriedly.
Suddenly with no warning, a glowing, green seed-like projectile shot through Leon from the back and exited out of Sara's. The looks on their faces’ were polar opposites, calm on Leon, one of shock on Sara. Leon caught her just as she fell.
Not knowing what happened, Nedim was stunned, “By the...”
“Take her, fast,” Leon said, passing Sara over to Nedim, and then looking to Caycee.
“I know the way,” Caycee said.
As the group fled, Leon turned to the city. Standing in the middle of the street ahead was a Myrmidon.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Ivee's red eyes complemented her sinister smile. Her form-fitting black outfit exposed her midsection and from the shoulders up. She had black hair that was short and spiky, and like any Pelasgian, her skin was a light gray color. But it was her forearms that caught Leon's attention. By most standards, they were abnormally large. The left had two rows of three openings, faintly glowing green, facing ahead of the hand. The right had just one large opening.
With his sword in one hand and its sheath in the other, Leon's eyes turned jet black.
Giggling, Ivee pointed her left forearm at Leon, and from the small openings, glowing green projectiles shot out at a terrifying rate.
Leon ran headlong into the hailstorm of Ivee's deadly seeds. Not bothering to evade, many of the seeds tore straight through him. His blood, black under the light of the Shadow Realm, splattered off his body. Moving at an unbelievable speed, he closed the distance between him and Ivee within seconds.
If Marduk proved anything, it's that Myrmidons were just as fast as Leon. Using his sword to block Leon's inches from Ivee's face, he smirked, “It's been a long time.”
Leon didn't have to look to know what the Myrmidon looked like – similarly young, with short hair and a leather bodysuit.
Other Myrmidons began to emerge from, over, and around the buildings. Behind Ivee was Vela, a female with very short hair, clothing like Marduk's, and a scar that ran from her lower jaw on one side to across her eyebrow on the other.
Behind Marduk was Xran, a tall hulking male with no hair and no shirt. His body was very angular and the entire front was scarred as if it had been badly burned. He grabbed a piece of wall and tore it from the building. In his hands, it became a much harder substance as it turned into a large hammer.
On the left was Cesni. Insect-like in appearance, he had an exoskeleton for a body. At his elbows and knees, razor-sharp blades sprung towards the hands and feet.
“You know Vela and Xran,” Marduk said, “Ivee and Cesni are new to the team, and they've been dying to meet you.”
Just as Leon brought his sword to bear, Marduk and Ivee darted away in the blink of an eye.
Dashing in midair, Cesni molted, copying his elbow blades and shooting them forward.
Leon blocked the copied blades with his sword, shattering them, though a few large fragments slashed his arms halfway through. Immediately falling to the side, his useless arms rapidly healed just in time for him to block one of Cesni's deadly leg kicks.
Cesni threw a rapid flurry of punches and kicks in succession. When Leon tried to counter, Xran was instantly on him, swinging his hammer that would shatter every bone in a normal person's body should it hit. Leon flipped over, dodging, and again tried to counter.
Marduk blocked Leon's sword, “My, you've gotten sloppy. I remember when last we met you were quite the fighter.”
Leon was about to strike when Vela leaped through the air with him in her sights. Green energy crackled from her hands before firing in a burst. His only option was to dart away. The explosion, when it hit the ground was tremendous and so close that smoke came off Leon’s body.
Outside, Caycee could see a brief glow from the explosion in the city.
“We're almost there,” Nedim said to Sara, who was beginning to slip in and out of consciousness.
Kamala choked a bit on some blood and staggered. Gillan held her tight, desperately trying to reach the portal as fast as possible.
Appearing to glide through the air, Cesni threw a barrage of blades at Leon. The four blood glaives on Leon's clothes seemingly came to life as they took off on their own, the blades extending and spinning so fast they could cut through skin and bone like a hot knife through butter.
Two of the glaives shattered some of Cesni's copied blades before being broken by the real ones. The other two glaives went after Marduk and Xran, who smashed the projectiles with their weapons.
A vine whip shot out from Ivee's right forearm, snaring one of Leon's legs. With a quick tug, she threw him off balance. Xran swung his hammer and sent Leon flying through the air.
Leon managed to land on his feet but found himself instantly being attacked by Cesni. He dodged the first blade, but the second severed his right hand, his sword hand. Grunting in pain, Leon did what he could with his sheath, blocking many of Cesni's attacks.
Marduk snuck in from behind and kicked the sheath out of Leon's hand before quickly sweeping him off his feet and landing another hard kick to the midsection before Leon could even hit the ground, sending him sprawling across the street.
Ivee jumped in like she was possessed. She had Leon's sword and brought it down intending to end the fight once and for all.
Just before the moment Leon could be done in by his own sword, Ivee was abruptly stopped in midair as the blade met with another that instantly materialized into existence in a burst of black 'ink', held by a tall, slender man in a cape and black body armor made of leather. His long, straight black hair partially covered his face.
The Myrmidons froze in terror, “Nibiru!” Marduk said in shock.
With little effort, Nibiru flicked his sword, causing Ivee to twist in midair.
“No!” Ivee pleaded, as she barely blocked Nibiru's next strike that sent her screaming through the air and landing with a thud.
“Leave,” Nibiru calmly said, with the Myrmidons doing just that. He turned to Leon, “Marduk's right. You've gotten sloppy.”
Exhausted, Leon struggled back to his feet, cradling his wrist.
“How do you like the new team?” Nibiru asked.
Leon remained silent.
“You can't win this, Leon,” Nibiru said as he walked away, “My offer still stands if you want to join me.”
After watching Nibiru vanish in a cloud of blackness, Leon staggered his way back to the portal. Emerging on the street of a city in the Netherworld, he found Sara and Kamala lying on the ground with the others around them.
Holding Kamala, Gillan looked up, “She's gone.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Sara barely clung to life. Leon knelt beside her, “Sara, can you hear me?” he asked, with no response, “Open her mouth,” he told Nedim.
Nedim pinched Sara's nose and squeezed her cheeks as Leon held his bloody wrist over her mouth for several drops of blood to fall in.
“Eww!” Janah cried.
Leon clasped Sara's mouth, forcing her to drink the blood.
It took a second for Sara's eyes to shoot wide open. She quickly stood up, looking around, “What happened?” she asked, poking at where the now-healed wound was.
“I had to give you some of my blood,” Leon said before rolling over on his side.
“What?!” Sara asked.
“There was no other way,” Caycee said, kneeling by Leon. She pulled a blood marble from her pocket, “Here, take this. I can't believe you didn't bring any.”
After eating the blood marble, Leon instantly regenerated a new hand, “Thanks,” he said standing up.
“Your blood healed me?” Sara asked.
“Yeah,” Leon answered, “You'll also have my abilities for a short while.”
Sara's eyes briefly turned completely black as she tested her Vesuvian powers. Looking down, she gasped with the realization Kamala had passed, “Oh, no.” she said.
“I take it you weren't successful,” Lilith said, walking towards the group with Arloff close behind her.
Gillan stood, angry with tears in his eyes, “In case you can't tell – we just got our asses kicked!”
“Are you game to try again?” Lilith asked.
“Not right now,” Leon answered, “We aren't prepared, and with the losses we took I don't think some of the group wants to go back.”
“What do you mean? Arloff is just fine, and the friends you lost are heading this way right now,” Lilith pointed, “See?”
Leon spotted Darek, Kamala, and Doradus, “Yeah, but they're dead.”
“So,” Lilith said, “They can still fight.”
“Not like before!” Leon mentioned.
Lilith sighed, “What now then?” she asked, standing nearly nose-to-nose with Leon.
“We go back to Rhea,” Leon said, “Sara has to go back. I can't risk losing her.”
“Why? You love her?” Lilith asked.
Leon suddenly flinched in disbelief, “She has to report back to her leaders.”
Lilith looked suspiciously at Leon, “Fine.”
“Well, this sucks,” Doradus mildly complained.
Hurok held his friend's shoulder, “Be proud. You fought bravely and died fighting, the way all Fenrir should.”
“Could be worse,” Darek said, “Least now we're immortal.”
Kamala crossed her arms, “Well I don't see it that way,” she said, tears welling in her eyes upon seeing her lifeless body, “I have a family back home. My husband is going to be furious!”
“Kamala, I am so sorry.” said Sara.
Gillan took hold of Kamala's hand, “Don't worry, they'll understand. We all knew this could happen.”
Kamala hugged Gillan tightly.
“Looks like everyone's here,” Leon said.
Darek waved, “Oy! Thanks for gettin’ my back, Leon!”
Several of the people around chuckled lightly.
“Sorry, bud,” Leon said.
Darek playfully hit Leon's arm, “You know I'm kiddin’.”
Leon noticed Kamala was depressed, “I know it's a stupid question, but are you going to be alright?” he asked.
“I'll be fine,” Kamala said, fighting back tears. Leon shook hands with her and nodded.
Stig suddenly came through the portal, “I did it!”
“It will be safe in our city,” Arloff said to Leon, “The fighting has stopped.”
“The Fenrir are still there,” Stig said, “However, they won't attack. That's the best I could do.”
“Even if they attack, they'll answer to me,” Hurok said.
Sara asked, “Why not open a portal near Vesuvia, or another city?”
“Because I don’t know what's on the other side,” Lilith answered, “Usually that's not a problem, but since you're not dead I wouldn't recommend it.”
“I see,” Sara said.
“Leon,” Lilith called, “I can hold out for some time, but don't keep me waiting.”
“Speaking of time, what time is it in Rhea?” Caycee asked.
Stig shrugged, “The sun was just setting when I left.”
Leon looked to Sara, “Ready?”
Everyone, alive, passed through the portal to the Promethean capital. Several Fenrir and Prometheans were just cleaning or hanging around.
“Janah and I will go back to Hegira.” Nedim said, “My people will likely send emissaries to help organize some counterattack. Farewell.”
“See you later,” Leon said, “Gillan, you coming?”
“No,” Gillan answered, “My people need to know what happened as well. I just hate having to go alone.”
“I'll go with you,” Caycee said, “I've never seen Khothu before. Your city I mean.”
Gillan was relieved, “Thanks.”
“I am going to gather the packs,” Hurok said, “The Fenrir will help fight the Pelasgians.”
“Sounds good. If you can, send someone to Vesuvia to let them know,” Leon said, then turning to Sara, “It'll be easier if we go straight to New Haven from here.”
Sara held her hand out, “Lead the way.”
***
In the Shadow Realm, the Myrmidons gathered in a half-ruined building with only a large chair in the middle. Eris flew in from an opening in the roof.
Cesni looked angrily to Ivee, “You're in big trouble.”
“Shut up!” Ivee said, pushing Cesni away.
“Stop!” Marduk ordered.
Vela turned to the doorway, “He's here.”
Nibiru stepped in, standing there for a moment before instantly grabbing Ivee by the neck and lifting her off the ground, “Let me remind you that being a Myrmidon means following my command without question. Next time I will rip you apart!” he said, tossing Ivee aside.
The Myrmidons cowered, lowering their heads in disgrace, except for Eris.
“My lovely, Eris.” Nibiru said, gently caressing her cheek with his hand, “It seems our Rhean friends may be on to you. We must be more careful.”
Nibiru sat in the chair, resting his head on one hand, contemplating what had happened.
Marduk rushed to the chair and knelt, “Nibiru, I beg you, even you said Leon isn't the warrior he once was-”
Nibiru interrupted, “You seem to forget that you've only fought Leon as a team. I need Leon to join us, and like all of you, he must join willingly. His power will make us stronger.”
Marduk backed away, “Yes, of course.”
“In time, my friend. All in due time,” Nibiru said, his laughter echoing through the building.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Beyond the Promethean capital was a small shack in the middle of a sparse forest.
“Vesuvian outpost?” Sara asked.
“Yes,” Leon answered, “I don’t see any Vesuvians.”
They cautiously approached the outpost.
“Doors open,” Sara noticed.
Leon entered the shack with Sara close behind, “No sign of a struggle,” he said.
“You think they could be hiding?” Sara asked.
“No, I would've found them by now. They may have run off for blood, but that's unlikely,” Leon said, looking around, “We'll rest up here for a few hours.”
“Okay,” Sara said, taking her gear off and stretching out on a bed, “Leon, I didn't see any humans in the Netherworld, and I don't suppose I would, but...do you know what happens to us?”
“Sorry,” Leon answered, sitting on a bed across the room, “I have no idea. Lilith might know, but she'll never tell. I don't think she can. To be honest, I did ask her once and all she did was smile.”
Both sat silent for several seconds. Sara could see that Leon had something to say.
“If you don't...know, what do you believe?” Leon finally asked.
Sara answered, “I believe in a higher power that watches over me, protects me, and when it's my time it's my time.”
“So, you believe in destiny, then?” Leon asked.
“Well, if you put it that way, sure,” Sara answered.
“I find it interesting,” Leon said, “People like Nedim know what's going to happen, but he still prays.”
Sara sat up, “That is interesting, but there's nothing wrong with believing in something else.”
Again, silence. And it was during that moment Sara was hit with a realization, “Leon, where do you go when you die?”
Slowly shaking his head, Leon answered, “I don't know.”
“Caycee and Darek, they told me about how you were...created,” Sara said, “Why don't you ask Lilith?”
“I did. All she did was laugh.” Leon said.
Several peaceful hours passed. From outside was a steady howl of the wind, the sound of an owl-like creature, and the light of the moon.
Sara slept soundly, waking only for a drink of water from her canteen. After rubbing her eyes, she looked at Leon's empty bed, “Leon?” she whispered, with no reply. Seeing the door was unlocked, she grabbed her equinox and stepped outside.
With her back to the wall, Sara slowly circled the shack. She'd almost gone all the way around before spotting a small pile of ash a few feet in front of her being carried away by the wind.
Kneeling to grab a little bit of ash, Sara suddenly felt all the hairs on her body stick out. She ran back inside the shack and quickly gathered her stuff. The moment she turned to the door, a large Pelasgian Minotaur burst through.
The Minotaur snarled and raised his ax. Taking a step toward Sara, he suddenly buckled, squealing in pain with a sword piercing his chest from the back.
Sara had to jump out of the way when the Minotaur fell forward and was relieved to see that it was Leon who slew the Pelasgian, “I thought you were dead!”
“Sorry for the scare,” Leon said, “I heard some noises and had to make this thing think I left.”
“You used me as bait?” Sara asked.
“I was hoping you'd sleep through it,” Leon said, “Besides, I didn't know how many there were.”
“Oh, that makes it perfectly fine then.” Sara said sarcastically, “What's this thing doing here anyway?”
“That's a good question, but I can tell you that if this guy's here,” Leon said, “It makes things a lot more complicated.”
“Can they attack the Netherworld and us at the same time?” Sara asked.
“I wouldn't doubt it.” Leon shrugged, “Since you’re up, we should get going. There could be more.”
Outside, Sara made some last-minute adjustments to her equipment, “Okay, ready.”
Leon looked mischievously at Sara, “You know, New Haven is a day and a half away, but we could get there in just a few minutes.”
Sara covered her mouth, gagging, “Sorry, I just vomited in my mouth. Surely you’re not suggesting I drink more of your blood?”
Leon laughed, “I promise you'll forget the taste once you feel the energy flowing through your veins.”
Thinking about it, Sara had to agree, “I... guess I don't remember drinking it last time.”
As Leon had promised, the time it took to reach New Haven, racing, was a matter of minutes.
Reaching the tree line first, Sara was jubilant. Leon was only a split second behind.
“You let me win, didn't you?!” Sara asked, punching his arm.
“Beginner's luck,” Leon answered.
Together they jogged into the grassy clearing toward New Haven.
With the sun beginning to rise, a soldier patrolling the wall saw Sara, “Open the gate!” he ordered.
No one had to be asked to get out of the way as Sara and Leon strolled through the streets to the Citadel. After a time, the Great Hall was filled with the Guardian's top brass.
“That's...quite a story,” Henry said, hearing Sara's explanation of what happened.
“Also,” Sara added, “We ran into one at an outpost on our way back, here in Rhea. There's a chance we could be attacked.”
Arthur stood, “It sounds like the important thing to consider is numbers. We're going to have to send for massive reinforcements.”
“They should arrive any minute now,” Philip said, “I sent a courier the night Leon arrived. Gaia is several days’ travel by boat, and I couldn't risk any treachery.”
“A wise move,” said Leon.
Philip leaned forward, “Like any good game of chess, our next move must be thought out carefully, but until then, consider us allies.”
“May I suggest we extend this alliance to include the rest of Rhea,” Sara said, “We’re going to need it.”
“We’ll send emissaries at once,” Philip said.
Just outside the Citadel, as Arthur escorted Sara and Leon, they could see dozens of large ships in the distance unloading hundreds of soldiers and horses. In the sea, and almost as far as the horizon were perhaps a thousand more naval vessels waiting to dock.
“Sara!” Richard called, running to catch up, “Where are you going?”
“My next assignment,” Sara answered, “It looks like things are going to get crazy. I'm going to work with the Vesuvians to see what we can do.”
Richard shook his head smiling, “Never a dull moment, huh?” he said, offering a handshake.
Sara pushed his hand aside and hugged him.
“Take care of yourself, Sara,” Richard whispered.
Arthur held out an equinox, “Ahem!”
“Oh, sorry!” Sara said, immediately grabbing the equinox Arthur had given her before and trading it for the one he was holding, “I completely forgot!”
Arthur nodded toward Sara’s new equinox.
Before even looking, Sara felt the equinox she held was different, lighter. Looking closer, she realized it was no ordinary equinox. Only slightly smaller, it was not elaborately decorated, but it had stylized designs etched on the hilt representing the different races of Rhea. There was the head of a wolf for the Fenrir, a cat for the Hegiran, a dragon for the Khothu, a human-like skull for the Promethean, and a bat for the Vesuvian.
“It may not be pretty, but you should be able to kill Pelasgians twice as fast,” Arthur said.
Sara choked up, looking at her former teacher.
Arthur smiled, “I’m proud of you.”
“Hey!” Juli and Marian shouted, almost running into Sara, “You're leaving already?” Juli asked.
Breathing heavily, Marian was about to speak until she saw Leon and screamed.
Sara stuck her hand out, “He's a friend!”
Smiling, Marian scooted behind Juli.
“I'm sorry, I have to go,” Sara said.
“When are you coming back?” Juli asked.
“Soon I hope, but I have to leave now,” Sara answered, hugging her friends before turning and leaving, “Both of you take care, okay?”
When Sara and Leon were some distance away, Marian whispered to Juli, “Did you see that guy?”
“The Vesuvian?” Juli asked.
“He was gorgeous!” Marian cooed.
Sara and Leon were midway to the woods beyond New Haven.
“Depending on how things go, I might be on this assignment for a while,” Sara said.
Leon waved his hand as if to present Rhea, “Yeah, but at least you’ll get to see more of this.”
“Tell me again why we didn’t bring horses,” Sara asked.
“They don’t seem to like Rheans very much, especially Vesuvians,” Leon said, cutting his hand, “Besides, we’ve got a much better way.”
Sara slightly recoiled, “I’m not going to argue with that, but I still don’t think I’ll ever get used to this.” She said, holding her hand out for Leon to squeeze a few drops of blood on.
“That should do it,” Leon said.
“So, what do you think will happen next?” Sara asked as they entered the forest.
Leon shook his head, “I honestly don't know.”


###


~From the author~
I hope you have enjoyed this story! Please look for the next installment Shadow Seed now available!

Jose Rodriguez Jr.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter
