
THE CAULDRON IS WATCHING

by David J. Wighton

Book #37 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements

Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Image from PhoenixRisingStock @ Pixby

New(ish) Characters

Cosmos
• Sewage Breath (Pres.), Resolute/Yukon Potato (VP), Diaper Stink (Treas.), Underarm Stench (Secry).

Planet Panther
• Kyty-Lytr, Double-Ought (as in 007 and Fang.) Luna Moon 
 
Kidnapping
• Rose, Violet, and Lavender (victims). Orchid (mother).

• England
• John Albert Forsythe, Private Detective. 
• Robert Nightingale, Financial Conduct Authority.
• Hawk Spenser, MI5.
• Fiona and Sarah Stewart.
• Big Blueberry and Maggie O'Sullivan. 
Table of Contents
Preface
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Preface

At the end of Book #36, Shaken Not Stirred, Justice was meeting with the new Minister of Justice for the Cosmos. Here's a reminder of what was said. 
# # # # # # # # 
"I understand that you have operated individually in many of your cases."
"Yes."
"Do you prefer those?" 
"I enjoy performing all of my operations, Minister."
"I expect that some of your operations are very sensitive. If news circulated that you were investigating a sensitive case, that could be very damaging. Have you ever been tempted to share? Perhaps with a friend? A husband?"
"Minister, I follow the rules in all of my operations."
"Let's find out, shall we? Truth Ray on Justice." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 1

It was the beginning of May. The Cosmos Vice President was continuing an interrogation that had been interrupted because of a publishing quirk of fate.
"Justice, you've mentioned that a non-Angelion woman discovered the cure for Angelion's supposed genetic disorder. Would you say that she fills an important position in Heaven?"
"I'm not familiar with Heaven's hierarchy, Minister."
"Who is the CEO?"
"Her name is Queen Guinevere."
"How do you know that?"
"She's listed as Heaven's CEO in the Cosmos Planetary Guide."
"What's the name of the scientist who found the cure for Angelion's DNA quirk?"
"Her name is Guinevere."
"Is Guinevere a common name in Heaven?"
"I do not know, Minister."
"How did you know that the scientist's name was Guinevere?"
"I met her as part of my duties when I was investigating the atrocities of Angelion."
"What did you think of her?"
"I thought that she was very capable, Minister."
"Was it your opinion of her that prompted you to look up Heaven in the planetary guide?"
"Yes."
"Might she be Queen Guinevere's daughter?"
"The name suggests a connection, but I don't know if Heaven's angels can procreate."
"Knowing what you do about planets in the Cosmos, is it common for a normal citizen to have the same name as the CEO?"
"It's not common."
"Let's assume then that this scientist Guinevere is closely connected to the queen, either by blood or by function in Heaven's government. Would that be a viable assumption?"
"Yes, Minister."
"I'll call her Princess Guinevere then. Would you say that Heaven is a matriarchy?"
"It might be."
"So, if Princess Guinevere were implicated in some Cosmos scandal, that would be a very serious matter for Heaven."
"Yes."
"And if you were also implicated in the same scandal, it would be a career ender for you."
"Yes, it would."
"Would you say that you would be highly motivated to avoid such a scandal?"
"Yes, Minister. But..."
"Would that risk scare you off from accepting a risky assignment?"
"No."
"How many matriarchies are there in the Cosmos, Justice?"
"I do not know, Minister."
"Within the Ministry of Justice, do you know of any high ranking women?"
"Yes, I know that several women serve on investigational tribunals."
"Do they perform well?"
"I have limited experience with tribunals." 
"What about justices. How many are women?"
"Just myself."
"How many women are in the Cosmos executive?"
"None."
"How many Cosmos directors are women?"
"One. She was a recent addition."
"Who is she?"
"Zale Zilio of Blue Skies. She has also served on tribunals."
"Given these numbers, would you say that the number of women that fill important positions within the cosmocracy is very limited?" 
"Yes."
"Scandalously low?"
"Yes."
"Given your skill levels and the obvious gender inequity that exists in the cosmocracy, would you be highly motivated to try to correct that."
"Being motivated is not a crime."
"Answer the question."
"I would be highly motivated."
"Even if it meant that other women in high positions could be affected? Princess Guinevere, for example."
"Being motivated is not a crime, Minister."
"It is if you get caught, Justice."
# # # # # # # # 
"I have a case to research now," Reese said to Karita as soon as he entered the house.
"Who's the lawyer in charge of the case?"
"They aren't called lawyers. Britain has two levels of attorneys. The solicitor meets with clients but is not allowed to speak in court. The solicitor selects the barrister who will argue the case in court. Fiona's the barrister who will handle the trial."
"Does she let you call her by her first name in the office?"
"No. I have to call her Solicitor Stewart."
"What does she call you?"
"Technically, I'm an apprentice and her pupil. She calls me Wiltz when she wants to talk to me, which has only happened once. She has two other apprentices who are senior to me. Only the senior apprentice can appear in court with her. He's in charge of grooming me."
"What's the case?"
"A member of the government is believed to be controlled by one of the crime mobs. MI5 thinks that he might be voting the way they want him to vote. They could be bribing him, they could be blackmailing him, or he could be corrupt all on his own."
"That's a first. A corrupt politician."
"They have enough evidence to consider charging him. They want Snakeskin, Buckskin, Moleskin and Rumpelstiltskin to help MI5 to decide if they have enough evidence to convict. If not, they want to know what MI5 needs."
"If the Skins decide that there's enough, will they be given the job of prosecuting the case?"
"Yes."
"In other words, the Skins will decide if they will make a lot of money. I wonder how long it will take them to decide to prosecute." 
"If they give bad advice to MI5, their reputation would be hurt. Why are you so down on lawyers?"
"How does a normal person that can't read faces know when a lawyer is lying, Reese?"
"I give up."
"His lips are moving. What do you have when a lawyer is buried up to his neck in sand?"
"I give up."
"Not enough sand."
"Fiona has good colors. So do the other apprentices."
"I could help you find the evidence you need. We could time travel. I could listen in on conversations."
"But that wouldn't be justice, Karita. I have to do everything without using my powers. Maddy can't use her powers to win baseball games. I can't either."
"So, you don't need my help at all?"
"I may need your help but I can't accept it."
"How about help writing your reports. You know I can write better than you."
"The first time you don't help me, my boss will know."
So, what will I do in my afterlife? Lie around the house reading dictionaries?
# # # # # # # # 
"We won't be overheard here. This dining room is reserved for the executive and nobody will be interrupting us at this time of day."
Justice said nothing. Yukon Potato was one or two questions away from making the connection between her and Winnie. At least this break had given her the chance to regroup.
"My wife and I have been married for thirty years. I have three daughters who are at the beginning of their careers. In Spud, we follow the Cosmos rule that everybody, regardless of gender, has an equal opportunity to contribute meaningfully to the planet." 
"Yes, Minister."
"My wife drops in from time to time for lunch with me. She says that I should show myself to the staff and not hide away in an executive sanctuary. I agree with her, so we eat in the staff cafeteria. So far, nobody has approached us while we're eating."
"That's understandable, Minister."
"Yes, it is but I'm not used to being feared."
"You have unilateral powers to do anything you want to do in your job, Minister."
"The directors have power."
"Right. Did they make you the new Minister of Justice?"
"No. Planet Spud had the authority to fill that position. My planet's CEO asked me to replace the former minister because he appeared to be guilty of corruption." 
 "What gave him away?"
"A fluke accident and a media article from a high ranking aristocrat that exposed him."
"Blind luck, then. Call it serendipity for everybody except him."
"Yes." 
"Why am I here, Minister? Why the secrecy?"
"You aren't under the truth ray now."
"Why not?"
"I want you to feel free to turn me down without consequences."
"Am I here because I'm female?"
"Yes."
"I'm happily married, Minister."
"Good. You asserted yourself. I'm happily married too. In fact, you and I are here because of my wife. Her name is Orchid, after the flower. She noticed when I gave her the grand tour of the complex that the people who worked in offices were almost universally male. The people who worked in open spaces were primarily females. We see the same thing here in the cafeteria. Men sit with men. Women sit with women. If you were investigating a planet for adherence to Cosmos principles, what would you determine from these observations."
"This complex does not meet the standard for becoming a civilized planet."
"The directorship of the Cosmos is 95% male. The decision makers in this building complex are all male. I owe it to my wife and three daughters to do something about that. What kind of parent would I be if I didn't?"
"What do you want from me, Minister?"

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

Same day. The scene has shifted to Kyty-Lytr's comfortable living room on Planet Panther. She's lying on a large cushion. Her guest is sitting on another cushion that is on the floor next to her. He has his back against the wall for support. 
"Have you been to an animal planet before, Galahad?"
"I haven't been to many planets at all, Kyty. Heaven has just recently decided that we need an outer space capability."
"For trading purposes?"
"Yes, that's Shields' domain. She has a number of freighters that she uses. My focus is to create an armed presence so that Heaven can defend Earth if that's required."
"Who would be attacking you?"
"Lucifus and Hell. We're in a difficult phase in our relationship right now. Plus, if Earth is to reach civilization status, it needs to develop interplanetary travel. That's part of my mandate as well."
"And that's where we come in? Winnie wasn't very clear on the purpose of your visit."
"She knows but couldn't say much. CWO transmissions are essentially radio signals that others can hear if they find the right frequency. I'm here to suggest a partnership that could be mutually beneficial. It involves your son."
"You're going to take Double-Ought away?"
"Well, yes."
"Good. How much do I have to pay you? Can you keep him until he's not a teenager any more?"
"I wasn't expecting that response. Winnie said that I would find our conversation interesting."
"Double-Ought has been whining and complaining that his sister is receiving special treatment because she's a girl. He says that it's not fair. I offered to geld him, but he seemed reluctant to take up my offer. Why do you want him?"
 "I want him and the Panther.1 saucer. He will enlist in our military forces as a cadet and I will give him military training. I am not offering a long-term position because I know you will need him and the ship. He will return to Planet Panther with a military way of thinking, some discipline, and advanced piloting skills."
"Do you have women in your space program?"
"Yes, of course."
"He needs an attitude adjustment around that." 
 "We can do that."
"And I give you the ship in exchange for training him."
"Yes, but only for a temporary period. We want to use the saucer as a space research lab. We may make adjustments to the ship as part of that research. Any adjustment we make will improve the ship's speed, armaments and defense."
"Double-Ought will be there?"
"Yes. He will be the pilot. He will see what scientists do. That may benefit him or it may not. What level of education has he received?"
 "We are a planet of sentient panthers, not educated panthers. We rely on instinct to guide our decisions. This is sufficient for a good life on this planet. Some of us can read if we have a way to control the pages or if the book is audio. We do not have hands. This is a major barrier to us becoming educated."
"And your son?"
"He likes computer games. And he knows enough about the ship to control it. He cannot maintain the ship because he doesn't have hands."
"I saw him flying with his feet as the extension of his brain. I was impressed."
"Double-Ought has more intelligence than other panthers, but he has no way to learn how to use it. Not in this planet, at least. How long will you keep him?"
"It could be a year."
"I'll speak to him. Can you wait?"
# # # # # # # # 
It's about 10 minutes later. Galahad and Double-Ought are in the command center of Planet Panther's saucer ship. Galahad's ship has already left for Heaven without him. He's laying down some rules.
"You will address me as Admiral. I will address you as Cadet. Do not speak in the presence of an officer unless he or she asks you a question or gives you an order. You should now say, Aye, Aye, Sir."
"Aye, Aye, Sir."
"Can you find your way to Heaven's space port?"
"I found my way before."
"The correct response is Aye, Aye, Sir. You answered with five words. The correct response is three words. In a battle, gaining microseconds can be crucial. Do you understand, Cadet?"
"Aye, Aye, Sir."
"Did your mother explain why I am taking you and your ship to Heaven?"
"Negative Aye, Sir."
"Good guess. No Sir will do."
"If your mother didn't tell you anything about the assignment, why'd you agree to come?"
"She was going to give the opportunity to Luna if I didn't take it."
"Good to know. Take me to Heaven, Cadet."
"Aye, Aye, Sir. How quickly would you like to get there?"
"You decide."
# # # # # # # # 
Meanwhile, across the Cosmos, Heaven.2 was leaving the gravity of a planet known in the Cosmos Planetary Guide as FN4Y.
"Why did you tell them that the cost of a shipment of chocolate was so high?" Luna asked. "They offered you more than the going rate."
"You could hear that from where you were?" Shields responded with a question.
"Panthers have excellent hearing."
"What did you think of their trade committee?"
"They smelled OK when we took the tour."
"Did you hear me when I told them that you were a citizen of Planet Panther."
"Yes, I was walking right beside you." 
"And you heard when I told them that the Cosmos translator chip allowed you to understand them and they would understand you."
"Yes."
"So why did they not allow you to enter the meeting room? Why did they not say anything at all to you? Not even a greeting?"
"I don't know. I didn't think about it."
 "I did. Bigotry comes in many forms. Excluding you from a meeting is one such form. You are a citizen of the Cosmos. You should be treated as such."
"But, not trading with them won't change that."
"True. But we don't need to trade with them. Heaven can be picky about our trading partners. I can sell way more chocolate than I have in our warehouses. I would not want to associate with these bigots in a social situation, so why would I shut my eyes to bigotry in a business situation?"
"Where are we off to now?"
"I'll try one more planet in this cluster. What other books have you enjoyed?"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

It was mid-May. Double-Ought had been a cadet for two weeks. He was standing at attention in front of Galahad's desk in his office in Heaven's military base. Galahad was behind the desk; Lieutenant Angela135 was standing, at ease, off to the side. Galahad was wearing his stern face.
"You're still not getting it, Cadet. In the military, soldiers are organized by ranks. For non-commissioned officers, those ranks are clearly visible from the chevrons on a person's uniform. I am told that you are able to name the ranks indicated by the chevrons. Is that correct?"
"Aye Aye, Sir."
"I see that you are wearing a modified army cap on your head. Does it have any chevrons on it?"
"No, Sir."
"I see also that you have a modified army shirt attached to your body. Does it have any chevrons?"
"No, Sir."
"That tells me that you have no rank whatsoever. That also tells me that anybody in the military who has even one chevron out ranks you. What does that mean for you, Cadet?"
"It means anybody I see can give me an order and I have to do it."
"Do cadets follow orders when they feel like it?"
"No, Sir."
"How do cadets follow orders, Cadet?"
"Quickly and with enthusiasm, Sir."
 "Lieutenant Angela135 is supervising your training. Am I right?"
"Yes, Sir."
"She tells me that you have different ideas about quickness and enthusiasm than she does. Does that surprise you?"
"No, Sir."
"Has she warned you that you are not following her orders to her satisfaction?"
"Yes, Sir."
"I have asked several other NCOs about you. I have heard from some of them that you do follow orders quickly and with enthusiasm. Others confirm that you are slow and sullen. This is confusing to me. Why would you not follow orders properly all the time? Do you have any ideas about that, Cadet?"
"Some angels pick on me. It may be because I'm a panther."
"I have a different explanation. The NCOs that are satisfied with your behavior are all males. Those that are not satisfied are all females. Why is that, Cadet? You may speak freely."
"Panther males are bigger, stronger, and faster than panther females. That means that we are better than they are. Some females don't like that."
"Males are better at what?"
"At everything. That's the way that nature is. Deer with horns are better than deer without horns."
"For wildlife, that may be true. But civilized worlds have different rules. Genders are considered equal."
"In the military, don't you want the biggest, fastest, and strongest? Why would you want weak females?"
"Do you think that you're a better fighter than Lieutenant Angela?"
"Of course I am."
"She might be smarter than you."
"Fighting is fighting. Whoever sinks the fangs in first wins."
"Lieutenant, would you care to dispute his logic in a physical manner?"
"I am not allowed to strike him, Admiral."
"Let's call this a training exercise. You may strike him. Shall we go to the gym?"
# # # # # # # # 
Meanwhile, on Planet Panther, Luna had returned and was telling Kyty about her experiences. 
"They wouldn't let you inside a building?"
"No. Shields told me they were bigoted and she wouldn't trade with them. We went to another planet in the cluster." 
"What happened then?"
"They were bigoted too."
"Against you personally?"
"I don't think so. Shields said that some planets discriminate against animal planets in general. They think that they're better than sentient animals. That's why it's hard for animal planets to escape from poverty. Did you know that Planet Dolphin can survive only because they are recognized as being absolutely fair and smart? That's why so many of them are Cops. That's how their planet earns its revenue."
"How'd you spend your time?"
"She showed me some trade contracts and explained what all the words meant. They follow a pattern. Once you've seen one gold contract, for example, all of them are similar. The Cosmos has a library of all of the trade agreements that are currently in practice. I know how to find the library and search it."
"Can the files be converted to audio?"
"Yes. That's standard."
"We'll need somebody to build our space port."
"That type of contract was in the engineering category. I looked up some existing contracts. We'll have some choice of planets."
"What did you do when you weren't researching?"
"We talked. Mostly about books that I've read. Shields knew all of the books that I liked. She hates misogyny. She gave me some other titles to read."
"Sounds like she reads a lot."
"She does. Mostly work related. She's trying to learn about each of the planets in the Cosmos. She knows a lot already. That's why she can tolerate the long trips. I wouldn't want to do her job. I'd be too lonely." 
"Does she have a family?"
"She changed the subject when I asked about that. What have you been doing?"
"I've been CWO'ing with Lilith. She's the CEO of Hades. I met her at the trial."
"I heard about her. I didn't meet her though."
"She's a big tough devil. Winnie suggested that I talk with her about getting some hellcat miners for our gold. That way, we don't have to deal with Lucifus again. Winnie said that Lilith was the only one from Hell that she'd trust to keep her word." 
"How'd the CWO meeting go?"
"I like face-to-face better."
"So that you can read them."
"Of course. We just talked in generalities. Lilith is able to provide us with small bodied devils and they would be able to work in our mines. A two week on and two week off schedule would be necessary to give them rest. They wouldn't be eating the gold nuggets this time."
"How would they get here?"
"That is where it becomes tricky. As part of the trial, Luigi ruled that Lucifus had to give Hades the trident spaceship that they used to murder the miners. Lilith will have the trident ship to transport the miners, but we don't have any place for them to dock. Also, Lilith doesn't have anybody who can fly a spaceship. I was talking with Winnie about the piloting dilemma. She said that Shields knew enough about a trident to fly one but not enough to train Lilith's hellcats." 
"Sounds like you talk a lot with Winnie."
"I do. I know that I can trust her. She has good ideas."
# # # # # # # # 
"What are the rules of the fight, Admiral?" Angela asked. 
"Lieutenant, if you can control him for five seconds, the contest ends. Cadet, you can draw blood, but at that point, the contest ends. Cadet, go to the end of the gym. Lieutenant, take your position at the other end. When I reach zero, you may leave your position."
 "Five."
"Four."
"Three." The lieutenant flashed a finger sign at 007 that would be universally understood.
"Two." The Lieutenant went kissy-kissy with her lips.
"One." The lieutenant said Meow in a soprano voice. 
"Zero."
Double-Ought, now thoroughly incentivized, sprang into a charge. Angela jogged forward. When Double-Ought was into his final strides before mauling her, she leapt into the air, rotated 180 degrees in the air and landed on Double-Ought's back as he flashed underneath her. Her legs encircled his body. Her arms encircled his neck and then tightened. Double-Ought played bucking bronco for a few steps. Angela pulled his jaw backwards with one hand and tapped his neck three times with the side of her other hand. 
"Freeze," Galahad ordered. "Cadet, your throat has been cut. You're dead."
"She didn't fight fair," Double-Ought complained.
"Lieutenant, would you care to explain?"
"Cadet, there's no such thing as fair in a battlefield fight. There's one winner. That's it. You lost control of your emotions. You lasted seven seconds."
"Lieutenant," Galahad continued. "Is there any hope for the cadet?"
"No, Sir. He is thoroughly unsuited for combat. He doesn't respect authority. He can't be counted on to follow orders immediately and without hesitation. He would jeopardize the lives of others in a battle."
 "In theory, could a disciplined panther contribute in a face-to-face battle?"
"Yes, Sir. Such a panther could provide a fear component. He could be instantly lethal, if he were in shape, which he's not. He's pudgy and he's been domesticated. He talks about fairness. A panther in the wild doesn't talk about fairness."
"Thank you. That will be all, Lieutenant."
# # # # # # # # 
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
"What are you up to, Winnie?"
"Not much. I don't have any operations on the go right now."
"I have big news." 
"Big good news or big bad news."
"Could be good. Remember that meeting I had to have with the new minister?"
"I do. Did he know why he needed to talk to you?"
"He had a note from the former VP. He put me under the truth ray. I thought that I made up a reasonable reason why the former VP had wanted to talk to me, but he kept digging away. At you. Were you related to Queen Guinevere? What would happen if you were implicated in a scandal? Would that be risky for you? Would I take on some risk to help you avoid that?"
"That doesn't good."
"It wasn't. I was waiting for a question that would expose us: Had I worked with you in a risky environment? I had some evasive answers ready, but if he asked me a yes or no question, we'd be in trouble."
"Obviously he didn't ask."
"He wasn't interested in you. He was trying to determine if I could keep my mouth shut if he gave me a certain task."
"That's a relief. What task?" 
"He is aware of a gross imbalance between male and female staff in the government offices. He wants to correct that, but he knows that he has to tread carefully."
"Was he truthful about wanting to effect change?"
"I think so. His wife and three daughters are a big influence on him."
"Who is he? I never heard who got the job."
"He never gave his name. He's from Spud, and he has a big honking slab of concrete for a desk. A pictures of his wife and another of his three daughters are on the top."
"That would make him Yukon Potato. He used to be head of a company that made concrete."
 "His name is Yukon Potato?"
"The translator chip messes his name up. In his own language, his name is Resolute."
"That name fits him. I'd say he's completely honest, but careful. He wants to address the gender imbalance slowly."
"That's not a bad idea. So you told him you could be trusted and then what?"
"He gave me a job to complete inside the complex. I was to identify every position in the Ministry of Justice and then identify the role and the person filling it. My report would be in the form of a schematic identifying who reported to whom."
"That sounds like information a new minister would want."
"Yes, it is. My real job was to indicate which positions were filled with males and which were filled with females. I had to identify them as such subtly in the schematic."
"Let me guess. All the important jobs were filled with males."
"Duh. I built the schematic in such a way that I could look at it and determine which women were next to being promoted to a management job."
"Will he see that connection?"
"I doubt it but we might be able to use it. He might be comfortable enough just to know the general numbers. He could use them to justify an executive review of policies and procedures. Cosmocracy at its best."
"Especially with the crooked executive."
"He's not socializing with the others. He's not even eating with them."
"That sounds promising."
"I thought you might like to give him some help achieving a better gender balance in his ministry."
"Define help."
"Don't have him do something that he wouldn't do. He has to be comfortable with it. He may need a little nudge."
"I have a nudge producing idea."
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

The following events took place during the last two weeks of May. 
# # # # # # # # 
"Winnie tells me that you'd like to join the Angels of Death squad," Joe-Joe said. "She didn't say why you had chosen this as a possible heavenly career."
"As part of being on the Nemeses, I know how the program works," Karita started. "An Angel of Death is assigned to kill devils who have flagrantly violated the terms of the Heaven/Hell treaty. Simple punishment is not enough. They have to die and not come back."
"That's a little different from what the Nemeses are doing."
"I know. We're focusing on perverts and using a United Nations law to give us authority. I assume that the Heaven/Hell treaty has a similar provision for you to punish devils."
"Actually, it doesn't. We simply do it. Hell can't complain because they don't want details of what the devil did to be disclosed. Such information might lead to accusations against senior devils. Unofficially, Harry knows what we're doing. Do you know how they die?"
 "Kashmira sings them to death. We can't be in the same room as Kashmira when she sings to our perverts, but we can hear her through the walls."
"What does the singing do?"
"I don't know."
"It turns the devil's brain to mush. That makes it impossible for his soul to find the Sorting Station and come back as another devil. We make sure that Hell receives the dead body. It's a strong signal that they've gone too far. Did you sing as a mortal?"
"No. Maddy wasn't sharing the body. She sang. I didn't have a chance."
 "Do you sing now?"
"Sometimes I sing my favorite song when I'm cooking dinner. Reese says that he can't be in the kitchen with me because my singing hurts his brain. I thought that was a sign I'd be a good angel of death."
"Sing me your favorite song."
"One hundred bottles of beer on a wall; one hundred bottles of beer. If one of the bottles of beer should fall, there'd be 99 bottles of beer on the wall. Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the ..."
"I know the song. I haven't heard it sung in that fashion before, but I applaud your attempts to stay in key."
"What's in key mean?"
"That's too complicated to explain right now. Tell me, why are you searching for a career?"
"I'm tired of being in school. I graduated from high school a year ago. Now, I have three university degrees. One in ancient literature; another in medieval literature; the third in twentieth century literature. I'm literature'd out."
"Perhaps some other subject?"
"I thought about history, but it would just mean me spending day after day reading screens."
"How many screens can you read at a time?"
"Four."
"With that body, your maximum should be two at a time. No wonder you have so many university degrees."
"They're useless, Joe-Joe."
"What about science?"
"Two plus two equals five."
"Ah. That's because the right side of your brain is so dominant. How old is your mortal body?"
"I'll be seventeen in a couple of weeks."
 "We have two angels of death in the program. One is male, the other is female. They might receive one assignment per year. That would not keep you busy the way you want to be kept busy."
"Oh."
"How do you feel about Winnie's operations?"
"They are the only thing that's good about Heaven. For me, at least. But, there's not enough of them."
"I thought you were working with Reese a lot."
"Not any more."
"Think of something else, Karita. Winnie has spoken highly of you. There's bound to be something you can do for Heaven that you'll enjoy."
# # # # # # # # 
"Did you know that there are a lot of missing children in Britain, Winnie?'"
"I didn't know that. Why do you know that, Karita?" 
"I see the posters."
"Perhaps the child has been found, but the poster remains?"
"Perhaps. I was thinking that I could use the posters to look for perverts."
"Keely told me that she can't find really bad perverts for the Nemeses any more."
"They could be beginner perverts."
"How would you find them?"
"I would time travel to when the child was last seen. If I could see why the child went missing, I'd know."
"You said, 'I.' Wouldn't Reese be with you?"
"Just for the TiTr. He's too busy with his lawyer work to help me afterwards."
"You know it's difficult to follow a person into the future."
"Perverts tend to hunt close to home."
"Say that you find him. Then what?"
"Trial by Nemeses."
"What if the child had simply wandered off?"
"I could re-unite him or her with the parents."
"Wouldn't children wandering off usually be found? Don't the police conduct intensive searches?"
"I guess."
"What if they wandered off and died. Would you tell the parents?"
 "Could I plant a suggestion in somebody's mind too look where the body was lying?"
"You would give somebody else the experience of finding a dead child? That's a memory they would hold for a long time."
"I'd have to tell them, wouldn't I?"
"Yes. And when you say that you HAVE TO tell them, that means that you don't want to."
"Huh."
"Will finding missing children fill your life with enjoyment?"
"No."
"What's going on, Karita? Something at home? Don't tell me if you don't want to." 
"I can't work with Reese any more."
"Perhaps some counseling? I'm not the person to talk to."
"It's not that kind of problem. Reese has a new job working for a prosecutors firm in London. He says that he can't use his powers to find criminals and help convict them. It wouldn't be proper justice because the defense didn't have powers too. It also means that I can't do research for him. I'm not allowed to help him."
"I see his point. You have nothing to do now?"
"All my enjoyable time came from helping him. Reese and I used to do mini-operations catching crooks on weekends. Your operations were good too, but I hardly have any operations with you any more. What am I supposed to do with my time?"
"How is Reese handling this?"
"I hardly see him. He really wants to be a justice. I don't want to get in the way of that happening."
"I have to do some research, Karita. Hang in there for a little bit longer."
# # # # # # # # 
"Tell me how you spend your time at work, Reese." Winnie already knew the answer to the question. Reese had been the target of her research.
"I read through books of old statutes to find a law that we could use to put enough legal pressure on a politician to reveal who's buying his vote."
"Is it blackmail or bribery?"
"It doesn't matter. The law says that if you're being blackmailed, you're supposed to report it."
 "Everybody on both sides know the usual laws, so you have to find a law that nobody knows about."
"Right. And the law has to be applicable to the 2090's."
"So if the law is against bribing somebody to lie in King Arthur's court, that wouldn't apply."
"You're exaggerating, but that's the principle."
"How's it going?"
"Horribly. There are books and books of arcane laws and they aren't on line."
"So you come home tired and frustrated."
"Yes. My boss is putting pressure on me because the case against the politician isn't going anywhere. They need a hook that nobody has ever thought of before. It's like when the US convicted a big mob guy for not paying his taxes. Nobody has heard about that before."
"And what are you finding?"
"I now know the differences between paying taxes with chickens or pigs. Also, I know whether the chickens have to be plucked first and how big the pigs have to be."
 "At least you have your evenings when you can relax."
"I don't. I have to use my evenings to read the laws that are on line. That goes much faster because I can read multiple screens of text."
"Can you run an undercover operation with Karita that uses time travel or invisible drones? Wouldn't that work?"
"It wouldn't be fair. The legal system of justice has to be absolutely fair. If it's not, it's not justice."
"A lawyer like you would be bound by those kinds of rules."
"Absolutely. Anybody that works within the court system cannot violate that principle." 
"So when you come home and read multiple books at a time, aren't you violating that principle? Can a defensive attorney research that quickly?"
# # # # # # # # 
[Several days have passed. Reese and Karita are lunching in the kitchen. Reese isn't eating. Karita has just asked him why.] 
"You told your boss that you're still sick, Reese?"
"Yeah."
"But, you aren't sick. You don't lie. Why are you lying?"
"It's not as bad as cheating."
"You don't cheat either."
"I have been. Winnie pointed that out when we met the other night. You were off somewhere."
"How are you cheating?"
[We'll skip this part. You already know what he's going to say.] 
"What will you do?"
"I have to resign. I can't do the job properly without using some of my special skills."
"But, doesn't that mean that you won't be able climb the ladder to be a justice like you wanted?"
"Yes, that's what it means."
"No wonder you're down. How long have you had that as your goal?"
"I knew what I wanted to do when I was seven and Dad had the trial of the Daniel Boone and the Putt-Putt Gang." [Assassination Day, Book #3.]
 "You're twenty-two now, so that would be 13 years ago." 
"Something like that." [FYI: 22 - 7 = 15]
"So, let's say you're right. You can't be a justice of an actual court. Isn't listening to lawyers argue back and forth kind of boring?"
"Yeah, it is."
"Isn't catching crooks the real thing that you enjoy? You can use your powers and be a little goofy too. Like when you used the Coconut of Truth." [Book #31]
"That was fun. Plus we did it together."
"What if you could be known as Justice, but you didn't have to be a member of the legal court system?" 
"How would that work?"
 "Perhaps the people you worked with admired you because you were so good at bringing crooks to justice. What if they called you Justice out of respect, not because you were sitting on a big dais with a white wig on your head."
"Could you and I catch them together?"
"That's worked well before."
"Do you have time? I thought you were really into loading up with university degrees."
"I have some time."
"Who would I work for? How would I switch jobs?"
"Let me think on that."
[Well done, Karita. Do you need any more help from me?]
[No thanks, Winnie. You had the idea; I'll take care of the rest of it.]

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 5 

"Only five more minutes left for you to catch it," Lieutenant Angela warned Double-Ought.
"It's all uphill."
"Save your breath for running." The lieutenant didn't have to worry about her lack of breath. She was flying over the heavenly landscape towing a cooler below her. It was bouncing on the prairie ground. The ground rose sharply as they approached a mountain.
"I bet those deer guts would make a tasty sandwich right about now. The mountain's coming up," she warned unnecessarily. "Catch the cooler now or you'll be climbing the mountain again."
"Not this time!"
# # # # # # # 
"What order are you going to use to form the sandwich?" Galahad asked Jacob. They were in the hold of the Panther.1 spaceship. It had been converted to a giant laboratory. They weren't talking about a sandwich of deer guts.
"William suggested titanium as the base, covered by iron, diamonds and then melted plastic."
 "I'll go with that first. We'll need to test other combinations."
"Did he send up enough raw materials?"
"More than enough for lab testing. We'll need more if we decide to apply it to the spaceship."
"What if we need two different compounds? One for safety and the other for surprise?"
"Then it becomes messy. We can't have two different sandwiches. We'll have to take the combination that's best for safety AND surprise. Wanna bet on where each ingredient will be?"
"Diamonds will be on the top." 
"That's the only one I feel certain about too."
# # # # # # # 
"Are you certain about that?" Double-Ought asked. 
"You've gained twenty pounds since last week," the lieutenant said.
"I thought I had gained more."
"Scales don't lie. You might have lost some weight on the long distance run."
"What are we doing next?"
"The timed tree climb."
"How'd you grow a giant tree in the middle of the prairie?"
"This is Heaven, remember. I've made the tree higher today."
"Wonderful."
"I'll be adding branches soon. You'll have to weave your way through them."
"You're a real pain, you know."
"Thank you. You have five tries to beat yesterday's best time."
"What's the prize?"
"An easy swim in a lake."
"Winnie's?"
"Yuh."
"Any surprises waiting for me there?"
"That's for me to know and you to find out."
# # # # # # # 
"Well, we found out one thing for sure."
"Diamonds go on the top."
"Yeah, they absorb the heat and disperse it laterally"
 "You could see that in the scanners on the side of the test site."
"Let's look for the best base next."
"I'm guessing plastic. It will adhere better than the titanium."
"I'll say plastic too, but I think we need a lot more of it."
"I never would have guessed that, but I think you're right."
# # # # # # # 
"I never would have guessed that I'd be towing a raft behind me."
"Too hard on the tail?"
"No. I think I swallowed too much water."
"No peeing in the lake."
"You better unhitch me then."
...
"What's next?"
"Time to kill your supper."
"Great!"
# # # # # # # 
"That sandwich was great!"
"That was a lot of plastic."
"It's light and we have a ton of it if we need that much."
"Iron next?"
"Yeah. It will make the base more solid and it will adhere to the plastic better." 
"My thought too. We have to keep an eye on the final weight. It can't be too heavy or it will reduce the ship's maximum speed."
"How about three molecules thick?"
"You can cut it that fine?"
"Piece of cake!"
# # # # # # # 
"What? No piece of cake?"
"The portal will take you into the Argentinian Pampas. You'll find plenty of four-legged prey to kill and eat. Some are quite big. Meat is better than cake for you. I can't believe you used to eat cake."
"It was a delicacy. That and potato chips."
"No wonder you were pudgy."
"Past tense?"
"Lack of pudge doesn't mean you're ready for jaguars and pumas. You'll see those soon enough. You need to bulk up. More protein means more muscle mass. Eat!" 
# # # # # # # 
"Time to eat?"
"No, it's time to get it right. We'll have to go with more iron."
"That will slow the ship down."
"What if we increase the ship's mobility to make up for the increased weight?" 
"That means Double-Ought's reflexes have to be faster.
"There could be a way. How's his training going?"
"He has less attitude. More desire."
"We'll need a dry dock."
"Angelion has one. How'd you like to go home?"
"Nobody can know what we'll be doing there."
"Does William need to be there?"
"No. The President of Angelion needs to be there. He's the only who can guarantee our secrecy."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

With Karita now starting to develop Winnie's idea into a plan for Reese to remain in a career linked to the British justice system, it may be time now for you to learn more about England, its government, and its security forces. 
England is ruled by a parliament consisting of two houses: The House of Lords and the House of Commons, both of which need to agree to make any substantial decisions. The House of Lord represents the landed gentry, which are also known as the posh, or the nobility. These are the descendants of the earls, dukes, barons, and viscounts that received land from the early kings of England. In exchange, the nobles served as the king's tax collectors. Naturally, not all the taxes that they collected made it to the king. These families have kept their titles for centuries, and as such, they are allowed to sit in the House of Lords without being elected by the common people. They speak in fruity English, have long noses which they use for looking down, and are intent on keeping hold on the power that they have, even though they themselves have done nothing to earn it. 
In recent decades, these nobles have run into tough financial times. They have had difficulty keeping their mansions and estates in prime condition. They don't dare sell any of that land because that's what makes them wealthy. Instead, they have decided to adopt common people into their family. We're not talking about adopting children here; we're talking about adopting adults, especially adults who are very wealthy. 
Here's how it worked. A wealthy commoner of 40 or 50 years old donates a lot of money to a noble person. In return, that noble person adopts the commoner into his family. He might decide to adopt 1 or even 20 commoners, depending on how money he needs. The commoners are now lords, as are their children and as are their children's children.
This great expansion of nobility numbers has meant that the size of the estates where they live has shrunken. Take for example, the new Earl of Purple-Neck. The little town of Purple-Neck can be found where Purple Road meets Neck Road in the borough of Smithy-by-the-Creek, so named for the blacksmith who set up shop there in 1311. The community has one business, a grocery store with nine employees. A cluster of a dozen houses surrounds the grocery store, which attracts customers for miles around. The community of Purple-Neck now has an Earl of Purple-Nick representing them in the House of Lords. They had no choice in the matter. The Earl has never visited Purple-Neck nor is he likely to do so. He lives in London. He's busy taking diction lessons so that he can talk posh. 
Diction is a big thing in England. It's how the noble class and the common class are separated. The House of Commons has some rich people who would really like to be in the House of Lords where they don't have to seek election every four years. For now, they're accumulating wealth so that they can buy a title. The other part of the House of Commons consists of members of the Labour Party. These people actually work for a living. They don't speak posh. They speak unintelligible, otherwise known as regional dialects. For example, Smarsie fid nockity means Good morning. The House of Commons is full of people speaking unintelligible at the top of their lungs. It's no wonder that they passed a law to outlaw Christmas. More on that later. 
The Labour Party relies heavily on worker unions to vote their representative into parliament. With the House of Lords in expansion mode, the Labour Party knew that they had to expand too. Remember the six employees in the Purple Neck grocery store? Three of them belonged to the Purple Union, three belonged to Neck Union, and three belonged to the Purple-Neck union. Each union had a vote on who would represent them in parliament. That means that the three additional seats in Parliament will be representing nine citizens. 
 These increases in seats meant that the House of Lords could no longer meet in its original location in the Palace of Westminster. They transferred their meeting place to the Kings Meadow Football Stadium, which had room for 5,000 parliamentarians, a number not yet reached. With Christmas banned, little kiddies no longer received soccer balls as gifts. Prompted by the Coalition of Marshmallow Makers, they tried to use soccer balls made of marshmallows, but that didn't work too well. Soccer died. Football stadiums became empty hunks of concrete. 
Relocating the parliament to a soccer stadium had its pros and cons. The seats were comfortable, the concession stands sold warm beer, and people in the higher seats could throw litter onto people below them. In the past, parliamentarians who disagreed with what an opposing member was saying would interrupt their speech with witty comments. Now they threw warm beer on them. That was much more fun and it didn't require wit, which was often in short supply.
There were several disadvantages. The acoustics within an open-air stadium were terrible. You had to yell to be heard. Of course, yelling was a prerequisite skill for English parliamentarians, but doing so in an open-air venue was impossible. They resorted to bringing air horns to parliament and communicating in a form of air horn code, which was just as unintelligible as regional dialects, but much more fun. But not for the people who sat below them. 
Imagine now how well a football stadium would work when the House of Lords was meeting on one side of the stadium and the House of Commons was meeting on the other side. It was in this environment that a member of the Commons made an unintelligible motion, which was voted on and passed. That same motion was passed in the House of Lords, which thought that they were voting for a dry cleaning service to be installed on the concourse. The Speakers of both houses met and confirmed that they had heard the same motion: To ban Christmas. This is how England is governed in the 2090s. Not much of a change from previous years actually. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Now, lets look at England's security forces. Back in the middle ages, Scotland and England were frequently at war. Both countries invaded each other multiple times; many lives were lost. In the early 1700s, England sent some emissaries to its border with Scotland with an offer of, shall we call it, marriage. The emissaries promised to show them how accurate the English guns were if their offer of marriage were refused. The English offered a pre-nup as well. Scotland would agree to the British telling them what to do in the marriage. In addition, the marriage could never be annulled. No divorce allowed. This seemed eminently fair to the British given that the Scots were uncivilized louts who wore skirts.
The Scots counted the number of English soldiers amassed on their borders and counted the number of their own soldiers. It didn't look good for the skirt-wearers. They didn't have men enough to fight them, and they didn't have enough bagpipes to scare them away. Thus, they had to agree to the Act of Union in 1707. 
As is commonly done in weddings, the English gave the Scots a gift. They gave them a piece of land in downtown London. The first Scottish tenants opened up a restaurant featuring authentic Scottish cuisine. Porridge. Customers could also eat the innards of sheep (Haggis). With no authentic Scots living in London, the restaurant failed quickly. The English turned the land into a police station, which was named Scotland Yard. Instead of sheep innards, Scotland Yard started to serve up law and order for its citizens. This was easier on the sheep. 
Other security institutions protect England from outsiders, namely the country's intelligence services. MI 5 looks after the country's domestic security; MI 6 focuses on outside threats. The initial M stands for Miss Moneypenny, of James Bond fame. Contrary to popular thought, Miss Moneypenny and James Bond were real. MI5 tried to influence people to believe they were fictional characters invented by Ian Fleming and that has generally worked. However, Ian Fleming was the fictional character; James Bond was a long-living humanoid from another planet. His popularity as 007 made it impossible for him to continue to be an anonymous spy. He is currently a dentist in Sausalito, California with a license to drill. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Meanwhile, back in current day England, a certain man in a certain part of England in a certain town of England, in a certain home in that town received a couriered envelope. That certain man opened it. All that the envelope contained was a map of the southeastern section of England. That certain man tossed it in the bin, which is English for garbage can.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

It's the beginning of June: Winnie was engrossed in a computer game; Galahad was looking over her shoulder. "How much time did you need to program this game?" he asked. 
"Not much. I adapted the software that Lillian had given me to learn the game."
"Four players max?"
"Four players minimum; six players max."
"Interesting face cards. Where'd you find those?"
"I used selfies."
"I can tell when you're lying."
"You managed to take your eyes off the screen and look at my face?"
"I kept one eye on the screen and put the other on you."
"Will the pictures work?"
"Yeah. How long will you be gone?"
"A week at least. Probably two. How long will you be in Angelion?"
"Making, applying and testing the plastirondiamium will take a week at least. After that, we have to rip up the entire deck in the command center and install additional electronics so that Double-Ought can increase his reaction speed to compensate for the increased weight. That will take a week. Next, Angela will bring Double-Ought to Angelion to test the changes we've made."
"Can he do what you expect him to?"
"She thinks so. Ritchit wants to see what we're doing. I wouldn't be surprised if he pulls on a tunic and gets his hands dirty."
"This wouldn't be happening if he hadn't sent Jacob to us."
"It wouldn't be happening if Cassie weren't able to handle all the routine ship maintenance duties. What do you think about me enlisting her formally into the military?"
"OK, so long as I can borrow her if I need her."
"Have you talked to Guinny?"
"Yeah. I don't expect any personal risk. I'll CWO with her by code. This software may not work the way I want it to, but if so, I'll just pull the plug."
"The queen of clubs has your eyes."
"And that's all she has of me." 
 # # # # # # # #
England has had a very effective rail transportation system ever since trains were developed. That system still exists in the London area and is effective in moving commuters in and out of the city. The cars have been modernized, of course, but they still operate on rails. The locomotives are now solar powered. This might not work well in an area with a lot of hills, but the area around London was flat. 
It was Friday afternoon. Reese and Karita were sitting in Paddington Station, the main London terminus since 1838. They were sitting on a hard wooden bench (built in 1838?) as commuters surged by them. Reese was looking at faces. Fiona Stewart had given him a two-week leave of absence so that he could make up his mind if he wanted to continue in the lawyer profession. All they needed now was to find a very dark colored face. They could then research him, find out why he had dark colors, and then dream up a trick to catch him. Thus, the bench in Paddington Station. 
They had been there for two hours, waiting and fidgeting. Reese saw dark colors, but he wanted to find a very bad one for their first formal operation. Both were dressed in anonymous-looking clothes so that they could track their quarry without drawing attention to themselves.
"Got one," Reese said. "The guy in the dark suit."
"Which one? They're all wearing a dark suit." 
"Gray suit, light blue shirt, dark blue tie, shiny shoes."
"I see him. Tall. Overweight. It looks like he's wearing a hair piece."
"That's the one."
"How dark are his colors?"
"Very."
"Let's follow."
 # # # # # # # #
Gray Suit boarded the train bound for Dartford, Rochester, Sittingbourne, Faversham, Canterbury, and Dover. These are communities in Kent, which is the county that is southeast of London and is the closest county to France. For those of you who are only familiar with the general shape of the country, Kent is the part of England at the bottom that sticks out to the east. The end of the train line, Dover, is across from Calais, France. 
Karita and Reese were sitting at the far end of the car where Gray Suit was engrossed in his newspaper. Ten minutes after the stop at Faversham, he folded up his paper and looked around the car. Karita was in the seat facing him, but leaned forward towards Reese, so he couldn't see her face. When the call came for Canterbury, Gray Suit stood up, laid his brief case on the seat in front of him, folded his newspaper, placed it in his briefcase, and closed and fastened it. The handle of the briefcase went into his left hand; the handle of his umbrella went into his right hand. For those of you who don't know anything about weather in England, it rains a lot. It rains so much that ducks carry umbrellas. Right now it wasn't raining. 
Gray Suit stood up and joined the queue at the end of the car. Karita and Reese joined the queue at the other end. The train stopped, its queues emptied, and it trundled on to Dover. Reese and Karita followed Gray Suit who left the Canterbury station and began walking north. When they passed an alley, they ducked in [their ducks were umbrella-less] and disappeared from view.
Canterbury is famous for its Cathedral, which was a UNESCO World Heritage Site when there used to be UNESCO. The cathedral had been a tourist magnet ever since Thomas Becket had been martyred in 1170. Back then, there were no tourists, but there were devout pilgrims. These were people who went on long journeys for religious or moral purposes. This usually involved praying a lot along the way, at the site and all the way back. Americans know about pilgrims. They were the people who boarded the ship Mayflower and set off for the New World where they would have religious freedom. 
Gray Suit passed the edge of the area holding the cathedral, the tip of his umbrella doing a clickety-click on the pavement of the sidewalk. Ten minutes later, he walked between two big brick columns, which in previous times had held a gate. Now all it did was signify that the traveller was entering private property. That property included a large plot of green-grassed parkland, a big house at the end of the driveway, and a greenhouse off to the side. That greenhouse wasn't a house painted green, it was a small house of glass in which the owner grew plants out of the reach of the deer who were munching on the grass of the parkland. Gray Suit entered the house and disappeared. Reese and Karita flew up to the roof of the house where they waited for nightfall.
As the occupants of the house slept, Karita planed drones in the dining room and in the room that appeared to be an office. She didn't plant any drones in the wife's bedroom, which overlooked the eastern part of the parkland. Nor did she plant drones in the husband's bedroom, which overlooked the western part of the parkland. Reese looked for hidden safes by pushing his horned head through walls and scanning left and right. Nothing.
The next day, Tuesday, Reese and Karita were already in the queue when Gray Suit reached the train station. They now knew that his name was John Albert Forsythe. That was all they knew other than the couple slept in different bedrooms and didn't speak very much during meals. They followed him to his office building in London and waited for him to disappear into one of the elevators before entering the building. The directory on the wall by the elevators showed that 'John Albert Forsythe, Private Detective, had an office on the 13th floor. 
Later that night, they debated whether a private detective would have private detective security stuff guarding his office door. They decided not to take a chance. They entered the office through the exterior wall as devils. Once in, they changed to pieces of fluff. Forsythe's office consisted of two office spaces plus a small waiting room with two chairs and a receptionist counter. Either the receptionist stood all day behind an empty counter, or there was no receptionist. Forsythe's office was reasonably large and held his desk with printer, an office chair, three client chairs, a horizontal two-level filing cabinet and a full size sofa. Everything in the office had locks including the drawers on his desk. They could get into all those locked areas as fluff, but they wouldn't be able to pull out pieces of paper to read. The fact that everything was locked up tight suggested that they should find a way to see what was inside.
Forsythe used the other office as a storage space guarded by a locked door. That locked door didn't keep out fluff. The office had shelf after shelf filled with private detective gear scattered willy-nilly on top. They recognized cameras but not much else. The closet held more gear, again with some purpose that neither of them could discern. 
We can't do anything here until we know what security he has on his office.
He has to have some protection on the office. 
We wouldn't have triggered it as fluff.
How do we find out what protection he has? 
My brother-in-law, TG, is a security expert.
Which one is TG?
Nary's husband.
Does he know about us being angels?
No.
We don't dare to change into visible bodies here. A camera would see us.
TG is bound to have equipment that can scan for electronic protection. I can ask him for that as well as a camera that we can use without triggering any alarms. 
We can take pictures of everything in the storage area and ask TG what it is. We might be able to use some of it against Forsythe. 
How so?
He might have a lock picker, but first we have to know if the inside of his office is alarmed. I'll talk with TG tomorrow.
 # # # # # # # # 
That Tuesday, an important man in southeast England in a certain town in England, in a certain home in that town received a couriered envelope. That certain man opened it. All that the envelope contained was a map of the southeastern section of England with a big circle around the town where he and his family lived. That important man looked for a return address or an indication of who had sent him the envelope. Finding nothing, he tossed the map in the bin.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8

It's now the next day, Wednesday. 
"TG gave me a lock picker that William had designed," Reese reported. "It only works on electronic locks and locks that have tumblers."
"What are tumbler locks?" 
"They're in the form of a cylinder and they have a relatively big key with notches in it. Turn the key, the pins inside the cylinder will fall into place, and the lock will open. If your key doesn't have the right notches, the lock won't open." 
"That's the kind of lock on the office's front door."
"Yes, and the storage room too. The desk drawers and filing cabinet drawers don't have the type of lock we want."
"How can we open those?"
"Find the key. They are usually small. We'll probably be able to see him locking the desk and filing cabinets if we can put a drone in the office." 
"Can we force them open if we can't find the keys?"
"Yes, but he'll know that somebody was in his office."
"What about electronic security?"
"TG gave me a wand. Wave it in front of the hallway door and the light will flash if the door is alarmed. We'll have to do the same for the windows."
"Shall we go in tonight?"
"I'll do the lock picking and you can do the drones."
 # # # # # # # #
Meanwhile, a certain important man in a certain home in a small city in Kent in southeast England received a couriered envelope. That certain man opened it. All that the envelope contained was a map of the city of Dartford. This time, the important man didn't toss it into the bin.
 # # # # # # # #
Their excursion into the Forsythe's office had gone well. Reese had scanned the office door and windows for alarms and had found nothing. The lock picker had worked well on both doors. While Karita was setting up the drone in the office so that she had a view of Forsythe's desk, Reese was taking pictures of the equipment in the storage room. Karita joined him there and placed two drones that gave her a full view of the room. 
The next morning, both of them visited TG who they hoped would be able to identify what was in Reese's pictures. Karita wanted to come because she wanted to know how the equipment worked. 
TG couldn't identify everything because some of the gear was very old fashioned, but he did know what most of it did. Most important were the visual tools. These included surveillance cameras of different sizes and shapes. All were very small. Some were intended to be hidden, others would be in the open but disguised. He also identified hand held cameras with lots of different lenses. 
On the sound front, Forsythe had bugs that could be hidden just about anywhere, including in clothing. He also owned long distance shotgun microphones, parabolic microphones and laser microphones. 
In terms of physical tools, Forsythe had small incendiary devices, lock pickers, saps, brass knuckles, a switchblade, and a variety of small pistols including one that he could hide in a sleeve. He also had wall climbing suction caps, a pulley and rope system, and various confinement tools including cuffs and plastic restraints. 
For the next two days, Karita and Reese watched the drones live. The filing cabinet had a single lock. A single lock also controlled the three side drawers of the desk. The narrow tray holding small miscellaneous office supplies did not have a lock. 
Forsythe never received a phone call, nor did he make one. A little before Friday noon, he printed something from his pinky ring, added a written note, placed it in an envelope, addressed the envelope, and placed it in his inside suit pocket. The drone was not situated in a place where details of this could be seen. He then left his office for lunch. When he returned, he spent most of the afternoon lying on his office sofa, doing something on his pinky-ring and brain plug. The alarm function on his pinky ring caused him to stop what he was doing. He checked that everything was locked up and left for Paddington Station, presumably. Somewhere along the way, he probably bought a newspaper. 
 # # # # # # # #
That same Friday afternoon, a certain important man in a certain home in Dartford received a couriered envelope. That man opened it. All that the envelope contained was a picture of his house. A scrawled note on the picture warned: Do nothing and everything will be OK. 
 # # # # # # # #
Forsythe didn't go to office on the weekend, but he did on Monday. They took turns sitting in Forsythe's hair waiting for him to print a picture, write something on it, and then give a sealed envelope to a courier. Forsythe never budged from his sofa. 
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday, Karita was on morning hair duty when Forsythe changed his routine slightly. Again, he printed a picture from his pinky ring, but he made two copies and sat down on his desk. Both papers received an annotation of some kind. He was hunched over so much that she couldn't read what he wrote on the first picture. The second message was shorter. Sent June 4, 2097. The picture showed children on an elementary school playground. 
Rather than putting both pictures in an envelope, he placed his right hand under his desk, stood up, pulled a key ring out of his suit pants pocked and unlocked the filing cabinet. He put the picture with the sent date into an unmarked red file folder that was at the extreme right side of the top drawer. The other folders in the cabinet were crammed too tightly for Karita to read the labels. She did see something else beside the red folder. 
Forsythe closed the filing cabinet, locked it, slid the key ring back into its pocket and returned to his desk. Once again, he fiddled with something on the underside of the desk before putting the first picture into an addressed courier envelope and leaving the office. 
Forsythe is leaving now. We have to find a way to follow that envelope. There are children involved.
I'm in his hair now. I'll keep watch on the envelope.
Reese, the filing cabinet is booby-trapped. It has an incendiary device at the bottom of the top pull out drawer. He has an on/off switch underneath his desk, which he twiddles with before opening and closing the top drawer. We didn't see it before because he hadn't opened it until today. The cabinet must have more than one hundred file folders. If I'm right, those folders will reveal whatever he's been doing for years.
How easy will it be to get the key to the filing cabinet? 
Not easy. It won't fall out accidentally from his pants pocket. It's way too tight. We'll have to see what he does with the key ring at home. 
...
I'm sitting on the envelope now. It's addressed to Occupant, 460 Manor Road, Dartford, Kent.
I'll meet you there.
 # # # # # # # #
That afternoon, a certain important man in one of England's ministries living in a rich part of Dartford received a couriered envelope. That man opened it. The envelope contained a picture of a schoolyard. A scrawled note on the picture warned: Your beautiful children will be fine if you don't change your routine. Somebody will be watching your children constantly. Tell nobody about this and they'll live. 

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

Wednesday, Karita was out detecting. Reese was on private detective hair duty. 
I found out who Forsythe is threatening. 
Who?
His name is Robert Nightingale. He is the Head of England's Financial Conduct Authority. The FCA investigates any abnormal changes in the London Stock Exchange and can investigate any company that has acted to increase its stock price. If he finds criminal conduct, he can direct the Ministry of Justice to prosecute the company or any individual involved.
How'd you find that out?
I went to a real estate agent and pretended to be looking for a house to buy around Manor Road. The agent bragged about him living in Dartford and how important he is. 
That means Forsythe is involved in a financial crime. He must have a plan to make money by selling or buying stocks.
How will he do that?
It's too early to tell. He might be trying to get Nightingale to look the other way on some criminal activity, but I don't know how he could do that. The Head of the FCA directs the agency. He has a very big staff that would know what he was doing. 
 # # # # # # # #
He's going to lunch, Karita. There'll be no envelope today.
Let's pretend to go shopping.
Pretend shopping with pretend money?
Yes. I need a filing cabinet for the house. One of those horizontal jobs with a single lock.
Good idea.
Thank you, kind sir. 
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday morning. It was Karita's turn on hair duty. Actually, she was tired of his hair. She was a piece of fluff sitting on the top of the filing cabinet with her teeny-weeny feet dangling over the edge. She abandoned that position when Forsythe started printing out paper.
He's sending another envelope. Different picture this time. 
Message?
It's a long one this time. Nightingale has to make a public announcement Friday morning. I can't see it all. 
No matter. We can listen to the announcement Friday morning. Whatever crime he's committing, he'll do it next week.
Time to get busy.
Finally.
 # # # # # # # #
That Thursday afternoon, Robert Nightingale, the Head of England's Financial Conduct Authority, received a couriered envelope. He went inside to open it. The envelope contained a picture of his two children walking on the sidewalk in front of his house. 
A second page contained written instructions. 
As part of your Friday morning briefing to the press, you will read the following statement: The Financial Conduct Authority is considering investigating one or more companies in the Agricultural Sector. Normally I would not make this news public, but we have already had some leaks about our investigation. It's not right that some insiders can pare their holdings while others might be adding to them. This is all I can say at this time. 
When your staff asks you why they knew nothing of this, tell them that you had just received a tip from an insider. Have them start an inquiry into Chelsea Dairy. 
 I will know if you involve any authorities or if you try to move your children. You cannot hide them from me. Say nothing and your children will be fine.
 # # # # # # # #
Friday morning: Reese and Karita watched the press briefing live. Nightingale took no questions, as he had pre-announced. Speculation surged through the agricultural stocks markets immediately. Stock market commentators reported to their audiences that prices throughout the sector were falling. 
Reese and Karita weren't part of those audiences and couldn't follow the drops. They were busy sitting in MI5's personnel waiting room. At 1:30, they were ushered into a boardroom. 
"Well, you're certainly persistent," a man in a three-piece black suit with a red rose in his lapel said. "I'll give you that." He was about 50 with a thin moustache, a full set of hair that was cropped tight to his head, and a nose that must have been broken several times. Karita noticed that he had large knuckles and big fists. If he hadn't been wearing a rose, she would have labeled him as a thug. Perhaps he was a retired thug. 
"You've been insisting that you have very useful information to give to MI5, but only if we consider letting you work for us. You won't give details of that important information or why we would want to hire you unless you can speak to a person in charge. I'm in charge. Speak to me. You have fifteen minutes."
"What's your name?" Karita asked. 
"Why should I tell you? You won't give us your names."
"We're not public servants who are supposed to serve the public. You are a public servant. You're supposed to give your name when asked." 
"My name is Hawk Spenser. I'm the Assistant Director in charge of Human Resources. I'm the one that approves any hiring that we do. Now it's your turn."
 "My wife and I are private detectives. We want to work for MI5 in the field. We know that anybody working in the field would need to receive extensive training. We have the skills that you would need through our own private detective work. We are willing to inform you of some of our findings in a current operation. That information would be extremely valuable to MI5 since it will reveal a threat to the nation's security. In exchange for that information, we want a job with you. We are willing to go through a trial period. Sharing our findings with you will reveal that we are not beginners. We don't need to be trained."
"Private detectives don't talk about operations. They talk about how many divorces they have caused."
"We don't take that kind of case," Karita jumped in. "We mount operations where criminals are brought to justice. We'll take care of the operations; you can bring the justice."
"You're really her husband?" Spenser asked Reese and ignored Karita.
"Yes." 
"And you would be fine with your wife doing what she will be doing on our operations? What kind of husband are you?"
"I believe that a husband and wife should have equal experiences," Reese reacted. 
"You're fine if you wife has sex with one of targets? You may actually have to be there watching."
"What?"
"When we employ male & female teams, the male directs the operation and performs any spy craft that may be necessary. The female is there strictly for eye candy. Offering her body to a target is a good way to put him at ease. For that, she'll need training that we will provide. Most women know how to have sex, but they don't know how to have good sex. If we don't have enough female field agents, we hire prostitutes for spot duty." 
"The women in MI5 are prostitutes?" Karita asked incredulously.
"Sex is essential in most of our operations. Our men know how to seduce women. That comes naturally for the kind of men we hire. Think of James Bond. He is the model man that we like are agents to emulate. Women only need to be able to lie down, have sex, and then perhaps worm out information afterwards. This is something they can do well, with training of course."
"All of the women in MI5 are whores?"
"No. Of course not. We have female staff members who have office duties. They're the women who didn't want to work in the field."
"Do you have any women in the field who aren't whores?"
"We prefer the word professional operatives."
"Do you have any professional operatives whose main work isn't being professional sex objects?"
"You shouldn't be so biased against them. We believe in equal rights. They have the right to work in jobs for which nature intended them to fill."
"And you're the one who set up that system?"
"I've done my part. We don't mess with success."
Don't say anything more, Karita. "We'll be leaving now, Mr. Spenser."
"Suit yourself."
 # # # # # # # #
"We need a Plan B. Something that doesn't involve MI5." Reese knew that Karita was steaming, which was why he interrupted her before she could unload on Spenser and perhaps reveal too much. Plus, there was the matter of Spenser's face colors.
"Five minutes alone with him. That's all I ask."
"We don't have the time. You have to develop Plan B. You know that I'm no good at that." 
"Two minutes. Make it thirty seconds. Let me warm up my laser first."
"The more he talked with you, the brighter his colors became. He had a lot of red in him. Red is violence. Red destroys the color for compassion."
"Part of being a thug?"
"Perhaps. But he's in charge now. I should not find these colors in high-level security positions. None of the people that talked to us before we met him had any dangerous colors. He may be in charge but he can't do that job well because of his basic thugish approach. We should talk with Fiona Stewart."
"Why?"
"The 'Skins were looking for somebody high in authority who was operating illegally. We may have found him."
 "We have to expose Forsythe and protect the Nightingale family. If we don't expose him to MI5, to whom do we turn to?"
"That's why we have to talk with Fiona, Karita. We have the weekend."
 "We can tell her something important," Karita opened. "Forsythe has told Nightingale several times now that he will know if he changes his routine, or brings in the police. That means that he has eyes on the house. Whatever camera he's using is transmitting directly to his pinky ring. That's why he's spending so much time just lying on the sofa."
"Good. I hadn't thought of that."
"Fiona Stewart, Reese. I need to pick her brain."
"You'll have to reveal what we know."
"But not how we found it. Can you set up a meeting with her for Saturday afternoon?"
"I left on good terms with her. She said she'd give me a reference. I have her card with home contact information. Why the afternoon? Why not earlier?"
"We'll be busy tomorrow morning."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

Saturday morning:
As usual, Karita and Reese used their devil bodies to walk through the wall of Forsythe's office. Karita assumed mortal form and turned off the desk's switch to the incendiary device in the filing cabinet. Reese stayed in his devil body, stuck his hand through the top drawer of the horizontal filing cabinet, and felt around for the locking mechanism they had found when they had gone filing cabinet shopping. It was exactly where it was supposed to be. Imagine that. A tug on that mechanism resulted in a click that prompted Reese to withdraw his hand and assume his real body. Karita lifted both lids and pushed them into their storing location.
"Wow. That's a lot of files," Karita exclaimed. "Did we bring enough storage boxes?"
"We'll find out soon enough. I dropped them on the floor in front of the office door. If I open the door from inside the office, that won't set off any alarms. I'll bring them in and put them together. Why don't you browse?"
 # # # # # # # #
"Forsythe has written a number on the front page of every file I've seen so far," Karita commented. "I think the number represents what his profits were."
"That means Fiona doesn't have to find his company books, if any such thing existed. What are we browsing for?" 
"I'd like to know when he started and let's find his biggest profit too. We can count the number of file folders when we're done."
...
"I counted 132 file folders," Karita said. 
"Earliest date is 2083."
"He's been working for 17 years."
"Close enough. [2097-2083 = 14] Biggest profit was £72,000. That's a lot."
"Yeah, but that wasn't common. I never saw anything more that £30,000."
"Adds up though."
"Being cautious probably paid off. He lasted a long time."
"Here's one folder that didn't have a profit figure. Take a look."
...
"It has contact information only. The name on the folder is Harold Spenser."
"It could be your best friend in MI5."
 "It'll be easy for Fiona to check. I'm sure she can find his home address." 
"If it's Hawk Spenser, that could explain how Forsythe lasted so long."
"It could also explain where he got all of his spy craft toys."
"I bet Spenser gave him the obsolete stuff that MI5 was replacing."
"Those profits on the operations. I bet those were only Forsythe's profits."
"Do you think Spenser has eyes on Nightingale's house."
"Definitely. Between the two of them, they'll have front and back exits covered."
"You were planning to hide the children tomorrow."
"That'll be hard now. We can't get them out without tipping one or both of them off. We can't put anybody into the house to provide protection."
"Don't forget that Forsythe likes incendiary devices!"
"Yuck. Their biggest risk is if Nightingale moves his children out of the house and hides them. That takes away their threat. That why they have been harping about him keeping the children in the house. They protect their secrets with incendiary devices. Either of them could have penetrated that house. Good catch, Reese." 
"Now all you have to do is come up with a plan that will protect the children while catching two men who can see you coming."
"Now I know how Winnie feels." 
"I bet Forsythe used to work for MI5 until he left them in 2083 to open up a private detective firm. He's an experienced MI5 man."
"I didn't need to know that, Reese."
"I'll call a cab. We need a visible way to transport us and the boxes to Fiona's place."
"I hadn't thought of that. Aw, man! I'm losing it."
 # # # # # # # #
"Christmas presents, Reese?" Fiona asked when she opened her door to find two faces peering above two armloads of storage cartons. Behind them, a copter cab took off. 
"Sort of."
"You must be Karita, give me one of those. We're in the living room. Follow me."
...
"Before we start, would you mind if my sister joined us? She might be able to help us. She has experiences that I don't have."
Reese looked at Karita who nodded. "I guess," he said.
"She lives with me. Her job pays her peanuts. SARAH!"
...
"Sarah, this is Reese and his wife Karita." 
Both stood up as she entered, which got them a lot of brownie points. Hands were extended and shaken. 
"Sarah is my younger sister. She works for MI5."
Both Karita and Reese stopped the sitting down process. Reese stepped in front of Karita and both backed away. Reese was sort of in a gunfighter posture. Drawing toy guns and aiming them had been a big part of Reese's childhood.
"What did I say?" Fiona bewildered.
"You're MI5?"
"I'm a glorified secretary. I make tea for a living."
"You refused to have sex with strange men so they wouldn't let you be an operative?" Karita with the question.
"Ahh. I know who you are now," Fiona said. "Relax. Sarah told me about you two. You were the ones who had the pleasure of meeting Old Bird Brain. That's what the MI5 women call Hawk Spenser when we can't be heard. I call him the raving misogynist."
"You must have pushed a lot of his buttons," Sarah said. "He was ranting about two lunatic private detectives Friday afternoon. The female staff enjoyed it."
"You can trust Sarah. Hawk Spencer is a very unpopular man in MI5. He's also very powerful."
Reese and Karita resumed sitting.
"Let me guess," Fiona started. "As a child you played with toy guns. One gun or two?"
"Two."
"I played with one. My left hand was useless."
"I was the dirty scoundrel," Sarah confessed. "I got to die gruesome deaths. I refused to die if she messed up on the quick draw."
"Stupid trigger on the gun didn't always work."
"Stupid finger on the stupid trigger wasn't always in the right position."
"What about you, Karita? Were you a dangerous gun-toting sharpshooter off to kill all the bad guys?"
"Not back then. I am now."
"She's going to destroy Hawk Spenser," Reese bragged.
 # # # # # # # #
"Reese is right," Fiona said. "You can tie all of these documents to Forsythe with handwriting analyses, but you can't prove that anything happened. These cartons can provide supporting evidence, but that's all." 
"None of the victims can prove anything," Sarah added to the bad news. "I doubt that they ever saw either of them."
"You can't prove that Forsythe was living above his means," Fiona stated. "Nobody knows how much private detectives make in a year."
"Spenser is home free right now," Sarah added to the gloom.
"We believe that one of them planted an incendiary device in Nightingale's home," Karita tried to stem the tide of bad news. "Would there be fingerprints?"
"Possibly on the old models," Sarah admitted. "They have two flat surfaces. Field training does not require the devices to be wiped after being inserted. It's quite awkward to do that."
"How do you know that, Sarah?" Karita asked.
"All of us glorified secretaries went through field training. It was only after we passed and were invited to lend out our bodies for King and Country that we were told what our job really was. As secretaries, we attend meetings where field reports are analyzed. As secretaries, we are privy to planning meetings. We know just about everything that goes on in MI5. I'll be able to tell you, for example, if Forsythe is a former MI5 agent, for example. I just can't research that from here."
"That's not important," Karita assured. "Can you find that incendiary device if you're in the building?"
"Yes."
"Can you find what they are using to surveil the Nightingale house?"
"Yes."
"Can you turn the cameras off remotely?"
"Yes, by destroying them. But, that would immediately alert both of them that we were onto them. They'll have an escape plan. Spenser, in particular, could easily find employment with antagonistic countries. This would be very bad for Britain."
"Might the surveillance equipment have fingerprints?"
"Operatives aren't trained to worry about fingerprints on devices. A suspect has no way to tie the device to a particular agent. It's possible that we can get Spenser on that. But proving he committed a crime is a leap. Fiona?"
"She's right. His fingerprints would raise a lot of suspicion. It might actually cost him his job if Senior Management wanted to take that step."
"They wouldn't do that. MI5 is an old boys club. They all went to the right schools. He might receive a formal warning."
"Sarah's right. Here's what I need to win a conviction. Ideally, two confessions that are completely unassailable. Failing that, you need to tie the two of them together so that the guilt of one extends to the other. Can you do that, Karita?"
"Yes."
"Really?" Sarah asked.
"While getting the two girls out of harm's way," Fiona asked.
"Yes, but we'll need some help."
"Name it."
"Tomorrow, I need to know where Spenser and Forsythe are at all times."
 "Four of us tea makers can do that."
"Reese and I will need to be part of your communications network so that you can notify us when they move."
"I can get into the office and bring you two head sets after we're through here. You'll need code names."
"Holmes and Watson," Reese inspired.
"Really?" Karita asked. "Which one am I?"
"Holmes of course. I'll sit by and admire your work."
"Can I have him, Karita?" Sarah asked. "I'm between boy friends right now."
"It's been two years since her last date."
"Three years for you."
"We'll need MI5 surveillance gear. Audio and visual. Reese and I will install. We'll need to know what to do."
"I can pick up that with the communications gear. I'll show you how."
"We'll lure both of them to Forsythe's. We'll need a team of agents who will be in Forsythe's building but on a different floor from his office. Reese will use the communications gear to inform them when to break into the office and put them under restraints. You can take them wherever you have to take them." 
"What about protecting two girls?" Reese asked Karita.
"That will be tricky. The super secretaries will have to put on a show." 
"A show?"
"Lights, cameras, action. That kind of thing. Here's the story you'll have to sell."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Sunday, around noon.
I've picked up our drones.
I'm almost finished putting up the MI5 cameras.
Your fingerprints?
There'll be none.
What are we doing with the incendiaries in the filing cabinet?
Let's leave them alone. I'd cut the wires if I knew which one to cut.
Nothing is in the drawers, so there's no danger of a fire spreading.
Where's Dirty Scoundrel?
Sarah is down the street from here. She's waiting for us to open the outside door. The other two in her crew are sitting in the park. They'll set up one floor down. If we turn right when we leave, they won't see us.
Time?
Two minutes to go. 
...
The game's afoot.
What are you trying to say, Reese?
We should go now. That was a Sherlock Holmes expression for when he was about to start an operation.
Actually, Shakespeare used it first. King Henry IV. About 1600. 
What did Shakespeare say about crooked MI5 agents?
Off with their heads. Richard III.
You have to find a life in this century, Karita.
 # # # # # # # #
Cue the birthday guests, Gunslinger.
They're ready to start.
Lights, cameras, action.
 # # # # # # # #
"I have eight girls coming down the street, Hawk. They're wearing party clothes and carrying gift-wrapped parcels. Two moms are with them."
"Keep an eye on them."
"They're going up the walk. The door is opening. Both Nightingale girls are letting them in. Happy-happy jumping around. What do we do, Hawk?"
 "We can't do anything. We should have put eyes inside the house."
"What if Nightingale tries to sneak the girls out with the other girls at the end of the party?"
"I have to watch the back. How quickly can you get here to watch the front?"
"I'm watching from my home. What would I do if I were there?"
"You could trigger the incendiary if we needed it."
"You'd burn all those girls up?"
"It would be an accidental fire that started in the basement."
"I won't agree to murdering young girls, Hawk."
"Let's wait until they party is over before we decide what to do. We're not in any danger here. Nightingale doesn't know who's been sending him the envelopes. He doesn't know about me at all. The worst that can happen is we cancel the operation."
 # # # # # # # #
Holmes, we've neutralized the incendiary device in the home. We found a big fat fingerprint.
Thank you, Gunslinger. Keep the party inside.
 # # # # # # # #
I have a very bad feeling about this.
"I have a very bad feeling about this," John Forsythe said.
Nightingale would know not to take this kind of chance. Something is wrong.
"Nightingale would know not to take this kind of chance. Something is wrong," Hawk Spenser warned.
He's calling our bluff.
"He's calling our bluff."
He wouldn't do that on his own.
"He wouldn't do that on his own."
He's receiving outside advice. Those two women were police. 
"He's receiving outside advice. Those two women were police."
They don't know who we are so they're waiting for one of us to show up on the street.
"They don't know who we are so they're waiting for one of us to show up on the street."
"We're safe if we don't reveal ourselves."
"If there's an investigation, I'll hear about it. You can take a holiday."
"I'll shut down the office."
The office! It has all the files.
"The office! It has all the files."
"We're still good. We'll go to the office and incinerate the files."
"I'll meet you outside."
"Don't draw attention to yourself. Remember your training."
 # # # # # # # #
"Gun Slinger, stop cameras and print."
"I'll send the crew home, Watson. All of the girls were daughters of super secretaries. They had fun. We had cake and ice cream." 
"Dirty Scoundrel, two guests are on their way."
"Thank you, Watson. Will you be there?"
"No. We need to stay anonymous."
"Shall we meet again at Gunslinger's? One week to the hour from when we met first? We'll talk about what comes next."
"Done."
 # # # # # # # #
"I thought you said that smoke would be coming out of the file cabinet."
"I don't understand," Forsythe puzzled. "We broke into the office and that was supposed to trigger the incendiary device immediately. We only waited for a minute. We should still see smoke in the office."
"I don't sniff a whiff of smoke," Harold sniffed in disapproval and opened the top drawer. "You idiot. I don't see any files. The incendiary device is just sitting there all by itself."
Forsythe rushed to his desk and felt underneath. "The switch has been turned off."
"Somebody stole all the files. What was in them?"
"Copies of all of the communications that I had with the targets plus pictures. I also wrote in how much money that we made from each target."
"Did you mention me?"
"I had a file that had your contact information."
"Did you use my real name?"
"I used Harold Spenser."
"Clever of you to change only the first name. And you put in my address?"
"Yes, so that I could go to your place if I had to meet with you personally. Not all of our operations went smoothly, you know."
"They could be at my house now. They could be at your house."
"Who?"
"Whoever stole the files. Scotland Yard probably. Nightingale must have squealed. We don't have much time. I'll have to leave the country."
"What am I supposed to do?"
"I'll take you with me."
"I need money."
"Don't worry about money. I know several agencies that would give me a lot of money if I told them everything I know about MI5. I'll split it with you - 75% for me and 25% for you." 
[He just said the magic words. Let's pick them up.]
[Thirty seconds, Dirty Scoundrel.]
"It should be even. That's what we agreed to do with the coercion operations."
"You have no value to whatever country I go to. Be happy that I'm giving you 25%. We gotta go."
...
"Sarah. What are you doing here?"
"Hawk. I was listening to you confessing to 132 crimes on the hidden camera in this office. Then you confessed that you were planning to sell state secrets to a foreign power. That's treason. Treason is a hanging offense. Your buddy is implicated too. Glorified Secretaries, you can cuff them now and put manacles on their feet."
"You have no jurisdiction."
"I'm a fully trained member of MI5. What size shirt collar do you have Hawk? Looks like a 17 to me. The rope should fit just right."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

It's been a week since Winnie left Heaven for places unknown. She had been fiddling with a deck of cards the last time you saw her. I can now tell you that she is on the planet Cosmos, and more specifically, hiding in the Cosmos government complex. You probably figured that out already seeing as how Justice had asked her to give the new Vice President some help in achieving a better gender balance for the staff in the Cosmos Ministry of Justice. 
That was way back in Chapter 3. Relax. You haven't missed anything. Winnie has studied the schematic that Justice created. Males filled all the important jobs. Guess which gender filled the other jobs. 
Winnie studied the males who were in the important jobs with the intent of narrowing that group down to a manageable number. She charted who hung around together, for example in the cafeteria. For her plan to work, members of that exclusive group also had to have a female reporting to them directly. That meant that a female would be next in line to be promoted to her boss' job if something happened to him, career-wise. I'm sure you can see where she's going with this plan. What you don't know is how she's going to do it. 
Murder was out, as were accidental dismemberment and unexpected walks into space without a suit. She found out that all of these men were performing their job adequately. They wouldn't be in that job otherwise since the cosmocracy required regular job evaluations. Mind you, there had never been a job evaluation conducted as to whether the person in the subordinate position would do the job better. Those men were the cork in the bottle stopping fuzzy-thinking females from climbing the ladder. 
The Cosmos had not placed the cork in their career path deliberately. Nobody knew that these men were corks, including the corks. The sad fact was that the position the women were striving for was simply beyond their ability. The jobs were important. As such, men could do them. Women couldn't. Orderly minds were needed; emotional thinking was verboten. Talking too much? Also forbidden. Being a shrill bitch? Definitely a no-no. The women obviously weren't men, and for that reason, they didn't have the skills to do an important job. 
Winnie spent the weekend, hiding in the building complex and checking the computers of her targeted group. In all six cases, they were missing an important piece of software. She made sure that the software was in their computers. Now, all she had to do was ensure that somebody found it. After that, she'd let nature take its course.
 # # # # # # # #
It was Monday afternoon, about 2:30. This is the time of the day when lunch is being digested, brains are becoming drowsy, and minds are wandering. A thought squeezed itself into a manager's mind.
I should take a little break from the computer. My shoulders are tight.
Manager A got up, walked around his office, stretching. The thoughts kept coming. 
I should clear my mind. 
(Well, that was a good idea. Clearing his mind would help him wake up.)
I should find something entertaining on the computer. 
(An equally good idea.) 
I bet they have computer games in the cosmocracy library.
(By golly, the library did.)
What's this? Learn to play poker? I wonder if they give the odds for filling a flush.
(Would you believe that the site gave odds for every poker combination?)
What's this? Practice your skills. Play poker online. Free. I should try that. I'll play just one hand.
 # # # # # # # #
It's the next day, Tuesday morning, about 10:30. Six managers were sitting at a cafeteria table, leaning forward and listening to what Manager A had found out. He started to describe the game he had played. That led to a bout of sniggering. 
You may not have noticed this before. When members of the same gender are huddling together and sharing secret information, they express their enjoyment with different behaviors. Women form a tight huddle so that they can't be overheard. The tightness and their whispers indicate that they are gossiping about some other woman. This form of gossiping is lethal. At least to the target. Those that can reveal the juiciest morsel receive admiration. Those that don't participate become a target next huddle. 
Men do the tight huddle too. In their case, they snigger. Only men can snigger. They learn how to snigger when they enter puberty. It starts with a suppressed giggle, which is unmanly, so that's why it is suppressed. It moves quickly to a snort that is half swallowed so that air gets in the windpipes producing either hiccoughs of more snorting. In extreme cases, there may be a snort ending in a guffaw. These sounds are contagious. Men snigger when they are exchanging male gossip. Male gossip is always about women who are dressed in a lewd fashion or aren't wearing any clothes at all. 
"I swear," Manager A solemnly sniggered. "You won't be disappointed. I'll send you the link. Check it out when you take a break."
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday morning, about 10:30. Six managers were sitting at a table, in pre-snigger mode. Manager A was talking. "l don't know how many there are. I think they are generated randomly. We should play a few hands. Strictly to see how good the random generator is."
Then, they all sniggered. 
That noon hour, all six signed into the poker software from their office, which had walls and a door. They also had a window showing a view of the workers who weren't eligible for formal offices that had blinds that could be dropped for privacy purposes. These staff worked in the office bullpen. 
The game went a little long. Research can be time consuming. They agreed that twenty-five images of naked women were superimposed on the face cards of the deck. The eight red heads were jacks; the eight blondes were queens; the eight brunettes were kings. 
All women were humanoid, of course. But, the type of humanoid that was depicted varied, just like the type of women in the Cosmos varied. In that sense, the game was showing no preference to body type, except for the bald woman who served as the sole wild card or joker in the deck. She had particularly nice eyes.
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday, the game went into overtime. Not only did they have to cope with the appeal of the face cards, but now they were playing for pretend money. The person who won could download and keep the image he wanted. They went back to work at 3:30.
 # # # # # # # #
Friday afternoon. VP Resolute couldn't help but notice that six of his managers had pulled their window blinds down for an abnormally long time yesterday and today. He couldn't help but notice this because his mind kept returning to the question that rolling around in his mind: What are those guys doing in their offices?
Resolute was a pragmatic spud. He could delegate authority and have somebody ask them. Or, he could call them in and ask them himself. Or he could simply find out by walking unexpectedly into one of the offices. That last option was what his mind was suggesting.
Guess what he did.
Guess what he thought about the nudity. This is an easy question. He had three daughters, all at about the same age as the face card images.
Guess what he thought about the joker. He never even noticed the nice eyes. He did notice the bald head. Man-o-man, did he notice that bald head. 
All six managers were demoted and banished to the bullpen that afternoon. The reasons for the demotion were: disrespect to women of the Cosmos; playing a lewd game during work hours, and gambling during work hours. The staff below them on the organizational chart were promoted and were in their offices Monday morning. On the weekend, the IT staff searched through every computer in the complex and removed the offending software. Fortunately, only six cases were found. Resolute was content that he had nipped this contagion in the bud. I should reassure my readers that the bud that he nipped was not a potato bud. Potato buds are nipped off as part of Spud's birth control protocols and discussion of this procedure is for mature eyes only. 
Those of you who appreciate irony, should consider this: Winnie used cards of naked women to fight back against the practice of making women into sexual objects. Men don't understand irony. They think it's what women use to get the wrinkles out of their clothes. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

Sarah Stewart was watching the road in front of her sister's house from a vantage point in her bedroom on the second floor when she saw Karita and Reese walk into view. A minute later the doorbell rang and Fiona called up the stairs for her to come down. The guests were already seated when she walked into the living room, scrubbing her hair dry with a hand towel. "You caught me in a shower. Good to see you again," she said and sat down in the nearest armchair and put the towel on the floor beside her.
"Forsythe has agreed to testify in exchange for the death penalty coming off the table," Fiona, the prosecuting lawyer, started. "He also has to identify all of his investment accounts where he had stashed his money from his crimes."
"You should probably tell them how he was going to make money from Livingstone's announcements," Sarah from MI5 suggested. "Not many people know much about the stock markets."
"We certainly don't," Karita confessed.
"Most people buy stocks with the hopes that the stock value will go up," Fiona started. "But you can also make money when the value of a stock goes down. It's called 'shorting' a stock.' Livingstone's first announcement caused the stock of a company named Chelsea Dairy to go down a moderate amount. Livingstone's second announcement that Chelsea Dairy was under investigation would have caused the price to go down a lot if he had been able to make it. An FCA investigation into a company is usually bad news. Forsythe would have cashed in and made a lot of money."
"What happens to his investments now?"
"A government trustee will manage those investment with the aim to sell the stocks for a reasonable amount. The cash will go into a government fund that holds other proceeds from crimes. I don't know where it will go from there."
"What about his house?" Karita again.
"His wife was the sole owner of the house, which she inherited from her family. She claims to have known nothing about Forsythe's crimes. She says he changed after he retired from MI5 and he refused to tell her where he was getting his income. She become suspicious and their marriage effectively failed at that point."
 "MI5 has replaced Spenser with his subordinate," Sarah volunteered. 
"Will anything change in MI5?" Karita asked. 
"Bluntly, no. Women will remain glorified secretaries; prostitutes will supplement their income with government money. I could probably give both of you a probationary posting as operatives, but that would mean you'd have to disclose what you did to catch Spenser and how you did that. I suspect you wouldn't want MI5 brass learning that."
"We won't tell you either," Reese revealed. "We have technological ways of finding information that other private detectives don't know how to do. Revealing our secrets to MI5 would be foolish for us. They wouldn't be secret for long. Their security sucks. They had a criminal in their midst for 14 years."
"I wouldn't recommend that you join us either," Sarah said. "Some people in the organization thought highly of Spenser. They still do. They'd find ways to sabotage you."
"Or worse?" Karita asked.
"Yes. MI5 agents are allowed to exceed the boundaries of conventional behavior. Our field agents are allowed to play dirty. If criminals play dirty, we play dirty back with no repercussions provided that an agent has received clearance from above. If somebody wanted to get back at you, they'd know how to do it without being caught."
"Well, thanks for the update," Reese said and started to stand up. 
Sarah looked at Karita who remained sitting.
Nobody said anything. Sarah and Karita continued to look at each other. Reese stayed in half standing and half sitting mode.
Sarah spoke first. "Fortunately, some of us would be willing to exceed the boundaries of internal conventional MI5 behavior."
"Would you explain internal?" Karita asked.
"Operatives in the field often rely on information gathered through internal research, for example obtaining building plans if an illegal entry were required. Senior management also relies on information gathered through internal research, for example the impact of organized crime on certain businesses. That research requires brain, not brawn. Glorified secretaries such as myself do that research. We are not expected to know everything. We are allowed to contact experts in the field, with the mutual understanding that the information about the researcher will not be released to anybody in MI5 or in the justice system itself. Revealing an MI5 source could be fatal for the source. Would collecting information of this type interest you? You'd be an anonymous source. We could give you a small stipend."
"We'll have to step outside to talk about it," Karita said.
 # # # # # # # #
"Good idea to step outside," Reese said.
"We have to be careful with Sarah. She was looking at us from an upstairs bedroom when we arrived. She said she was in a shower, but she wasn't. The towel she was using was dry. How are her colors?"
"Fine. Same as Fiona's actually. They both have a mauve streak on light green that I haven't seen before. Green is ambition. I'm not sure about the mauve."
"Can you talk and mind message at the same time?"
"Not well." 
"Neither can I. So, mind messaging in front of her is out. What do you think?"
"I don't want to do research in a library. That's what I was doing with Fiona."
"I have some questions too. Do you mind if I take the lead?"
"Go ahead. You know what I want."
 # # # # # # # #
"Who would give us the assignments and help us if necessary?" Karita started.
"I would," Sarah replied. "I have other sources too. Communicating with them frequently takes me out of the office. We would agree on a location where we would meet safely. There'd be no clandestine message drops."
"What if we were too busy?"
"Turn it down. No pressure."
"Sherlock Holmes frequently turned down assignments that were too boring. What if we thought your research assignment was too boring?"
"Turn it down. You've been researching Sherlock Holmes?"
"I like to read. What does MI5 get out of our research?"
"The brawn part of MI5 gets nothing. Perhaps MI5's credibility goes up a bit. The question you need to ask is: What does England get out of your involvement."
"Consider it asked."
"The people who have been wronged by the people you're investigating will receive justice that otherwise might have been denied. Assuming of course that you succeed like you did with Forsythe and Spenser."
"Good answer. Reese wants justice above all. He won't do this otherwise. Here's a personal question."
"Shoot."
"How do you benefit personally?"
"I will get satisfaction for justice being served. I won't be promoted. I won't even receive a hearty handshake and a thump on the back. Nothing about MI5 will change until we get a Minister of Justice who has the authority and desire to dismantle the old MI5 and replace it with a new one."
"How long will that take?"
"Fiona can answer that."
"Ten years is my best guess. I'm one year away from making partner. Assume three years to be noticed by the current Minister. Then four years in positions where I learn how to be a bureaucrat. Add two years where I learn to be a politician. It's doable, but I may need help with occasional research projects." 
"How would we communicate? Our work frequently takes us away from London."
"I didn't ask for your headsets back. They'll need a little tweaking for long distance communications. How far away would you be?"
"Not all that far. Sarah, if we take this offer, you'll have to stop researching us."
"Actually, that was my idea," Fiona said. "I wanted to know how observant you were. You passed."
"So did you," Karita said and Reese nodded in agreement.
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 14 

Lilith was sitting in the sterile room when Kyty opened the door. Harry was already in his mobile pool.
"Am I late?" Kyty asked.
Harry squeaked and the translator chip produced, "No. Our meeting is running late. Have a seat. Carry on, Lilith. You were saying something about hellcat bodies."
"All of the hellcats had been forced to have small bodies and to be able to work in pleasure palaces. Now that I have complete control of Hades, I'm putting everybody through the devil-body machine. We'll have normal devil-size bodies now."
"Any push back from Satan?"
"No. We've set up our own Bank of Hades and that's based on Earth under a different name, of course. We have accountants who have the necessary skills to manage it."
"Are they on Earth?"
"Yes, in mortal bodies, but we aren't doing any torturing. I thought you should know about that."
"I do need to know that. It's not a violation of the Heaven/Hell treaty, so I don't see a problem. You're running all your purchases through the bank?"
"Yes, and we have purchase agents who are in the same building as the bank. We're buying mostly construction supplies for now. We'll bring in casino equipment next."
"Source of funding?"
"The gold that Luigi gave us. We've rebuilt the slide that the devils destroyed and are working on a second. The income from those and the gold will take us through the construction of the casino. After that, we'll have plenty of sincome from the devils."
"Anything else I need to know?"
"No."
"Are you keeping an eye on Satan and his SSS?"
"Yes, but you don't need to know that."
[Meghan had told the hellcats that Minka (Maddy) had agreed to convert to a devil body and work under-scale in Hell. Maddy showed up in Hades as her schedule allowed her to perpetuate that lie. Meghan also had information coming to her through her janitor friends.] 
"You're right. I don't need to know. You never heard that, Kyty."
"Heard what?"
# # # # # # # #
"Lilith, you don't need to worry about using Lucifus' trident ship. Luigi's ruled that they had to give the ship to you. I'll set up the airlock as a portal so that you access it directly. Let me know when you're ready to do that. Don't put it near your portal to Enterprise.3. That could scramble the electronics. Lucifus will also train two of your hellcats to pilot the ship. You can probably negotiate a side deal whereby they will provide maintenance for a fee. They'll be anxious to sell you that." 
"Lilith and I have an agreement that we'd like to run by you. Luigi said that we should put everything in writing, so here we are."
"Go ahead, Kyty."
"Hades will send us two groups of ten mining hell-kittens who will work in our gold mines. Each group will be on a two weeks on, two weeks off schedule. Hades will be responsible for transportation." 
"Hell-kittens?" 
"I am allowed to remove female souls from Hell's torture pits. Periodically, I will remove two groups of ten souls who have received a sentence of at least three years in the pits. Each group will go to Planet Panther where they will work as miners in a final test whether they've been tortured enough. We'll have to decide later how long they have to be in the mines before we take them out of the torture pits completely. At that point, they will return to Hades where they will receive hellcat bodies and be accepted into full membership in Hades. Then, I'll take out two more groups of ten."
"How will you know if they are ready to leave the pits permanently?"
"That's Planet Panther's responsibility," Kyty answered. "We'll supervise their work and I will use my skills to evaluate each kitten."
"Payment?" Harry asked.
"We provide the miners for free because Planet Panther is providing a final test. They benefit and we benefit."
"Neither of us is interested in money changing hands," Kyty added. 
"It appears that Planet Panther is benefitting more from this agreement than Hades. The gold that the hell-kittens mine will be very valuable."
"It's very important for us that we pull deserving souls out of the torture pits and place them in a supportive environment. Torture for eternity is excessive. Kyty gets miners; we get more hellcats who can then join us in our recreational enterprises."
"And the more hell kittens that you pull out of the pits, the closer you move to having control over all of Hell." Harry wasn't buying this yet.
"I'm content just keeping Satan under control. I have no desire to be in charge of devils torturing mortals."
"Are you willing to confirm that with a truth ray deposition? Planet Panther is getting an extraordinary deal." Harry again.
"Truth ray on Lilith. I'm content just keeping Satan under control. Truth ray off Lilith."
"I'll approve this contract provided that you build in a clause that provides for a re-negotiation every two years."
"Agreed."
"Agreed."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Wednesday, June 19.
"Resolute, the other members of the executive and I meet regularly on Fridays after work. The meeting is informal, but it gives us a chance to catch up with what all of us are doing in work and out of work while we are relaxing and enjoying our favorite beverages. Why don't you join us? We haven't seen you much. Regards, Diaper Stink."
[The chip that translates different planetary languages into English doesn't always pronounce the name correctly. Who are we to complain if it comes up with a name that is less than flattering sometimes?] 
# # # # # # # #
Wednesday, June 19.
"Kyty, just a quick note to tell you that Double-Ought will be shipping out to Angelion today to help us field test some changes that we've made to Panther.1. All are improvements that will make the ship better. The lieutenant who has been working with Double-Ought on his fitness, diet, and battle skills has reported that he has grown considerably bigger and stronger. She also reports that he has learned to respect the female gender. Much of that is because she has been fighting him physically in battle simulations. This is the first time that he has been able to fight her to a draw. The trip to Angelion was his reward. Regards, Galahad."
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday, June 19.
"Angelion Government Executive: Be aware that I am taking a holiday from my duties and will not be available for meetings for a week. I will remain on the planet. My secretary can reach me but only in cases of an emergency. President Ritchit."
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday, June 19.
"Lilith: Your trident spaceship will be arriving tomorrow. Lucifus has given its former Trident.4 a thorough examination and has repainted the exterior. In keeping with protocol, it has been registered in Cosmos records as Hades.1. The Lucifus pilot will set up the self-contained dock and test it. I will create the portal to that dock from the location you have chosen. On Friday, the pilot will give your two pilots, yourself and anybody else you want a tour of the ship. Pilot training will commence on Friday. Regards, Harry."
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday, June 19.
"Diaper Stink, thank you for the invitation. My three daughters are arriving in Cosmos on Friday and I will be tied up with my family. Regards, Resolute." 
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday, June 19.
"222B, please respond."
"This is 222B."
"Can you meet Saturday 1 pm?"
"Yes. Usual place?"
"Confirmed."
# # # # # # # #
Wednesday, June 19.
"Doppel."
"Ganger. What's up, Justice?"
"We should talk. How's Saturday?"
"That's good for me. Where?"
"I'm not sure where I'll be. Lock onto my ship. Doppel."
"Ganger."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 16

Saturday:
"I have an assignment for you if you're interested," Fiona said. Holmes and Watson were meeting in Fiona's living room along with Sarah. 
[Reese and Karita were now answering calls from Sarah and Fiona as '222B', which was Holmes and Watson's street number as in 222b Baker Street.] 
Reese pulled a dear stalker hat out of a pocket and put it on. Karita had a hat as well. A collapsible black top hat. "We're listening," Holmes said.
"You're Holmes now, Reese?" Sarah asked.
"Why should Karita have all the fun?"
"I wasn't expecting an assignment from a law firm," Watson said. 
"Do you mind? This one came up suddenly and the case bothers me. I'm prosecuting it and I want to be sure that I'm going to convict a criminal."
"Are you sure you'll get a conviction?"
"Yes. The accused has been convicted of a similar crime before, he will not present himself well in front of a jury, and he has an inexperienced lawyer."
"What's the charge?" Watson asked. She had a notebook open on her lap.
"Assault of a teenage girl."
"Sexual assault?"
"No. Physical assault. Ribs were cracked. Some other damage too. Lots of blood."
"That doesn't sound like much of a crime," Watson doubted.
"The father is very important. He wants to pay my firm a lot of money; he is insisting that I prosecute."
"Did Scotland Yard investigate?" Holmes asked.
"Yes. They are convinced he did it. The media investigated too. They found him guilty too. The father owns The Daily Male."
"That's the one that always has a risqué picture of a guy on the second page," Sarah informed. 
[Note the spelling of The Daily MALE.]
"How bad is the suspect's reputation besides having a previous charge of assault?" Watson again.
"Very bad. He's not a nice person."
"What do you think, Watson?"
"It's your case, Holmes."
"We'll take it."
"Will you be giving us copies of his record plus findings from Scotland Yard's investigation?"
"No. That could come back on me. Read The Daily Male. Somehow, they managed to get everything that the Yard found."
"A paid leak?"
"They claimed it was sound journalism."
 # # # # # # # #
Saturday.
"Where are we?" Winnie asked.
"Does it matter?' Justice asked.
"Not really. What's up?"
"I see that Resolute has more women in his management team now."
"Really? How'd that happen?"
"The former managers were gambling during office hours using a pornographic deck of cards."
"Wow. How stupid can you get? Does that mean that you don't want me to nudge Resolute now? I'm still having trouble getting into the complex."
"You can drop the fake innocent act. Did you know that the Directors of the Cosmos meet every two years and their next meeting is August 9 this year?"
"I did not know that."
"Zale is a director now. Do you know of any other potential female candidates for the Board of Directors?"
"Queen Guinevere from Heaven would be good, but Heaven isn't a planet. Lilith from Hades would also be good but Hades isn't a planet. You know way more planets than I do. Could anybody get elected?"
"No. Three other planets have female CEOs, but these planets are not well known."
"What about Kyty-Lytr from Planet Panther? She's establishing a gold mining business."
"There's a zero chance of a non-humanoid candidate being elected."
"That's a shame. Kyty is a strong administrator."
"Sentient animals face way more prejudice than women. Should we be looking at discouraging another executive from running for another term?"
"They're laying low for now."
"How do you know that?"
"Removing two executives in the space of two years would be risky. We should wait for them to resume their nefarious ways."
"How will we know that they are resuming their nefariouness?"
"You made up that word."
...
"How's Galahad?"
"He's working on developing an unstoppable space ship. We'll be taking over the Cosmos next week. I brought us some chocolate goodies."
"Chocolate, yum."
...
"How's the chocolate trading?"
... 
"Have you blinded anybody recently with your light?"
... 
 # # # # # # # #
Saturday still.
"Current sensor strategy has been around ever since the 1900s. Send out a beam of some kind. If a vehicle is nearby, the particles of the beam will bounce off the vehicle's fuselage and return to the sending ship. The closer the two ships are to each other, the sooner the particle will bounce back. The speed of the bounce back allows ships to calculate the distance between the two ships. As you approach to the target ship, the more focused the sensor beam will be. That makes its harder for the target ship to escape. Usually, a highly experienced crewmember will be in charge of the sensors. That experience is necessary because if you are in a targeted ship, you could be destroyed if the pursuing ship gets within shooting range. That pursuing ship's weapons will be coordinated with the sensors for maximum accuracy. Do you understand, Private?"
That was Galahad explaining. He was in Panther.1 along with Private Double-Ought and Lieutenant Angela. Jacob and Ritchit were in Heaven.1, Heaven's best space ship. They were well away from the solar system where they might have been seen or heard by Hell's trident.
"Yes, Sir."
Double-Ought was manning [panthering?] the saucer's command control station. Lieutenant Angela was sitting in front of the navigation console. They were sailing slowly on a steady course using impulse engines. Heaven.1 was 20 seconds behind.
"Heaven.1, activate sensors." Galahad ordered.
A pinging sound was immediately heard.
"This sound can be unnerving if you are the ship hearing it," Galahad said. "Heaven.1, increase speed. Private, maintain your speed and direction." 
...
"What have you observed, Private?"
"The pings became louder and closer together as they closed in on us."
"Yes. In a battle, we would have been space debris by now. Rough rule of thumb, if there's ten seconds between pings, you might survive. Anything less than that, you probably won't."
"Don't ships have electronic shields that can prevent damage?"
"Good question, Cadet. Yes they do. But when the ships are within ten seconds of each other, those shields will not stop a concentrated laser beam. Your shields are not expected to stop a torpedo either. Panther.1 had some archaic shields fore and aft. We took them off. Electronic shields operate off solar power. The more solar power you use to protect your ship, the slower you will go. This is tolerable for big ships with lots of solar power receptors. Panther.1 is not a big ship. Private, you will protect the ship by being elusive."
"I can do that."
"Heaven.1, prepare for Test 1. Both ships will be at half speed. Heaven.1, go to full speed when the pings are five seconds apart. Private, get your ship away from the stalker."
...
"That was easy."
"It should have been. A saucer ship is more maneuverable than the traditional rocket ship."
"Heaven.1, prepare for Test 2. Both ships will start at full speed now with impulse engines. Panther.1 will attempt to shake Heaven.1 when pings are five seconds apart."
...
"Easy again."
"Heaven.1 is faster than the saucer when both ships are going in a straight line, Private. Again, Panther.1 is more maneuverable. Heaven.1, who was flying that ship?"
"I was, Galahad."
"I thought so, Ritchit. You were going up against the best, Private. The lesson is: your saucer should be able to escape a pursuing single ship. You should even be able to dodge several pursuers. Plus, you can go into warp if they get too close. Clear?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Heaven.1, move into position for Test 3, the head-on collision."
 # # # # # # # #
"Private, you know that the ship has enough maneuverability that it can elude any pursuit. But, this ship is not intended to elude. Its purpose is to strike at an enemy ship. You've been playing defense. Now, you can go on offense. In this series of tests, you will attack an enemy ship head on. Heaven.1, can you see us visually?"
"Affirmative, Galahad."
"Reverse course until you can't."
...
"Panther.1 is now out of sight."
"Ping once."
[Ping.]
 "Lieutenant Angela, activate shields. It's the green button to your right."
"Shields activated, Admiral."
"Heaven.1, close your vision port. We will advance on you slowly. Begin pinging now." 
...
"Heaven.1, open your vision port. How close are we?"
"I estimate 100 metres, Galahad. You appear to be almost within touching distance."
"Private, tell me what just happened."
"I never heard a ping. Their sensors failed to detect the ship."
"Correct, Private. Sensors work by bouncing a signal off a metal ship. The shields that Lieutenant Angela activated are a composite collection of materials that absorb the beam, instead of reflecting it. We placed that composite material on the front fuselage that would be facing the enemy if we were attacking it. Activating the shields heats the exterior of the fuselage underneath that composite material. The heat makes the materials more absorbable. The profile of an attacking saucer is very thin to begin with. These special shields now make the saucer invisible to a ship that relies on sensors to warn it. We are not invisible to a ship that has its vision ports open. Understood?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Heaven.1. Remain in place with vision ports open and sensors searching. We will leave you now."
"Private, take us out of range of their vision ports and then assume an attack position where you are facing Heaven.1."
...
"Now, take us further back. I want you to be attacking at max speed."
... 
"Ready, Sir."
"Aim for the central vision port, but slide away safely underneath Heaven.1. This is not a test of how close you can come to hitting the ship, Private. Heaven.1, please give me a count of how many seconds the ship was visible before it ducked under you."
"Understood, Galahad."
"Full speed ahead, Private."
 # # # # # # # #
"I had ten seconds to react, Galahad," Ritchit said. "In a real battle, I would have had no time to defend my ship unless I knew the saucer was coming and had given orders in advance."
"Well done, Private. We have one more test to complete. Keep in mind, we are testing the changes to the saucer. We are not testing you."
"Aye, aye, Sir."
"Visualize this. You are attacking Heaven.1 head on while it is sailing at flank speed. You have your shields on so that their sensors cannot detect you. Will they have ten seconds to see you and take defensive action?"
"No, Sir. They'll have less time because they are moving towards us this time."
"Correct. Panther.1 will appear in a flash and disappear just as quickly. The command crew will be startled. You will have them at your mercy for five or ten seconds. Now, visualize this. You are on a head-to-head collision course. What will you do so that you can re-position Panther.1 behind the enemy and looking at the exhaust pipe of his ship?"
"I would bank hard right or left. That would allow me to turn the ship upside down for a few seconds while I sail clear of him. I would then accelerate straight up and level off when I could see his exhaust pipe."
"How far behind him will you be?"
"I don't know, Admiral. How far behind the ship would you like me to be?"
"Close enough so that you can put a torpedo up its exhaust pipe. You need to hit the exact center of the pipe."
"I can always get closer, Admiral. They won't know where I am."
"Correct, and you're facing the rear of the ship if they are using their sensors. They can't ping you."
"I've done this move before, Admiral. I can handle the G-force."
"I know. Your mother told me about your special move. Now, we're going to see if you can do it against Heaven.1. Give yourself plenty of room. Don't hit the ship."
...
"Do it again. You need to be at the same altitude as Heaven.1 so that you can see the entire circle of its exhaust pipe."
...
"Better."
"Where is the torpedo tube placed, Admiral?" 
"We're still working on that, Private."
"If I'm that close to the target, won't the saucer be damaged by the explosion of the torpedo."
"Good question. The torpedo you will launch is a unique weapon designed and manufactured by our head of engineering. It is small enough to lodge inside the enemy's exhaust pipe. When activated, the weapon will deploy some metal wings and block off some of the exhaust pipe. That will make the enemy ship uncontrollable. They will have no recourse other than to come to a complete stop. The crew will be safe. In a war where Heaven is under attack, you will have these torpedoes as well as a full bank of explosive torpedoes. You'll be able to destroy from in close and from a distance. Panther.1 will be one of our most lethal weapons in such a conflict. Do you understand the role we want you and the Panther.1 ship to perform?"
"Aye, aye, Admiral."
"You're probationary period is now over. I have two options for you to consider. I want you to think before you reply." 
"Aye, aye, Admiral."
"Your mother says that you are of age to make your own decision."
"Thank you, Sir."
"Option 1: You and your ship may now return to Planet Panther."
"Aye, aye, Sir."
"Option 2: You can enlist in Heaven's armed forces where you will be assigned the rank of lieutenant third class and given the responsibility of driving this ship. Panther.1 will be under the command of Heaven's armed forces. Planet Panther will continue to own it. Lieutenant Angela will be promoted to the rank of captain and she will be in charge of you and the ship. If you are disabled on a mission, she will have access to the ship's controls and will attempt to return the ship safely to Heaven. Questions?"
"Sir, if Planet Panther is threatened, will Panther.1 be sent to defend it?"
"Yes."
"Does Captain Angela want to be captain of the ship, or are you ordering her to be captain."
"She has volunteered."
"What will I eat?" 
"The ship has ample storage space for a frozen food locker. You will be responsible for stocking the locker."
"Will I wear a proper uniform?"
"Custom made and properly sized."
"I wish to enlist, Sir." 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

"Are you back to being a president now?" Galahad asked Ritchit. They were standing in Angelion's dry dock. Ritchit had his presidential face on. 
"Yes. Jacob and I have finished installing the torpedo tube in the fuselage directly under Panther.1's command center. The ship has enough space to store six torpedoes. They'll automatically re-load after each shot. I don't know how realistic it is to have only two crew on a spaceship."
"It's an experiment. Angela is not threatened by Double-Ought's size and menacing appearance. Others may not feel as safe. You don't want to watch him eat."
"Is he still growing?"
"Yes, but he's slowing down now." 
"What's next?"
"Some fleet war games and then I'll let him go home for an extended leave. Did you enjoy working with Jacob?"
"I did. You found the right spot for him."
"That was a learning experience for us all. He has a love interest now. I don't know what else to call it. Cassie is an unusual woman. She's handling all of our fleet maintenance. That frees Jacob up for some more research."
"I was impatient too when I first joined the military. I rubbed people the wrong way too. Diplomacy is hard to learn when you're young and ignorant superiors are holding you back. He was going to self destruct."
"You didn't."
"I didn't tell you all my stories."
"Did you share with Jacob?"
"Some. He thought he was a freak. I told him how I could look at a battle formation and immediately know how to beat it. I was a corporal at the time. I wasn't shy about informing my superiors what they should be doing."
 "Jacob doesn't have that battle formation skill."
"He has it with weaponry. I don't know if he'll ever be able to work within a rigid military structure."
"He won't have to. He only has to work with one other genius."
"On what?"
"Something revolutionary."
"Let me know how he does. I'd like to see him succeed."
 # # # # # # # #
It was lunchtime in Cosmos when a man walked into Resolute's office with a folder in his hand. He dropped the folder on Resolute's pristine desktop as though that was why he had entered the office. The picture of his three daughters must have drawn his attention because he took a picture of it. Then he picked up the folder and left. 
 # # # # # # # #
"What do we know about the suspect?" Reese asked Karita. They were back home in Heaven.
"His name is Bill Newberry, but his street name is Big Blueberry. He's 32 years of age and 6 feet 2 inches tall. He's scrawny and looks like he's starving, which might be the case. He's living on the street and dependent on handouts and one meal a day in a church basement. He's been in and out of jail, mostly for vagrancy, drunkenness, shoplifting, and break and enters. He also was charged once with assault with a broken bottle. He claimed that somebody was trying to steal his booze. He has been in and out of AA programs. He's now back in jail because of the Assault with Violence charge." 
"Do we know where he was living when he was picked up?"
"An alley two blocks away from the All Saints Reform Church, which is where he goes for AA meetings and his supper meal."
"When did the assault occur?"
"Sunday, June 9 about 1 am. He went into jail on the 10th. It's the 25th today so that means he's been in jail for twelve days."
"Close enough. Where was the assault?"
"The alley where he flops."
"Shall we do a little time traveling, Watson?"
"I've been working on my costume. What about you?"
"Here's the famous Sherlock Holmes."
"Your hat is on backwards."
 "Picky, picky."
 # # # # # # # #
"He didn't do it," Karita observed.
"He didn't stir from his alcoholic stupor the whole night, even when the guy came by and took a picture of him. We should have followed him."
"We can do that another night. It was better that we stay with Big Blueberry in case the victim had her times wrong." 
"He's being set up. That's the reason for the picture. What do we know about the victim, Watson?"
"Her name is Maggie O'Sullivan. She's 17 years old. Here are the pictures that the family took of her when she returned home."
"Blood all over her face from a bloody nose and a scrape on her forehead. Why did she go home? Why not to a hospital?"
"According to her statement, she was frightened and just wanted to get home as quickly as she could. Her father called in the family doctor who found two cracked ribs and a sprained wrist. He wrapped up both injuries as best as he could, gave her a sedative, and left her with her family." 
"When did she make her statement?" 
"The next day, Monday, at 11:30."
"Did she say why she was out alone that late?"
"She went to a club alone at about 10 pm, got bored, and decided to walk home alone about 1:30. It was a short walk and she knew the area."
"We should check that," Reese said. "Her memory of the assault?"
"A man came out of the alley brandishing a broken bottle. He appeared to be drunk. He swung the bottle at her and she fell trying to dodge it. He kicked her in the ribs and then went back into his alley cursing her for trying to steal his booze." 
"Did she give the police a description of him?"
"Yes. It was remarkably accurate for a scared victim. The police picked him that night when he returned to his alley. She picked him out of a line-up the next day. 
"Let's check out Maggie's story about the club. The details are in the report. We can do it tonight in real time."
"Do we know where she lives?"
"Yeah. The address is in the police report too."

 # # # # # # # #
"The club is a possibility," Reese concluded. "It's not that far from her home and she could have gone by the alley on her way back."
"The club is almost pitch black with strobes making it virtually impossible to see anybody. I don't buy that this girl was alone in the club. Her father is rich and she is beautiful."
"We have no way of proving anything. Did you see how many homeless people were sleeping in alleys?"
"Yeah. This is a key part of downtown London. The homeless sleep out of sight and then the police wake them up before the area becomes busy and move them out. The guy who took the picture could have chosen several guys to frame. Blueberry was on a direct line between the club and Maggie's home, so that's probably why he picked him."
"We don't know enough to prove he's innocent," Reese concluded.
"Not yet. Let's go to bed. We can time travel tomorrow and watch Maggie leave for the club when we're fresh." 
 # # # # # # # #
This is quite the home. They have the entire top floor of The Daily Male building. Daddy takes an elevator to his office. (Karita and Reese were in fuzzy bodies.)
Or walks down the stairs. How many in the family?
The police report doesn't say. Let's do a quick browse. I'll take the bedrooms; you take the other end of the floor.
...
I found two empty male-looking bedrooms. Brothers, I assume. Maggie is showering in the bedroom furthest away from her parents' bedroom. What did you see at the other end?
Fancy kitchen. A huge formal dining room. One bedroom that may have been for staff. It's empty now. Mom and Dad are in the living room. 
I'll watch Maggie as she gets ready. Warn me if Mom or Dad move.
...
Maggie is all dolled up, Reese. It took her a while because she's drunk.
Mom and Dad don't pry into her life?
Or, they don't care. There's no lock on the door. I think she's about ready to leave. Do you see a clock anywhere?
On the kitchen stove. 9:30.
Whoa. She's sniffing something. Big time load. The stash is in her dresser drawer. Now some of it is in her purse. Lots of bills in the purse too. Leaving now.
...
Reese she's sneaking out down the stairs.
...
She shouldn't be walking down stairs in high heels in her state.
...
Reese she's down. She tripped and rolled down the flight of stairs to the next landing. 
...
She's in bad shape. Bloody nose. Blood all over her dress. This is where she got the cracked ribs and the sprained wrist. She can hardly move.
...
She's on her hands and knees now. Standing up. She's three floors down. She can barely climb up one stair. Saying something into her pinky ring now.
Karita, Mom just read a message and is running to the stairwell. Dad continues to read the paper. 
 # # # # # # # #
"We can't prove any of this," Reese observed. "They were back in Heaven."
"No, we can't. The family doctor told the mom exactly what drugs she was on. They were on her bureau and in her purse. He says he'll observe doctor-patient confidentiality again."
"Emphasis on again. Dad finally got off his chair and started fixing what had happened. The guy who took the picture worked for the paper. Dad told him clearly to frame one of the drunks. Then he started upping the pressure to convict Blueberry and to hire the best prosecutor in the city."
"The photographer won't tell anybody and there's no way we should pressure him to confess. We'd get him fired for doing what his boss had told him to do. That's not right."
"If I could get into that stairwell, I could find her blood and match it to her."
"Wouldn't you need a search warrant?"
"Yeah, but I have no standing to ask for one and no probable cause."
 "The parents would say the blood was from a fall a month ago anyway. You couldn't prove otherwise. What about the blood on the dress?"
"We have no search warrant and that dress won't exist much longer anyway."
"Could Fiona ask for the warrants we need?"
"Not without us telling her that we can time travel and spy in fuzzy bodies."
"Let's sleep on this. Meanwhile, ask your lawyer body: What would a lawyer need in order to prove that the O'Sullivan family is framing an innocent man because they don't want the public to know that their daughter is a drug addict. I'll try and come at it from a different direction."
 # # # # # # # #
"What is this?" Reese asked the next morning.
"It's your favorite triple decker sandwich. Peanut butter with chocolate in between." 
"Why am I getting this?"
"Because you have the answer."
"How'd you know that?"
"Because you sat bolt upright in bed and said, I got it. Then you went back to sleep again. What will we do after you eat your sandwich in the shower where I won't have to look at you eating peanut butter?"
"We'll go for an invisible fly and then I'll break into a highly guarded office and take a peek at what they've stored."
"How exciting! What do I get to do?"
"You get to figure out how to deflect the investigation from a sodden drunk to a sodden drunken drug addict and her family. They'll face charges of interfering with a criminal investigation at the very least. The family will be totally disgraced." 
"Just so long as somebody keeps running the Daily Male. It's my favorite newspaper. The photography is very stimulating." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

It's one week later. In news from outer space, Hades-kittens arrived in Planet Panther and began work immediately. The pilot of the trident returned to Hades. 
Diaper Stink made another attempt to include Resolute in informal meetings with the other executives but was rebuffed. Winnie would later hear him tell the other executives in the private dining room, "I'm done with him." 
"Carry on then," Sewage Breath said. 
[Sewage Breath was the Cosmos President. Underarm Stench, the secretary, was also present. I remind my readers of difficulties that translator chips can have.]
Now, back to London.
 # # # # # # # #
"Court is now in session," the bailiff said. 
The courtroom was not one of those fancy, ornate, 18th century courtrooms where major cases were heard. It was an ordinary looking meeting room with chairs for the legal teams, and a soft rocker chair for the judge. 
The plaintiff was a 17-year-old girl named Maggie O'Sullivan, who hobbled into court with an upper body cast around her ribs. The family had wanted her to attend court in a hospital bed, but this was denied. Her path from courtroom door to the plaintiff's table was facilitated by her father and mother who helped her take one painful step after another to her chair. They then pulled two chairs off a stack of chairs and sat down in the audience portion (the empty portion) of the courtroom. Also at the plaintiff's table was her barrister, a Mr. Roger Murgatroyd of the legal firm of Snakeskin, Buckskin, Moleskin and Rumpelstiltskin. Her solicitor sat in a chair directly behind the barrister, where he could whisper information to him if such assistance were needed. 
On the other side of the courtroom the defensive barrister, a young woman named Penny Roberts, sat next to her client, the accused Bill Newbury. His civilian clothes had been burned upon arrest, so he was wearing an orange jump suit with a black bow tie around his neck. Technically, defenders aren't supposed to appear in prison garb, as that might prejudice their case. The judge said that such foofaraw was only needed in jury trials and allowed him to attend in a deloused jump suit. His barrister had bought him the bow tie. That was all she could afford. There was no solicitor for the defense. 
Also in the courtroom were the ghosts of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson. They were not visible. 
The bailiff began the trial with the charges. "Judge, the plaintiff is charging the defendant with Assault with Violence."
 "Mr. Newbury, how do you plead?" the judge asked. The judge had a white wig perched on top of a black rug (wig) that was supposedly hiding his bald spot but doing so with any success.
Newbury stood up before answering, "Not guilty," and then he sat down.
"Folks, forget about all that standing and sitting, Double Wig said. "That takes up valuable time. Mr. Murgatroyd, call your first witness."
Murgatroyd began to stand but sat down again in response to the judge's hand signal. "Judge if I may, I'd like to request a one week delay in the trial. I've been recently assigned to this case and have not had sufficient time to prepare for it."
"How long have you had?"
"One week."
"That's more than enough, Mr. Murgatroyd. This case is straightforward. We should be out of here in 30 minutes. First witness."
"The prosecution calls Constable Elliott."
"Hold it right there," the judge said and held up his hand in a stop sign position. "You're going to bring in the constable who took the plaintiff's statement. You will pull out every bit of information in that statement with a laborious sequence of pre-prepared questions. Is that right?"
"Yes, your honour." Murgatroyd was confused. Surely the judge knew that he was being paid by the hour, which meant he was being paid by the word. 
"Will your questioning provide any information that isn't in the constable's statement?"
"No, your honor."
"Miss Roberts, were you planning to question the constable?"
"No, your honor." 
"I've read the constable's report. Let's move on. Call your next witness, Mr. Murgatroyd."
"I call Maggie O'Sullivan."
"Stop, Miss O'Sullivan. You may testify from where you're sitting. Mr. Murgatroyd, were you planning to ask Miss O'Sullivan any questions that would elicit information that was not in the constable's report? She was attacked, she was hurt and she picked him out of a line up. Anything else?"
"Pain and suffering, your honor."
"Cracked ribs are painful but heal. Wearing a body cast into court was over the top. She's not suffering much. Anything else, Mr. Murgatroyd?"
"No, your honor."
"Ms. Roberts, were you planning to cross examine?"
"Yes, your honor."
"Miss O'Sullivan, will you tell the truth?"
"Yes, your honor."
"Proceed, Miss Roberts."
"Miss O'Sullivan, on the night of ..."
"Stop. You're going to pull out all the detail in Miss O'Sullivan's statement. Am I right?"
"Yes, your honor."
"Miss O'Sullivan, do have anything else to add, change or withdraw?"
"No, your honor."
 "Did you tell the truth when the constable questioned you?"
"Yes, your honor."
 "You don't have any other questions, do you Miss Roberts?"
"Well, yes I do."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
"Are these questions germane to the case?"
"Yes, your honor."
"Proceed, but get to the point. Time's a ticking." The judge looked at the bailiff who went to the judge's chambers and returned with his bag of golf clubs that he set in place at the side exit of the courtroom for a quicker dash to the first tee. 
"Miss O'Sullivan, is it true that you live in the top floor of the Daily Male building with your parents?"
"Yes"
"Is this an important building in London?"
"Yes."
"As an important building, would it be a target for thieves or hooligans wanting to break in and wreck havoc in the building and perhaps in your home?"
"Yes"
"How would your father defend his building and possessions?"
"Security cameras, I guess."
"You are correct. Your honor, during work hours, three security personnel are stationed in the Daily Male's lobby to provide assistance if needed. In off hours, the building is protected by security camera on all entrances and exits. Any break-in would trigger a silent alarm that would bring a quick response. The top floor has additional security given that it is the residence of a very important and wealthy man and his wife and daughter. Would you like me to call a witness to verify this?"
"No need. Mr. O'Sullivan, is that an accurate description of your security?"
"Yes."
"You're not lying are you?"
"No."
"Proceed Miss Roberts."
"Miss O'Sullivan. This security is provided by Tower of London Security which, as its name suggests, provides security to the Tower of London as well as to other important buildings. The camera feeds go to their main data control office that stores the information. In my capacity as a Barrister in a criminal trial, I was able to obtain certain records from the Daily Male building."
"Objection!"
"Nah, she can do that. Proceed, Miss Roberts." 
 "In your statement to the police, you said that you left home to walk to a club at about 10 pm on Saturday, June 8th. You left the club at about 1 am. On the way home, you were assaulted by my client. Is that correct?"
"Yes."
"You told the judge today that you had nothing in your statement that needed changing. If we find out that that you lied to the police and to the judge, you would be guilty of perjury. The judge might sentence you to jail. Are you aware of the consequences of lying?"
"I didn't lie."
"Your honor, the records of the security cameras on the Daily Male building reveal that Miss O'Sullivan never left the building on the evening of June 8. She never re-entered the building on the morning of June 9. I have a duly signed statement to that effect from the Tower of London security firm. Shall I distribute copies?"
"Yes."
"I left by the back stairs. I always use the stairs to sneak out."
"Your honor, as per the statement in front of you, you'll see that the back stairs are covered by cameras. Miss O'Sullivan never left the building. She couldn't have been assaulted by my client."
"Well, that appears to..."
"Your honor, I have not finished with the witness yet. The camera at the top of the back stairs reveals what really happened. Miss O'Sullivan, every time you lie, that's an additional charge of perjury. We're talking jail time here. Were you drunk or high when you left for the club?"
"Yes."
"Did you trip and fall down the stairs?"
"Yes."
"Is that how you got your injuries?"
"Yes."
"Did you say this to your mother who came down the stairs to help you?"
"Yes"
"Did your mother reassure you that your father would fix this?"
"Yes."
"Thank you, Ms. Sullivan," Double Wig said. "We're done here. I find that the accused is Not Guilty. Court is..."
"Your honor, Mr. O'Sullivan has used the power of his paper to libel my client."
"That's not the business of this trial." 
"Your honor, the defendant and her family were trying to railroad my client into jail. I haven't pulled out information as to why yet."
"That's not the business of this trial." 
"Your honor, the witness perjured herself multiple times."
"The witness is 17 years old. I rule that she remain in the care of her family who will provide her with guidance as to her behavior. Court is adjourned." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Well, that sucked big time," Karita vacuum-cleaned.
"Your hypnotism worked." Reese tried to find a positive.
"That's because I dressed up as Sherlock Holmes and told Penny Roberts what to do. She thinks that she had a vivid dream."
"I was surprised that you could hypnotize her so easily."
"As you said a long time ago, a person can't be hypnotized to do something that she wouldn't want to. She wanted to do this. Besides, she was already dreaming. I haven't had much success with hypnotism. I was lucky this time."
"We need to report to Fiona and Sarah. Either of them can take up the challenge of going after O'Sullivan. They're better equipped to do that. Plus, they'll get a better judge."
 # # # # # # # #
"I thought it couldn't be any worse," Karita said.
"Fiona won't take the case because making Sullivan an enemy would make it difficult for her to become the Minister of Justice."
"Did you think that she might use this incident as a lever to get his support?"
"Not until you said it."
"A politician would."
"Ahh, man! She's going to become a politician. Of course, she will use this as a lever."
"Sarah won't help because she has to save her opportunities to move M5 males out of the way. The cause of feminism is more important than justice. They're just thinking of their own careers. Both will be politicians."
"They politician'd us." 
"What happened with your colors?"
"I got the ambition right. I missed the mauve. It's a subtle red. Reds are bad. I blew it."
"Nobody was hurt."
"Big Blueberry was hurt."
"I don't think so," Karita refuted. "He ate three meals a day. He was warm and dry. He wore clean clothes. He was in jail long enough to dry out."
"He was libeled. Courts award big payments for that."
"Would that have been good for him?"
"It would have been disastrous."
"We found out that the Holmes and Watson caper wasn't going to work. That's good to know."
"Yeah."
"What shall we do now, Reese?"
"I don't feel like doing anything right now."
[Welcome to my world.]

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

"Who was that?" Galahad asked Winnie. 
"Karita. She wants to talk with me."
"About?"
"She didn't say. I think I know what though. She's unhappy. I don't know what to tell her. I suggested something but it obviously didn't work."
"Are you Heaven's official counselor now?"
"Is there one?"
"No."
"There should be. Why don't we have one?"
"Heaven is heavenly. Nobody is ever unhappy."
"That's a laugh. Heaven needs somebody like Julia."
 "Hmmm. A daughter of a devil will counsel unhappy angels. What's wrong with this picture?"
"Picky, picky."
# # # # # # # #
Later that afternoon. Same place. 
"Galahad, I have to leave now! Big, big problem. I don't know when I'll be back. I'll CWO with Guinny."
"Dangerous?"
"I don't know. Justice knows more."
"If this is big big, don't be on your own. You take on too many risks because you think you can't be seen. Take somebody to watch your back."
"I'll know more of what Justice wants from me later today. Karita is expecting me to be here. If it's necessary, could you take her to Angelion? Julia has counseled her before."
# # # # # # # #
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
"Where are you, Winnie?"
"In the middle of empty space. What's happened?"
"Somebody kidnapped Resolute's three daughters and has made first contact. Pay and they'll be safe. Resolute wants me to handle the negotiations for their safe return, which will be conducted via CWO on a designated frequency."
"Does he know for sure that they've been kidnapped?"
"No, but the girls are not answering his calls to Spud. Verification is the first thing I'll do. The kidnapper says that he'll know if we send an extraction team to where they're located. If we do, they girls will be killed."
"Can you track their location from the CWO transmitter?"
"They wouldn't be that dumb. That transmitter will be nowhere near where they are being kept. Besides, knowing the frequency is useless. You can't track the transmitter without having three different starships trying to triangulate that frequency and determine the location. That would be very obvious. We can't do that."
"What will Resolute do?"
"He'll pay the ransom."
"Risky."
"My hubby says that the kidnapping and ransom may be a distraction. Resolute may be the target. Some people may not have liked his efforts to neutralize gender imbalances."
"Some people, meaning the other executive members?"
"I don't know. You're the one listening in on their conversations in the private dining room."
"I didn't think I'd hide that from you for long. I'll check my drones as soon as I arrive in Cosmos. What made your hubby think the kidnapping was a distraction?"
"It's something he would do."
"What did you say your hubby did for work?"
"I didn't say. He's in the military. Here's the complication. Resolute doesn't know that I have concerns about his safety. I want to guard him secretly. Anywhere he goes, I'll go. I can hide in the light ship."
"Which means I pretend to be you. Galahad is concerned for my safety when I'm alone."
"Right now, there is no risk. You'll respond to the original demand by asking the kidnapper to verify the girls' safety. He'll allow you to do that and then he'll tell you what the ransom is. You'll come back and tell me. Resolute will go to the Cosmos for the ransom, give it to me, I'll give it to you, and you'll deliver it."
"Straightforward. No rescue attempt?"
"None. Of course, if you were to somehow learn their identity we might decide to track them down. These people are challenging the Cosmos. The challenge can't be ignored."
"I'll keep my eyes open. I'll see you in a minute."
"Doppel."
"Ganger." 
# # # # # # # #
Justice and Winnie had resumed their conversation. This time they were talking back and forth though an open air lock. 
"The chatter in the dining room was interesting. Diaper Stink tried twice to interest Resolute into attending their Friday meetings. The first time, his daughters were coming to Cosmos and he was tied up with them and his wife. The second time, he turned him down with no reason. Diaper Stink told the other executive that he was done with him. Sewage Breath said, Carry on then." 
"That could mean carry on with our normal meetings."
"Yup. It could also mean proceed with our plan."
"Here's the CWO frequency for you to use to contact the kidnapper. Their names are Rose, Violet and Lavender. Rose is the oldest."
"I'm sensing a theme here."
"Their mother's name was Orchid. Here are some verification questions to ask them. The answers will tell you if the girls are still alive."
...
"Barf-guts was Lavender's nickname?"
"She was allergic to milk. Rose and Violet thought it was funny."
... 
"Rose became topless in a swimming pool. Violet pulled it off when she was underwater. I've told Guinny what I'll be doing. Do you want to listen in on my first call to the kidnappers?" 
"Yes."
...
"Speak."
"This is Justice. I'll be negotiating for Vice President Resolute. I'll want to know if the girls are safe."
"That can come later. First, you'll make some trips around the Cosmos. Contact me each day between 10 am and 11 am, local time. Here are the star map coordinates for your first stop on your tour."
...
"He doesn't know about the light ship," Winnie observed. 
"He'll have somebody watching the skies for anybody following you after you've left each planet. It means there's more than one kidnapper. I expected that. One person can't kidnap three girls by himself."
"What do I say if he asks why he can't see my ship when I'm calling?"
"Go visible with a very muted light. He'll think that you are at extreme sensor range, which would be the smart thing for you to do. There's no point coming close to a planet that you're not going to visit."
"Do you want me to message you after each daily contact?"
"Please. When he lets you talk to the girls, you'll be very close to them."
# # # # # # # #
Twenty-four hours later.
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
"He refused to let me speak to the girls. Here are the next coordinates."
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
# # # # # # # #
Twenty-four hours later.
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
"He refused to let me speak to the girls but he said they were fine. I can speak with them tomorrow. Here are the next coordinates."
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
# # # # # # # #
Twenty-four hours later.
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
"I was allowed to ask each girl a question. They all answered properly. I had to call him back in ten minutes for instructions. I'm guessing he was moving the girls away from the transmitter."
"How much ransom?"
 "10,000 xp's of gold. I don't know what an xp is."
"I can translate. How are you supposed to pay them."
"The ransom has to be packed inside three closed rucksacks. They will make me fly around the Cosmos to make sure nobody is with me. When I'm at the last destination, I will be given directions on where to leave the rucksacks. Then I have to leave the area. Each girl will open a rucksack. If there's a chemical or explosive device inside any rucksack, they will suffer before they die. If the ransom is acceptable, I'll be told where to find the girls."
"That's a lot of gold to pull together. How much time does Resolute have to put the ransom package together."
"Five days, starting when he gave me the information. That seems like a lot of time."
"It's a lot of gold." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 20

July 21. Four days to payment day.
"Doppel."
"Ganger." 
"Did Resolute get the gold for the ransom?"
"Resolute had a meeting with the other executive and told them about the kidnapping and the ransom demand. He asked what information he had to give them to arrange for the gold. That didn't go over well. He had to listen to a long explanation as to why the Cosmos shouldn't give in to ransom demands. Bottom line: His daughters were kidnapped; he has to pay the ransom personally."
"That doesn't seem right," Winnie observed.
"It's not. Resolute tried again in a meeting with Diaper Stink who said that no money had been set aside in the budget for ransom demands. He would have to go to the full directorship to change the budget. The board would decide if they wanted to overrule the executive and give in to ransom demands. The directors were meeting in 19 days. He'd raise Resolute's request at that time if that's what Resolute wanted."
"What did he do?"
"He said the kidnappers wouldn't wait for the Cosmos to have a meeting. He asked if there were any other options. Diaper Stink said that the Cosmos could lend him the gold, but a debt like that would put him in a conflict of interest position. He would have to resign as Vice President. I think they're trying to force him off the executive. Do you have any ideas, Winnie?"
"Tell him that you think that Planet Panther will give him the gold without any strings attached. They're mining for gold right now and have lots of available nuggets. If he approves of that, you'll need a day to set that up. Meanwhile, I'll contact Kyty Lytr right now and ask if she'll help him out. I think she will." 
"Perfect. Doppel."
"Ganger." 
# # # # # # # #
July 22. Three days to payment day.
"Doppel."
"Ganger." 
"Kyty will help. I told her what I thought was happening. She wasn't a fan of the executives; she's even less of a fan now. She has weighed out the gold and it is waiting for me. I have to go back to Heaven, visit Planet Panther in a conventional spaceship, collect the gold, transfer the gold to the light ship, and then head back to Cosmos in case Resolute wants to see it. You should stay out of sight while I'm doing that. He's going to accept it, right?"
"Definitely. He and I are now confidantes. He shared his suspicions and I shared mine. If you're having a time crunch, we don't have to show him the gold."
"Good. Galahad knows about the lightship and is helping me with everything at my end. I should be back to Cosmos in time."
# # # # # # # #
July 23. Two days to payment day. 
"Doppel."
"Ganger." 
"Winnie, the executive has struck again. Resolute informed them that he had managed to collect the ransom amount. They said they were happy about that. But, they noticed that he had been devoting a lot of time to this issue. They weren't sure that he could devote all the time he needed to act as VP. They'll look for a substitute VP to take over immediately. Resolute should stay at home and not use the Cosmos' resources to deal with personal matters. Depending on how long he was on stress leave, his contract may have to be terminated."
"They'll terminate his contract permanently."
"That's my thinking too"
"I'll leave tomorrow so that I'll be in place on time."
"Any explosives or chemical devices in the rucksack?
"Of course not. Doppel."
"Ganger."
 # # # # # # # #
Once again, the kidnappers put Winnie on a tour of the Cosmos, but this time she was directed to different planets. The effect was the same, though. During this time, she and Justice talked regularly. Resolute and Orchid were keeping themselves occupied by studying the Cosmos constitution, particularly the area where contract termination was covered. A compulsory stress leave was legitimate on the basis that an employee might find it difficult to concentrate. But terminating the contract was not possible following a stress leave. 
In terms of adjusting a budget during a fiscal year, the executive did have the power to make adjustments without referring to the Board of Directors. In fact, the directors were not involved in the day-to-day operations of the Ministry of Finance at all and would not be authorized to hear a case of a new budget item. The directors gave the executives priorities, that was all. 
Resolute was doing the research and Orchid was now writing the legal brief that they would submit to the Board of Directors, which DID have authority to receive and rule on constitutional complaints from any of the executive. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Are you satisfied that all three girls are alive and healthy?" the voice said. "I gave you a lot of latitude this time."
"I am satisfied," Winnie said.
"We're depositing the girls on an asteroid circling this planet. They will be in spacesuits with magnetic boots and will have ninety minutes of oxygen."
"An hour from now, a beacon on another asteroid will begin flashing. Find the asteroid, deposit the three rucksacks on the asteroid, and switch off the beacon. When you switch that beacon off, a beacon on the girls' asteroid will begin flashing. You will have 30 minutes to make it to the girls' beacon, but you won't make it if you're hanging around trying to find us." 
[If you're wondering how Winnie would fit three girls into her light ship, Justice was in the area in her own light ship. She would arrive at the girls' asteroid at about the same time as Winnie. Each could squeeze in a passenger. Neither was interested in following the kidnappers to their destination. Knowing the heading was good enough.]
All went smoothly to a point. Winnie deposited the gold easily, switched off the beacon and began searching for the flashing light. Justice spotted it first and gave Winnie the coordinates. Both arrived within seconds of each other. They figured they had lots of time because the kidnappers hadn't known about the speed of their ship. The girls weren't there. A note inside a sealed container fastened to the beacon was there instead. Justice took the container to her ship while Winnie returned to hers and they shared an open air lock.
"This is not good," Justice began. "They want more gold."
"I know their heading. I can follow them, but I have to go now."
"How would you know?" 
"I coated some of the nuggets and the rucksacks with mescal-meth. The Wilizy are fighting the druggies who are producing it. One of our guys developed a mescal-meth sniffer. I've already tested it in space. It will work. You should tell Resolute that we can't play nicey-nicey anymore. The next ransom will cripple him."
 # # # # # # # #
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
"The gold is in three different locations on the moon surrounding Planet XC3R. I can read what's in The Cosmos' Planetary Guide about this moon. I need to know what's not in the guidebook. How'd Resolute take the news?"
"He's resolute." 
"You can't ask for anything more."
"Any ideas yet?"
"Too soon. First, I need to know what I'll be walking into."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

Doppel.
Ganger
Winnie, I have some information for you on Planet XC3R. Nobody calls it by that name. It's known as Planet Feline because they have lots and lots of cats. A unique feature of these cats is that none of them are black. The citizen have had ample evidence that black cats are treacherous and they'll deport any black cat that they find to their moon, which is a penal colony for The Cosmos. 
The cats are not sentient. They are simply pets for the citizens who have humanoid bodies that have evolved with finger and toes without nails. This absence is considered a sign of beauty. No chipped nails to hide, no nails to cut, no nails with fungus under them. The pets accompany the citizens everywhere by riding on their shoulders. When something needs scratching, the cat will do that for the owner. 
Wealthy citizens will have two pets, which droop off both shoulders creating a fur necklace. Very wealthy citizens have color coordinated fur necklaces. Citizens dote on their pets to the point that some cats own property which has been bequeathed to them from owners that have included them in their wills. A full 20% of the property in Planet Feline is owned by a cat. Such property owners have voting rights. Not being sentient, the interest of such land-owning, voting pets is managed by property managers who make sure that politicians consider the interests of cats in any decision that they make.
The cat lobby is a force to be reckoned with. Right now, it's legal to carry cats in public, if they are on full view on the shoulders. The anti-cat lobby argues that cats can transfer fleas to citizens and, as such, should be banned by law. Whenever this proposed law gains popularity, the cat lobby hits the streets, waving signs, and threatening to never give up the right to own cats. "I'll give you my cat when you take it from my cold, dead hands" is an often repeated sentiment. 
What do you know about the penal colony on the moon? (Winnie)
Nothing reliable. I've asked some of the Cosmos Cops if they know anything about the colony. All of the justices should know about a penal colony, but we don't. Talk to Harry the dolphin. I was told that he might know something.
Thanks, Justice. I have to go home anyway to put a rescue force together. I'll ask him. I figure we have some time before the smugglers contact us. Doppel.
Ganger. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Winnie will be asking me questions about Cauldron."
"Why, Harry?"
"I understand that it's a kidnapping case. Shall I pass her on to you? You can disguise your voice again."
"We got away with that once. We won't get away with it twice. She's too intuitive and she knows me too well. You'll have to tell her."
"What shouldn't I tell her?"
"Anything potentially connecting back to me. Nothing about the home planet. Nothing about warlocks."
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm surprised Winnie. Whatever took you to Planet Feline and Cauldron?"
"What's Cauldron?"
"The penal colony on Planet Feline's moon."
"I have to rescue three girls that somebody kidnapped. I know they are on that moon and where. I don't know what I'll meet when I go there."
"I can tell you that in general. How many Cosmos planets do you know about?"
"Perhaps five."
"Mostly humanoid, all based on science?"
"What do you mean about being based on science?"
"They travel by the science of spaceships. Anything that happens can be explained by science."
"What else is there?"
"Would you say that sentient animal planets are based in science?"
"Yes. Science has been applied that allows them to communicate and travel."
"What about beings that can read colors and minds, for example some of the Wilizy? Or, the members of the tribunal that you met, for another example."
"I don't know what science has allowed me to read minds, but I know that others in my family had it. So, it has been passed on to me through DNA. That's science."
"The Cosmos has another category of planets. Those that believe in certain religions that give them unexplainable powers. Voodoo, for example. It's a religion."
"I know Voodoo members can cast spells by mumbling words. We have Voodoo royalty in the Wilizy family."
"Can anybody explain how the mumbling works? Can a non-Voodoo person mumble the words and make them work?"
"I don't think so."
"It's not science-based then. Zulu is another religion that allows royalty to perform feats that can't be explained."
"We had a Zulu princess in the family."
"Some call what they do is magic, but they're wrong. It's a religion."
"OK."
"Magic does exist in the Cosmos. There are two kinds: White and Black."
"Polar opposites? Like Judy Garland's Wizard of Oz. The white witch was good; the black witch was bad. She melted when she died."
"A good enough example. Here where it gets a little crazy. White magic means good magic. Magic that helps people. There are black cats that use white magic. These black (good) cats can appear out of nowhere. They help somebody who needs/deserves help and then they move on. They can move from one planet to the next and nobody knows how they do that. They don't create wonderful earth shaking miracles. They just practice good magic." [See Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky, Book #22.] 
Harry continued: "Black magic is bad magic. Some would say practitioners are evil. Witches practice black magic. They are always in black. They don't wear clothes that can come off; instead, the black clothes are their body. They can fly and they don't need broom sticks to do that. They can cast spells. They can make things appear or disappear. What they can do is inexplicable to somebody who grew up in a science-culture."
"Wizard of Oz again."
"Yes. That movie caught the essence of white and black magic, but in concept only. Black magic is far more dangerous that what was in the movie. Most witches have only a patina of black magic. When a witch is accompanied by a black cat, those witches are quite powerful. The black cat makes it so. They are effectively joined together for life. If a witch loses her black cat, she becomes weaker, but she's still a witch."
"The most powerful union is three black witches with three black cats working together. Shakespeare immortalized this kind of trio in his play Macbeth. His most famous lines were: Double double, toil and trouble, fire burn and cauldron bubble."
"You said cauldron."
"I did. In Macbeth, a cauldron was a big iron bowl where the witches used fire and special ingredients to create evil potions. The penal colony is a cauldron of black witches who have been caught violating the laws of the Cosmos and they are incarcerated on Planet Feline's moon. They are imprisoned there by white magic, which prevents any black witch or her cat from leaving. If they try to escape, as soon as they leave the moon's gravity, their powers will disappear. They can never get them back. They are effectively powerless mortals. All of this is done by a white magic spell. This is where your kidnapped victims are being held."
 "What about me? Can I enter and leave?"
"Yes, you can. So can any ordinary humanoid. But you'll be entering a prison with powerful witches who hate the humanoids that have imprisoned them. If they catch you in Cauldron, you won't be leaving. The witches are in control of that moon."
"But witches didn't kidnap the girls. They would have had to be off the moon to do that."
"Correct." 
"Why would they allow three girls to be stored there?"
"That's a very good question. Somebody had to have made a deal with some witches. The witches will benefit somehow. Perhaps some special foods. Perhaps some special ingredients that are smuggled in. Perhaps help in escaping. Somebody linked indirectly or directly to the Cosmos government is working with black witches. This is prohibited by Cosmos laws, although you won't see any public mention of those laws."
"What happens when the law is broken?"
"Both parties have to be punished severely in order to keep Cauldron under control. Mass escape from the penal colony would be a disaster for all."
"Would Cops of the Cosmos investigate any humanoid that may have made a deal with a black witch?"
"Cops who have been duly empowered would investigate. The existence of this moon is a high level state secret."
"Have you been empowered?"
"Yes, that's why I was able to describe the penal colony. Only a few other cops have been empowered."
"Does the truth ray work when you hear cases?"
"Yes, provided that two of them are employed."
"You would investigate and then turn over your findings to somebody like Justice."
"Yes, but not Justice. Somebody with much more experience."
"Who would select the justice?"
"The Minister of Justice, the Vice President of the Cosmos. That person also has the power to approve or deny the justice's recommended action." 
"Houston, we have a problem."
"What?" Harry asked. 
 # # # # # # # #
You may now assume that Winnie has explained the reference to Houston as being part of the Apollo 13 explosion. She has also explained how she was virtually certain that a member of the Cosmos executive was linked to the kidnapping of the three girls who were daughters of the Cosmos VP who has been put on leave while the executive searched for a substitute VP. 
Let's resume their conversation. 
"Are you sure that the kidnapping was intended to remove Resolute?" 
"I'm sure and so is Justice. We can't prove it."
"Do you know if their intent was to engineer a jail break from Cauldron?"
"No. It's possible that Diaper Stink just wanted to push Resolute off of the executive so that they could replace him with another crooked misogynist. Somebody else could be running the kidnapping plot and using Cauldron to give them a safe second kidnapping complete with a second ransom. The first ransom didn't break Resolute's wealth or resolve so they needed a place where they could stash the three girls while they continued to attack their father."
"But Winnie, let me be clear. Somebody DID have to actively recruit help from witches. Nothing like this could be done secretly. Somebody in Cauldron WILL try to take advantage of this. This means you'll be going up against three witches."
"Can I be your agent again?"
"Yes. You never stopped being my agent."
"Thank you. The cats aren't sentient?"
"They aren't." 
"It seems that the easiest way to reduce the risk from the witches is to kill their cats. Will that cause any problems in the Cosmos if I do that?"
"No."
"What can I expect from the witches?"
"They'll cast a spell on you."
"Like what?" 
"A spell to lose consciousness, a spell to become ill, a spell to become blind, a spell to become rabid. There's no end to the number of spells they could throw at you. They could turn you into a drooling idiot."
"Can I block a spell?"
"I don't know of anybody who has blocked a spell before."
"What if I wore a space suit with a tinted face shield and a blocked audio circuit?"
"That might work. Would you like to use your first confrontation with a witch as your field test?"
"No. How does a witch cast a spell?"
"Verbally and physically. We don't know if both are needed or if one is more necessary than the other. The physical motion starts with the witch raising both arms with the palms facing up and the fingers extended."
"How far can a spell be cast?"
"That's unknown."
"Let's say that I have captured a witch. How do I bring her to justice? A tribunal on Cauldron?"
"That would be extremely dangerous for the tribunal members. I doubt they'd agree to serve." 
"So, I'd have to get her off the moon. As soon as we leave the moon's gravity, she'd lose her powers. I could then investigate her with two truth rays. Wouldn't that work?"
"You have no proof that she's guilty of anything. You can't use the truth ray until you have a successful tribunal investigation. You can't have a successful investigation when tribunal members refuse to go to Cauldron to investigate. You can't torture her for that evidence when she's in your custody."
"Let's say that I can manage this somehow. What proof do I need that she was part of a kidnapping?"
"A full taped confession would be best. The Cosmos would want a way to verify that the taped statement was given willingly and without torture or threat. Punishment for any witch would have to be applied away from Cauldron. The Cosmos wouldn't be able to guarantee a justice's safety if s/he had to physically enter Cauldron and deliver the sentence there."
"If I do all of this, and if I can prove that somebody here in Cosmos was responsible for the kidnapping, what's the process for convicting a member of Cosmos' highest body?"
"It's relatively straight forward since you have the Cosmos' governing body meeting in 1 week. Some director would raise the issue and ask for an immediate investigation. The Board of Directors would become the jury." 
"The directors would run a trial."
"Essentially yes. But it's not a normal trial because we're talking about the most important men in all of the Cosmos. One justice would question the suspect in front of the Board of Directors. A second justice would be present to ask any questions that the first might have missed. Only two allegations can be considered. Were any Cosmos laws violated and/or did the accused break any of the Cosmos' constitutional by-laws? To convict, a simple majority of the directors have to vote that the executive member was guilty. If guilty, there is only one possible action: permanent expulsion from the Cosmos' governing bodies. If an executive member were found guilty, the Board of Directors would call immediately for a volunteer to serve in the open executive spot. If no director volunteered, a temporary replacement could be hired." 
"Losing his job isn't much."
"He's also open for criminal charges at the planetary level. What the Board of Directors heard can be used as evidence against him."
"That's better."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

Galahad was in Heaven.1's command chair as they left the solar system. Reese had watched what he did from the navigator chair closely. They were now in warp and no active piloting or navigating was necessary. They were talking about the adventures of Holmes and Watson.
Winnie and Karita were sitting in the boardroom. Karita had no interest in piloting a spaceship. Her curiosity about space travel had been sated when Galahad had taken her and Reese to Angelion where Julia had had private conversations with each of them. The return trip had been difficult; neither she nor Reese had wanted to talk about what Julia had said. Winnie's invitation for them to be part of a very important operation far out in space should have given them an excuse to talk, but they went about their daily routine instead, being polite.
Winnie knew that Reese and Karita had gone to Angelion, but that was all. She was curious, but was trying hard not to get involved. 
"They were only thinking of their own careers," Karita summarized the Holmes and Watson adventure. They weren't interested in bringing justice to victims."
"I like the idea of dressing up like Holmes and Watson. That must have been fun."
"It was."
...
"How are your parents?" Karita asked
"I don't see much of them these days."
...
"I talk to Maddy about once a week. The Wildcats won Nationals this year."
"That's nice."
"We don't have much in common any more."
...
"Galahad took Reese and me to Angelion to talk to Julia."
"I know. He likes Julia."
...
"Reese and I have been having personal troubles. Marriage problems too."
"Lots of couples have difficulty. Asking for help is a good thing."
"Julia said that the time that I was letting Maddy run the body is still with me and now it's affecting my marriage. Back then, I wasn't assertive enough. I'd avoid confrontation with Maddy. I wanted everything to be nicey-nicey. I'm still doing that. Julia said that if I don't become true to myself, my marriage will fail."
...
"I was pretending that we didn't have problems. I didn't want us to be a couple that had problems. Trying to avoid that made it come true." 
...
"Julia asked me to name my strengths. I said that I could read very fast, I could understand some things very quickly, I was very organized, and I wanted to bring justice to those who needed help."
"I'd agree with that. You have a great memory and you can plan sneaky operations too."
"She asked me how many of those strengths I was using regularly" 
...
"I'm not taking any more university courses, so I said None."
...
"She asked how I could be happy when I wasn't using the skills that I was good at."
"That makes a lot of sense."
... 
"She asked me what I was doing with myself. I said that I was helping Reese with his career. I was trying to be a good wife. I was focusing on being supportive."
...
"She asked why that wasn't making me happy. I had to say some critical things about your brother."
"I know my brother's strengths and weaknesses. You won't be telling me anything I don't know already."
"Reese is very... slow to recognize how to plan operations. I'd see what we needed to do, but Reese was taking his turn at being Sherlock Holmes and I couldn't say anything because that would make him feel bad. Then, he'd take forever to plan the operation and he didn't have any contingency plans."
"Operational planning is not Reese's strength. Why were you asking him to share that?"
"I didn't want to take over and be bossy. We agreed to take turns being Sherlock." 
...
 "He can't find the career he wants, so we've been working on that. I've run out of ideas about what he could do."
"Meanwhile, you're struggling to find something for yourself."
"Yes. Julia said that I have to be true to myself. I can't sit idle and ignore what I could be. I've thought of several things, but I can't do them because that would mean that Reese would be on his own a lot."
"What kind of things?"
"I could be a university professor. I could teach."
"I could see you doing that. It sounds to me that you're giving up career prospects so that you can be Reese's wife and only Reese's wife. You'd be living vicariously through Reese."
"I wouldn't put it at that way, but yes, sort of."
"That's what women used to do when they were expected to stay home, clean the house, and raise the children. They never even thought that they could have a career of their own. That's the way it used to be. If a couple is going to share equally, shouldn't you share a chance of being happy by having a career of your own? He has a career of his own, if you're going to share equally, you should have a career of your own."
"I know what you're saying, but I can't confront him. We're having a sort of fight right now and I'm feeling very guilty. I just want us to be happy."
 "It's not your fault that you find it difficult to be assertive."
"Julia said that too."
"Karita, I told you that I knew Reese's weaknesses. One of them is that he's not assertive. He's very comfortable letting somebody else plan things, for example. With both of you being non-assertive, what will either of you accomplish in your lives?"
"Julia said that we were our own worst enemies. She said that we aren't a good mix, career wise. I want him to take a leadership role while he wants me to take a leadership role. Julia said that I'm smarter than him and that won't change."
"So, find different careers. Galahad and I have different careers. He's good at some things that I can't do, and I'm the same for him."
"I don't want to hurt his feelings."
"What makes you think that he doesn't already know that you're smarter than him? Perhaps he knows, but he doesn't care." 
"But Winnie, nothing is going well for him right now. All of his studying to be a lawyer has proven to be worthless. He wants to be a justice, but I don't see a way for that to happen. Now he's in marriage counseling. If I say that I want to take on a career all by myself, he'll think that his marriage is doomed. He'll think that he's a terrible person. I can't do that to him."
"Going through a rough patch does not doom a marriage; doing nothing about it will. The two of you will have to talk. You don't have to hit him with everything all at once, but you do need to take the first step. Reese will not." 
"Thanks."
So much for not getting involved.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23
The Briefing: 
Heaven.1 had reached Planet Panther and the ship was sharing an airlock with Panther.1. Winnie had made introductions and the seven of them (Winnie, Galahad, Reese, Karita, Double-Ought, Luna, and Kyty) had gone on tours of each of the ships. They were now sitting in Heaven.1's boardroom and Winnie had described the Cosmos' government structure. Next up was an operational briefing. 
"You may think that the Cosmos government I have described is doing well, considering that it has wiped out piracy and has a strict code of how planets are supposed to be governed. The governmental structure provides for all planets to be heard and for new blood to be continually flowing into the two formal structures: the Board of Directors and the Executive. That may not be true for much longer. There has been an insidious rot in the four executive positions. All four members were corrupt. There is no doubt about that. A small number of activists are attempting to remove that rot. Heaven is part of that activism."
"We were successful in removing the Vice President from his position. Another man from the same planet replaced him. That man is not corrupt and has been resisting subtle efforts from the old guard to join them. He was not aware of their corruption, but soon may be."
"The vice president's name in his language is Resolute. He is happily married. His wife is living in Cosmos and has visited her husband in his work place. They have three daughters who have careers on their home planet." 
"His wife has urged him to redress some long standing issues in the Ministry of Justice, namely the lack of female representation in the upper levels of his ministry. Resolute had the opportunity to do just that by disciplining some of the men who were not working to expected standards. I believe that this action has pushed the other members of the executive to take steps to remove him. We'll know for sure if this is true if we succeed in our operations over the next week."
"Some unknown persons have kidnapped Resolute's three daughters and are holding them in a secret location until he pays a ransom. The executive refused to help Resolute raise the ransom, citing bureaucratic regulations that do not exist. They have also cited bureaucratic reasons to force Resolute into inactive duty and are planning to replace him with a substitute, who undoubtedly will do whatever the other three executives want. Our mission is to rescue Resolute's daughters, prove that one or more members of the executive was directly or indirectly involved in that kidnapping, and with that proof restore Resolute to his VP position and remove the offending executive from his post."
[Cue the Mission Impossible theme music.]
"I have asked each of you to be part of our mission as you have skills that will allow us to be successful. Our success will benefit hundreds of planets and the people who live on them. If we are not successful, the rot in the executive will continue to grow. More seriously, we have proof that at least one member of that executive has direct or indirect ties to inmates of a penal colony. If those inmates are allowed to gain influence in Cosmos' governance, the moral structure of the Cosmos may well disintegrate."
[Winnie then described the penal colony, the nature of black magic, and the nature of the interaction between witch and black cat. We'll skip that part.]
"In the first part of our operation, we will rescue the three daughters by eliminating the powers of their captors. Kyty, Double-Ought and Luna, you will focus on the black cats. Reese, Karita, and I will focus on the witches. Galahad will perform the rescue. I will give more details of our tasks after we arrive at Planet Feline. Galahad and I will scout the area where they are being kept. We are able to track the kidnappers to their lair by following emanations of MescalMeth that I applied to the ransom. The Wilizy have been using that strategy successfully on Earth to eliminate MescalMeth laboratories. Once I know exactly where the girls are being kept, and who is guarding them, I'll define your roles more specifically. We will use both spaceships in this first part of the operation. Karita and Reese, you'll start in the saucer. We are now about two hours away from Planet Feline." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 24
The Scouting: 
As directed by Galahad, Double-Ought had stopped the saucer well outside of the range of Planet Feline's sensors. Winnie and Galahad had gone on alone in Heaven.1, which was hidden inside the Klingon Cloaking device, a.k.a. William's filaments. They were now looking at the ships moored above the planet.
"All of these are cargo ships, Winnie."
"Let's check another sector of space."
...
"How sure are you that we'll find the kidnappers' ship near the planet?"
"Absolutely sure. They won't leave the girls without the ransom, and we know where that is. What I don't know is how many kidnappers we'll find and where we'll find them. There has to be at least three because they would have been tracking the girls' movements over several days before they kidnapped them. I doubt that any of them will want to stay in the penal colony, so that means three or more are in a ship. The witches are holding the gold as ransom until they get the deal that was brokered. I see four blobs dead ahead."
"Technically, we don't call them blobs."
"What do you call them?"
"Ships that are temporarily inactive."
"Picky, picky. Their size says that they are freighters. Let's keep looking."
...
"This one is parked all by itself and it's not a freighter. Can you magnify the ship's ID?" 
"Screen, magnify by 20."
"Private ship. A pretty big one too. Somebody rich owns this one. Any heat signatures, Galahad?"
"Three."
"I'll be back soon."
...
"The ship has three sleeping humanoid males. It has three sets of restraints in the hold. The lifeboat has a tiny hole through the thing that transfers solar power from the whatchamacallit to the thingamajig that makes the lifeboat's engine run. Were the names right?"
"Perfect. How did the lifeboat get a tiny hole?"
"Beats me. I was in my Wilizy body and fiddling with my weapon array when all of a sudden it had a tiny hole." 
"Let's take a close look at that ship." 
...
"The bottom of the fuselage has a laser port. The ship doesn't have any torpedo tubes. I suspect that you don't want this ship reporting that they've lost their cargo to somebody in Cosmos."
"Definitely not."
"I'll have to do a spacewalk."
...
"That was quick. You were breaking their antenna like Shields did in the war games?"
"Close. This was trickier. You wanted them to be able to receive messages, but not send them. I couldn't laser the antenna. I had to cut a wire instead."
"Let's look at their camp. Is your MescalMeth sniffer working?" 
"William came through for us again." 
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad was flying at treetop level over the camp. He was getting a bird's eye [angel's eye?] view of camp thank to ambient light from Planet Feline. Winnie was on the ground in a devil's body, which gave her excellent eyesight. Being able to stick her head soundlessly though tent canvas was a bonus.
The girls are in this tent. They're not tied up.
No need. This little camp in the middle of nowhere is the safest place for them.
Three witches are in the other tent. The three cats are sleeping outside the tent. A CWO transmitter is at the back of the tent. Any sign of the gold, Galahad?
 It's close by, but the scanner isn't receiving a strong signal. I'm guessing they buried it nearby.
We can pick it up afterwards. I'm done here, Galahad.
I want to check the trail we'll use to get to the campsite.
...
What are you looking for? 
Tripwires. In a military operation, walking through a tripwire causes a mine to explode. In this case, an alarm might sound in the witches' tent.
...
There are no tripwires. Let's return to the lifeboat.
 # # # # # # # #
"I can feel it. This is going to work, isn't it?" Winnie enthused enthusiastically and with enthusiasm as the lifeboat made its way back to Heaven.1. 
"The rescuing part of the plan will work," Galahad confirmed. "We have the element of surprise and that's half the battle. They may be witches, but they aren't military witches. Still, the random gods may insert themselves into your plan."
[Galahad restrained himself from telling Winnie to calm down. That never worked. Best to ride it out.] 
"I can brief everyone completely now. We have exactly the right people here. It's going to work! You have to give Double-Ought the coordinates where he should park the saucer. I can't do that."
"Where he should MOOR the saucer." [Galahad couldn't help himself. Soldiers are trained to speak with clarity. One doesn't park a space ship. One moors it.]
"You want me to Muslim the saucer? Isn't that discrimination?"
"I beg your forgiveness."
"I see only two of us, not four. Shouldn't you be begging for my twogiveness?" 
...
"You're not answering. I can do this all day. Give up?"
"I give up."
"If I tied you upside down, would you still be giving up? Would you be giving down?"
"I see that you are in your pre-battle jitter stage."
"I don't jitter. I don't even bug. I become lovingly unrestrained when I'm alone with you before the beginning of a battle."
"I can fix the unrestrained part. I have duct tape and I know how to use it."
"Brute."
...
"Did you know that the word brute comes from the Latin name Brutus, who was Julius Caesar's long time friend and short time assassin?"
...
"I can't be like this when I'm with the team. I have to be cool, calm and collected."
"And here I thought you were always perfect."
"I am, but when I'm around panthers, I'm purrfect."
...
"Would you like to hear my maniacal laugh?"
"Absolutely. Anything would be better than this." 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 25 

The Rescue: 
The rescue team paused when they came to the edge of the clearing.
Galahad, set up at the girls' tent. 
...
Galahad ready. 
Wilizy, get in the air outside the witches' tent. I'll be right behind you.
...
Wilizy ready. (Karita)
Panthers, set up on the ground outside the witches' tent
...
Panthers ready. (Kyty)
Galahad, count down from 10. Remember, we'll have 30 seconds of light. 
10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... flash-bang now.
 # # # # # # # #
The light and the noise of the flash-bang woke everybody as desired. The black cats looked up to find three huge black cats charging at them, yowling as they came. All cats have quick reflexes when facing death. The black cats fled and the panthers followed. They were bigger and faster than their prey. When the panthers closed to within tail-biting distances, they began snapping at the elusive targets. That impelled the cats to flee even faster. The panthers matched speed with speed. All three panthers succeeded with pounces and claw strikes down the sides of their prey. All that was missing was the pounce and the snap of the teeth around the neck. All three tried, deliberately missed, and had to reload. That gap prompted the cats to take to the three nearest trees and climb to the very top branches where they swung slightly in the breeze. The panthers climbed too, but were too heavy. They left, but not without yowling in frustration. Those yowls served as a notice to Winnie that they were on their way back to the clearing.
[You may recall that Winnie's initial plan was to kill the black cats. Since they weren't sentient, this would not be murder. Kyty wouldn't go along with that. "Felines don't kill other felines," she ruled. "It's just not done." That's why they chased them far enough away from the clearing so that they couldn't interfere. They could have caught them easily.] 
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad's first reaction to the flash-bang was to put a humanoid head through the flap of the tent and try to calm the girls. 
"Your father sent me. You'll be safe if you stay in the tent. To be sure, huddle together, cover yourself with blankets, and put your hands over your eyes. There could be more flashes of bright light that could hurt your eyes. Do that now."
[There wouldn't be any further flash-bangs. Keeping the girls in the tent until the rescue was completed was a top priority. The witches might have magic going for them, but the Wilizy had science going for them and that science had to be kept secret.] 
"They've hidden the gold. We know where it is," Rose calmly replied as she wrestled with her blanket. "It won't take us long to find it."
"I'll come and get you when we're done here."
"These women are crazy powerful," Lavender said from under her blanket.
"We know." 
[So much for calming the hostages down.]
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, Reese, and Karita had a tricky job. Before the flash-bang, they were hovering invisibly over the witches' tent. As each witch emerged, a Wilizy moved to hover invisibly over her and then they hit her hard with their strongest possible gravity beam. By the time that the witches had their vision back, they had a humanoid shape straddling their body and pointing a weapon of some kind at them. 
[Winnie visited the WC&D store in Calgary and bought three toy water pistols that they left unloaded. Karita, Reese, and Winnie pointed the water pistols at the witches to keep them immobile, but the gravity beams in their Wilizy weapon array was doing that job. 
 The witches struggled against this unknown powerful weapon. They could raise their upper body, they could kick, but they couldn't turn over, move their hands, or spread their fingers. 
Galahad was in charge of fully immobilizing the witches with duct tape. The challenge was that he couldn't apply the tape if he himself were pinned to the ground with a gravity beam. He and Winnie had worked out a system. 
Galahad put a strip of duct tape in his right hand, and moved as close to Winnie's witch as he could. Winnie lowered her hand so that the gravity beam was concentrated on the side of the witch away from him. Galahad was quick enough and strong enough to wrap the witch's hand and fingers into a duct-tape cast. He then taped the hand and arm to her body. He repeated the process for the other hand and arm. While Galahad was working on Karita's witch, Winnie was adding duct tape over her witch's eyes, and especially over her mouth, which had been working overtime. 
Reese's witch had a similar experience. But, after Galahad had immobilized her hands and arms, he went into the tent, brought out the CWO transmitter, stood where the witch couldn't see him and pushed the on button. Kyty approached this last witch and began to use her fangs to test the resilience of the skin over her witch's throat. This experiment on skin durability provoked a most desperate and skin-crawling scream. Galahad turned the transmitter off and Reese finished the taping. 
Heaven.1's lifeboat was big enough to take the attack team, the rescued girls, the blind and immobile witches, and the gold to Heaven.1. Once there, Kyty, Luna and Double-Ought used Panther.1's lifeboat to return to the saucer and powered it up. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

The Attack:
Let's set the scene. Both ships have now departed from Planet Feline's solar system. Kyty, Luna and Double-Ought are in Panther.1's saucer. The witches are in Heaven.1's hold still bound and gagged. The act of transporting them through the outer atmosphere of the penal colony has removed their magic powers forever. Galahad has left them tied loosely to stanchions in the hold so that they won't bounce around too badly in low gravity. 
You'll recall the horrific scream that had travelled via CWO from the witches' camp on Cauldron to a private ship moored, not parked, in space. That scream awakened three sleeping bodies. We'll now go to real time inside that private ship. Don't worry about who's saying what. It doesn't matter.
 # # # # # # # #
"They're not responding to our call."
"Try again."
"I've already tried three times. That was a death scream!"
"Witches don't die."
"Then why aren't they responding?"
"The transmitter is down?"
"Wait. Witches can die?"
"Sure. Stronger witches can magic them. They can turn them into frogs."
"Somebody has killed all the witches and rescued the girls. That's what happened down there."
"A witch tried to warn us?"
"Yeah. We have one chance to save ourselves from certain death. The rescuers have a ship; that ship will go to Cosmos. We have an armed ship and we're armed as well. We find them, trail them, and board them. If we can't board them, we destroy the ship and the hostages. That was Plan B all the time anyway." 
"The satchels of gold will be in the debris."
"We turn over the gold, we receive our cut, and we get this ship as payment for the kidnapping. Then, we disappear."
"Light this ship up. We have to be in position to see a ship setting off from Planet Feline with a heading to Cosmos."
 # # # # # # # #
"That was quick."
"There's only one heading they could take to return to Cosmos."
"What's the silhouette?"
"Looks like a saucer."
"Those things are obsolete."
"When do we attack?"
"Not here. We don't want any cop investigating a mysterious explosion anywhere near Cauldron. The Cosmos would bring a navy if they thought the witches were trying to escape."
"It's just chugging along. That thing is a relics."
 "Stay just out of range of its sensors. If it starts to ramp up to warp speed, we'll attack them quickly from behind."
 # # # # # # # #
Heaven.1 to Panther.1: Your company is still hanging behind you. Can you see them? 
Panther.1 to Heaven.1: No sign of them. I did glimpse them waiting when I trolled slowly out of Planet Feline's gravity. 
Heaven.1 to Panther.1: Increase your speed so that they are close to maximum impulse. When you're ready, turn and attack!
 # # # # # # # #
"Mom, Luna: I'll be turning as quickly as I can now. You'll feel high G forces. Dig the claws in. Starting now."
...
"You can relax now. Turning the ship to face them means that their sensors are hitting our new fuselage skin. Nothing is bouncing back to their instruments. From their perspective, we have disappeared."
...
"I'm now flying directly at their command center at maximum speed. They will see the ship for about five seconds, which is far too short for them to do anything. You know what I'm going to do. Dig those claws in again."
 ...
"Coming back to horizontal now. They won't know that we are right behind them."
"Double-Ought, that was your secret move. I've seen you practicing it."
"It's still a secret. Admiral Galahad says that no other ship in the Cosmos could do this because of my panther reflexes. I'm firing the torpedo now. It's not a real torpedo so we don't have to worry about an explosion."
 "You stuck it in the exhaust pipe."
"That the hardest thing about this attack. I'm going to back away now."
 # # # # # # # #
"What was that? A meteor?"
"I don't know. It was there and then it wasn't. It may have been travelling too fast for sensors to read."
"What was that? I heard a clunk."
"Something hit us. I'm losing control of the ship."
"We're spinning."
"Bucking up and down now.
"I can't control it."
"I'm slowing impulse engines."
"Better."
"Spinning again."
...
"Stopping engines."
...
"At least we're horizontal."
"Where's that saucer ship?"
"I don't know."
...
"Attention, Kidnappers. This is Admiral Galahad of the Heaven.1 space ship. Here's your situation. You are hanging in space with no functioning impulse engine and no functioning communications. The chances of you being found by accident are miniscule. I have two ships, both with weapons trained on you and prepared to fire. The three of you will live only if you agree to be boarded." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 27

The Interrogations: Sunday, August 4
"This is Winnie's Space Ship Driving School. I'm with a client right now and cannot take your call. Please leave a message at the beep and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Beep de beep beep, beep beep."
"Winnie, is that you?"
"What gave me away, Kyty?"
"When you said Winnie's Space Ship Driving School. What are you doing?"
"I'm teaching my brother how to pilot a space ship. He's working on turning a ship and banking."
"Isn't that rather easy?"
"Reese likes to learn things really well. I become a little silly when I'm bored." 
[Here's what's happening. A mini armada of spaceships was on its way to Cosmos. Winnie wanted to kill time so that they wouldn't have to wait too long in Cosmos space before the Board of Director's meeting. She had already contacted Justice to tell her that the three sisters were fine. Winnie told her enough of the details that Justice could fake being in the rescue party and tell Resolute that his daughters had been rescued. As to who was in that rescue party, Justice had chosen a rescue party composed of 'friends from Heaven and Planet Panther' because they had nothing to do with the Cosmos government and she knew that they could be trusted. They had also talked strategy for what would come when the daughters arrived. More on that later.] 
[To set the scene, Galahad was piloting Heaven.1. He had three kidnappers, three sisters, and Karita in the ship. The kidnappers were tied up in the hold. Karita and the sisters were in the boardroom plotting. Well, to be more accurate, Karita was doing the plotting. The sisters were doing the listening.]
[Meanwhile, in Panther.1, Kyty was piloting the saucer. Double-Ought and Luna were relaxing on the floor of the command center sharing what they had been doing the past month. The conversation was very un-bickerous. The three witches were acting like sacks of potatoes in the hold.] 
[Winnie was in the kidnapper's private ship with Reese as previously mentioned. Winnie had decided that the slow flight to Cosmos was a perfect time to interrogate their prisoners. She had delegated that happy task to Kyty and her family. She was communicating with them through CWO.]
"We're not quite sure how we are supposed to interrogate these guys," Luna said. "What if they refuse to talk?"
"Trick them into talking."
"How?"
"Pretend to be something you're not."
"We're panthers. We can't pretend to be anything else. They'd notice that we're still panthers." 
"I have an idea. Let me work on that. While I do that, I want you to develop a set of questions that you will ask the kidnappers. You'll do that with each kidnapper individually, so they won't know what the other two have said."
"We want to know who their contact person was in Cosmos, right?"
"Yeah. But work up to that slowly. Get them talking about things that are easy to answer. Who are they? What are their names? What's their background? Then, move into how long they've been kidnapping for a living, how were they paid, how did they kidnap the sisters, and so on. I put a bunch of drones in the hold, so interrogate them there. Don't tell them that they are being recorded."
"How far away are you? I don't see you on any of our sensors."
 "I'm way far away. Space dust is going faster than we are. I can make it up quickly enough. This ship has some heavy-duty engine power."
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm not expecting you to have any problem interrogating the witches," Karita said to the three sisters. "I'll talk with them first. They're smart enough to understand that telling us everything will be in their best interests. They are powerless now. If they cooperate during the trial, perhaps the Cosmos will give them a little break."
"There's going to be a trial?" Rose asked.
"I would think so. I don't know anything about the Cosmos, but surely kidnapping is against the law. We caught them. You're there to testify, and if you can get them talking truthfully, they'll admit everything. You'll interrogate them one at a time in the boardroom. I've put some cameras in there so that everything they say will be recorded."
"What questions do we ask?"
"Start with questions that they'd be willing to answer. Their names, for example. How did they meet? What was life like in the penal colony? Then, go on to more sensitive questions. Have they ever been involved in a kidnapping before? Have them describe how they treated you. They'll want to do that because it looked like you were treated well."
"We were. They didn't threaten us; they didn't act wicked. They gave us food and water whenever we wanted to eat. They allowed us to be in the tent together."
"That'll be good for them. Give them a chance to talk about it. Then ask them what they were planning to do with you. Were you really going to be released? What happened after the first ransom was paid? You were supposed to be released when they received that gold. Had they planned to hold you for ransom, not release you, and ask for more money from the very beginning? The most important question is: What would they receive in return for holding you hostage in the penal colony and who was going to give them that? We want them to identify the brains behind the operation. Those kidnappers weren't smart enough to plan it."
"How are our mom and dad?" Lavender asked.
"We haven't been in touch with them. We're keeping your release a secret until we can find out who was behind this. Until we can do that, it's not safe for us to talk with your parents." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Lights, Cameras, Action," Winnie said over the CWO.
Double-Ought entered Panther.1's hold where the three kidnappers were lying on the deck, their hands tied behind their backs.
"Mom," he called out. "I'm hungry!"
"Be patient," Kyty called back. "You'll have to wait for supper."
Double-Ought, who was also known as Fang, ambled over to the prisoners and began to sniff, and in doing so, he revealed the reasons he was known as Fang. "Can I have a snack now?"
"No."
[Cue the angry mom.] 
Finished with smelling the top side of the body, Fang rolled one of the prisoners over and began to sniff the other side. Then he went to another prisoner, sniffed and rolled him over too at the same time that Kyty entered the hold.
"I've told you before about playing with your food, Fang. Knock it off!" Then she disappeared.
[Angry mom exits stage left. Cue the whiney sister.]
Denied his turnovers, Fang began to lick the faces of the prisoners. Luna entered and saw immediately what he was doing. 
[Cue the exasperated mom.]
"Moooommm! Fang is licking our supper. One of them was supposed to be for me. I don't want to eat food that he's licked. Make him stop."
Kyty stomped in. Well, stomping on padded feet is difficult to do. Kyty pounced in.
 "I'm tired of the two of you squabbling over your supper. We only need one of these kidnappers alive. One of you can decide who will live. Fang, if you eat your supper early, don't complain to me if you're hungry in the middle of the night."
"Can I choose the one to live?" Luna asked.
"I want to choose," Fang said. 
"Luna, you can choose who will live. Fang, you can pick out your supper. Luna and I will share the other one."
"Can I play with them to make my decision?"
"We're not allowed to play with our food, Luna. You know that." Fang was grumpy that Luna won. Mom always loved her best.
"What game did you want to play with them, Luna?"
"Truth or die." 
"How does that work?"
"I'll ask them questions until they lie. First two kidnappers to lie, die."
"You'll know when they lie by their smell?"
"I have a great sniffer."
"Three separate games?"
"It wouldn't be fun otherwise."
"Fang, you and I will drag two of them out of the hold. Luna, make sure that you ask each of them the same questions. It wouldn't be fair, otherwise."
"Yes, Mom."
[Fang, Kyty and two prisoners exit stage left. Stop cameras and print.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"We have our questions ready," Violet said.
"Great!" Karita replied. "I'll just pop into the hold and tell the witches what's happening. I'll bring them one by one to the boardroom. I'll meet you there."
...
For security reasons, the witches were stashed in Heaven.1's hold. They were still secured tightly. The may not have any magic powers, but they were still dangerous women. Galahad had stashed them in three different areas of the hold, hands tied behind their back and secured to the wall. They were sitting on the deck, propped up against the wall, feet in front of them. Karita sat down next to the first witch and ripped off the duct tape gag. "Your three ex-hostages are going to question you," she said softly. "Make sure you tell the truth."
"In your dreams, Blondie!"
"No, in YOUR dreams," Karita said and put a solid elbow into the witch's temple.
...
"You're awake but feeling drowsy. How are you feeling?"
"I'm awake, but drowsy."
"Repeat after me: I am a sad powerless old hag of a witch." 
"I am a sad powerless old hag of a witch." 
"When you hear the words, sad powerless old hag of a witch you will cooperate with the person talking to you. What will you do when you hear the words sad powerless old hag of a witch?"
"I will cooperate with the person talking to me."
"Good. You will answer any question that the bald women ask you. What will you do?"
"I will answer any question that the bald women ask me."
"You will answer all question truthfully. What will you do?"
"I will answer all question truthfully."
"You will remember answering the questions honestly and you will feel relieved that finally you were able to tell the truth. Tell me."
"I will remember answering the questions honestly and I will feel relieved that finally I was able to tell the truth."
"When you hear the words sad powerless old hag of a witch again, you will not remember having this conversation with me. Tell me."
"When I hear the words sad powerless old hag of a witch again, I will not remember having this conversation with you."
"Shall we begin? You are a sad powerless old hag of a witch. We're leaving to the boardroom now. Come with me."
"OK." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 28

The Confessions: Monday August 5 and Tuesday, August 6
"I used to pilot Wilizy freight transports all over the world," Reese said. He and Winnie were lounging in the command center of the private ship. They were in warp, so they had nothing to do but reminisce.
"I remember. You were so proud that you could fly those planes all by yourself. I remember being in charge of Granny's chair when we were camping. We'd set up a campfire and wherever granny went, I was in charge of taking her chair to her. I also added the marshmallows into the hot chocolate that we had those nights. I was quite proud that Granny trusted me to carry her chair to her. I think I was four."
...
"I remember working the ship sensors with you when we went to China and destroyed their coal. I was sort in charge of that part of the ship." 
"I remember that operation. Old King Coal."
... 
"You and I took Patella to search the security border of the compound when Mac disappeared and nobody knew why. Wolf was afraid that she had been taken against her will."
...
"Do you remember the trip to Chicago? We were both too young to do much. Wizard traded peaches. Mom flew the ship low across the prairies. I think that was the first time that I had seen flat land." 

"I remember Annika. My first girl friend. We played crib. Every now and then we let our hands touch."
...
"Do you remember when Will and Izzy were locked in a prison and Franklin Franklin was planning to sell them? I helped rescue them by crawling through some tiny holes. I was still very small. Mom said that I was the only one in the family who could save them. I remember feeling proud about that."
"I was the bailiff at the trial. I thought that I was doing something important. I wasn't. The family just gave me a part to play in a pretend trial."
...
"I've given up on the idea of being a justice. I don't want to be a lawyer and I don't want to be a judge. Arguing back and forth in a courtroom is not something I want to do for the rest of my life. Karita and I thought of running secret operations for England's MI5, but the people weren't interested in justice; they were just interested in their careers."
"Didn't you enjoy being the justice for the Nemeses?"
"Not really. I wasn't a real judge. The people we tried were all guilty. I was just there to satisfy the need for them to have a trial."
"You had a very good time with the coconut of truth." [Book #31]
"That was fun. I think that I enjoyed it so much because I was mocking the whole idea of courtroom justice. I wasn't stodgy old Reese."
"I wouldn't say that you're stodgy."
"You have fun with your operations. I see your face. You're excited. You're challenged. You're totally consumed. I read colors and then I go away. It's not challenging. For one minute, I'm doing something that's important. Then it's over."
"Are you bored with life?"
"Frightened is a better word."
"Frightened? Really?"
"Yeah. I'm frightened of making mistakes."
"That's not you."
"It is me, now. If I make a mistake reading colors, bad things can happen. I read the colors of two women in London recently and didn't interpret them correctly. Karita and I were the only ones who were hurt and not badly, but I made a mistake. It could have been worse."
...
"I used to fly transports all over the world. Now, I'm afraid of flying a space ship. I don't want to take any chances. Mistakes in outer space can be fatal."
...
"I'm making a mistake with Karita now. I think I bore her. I don't know how to fix that. I bore myself."
...
"I have something to confess, Winnie."
"What?"
"Karita and I have been receiving some marriage counseling. She didn't say it, but she wants to have a life. She's probably going to leave me. That would be best for her. She's very, very smart. She's patient with me when we do our little operations, but I know she's two steps ahead of me with the thinking. She wants a challenge in her life. I understand that. I can't give her that. I'm holding her back."
"I can confess too. I'm not very good with details. When I think up an idea, it's there. I didn't work for it. The idea just came all on its own. I want to get on with turning the idea into an operation. I don't want to think about the details. Galahad gets on me about that. Nicely. He tells me if I don't think things out thoroughly, the operation might fail. He had me learning the parts of a bomb once. I was going to blow up a ship and he said that I had to think it through completely. He was right. I wasn't paying enough attention to details. I'm improving, but if he and I are on an operation together, he's in charge of the details. I'm in charge of operational planning. That way, both of us are drawing on our strengths."
"What are you saying? Karita and I should do operations together?"
"No. I'm saying that two people with entirely different strengths can have a good life together. I do my thing, he does his thing, and when we are together, we are good with our arrangement. We don't need to be living inside each other's skin every day." 
"Huh."
"Nothing is stopping Karita from expanding her afterlife outside of your house in Heaven. Why shouldn't she have a challenging afterlife? You probably wouldn't enjoy being immersed in that part of her life, but the two of you can share what each of you is doing. Galahad and I share everything. Sometimes I help him when he's stuck in a military way of doing things. Sometimes, he helps me to control my impatience."
"But, what would I do? I'm thinking of going to thrift stores and buying up all their jigsaw puzzles."
"Now that you don't have to be a justice, you might be able to think of some thing else."
...
"Do you remember how Yollie did jigsaw puzzles?" Reese asked.
"She hammered them into place whether they wanted to go in or not. She gave me her old dolls to play with. She had used them for target practice first."
"Now, she raising four kids."
"Do you ever think about you and Karita having ..."
"We haven't talked about it. She's only seventeen. I'm not ready to be a dad. You?"
"Marriage comes first. I'm not ready for that. I have something else to confess though."
"What?"
"I wouldn't mind being asked."
 # # # # # # # #
It's a day later in Cosmos, the planet. It's dusk. Two citizens of Spud were cleaning the dishes when there was a rap on their door to their two-bedroom apartment. Resolute was the closest so he opened it.
"Justice? What are..."
Justice pushed her way through the door and closed it behind her. "I have good news and bad news. The good news is we have rescued the girls and they're healthy. We have the kidnappers locked away. The bad news is that somebody in the government tried to use the girls as a lever to push you out of the executive. We don't know who yet. We will reunite you with your daughters tonight, but we have to leave the planet to do that. This has to be secret. You'll have to come back before morning. The girls will have to stay hidden. Let's go up to roof now. Quietly."
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad was sitting in Heaven.1's lifeboat when two happy parents approached. He had turned off the invisibility shields, but turned them back on when Justice stepped inside and closed the air seal. She introduced him as Admiral Galahad of Heaven's Armed Forces and then steered her guests into the body of the life boat. "He's an angel, as you can see. Heaven is part of the Earth complex. They're on the periphery."
"I think I remember hearing about them," Resolute said. 
"We're going to Heaven's main spaceship where the girls are waiting. We have a number of ships clustered outside of sensor range. I can't introduce you to all of the rescue force right now. We have a time crunch and I'm trying to give you as much time alone with your daughters as possible. The kidnappers are imprisoned on the same ship. You won't be meeting them this evening. Minister, I need some private time with you so that I can brief you on what is going to happen in the next week."
"Does this have something to do with the Board of Directors' meeting?"
"Yes. We're tying into that."
"Can you tell me where they were imprisoned and under what conditions."
"I have security concerns, Minister."
"Orchid will know everything you said as soon as we're alone. You can save the duplication time."
"Very well. Minister, are you aware of the penal colony that is situated on a moon next to Planet Feline?"
"No."
"You may find this interesting. The Ministry of Justice runs that penal colony. You are personally in charge of it."
"I wasn't briefed on that."
"Perhaps the former minister departed too quickly to do a proper hand-off. Who briefed you? A senior official in your ministry?"
"No. The other members of the executive gave me the large picture."
"That's interesting. They must have forgotten about the penal colony. That's where they were imprisoned although they did spend a lot of time on the kidnappers' space ship. They were kept in a secluded forest and had a tent for shelter in the penal colony."
"Two minutes out," Galahad called back.
"My, that was fast," Orchid said. 
 # # # # # # # #
"You wanted some time with me in private?" 
Justice had taken Resolute into the deserted crew quarters. She sat on a bunk and he sat on the bunk opposite her.
"Minister, I have to make a confession."
"You've just rescued my three daughters. What would you have to confess?"
"That's just it, Minister. I wasn't part of the rescue party. I have been on Cosmos the whole time guarding you because I was sure your life was in danger. A friend of mine put together the rescue team. She was the one who planned and executed the rescue with help from her own friends."
"That's simple delegation of authority. I have no problem with that. Wait, I thought you were the only female justice."
"I am. She doesn't work for the Cosmos. She volunteered to help me."
"Still not a problem."
 She's from Heaven, which is not a Cosmos entity. Her name is Princess Guinevere and she's a senior angel. I call her Winnie."
"You've told me a bit about her. I don't see the problem."
"She solves problems secretly. Few people know about her. She was the one who solved Angelion's DNA quirk and uncovered the massive gender inequality in Angelion. She uncovered the theft of patents on Planet Blue Sky and that lead to a Ministry of Justice win. She uncovered the problems on Spud that led to the Vice President of the Cosmos being revealed as a crook. 
"I still don't see the problem. Is she working under Cosmos direction?"
"Yes. I work with her and so does a local Cop of the Cosmos."
"So, not a problem." 
"She and I will be using this incident to bring certain illegal activities by at least one executive member to light."
"Still not a problem. The members of the executive are not above the law. I've noticed a stink of corruption around this executive. So long as you follow guidelines for investigating, setting up a tribunal, and then reporting to the proper authorities, you are following procedures. You won't be popular, but you have the authority."
"There's something else. I have no excuse for this. It was the only way to make Winnie's undercover work possible."
 "What did you do?"
"I stole a light ship and gave it to her."
"That could be a problem."
...
"Justice, I will have to chastise you. Failing to fill out an authorization form is an example of sloppy inattention to detail. Make sure it doesn't happen again."
"Yes, Minister."
"I'd like to meet her. Is she in this ship?"
"Yes, Minister. She's outside."
"Bring her in."
...
"Princess Guinevere, Minister."
"Do you have an unauthorized light ship?"
"Yes."
"Make arrangements to return it to me as quickly as you can."
"Here you are."
"This little thing is the light ship?"
"Yes."
"That's amazing. I gather you're an authorized contractor for the Ministry of Justice. To whom do you report?"
"Justice or Harry the Dolphin depending on what I'm doing."
"I have no need for this ship. Why don't you test-drive it for me? Let me know if you find any problems. I'll fill in the necessary paperwork for you to do that when I return to my post. Will I be returning to my post?"
"Yes, you will. Thank you."
"Thank you for my daughters. By the way, you'll report to me from now on if you are doing anything that affects the justice system in the Cosmos. I don't need to know how you operate, I just need to know where you're operating. Extend the same courtesy to Harry and Justice."

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 29 

The Surprise Party: August 7 & 8
"Zale, it's Winnie."
"Winnie, good to hear from you. What's up?"
"You're going to be at the Director's meeting on Saturday, right?"
"I'm leaving tonight."
"Justice and I have a little surprise planned for that meeting. We thought that you might be interested in joining us."
"A surprise as in what happened to Earwax?"
"Something like that."
"I'm in."
"Kyty is in too. She has her family here. I have some family here. If you wanted to bring some of your family, they won't be out of place. They can see how business is conducted in the Cosmos."
"Good idea. I'll ask them."
"We're going to meet tomorrow night, 7 pm Cosmos time. Everybody participating in the surprise will be there. We're meeting outside of sensor range. Look for the saucer ship." 
 # # # # # # # #
Doppel.
Ganger.
Justice, Zale will be here tomorrow night. She may be bringing her kids. She's going to ask Ho-Ho-Ho. She's not sure about him attending the directors' meeting.
He's a little sour on tribunals right now. I'll invite him too and mention that this will not be a typical meeting. That should get him there. Giants are curious.
Looks like a go then. Will you speak with Resolute and take him to the saucer ship by 7 pm Cosmos time?
We should have his wife and daughters at the meeting too.
If they're willing, definitely. Galahad will pick them up on their roof at 6:30. Kyty is bringing Double-Ought and Luna. I don't have a role for them to play, but she wants them to see as much of the Cosmos as they can on this trip. Galahad, Karita and Reese will be at the meeting from my end. 
Can I bring somebody?
You have kids? You never said anything about kids.
I don't have kids. I do have a curious hubby.
The more the merrier. 
What body will you be in?
My human body. Why?
I don't know what body to wear for a secret plotting meeting. Should I go formal? Informal? 
Why don't you come as the real you? I've never seen you in your original body.
I hope my eight tentacles won't be too gruesome for the guests.
Yeah, right.
We have a bad joke on my planet. How does an octopus go into war, Winnie?
I don't know.
Well armed. You've been warned. Doppel.
Ganger.
 # # # # # # # #
"That's all of them from the planet," Galahad told Winnie. 
"Zale is here, but she left her family at home. She didn't want to leave the planet with nobody in charge."
 "Who are we missing?"
"Justice and her hubby."
"What's his name?"
"She has never said. She calls him hubby."
"You can take care of the guests in the boardroom. I'll stay at the air lock until they arrive."
"We're entertaining guests in our ship. It's like we've become a married couple."
"A plotting meeting is hardly entertaining."
"Right." [That was too subtle.]
 ...
"Winnie, this is Justice and her hubby. Did you know about this?"
"Know about what?"
The chatter in the room died from bugged-out-eye syndrome. A couple waited at the door. The woman was Winnie's identical twin, complete with aboriginal skin. The hair do was different but everything else was the same. The man was standing in a military posture and looked almost exactly like Galahad. A slight difference in weight was the only noticeable difference. 
"Folks," Galahad started. "This is Winnie and Galahad. Don't ask me. I don't know anything."
"In the Cosmos, I'm known as Justice. Winnie suggested that I come in my original body; most of the time, I'm in a disguise. Galahad is a high ranking officer in our planet's military. You're an admiral now, aren't you sweetie."
"Yes." 
[He even sounded like Galahad. She called him 'sweetie'.]
"You may be wondering why we have the same names as your hosts. We're actually Winnie #2 and Galahad #2 visiting from the future. We're trying to change a disaster in our past, which is in your present. I'm glad you called the meeting, Winnie #1. You don't mind if I take over the meeting, do you? You made mistakes the first time. I know just what you have to do."
...
"Are you trying to catch flies with that open mouth, Winnie #1?" Winnie #2 queried.
"I asked you before if you were me from the future. You said you weren't."
"It wasn't time for you to know the truth. The time-warp fold hadn't opened yet."
...
"We're being pranked," Winnie #1 accused.
"No," Resolute said. "You're being pranked. The rest of us are enjoying the show."
"You're not the only one who can plan surprises," Justice said.
"You did say that it was a surprise party," Galahad reminded. "Folks, remember this moment. You may never see Winnie speechless again."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

The Meeting of the Directors: Friday, August 9
 Since any citizen of the Cosmos could attend and watch the meetings of the Board and Directors, that presented a security challenge, especially because all Cosmos staff were in the complex for the first day of meetings. They solved that challenge by issuing security passes that limited guests and directors to a confined area, namely a large conference room connected to the cafeteria.
The first day of the Directors' meeting was spent on committee meetings. In the morning, each committee met on its own and developed a list of priorities for the next two years, in terms of the mandate of their particular committee. This was exceedingly boring for anybody in the meeting room, including the directors. But priorities have to be established even if they'd never become policy. Double-Ought, Luna, and Karita left after an hour and retreated, sanity intact, to the saucer where Rose, Violet, and Lavender were still in hiding. 
Reese was paired up with Ho-Ho-Ho since both of them were face color readers. Winnie had asked Ho-Ho-Ho if he would tell Reese about some of his experiences while they sat in the cafeteria looking at face colors. Their role in the drama that was slowly unfolding was critical. They would have to be the ones to identify the man that had ordered the kidnapping. 
Under hypnosis, the witches had revealed that they never knew if anybody in the Cosmos government had arranged for them to guard the girls in Cauldron. A senior witch had been the one to tell them what to do. They did not know why. They did know the identity of the senior witch, but Winnie's group had no hope of capturing her and interrogating her.
One of the kidnappers had received instructions in person from a government official. He did not know who the official was, or where he worked. He might be able to identify him if he were in a line-up because he had seen his face. 
Winnie's Plan was to have Ho-Ho-Ho and Reese sit in the cafeteria and look at the faces of staff as they wandered in. Since there was no other food source in the complex, sooner of later everybody would be standing in a cafeteria lineup in front of them. 
They were looking for staff members with particularly dark face colors. They would take pictures of them and Winnie would show the pictures to the kidnapper who would identify his contact. It would be easy then to find out who the man was. They weren't expecting to find more than one dark face color, but if they did, those pictures would be given to Resolute to watch. In effect, Ho-Ho-Ho and Reese were performing a security check on every employee in the building. 
There was no Plan B. Right now in the middle of the morning, Ho-Ho-Ho and Reese had nothing to do except talk.
"What do you mean?" Reese asked. "Making mistakes is not something you are concerned about?"
"It means that I don't make mistakes. I've been doing this face reading for a long time, as had my father, and his father. We've kept records. How did you develop your records?"
"Personal research on criminals, information from another face reader, and a book of notes from a reader a long time ago. I'm usually fairly close because the primary colors give me a solid base. But the placement, shape and size of the secondary colors are difficult for me. If I make a mistake, I could ruin a person's life. That bothers me."
"It would bother me, too. I'm the head of the planet. I can't make mistakes. I'd lose the confidence of the planet. Fortunately, I have the family database."
"Searchable?" 
"Of course. I keep it up here," Ho-Ho-Ho said and tapped his head. "That way it's always available. Every item in the database is a visual image. I pull up the main colors and scroll. Mind you, I do have all of the main variations memorized."
"And you serve on tribunals where the face color is used to determine guilt or innocence?"
"Somebody else on the tribunal reads minds and another can see lies. We have it all covered. Zale usually does the questioning. She's good at that. "
"Are the three of you the only tribunal team with special gifts?"
"No. Other tribunals have gifted members but I believe I'm the only color reader available for a tribunal. Of course, color readers may be on planets and are hiding their skills. Sort of like you, I guess."
"Very few people on Earth know about me. I can read colors when I'm invisible which means the person I'm looking at doesn't know."
"You have invisibility? I wish I had invisibility."
"You are somewhat noticeable."
"How'd you learn that you could turn yourself invisible? I've never heard of that."
"I wouldn't want anybody else to know. Secrecy is very important for Winnie and me."
"People stay away from me. I'm in bubble surrounded by nothing. I understand why that is. I frighten them. Nobody else will learn your secret from me."
"It's science-based. It's not a special gift."
"That makes sense."
"Are you lonely in your bubble?"
"Of course. I have a cousin but I don't see him much."
"I'm a loner too. I have a wife. For now, at least."
"It's hard to deal with this gift. At times, I wish that I didn't have it. I'm a freak of nature. The Jolly Green Giant. Your wife doesn't like your gift?"
"That's not it. She's great. It's me. I don't have enough to do. Reading colors is all I can do well."
"So, you're bored."
"Or I try things that I fail at."
"I can't dance. I know it's not a big deal, but music is a big thing in our planet. I trip over my own feet. If I fall, I could crush somebody. So, I just sit and watch the dancing."
"What about that guy coming through now? He has somewhat dark colors."
"No. He's lazy and he lies a lot. Cheats on his wife too."
"I didn't see that kind of detail."
"Can your pinky ring upload a big file?"
"I have a customized pinky ring. It's very powerful."
"We can try uploading the file tonight. Looks like it's almost time for lunch."
 # # # # # # # #
Friday afternoon. The directors were scheduled to meet as a group, and listen to all the groups reporting on their preferred priorities. The Board of Directors would then discuss what they wanted to recommend to the executive as their top priorities. It would be a lot of listening. Certainly, some minds would be wandering. 
Meanwhile, Ho-Ho-Ho and Reese had given up on finding a very bad set of colors in the cafeteria. Instead, Ho-Ho-Ho was looking at the face colors of the directors from a distance and whispering what he saw to Reese who was taking detailed notes. 
The teens had left the ship and were touring the planet of Cosmos. The girls were giggling a lot. Double-Ought was the only male and was tired of listening to giggling. He was looking for food. Fortunately for the population of Cosmos who looked particularly tasty, Karita had some money. The local McDonald's had their single biggest order ever.
Resolute was in the ship going through the tapes of the interrogations. He had already practiced the speech that he'd give tomorrow.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

The Executive Meeting with the Directors, Saturday, August 10
There executive members (Sewage Breath (President), Diaper Stink (Treasurer), and Underarm Stench (secretary) were sitting in a row of four chairs behind a table. One chair was empty. The twenty directors, including Zale, were sitting in four rows of five chairs in front of the table. Other citizens of the Cosmos were sitting further back in the general audience section. That included Karita who was sitting with Winnie. Both were in humanoid form. The three panthers were resting on three fluffy pads that somebody had found for them. 
Reese and Ho-Ho-Ho were sitting at the back of the audience where the Jolly Green Giant wouldn't obscure any views. Both of them had already agreed that the three executive members were thoroughly corrupt. [This was Ho-Ho-Ho's first sighting of the executive, which explains why he hadn't noticed it before] Reese was in his humanoid body and was using Ho-Ho-Ho's visual database for the first time. 
Justice was sitting together with another justice. Both had their lights on, but muted. Justice's hubby was on his way to visit with Galahad who was back in the ship keeping an eye on the prisoners. Neither had any interest in watching politicians at work. Resolute and his family were waiting outside the meeting room. Karita would open the door when it was time for them to enter. 
The president, Sewage Breath, was now speaking. "That concludes the reports from the Executive. We are happy to receive your list of priorities and will study them further. We will now go through the formality of confirming the current membership of the executive."
Zale stood up to indicate that she wanted to talk." I have a question," Zale called out and turned sideways so that she could address the executive and the directors at the same time. She had chosen the first seat in the front row for that very purpose. She came early to be sure to get it. Coming early hadn't been necessary. As was common for any group of humanoids in a meeting, nobody wanted to sit in the front row. The risk of being volunteered was too high. It was much better to be in a back row where you could bend over to tie a shoelace (or equivalent) when somebody uttered the fearsome words, Who wants to volunteer?
"I'll take the question," Sewage Breath said.
"You read a very brief treasurer's report. Why was Resolute not here to read his own report?"
"Resolute did not write this report. I interviewed some members of the Ministry of Justice to make myself aware of the Ministry of Justice's accomplishments in the last two years."
 "Follow up question."
"We'll go on with our regular business now."
"I don't see anybody else standing. That means I have the floor. I'm not finished.
Indeed that was one of their rules. Standing up made it easier for the chair to see that somebody wanted to talk, and it made it easier for that person to be heard. A person who wanted to talk next would stand up so that when the previous speaker was finished, s/he would speak next. Karita left her seat and went to the side door. 
"You may continue," Sewage Breath said, as if he had a choice.
 "Why is Resolute not here?"
"He had some personal issues and he thought it best to resign."
"What personal issues?"
"The man is entitled to his privacy. Let's move on now."
"I have not yielded the floor. Why don't we ask him why he's not here?"
Karita opened the door and Resolute entered the room, strode to the end of the first aisle, nodded at Zale who was at the other end of that first row, and turned so that he could address everybody. 
"I yield the floor to Vice President Resolute," Zale said. Karita remained at the entrance. Nobody was watching her. All eyes were on Resolute whose empty seat at the executive table had been noticed by all. 
Resolute started with a bombshell. "Twenty-four days ago, my three daughters were kidnapped from their homes on Spud and held for ransom." He paused to let the hub-hub hubbing die down.
"So that there's no doubt about the truth of what I will tell you next, I will ask to be put under truth ray."
"I'm here," Justice called out and flashed her light once. "I will provide a truth ray."
"I will provide a truth ray too," the man sitting beside her flashed his light. Hub-Hub-Hubbing returned for an encore performance. 
Both justices took places so that Resolute could address them directly. [Background: When members of the executive are interviewed in a situation where truth has to be verifiable, two truth rays have to be invoked so there can be no doubt that the rays are operating properly.]
"Truth ray on Vice President Resolute," Justice called. The other justice did the same. 
"Minister, make a false statement please," the male justice said.
"It's raining inside this room."
Two buzzers sounded.
"Start again please, Minister," Justice this time.
"Twenty-four days ago, my three daughters were kidnapped from their homes on Spud and held for ransom. I received a ransom demand that required me to pay 10,000 xp's of gold in three satchels. I would have had great difficulty raising that amount of gold, so I approached the other executives and asked if the Cosmos would pay the ransom. Since the kidnapping was directed at a senior member of the Cosmos executive, it seemed reasonable to me that the Cosmos should be willing to provide the gold. I heard a long explanation about why Cosmos policy shouldn't give in to ransom demands. Bottom line: I had to pay the ransom personally."
"I met with Treasurer Diaper Stink separately, hoping that he would help me out. He cited another policy that prevented him from helping me free my daughters. He told me that no money had been allocated in this year's budget to pay ransom demands. Adding this kind of expense to the budget would require him to get approval from the Board of Directors who were meeting in several weeks. I said that the kidnappers were demanding the money now." 
"After our meeting, I checked on the procedures needed for changing the budget. Requiring permission from the directors seemed foolish. It would mean that any change in the budget might have to wait for up two years to be done. I found that the treasurer had explicit authority to change budget amounts or add new items as he deemed fit. His only concern should be that the budget be balanced. Diaper Stink never mentioned anything about his authority to change the budget. He only mentioned, falsely, that he needed approval from the Board of Directors to help me save my daughters from the death that the kidnappers were threatening. In fact, the Board of Directors is not involved in the day-to-day operations of the Ministry of Finance at all and would not be authorized to hear a case of a new budget item. Directors give the executives priorities, that is all the directors do." 
"But I gained that knowledge later. When I was meeting with Diaper Stink, I was faced with waiting for the directors to meet and hope that the kidnappers were willing to wait several weeks. This was unlikely. I asked again if there was anything that he could do." 
"Diaper Stink responded by saying the Cosmos could lend me the ransom amount. However, Cosmos policy stipulated that the loan would put me in a conflict of interest position. Any conflict of interest that an executive member faced opened up the risk that decisions that I made as vice-president could be influenced by my debt. How could the Cosmos accept that risk? I would have to resign as vice president."
"That did not seem right to me. Fortunately, I didn't know that a member of my staff had been searching for a private source for the ransom. Kyty Lytr, one of the members of the ministry's tribunal staff offered to give me the gold with no strings attached. Planet Panther had easy access to the gold that I would need. I delegated one of my staff to pay the ransom. She verified that the girls were alive and well and paid the ransom." 
"You would think that this was the end of a horrible experience. Not only had my daughters' lives been threatened by kidnappers, but my fellow executives had shown no interest whatsoever in assisting me. Effectively, they had abandoned me and my family in our time of need. They seemed more intent on seeking my resignation than in helping me. That wasn't the end of our crisis. It became worse."
[I should mention that the entire room had become eerily quiet. There were no coughs, no scraping of chairs, no whispering. Resolute was telling a horrible suspenseful story and everybody wanted to hear the outcome. That include the executive who were hoping for a different outcome than what the audience was hoping for.] 
"The kidnappers did not release my daughters. They asked for more ransom, which meant that I would have to raise even more money. The first amount was beyond my ability to pay. The size of the second amount was ludicrously impossible. I knew the demands would never end. The kidnappers were out to destroy me while my co-executive members cited fake budgetary concerns. I had one option left. Find the kidnappers and rescue my daughters. A few members of my staff and their associates willingly took on this extremely dangerous task without regard to their own safety."
...
"I have the pleasure of introducing my family to you now."
Karita opened the door and scooted back to her chair. 
"My wife, Orchid, and my daughters Rose, Violet, and Lavender."
The audience rose as one, clapping and cheering. The executive rose too, but a skeptical person would say that they were not particularly happy. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

President Sewage Breath's gavel thumping cut through the applause like a feather cracking open a rock. Eventually, they heard it, but not before two members of the audience had moved four chairs into position behind Resolute, who stood resolutely.
"Order! Order! Order! This meeting will come to order or I will rule the meeting over."
That got their attention. Everybody but Resolute took their seats. "I have spoken about the kidnapping under the truth ray. You know that everything that I have said is the truth. I call on Diaper Stink to respond under the truth ray."
 Well, that sounded like a good idea. The focus of the audience turned from Resolute's family to Diaper Stink who squirmed like he had contracted a heavy dose of diaper rash.
"Truth rays are only to be used in cases where crimes have been committed," Sewage said. "Nothing in what Resolute said indicates that a crime has been committed. You two justices should mute your lights and sit immediately." Well, he was right, so Justice and her colleague did. Sewage wasn't finished yet.
"On behalf of the entire government of the Cosmos, I welcome Resolute's daughters into this chamber. What you went through was horrible. I also speak for everyone here when I applaud the efforts of the members of Resolute's staff in effecting their rescue. You are true heroes."
"I see that certain holes in the Cosmos' employee benefits package have been discovered, and I pledge that the executive will review that package and ensure that improvements are made. I also recognize that our constitution and other documents that describe our policies can be enormously complicated. They are written in cosmo-cractise, and few people can handle too much of that at any one time. I can assure Resolute, and the directors, that the confusion that was at the heart of Resolute's concern is not a problem of policies being absent. Just because he couldn't find them, doesn't mean they weren't there. I'll order that a committee be struck to review all of our policy statements and ensure that they are clearly written and easily found. Some good from Resolute's hardship will be possible. The day is getting long and we're all tired. We should end on the good news of Resolute's family's return. Do I hear a motion to adjourn?"
"I still have the floor," Resolute declared.
"A motion to adjourn cannot be ignored. It takes precedence over all business." 
"Only if the person moving for adjournment has the floor. I have the floor and I will not yield it to you or to another member of the executive."
 [Well, on that, Resolute was right and he was on a roll.] 
"This meeting is not over. Studies and committees will not repair what has been done. A member of the executive repeatedly lied and left my daughters to take their chances with the patience of three kidnappers."
"There was no crime."
"That's not for you to say. The conduct and competency of any executive member is judged by the Board of Directors, which can investigate. If they find that an executive member does not live up to the standards that they require, they can deny him the continuation of his employment."
[Resolute had spent a lot of time reading Cosmos documents. He was right again.]
Sensing that the end of Resolute's speech was nigh, Kyty Lytr stood. But he wasn't quite finished yet. 
"These meetings have been scheduled biannually so that the Board of Directors can make a decision on the continuation of each executive's contract. Your motion to adjourn would have avoided that legal requirement. You are out of order. I now call on the Board of Directors to investigate Diaper Stink's actions and inactions in response to my requests. I made my statement under the truth ray. I once again challenge the treasurer to do the same."
"Whatever Diaper Stink did or didn't do is not a criminal offense," President Sewage Breath ruled. The truth ray cannot be employed." 
"I yield the floor to Kyty Lytr, whose entire family assisted in the rescue of my daughter. My family will remember what you did for us, forever." 
"Mr. President and fellow directors, this is my first term, and I am aware that I have no experience with cosmo-cractise. However I do have experience with running a planet, and I believe that most of you do as well. Let's examine what Diaper Stink did in the light of what we would have done if a citizen of our planet had reported that his family had been abducted by criminals from another planet." 
"As the head of the government of Planet Blue Skies, I have the obligation to defend the planet. Does that mean that I don't have the obligation to defend individuals of the planet who have been preyed upon by criminals? Of course, I do. The executive members of the Cosmos were obligated to help their colleague. They shouldn't have required a law, or a policy statement, to spur them to action. A single gram of empathy would have been enough. They didn't have any of that empathy. They failed Resolute and they failed the Cosmos. Diaper Stink, in particular, failed because he deliberately lied to avoid providing the help that everyone here in this board would have expected him to offer."
"Now as to Diaper Stink's actions not being criminal, they are entirely criminal. The Cosmos' treasurer's lies and subterfuge enabled a crime to be successful. In effect, he became an accomplice to the kidnapping and the extortion of a ransom. In my planet's courts, an accomplice to a crime receives the same justice as the criminal himself. I call on Diaper Stink to answer questions and to defend his decisions under the truth ray. I yield the floor to the director standing to my left." 
Kyty had lots of choices for passing the floor to another director. Every one of them had stood as she was speaking.
 # # # # # # # #
Frustrations were now high. Each complaint that the treasurer had denied support improperly was met by Sewer Breath's assertion that some people interpret policy statements differently. Each complaint that the treasurer should stand under the truth ray was met by Sewer's statement that truth rays were intended for criminal cases, which this one was not. Directors were starting to sit down, realizing that they had nothing new to say and they weren't getting anywhere with the president blocking their every complaint. Attempts to call for a vote to deny the treasurer another term on the executive were blocked by the president's admonition that they hadn't shown that the treasurer had actually done anything wrong. He had operated under what he thought were his responsibilities according to policy. 
It's difficult to know what prompted Ho-Ho-Ho to act. Perhaps it was the realization that the owner of a face that had very dark colors was going to win. Perhaps it was the realization that the chairman was blocking a vote to approve the creation of a tribunal into Diaper Stink's actions and inactions, for example. Or, the next stage could be a vote by the directors on Diaper Stink's continued employment as treasurer. It's a sad fact that only the chairman of a meeting can call for such a vote. 
Perhaps it was the realization that Sewage Breath had the power to completely stall any censure whatsoever of Diaper Stink. Perhaps it was simply because his butt was aching by trying to perch on two chairs, one cheek on one, the other cheek on the other. Regardless, Ho-Ho-Ho rose stiffly and lumbered to stand directly in front of Sewage Breath. Only the table stood between him and that table came up to his knees. The director speaking at the time yielded the floor quickly to him, perhaps out of fear that the lumber would fall on him. 
"I have a question to ask you," he said and pointed his left forefinger at the president. His forefinger was the size of a normal man's fist.
"Members of the audience are not allowed to speak," Sewage Breath stonewalled. [A stone wall was sturdier than a table, but let's be realistic here.]
"He speaks for me," a standing director said and sat down. 
"Here's my question. Be sure you think this through. Did you know what Diaper Stink was doing?"
The advice to think carefully was wise. If the president admitted that he knew, that would mean the issue would no longer be a simple difference of opinion between the treasurer and the vice president about policy. It would no longer be a mistake by an individual, it would be a mistake by the Cosmos' most important and knowledgeable executive member. The president could not be absolved for making a mistake about the constitution or about policy. Knowing those documents was his primary job.
If the president admitted that he hadn't known what the treasurer was doing, that would take him out of the crosshairs. The treasurer was obviously keeping his superior ignorant of his actions in a situation that was fraught with danger. Lives were at risk. Bad treasurer, bad treasurer. 
Let's review. Sewage Breath had a choice of admitting that he knew what the treasurer was doing, which would likely result in him facing a truth ray examination where all sorts of difficult questions could be raised, like Are you corrupt? Or he could throw the treasurer into the copter's rotors. Guess which choice he made. 
[Throwing somebody into the a copter's rotors is the same as throwing 'somebody under the bus', a phrase in common usage early in the century. The copter image was better. It was gorier.]
"Neither I nor Underarm Stench knew what Diaper Stink was doing. He kept it from us."
A quick huddle later, the treasurer resigned effective immediately. That wasn't the end of the meeting. A replacement for the treasurer had to be found. It was best for that person to come from the ranks of the directors. 
"We need a volunteer to fill the position of treasurer," Sewage Breath said. "This is the first of three calls for a volunteer."
[Do you recall my comments about volunteers? The audience began looking at the floor for garbage they should pick up before escaping en masse.] 
"We need a volunteer to fill the position of treasurer. This is the second of three calls."
.... 
"Do not be concerned if we can't fill the position with a director. I can hire an outsider. I'll be sure to vet him thoroughly. This is the last call. We need a volunteer to fill ..."
"I will volunteer," a female voice said."
[There was only one female on the Board of Directors. I'd ask you to guess who it was, but that might be insulting.]
"I realize that I've only been a director for a very short time. But, I have overseen Planet Blue Skies' treasury department for over twenty years. I know what I'm doing."
[Aw, heck. I'll make you guess who it was anyway.] 
 # # # # # # # #
 "Moving on. We need to fill the empty position on the Board of Directors," Sewage Breath announced. "Any suggestions? Ho-Ho-Ho, you have the floor."
"I'd be willing."
"Any other suggestions?"
...
"I'm calling for a vote to elect Ho-Ho-Ho to the Board of Directors. All those in favor, stand up."
...
"That was unanimous. Thank-you Ho-Ho-Ho. This concludes..."
"I have new business."
"The chair recognizes Vice-President Resolute."
"As I told you earlier, Kyty Lytr and her family were instrument in the release of my daughters. Not only did Planet Panther provide the gold for the ransom, but she and her twins participated in the operation that freed them. They are here today and I'd like the meeting to recognize their contributions to the Cosmos."
A round of applause followed. Resolute remained standing.
"Kyty has also participated on numerous tribunals. I think you'd agree that Planet Panther is a very welcome member of the Cosmos. And yet, their planet is not really in the Cosmos. Yes, I realize that they have Cosmos accreditation, but they have no realistic chance of being represented on the Board of Directors. Neither does Planet Dolphin whose citizen are very commonly found in the Cops of the Cosmos. Sentient animal planets contribute to the Cosmos, but they have zero chance of influencing decisions. Any decisions that the Board of Directors make is done without the opportunity to hear what the sentient animal planets think. I recommend that we change that."
"The constitution does not provide for any additions to the Board of Directors unless they are voted in by the other directors," Sewage Breath ruled. "Moving on..."
"I still have the floor, Mr. President. The constitution says nothing about adding ex-officio members to the board. This is commonly done when the input of certain members is considered valuable but they typically are not electable. [I told you that Resolute spent a lot of time reading the constitution.] As a sentient animal, Kyty could have valuable insight to offer us, not only from the perspective of a panther, but for dolphins as well. Since we are clearly not giving members of our sentient animal planets any other form of participating in the administration of the Cosmos, I hereby move that we nominate her as an ex-officio member of this Board of Directors."
"Is there a second for the motion?"
"I second the motion," Ho-Ho-Ho said.
"Discussion?"
...
"We should find out if Planet Panther is willing to sit as an ex-officio member." Zale recommended. "Kyty?"
"Yes."
"All those in favor of the motion, please stand."
...
"The vote was unanimous. I now move that we adjourn." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

Everybody has returned home but more needs to be said. I'll start with an explanation of the word Serendipity. 
Serendipity is when fortune sends you an unexpected gift for you to enjoy. The gift comes for no apparent reason whatsoever. If somebody asked what you did to deserve such a gift, you might say: I was in the right place at the right time. Others might say: Fortune shone on me today. Many think that serendipity is just blind luck that cannot be explained. Here are some other examples of a serendipity moment: 
 # # # # # # # #
 "The prisoners that Galahad was watching are now in makeshift cells," Justice told Resolute who was sitting behind his concrete desk. "What do you want to do with them?"
"What prisoners are these again?"
"Three kidnappers and three witches. All six have admitted to being part of your daughters' kidnapping and ransom extortion." 
"Under what laws should they be judged?"
"The laws of the planet where the original crime was committed."
"That's Spud."
"Yes. Somebody from the Ministry of Justice has to sentence them and carry out the sentence. There is no need for any investigation since they confessed."
"Were they promised anything for their confession?"
"No."
"In Spud, kidnapping is a capital crime."
"You're a member of the Ministry of Justice, Minister." 
[This was a serendipity moment for Resolute. A gift for somebody who had experienced a truly desperate time. Nobody planned this gift. It just happened.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"I had a CWO call from the Minister of Justice in Cosmos," Guinny said. "I understand you were there, Karita."
"I was. I was part of Winnie's team. I helped capture the witches. This was difficult because we had catch them all at once and completely immobilize their hands. Winnie had a great idea."
"How's the elbow working for you these days."
"It helps some people to relax before interrogation. Hypnotism may not be legal in a court of law."
"These were evil witches. They were imprisoning people and collecting ransoms. They can't expect to do that and then complain that they were hypnotized."
"How'd you know about my elbow?"
"I watch you, along with many others. Your tutor tells me that you are fed up with university courses." 
"I am."
"Why don't you do something else?"
"I'm thinking about that." 
"What are your best skills?"
"Winnie and I talked about that. I expect you were listening."
"I'm wondering if you were listening, Karita." 
...
"What are your skills? It's not bragging if you state facts that you know are true."
"I can read very fast and I only have to read something once to understand it. I'm very organized too." 
How come you can't add if you learn things so fast?"
"I guess I just not good at math."
"Or, perhaps you don't want to come off as Miss Perfection. You've giving yourself a weakness that others can see so that they'll think of you as average. Stop doing that. It will prevent me from giving you a job that will provide the challenge you need."
"What job?"
"What about the fake arithmetic mistakes?"
"I'll stop."
"The Cosmos Minister of Justice has a spaceship that he doesn't want. The kidnappers used it and he wants to give it to us in thanks for Heaven's help. I said Thank you. Galahad told me that it looks like a private yacht, but it has the power of a much larger ship. It would be safe for non-military personnel who want to make quiet, quick trips without attracting attention. He could arm it if we felt it was necessary. Do you know how to fly a spaceship?"
"No."
"Well, that kills that idea. Thanks for dropping by."
"I've watched the pilots. I know what to do. I don't know about the innards."
"Don't be modest in this office. I need to see the real you so that I can gauge if you are up for the assignments I want to give you."
"Sorry."
"Heaven is in the fortunate circumstance of having lots of money. We also have lots of projects that cost money but can't be done without somebody to manage the projects. For example, the idea of building a skating complex can't even be started because we don't have the personnel to build it and we don't have the necessary materials and equipment. But, these resources exist in the Cosmos. What we need is somebody who can find the planets that can sell us the workers/materials, negotiate a contract with them, and then supervise the project. What that project is completed, the project manager would move to the next project. I was thinking of you."
"Why?"
"Do you know what serendipity is?"
"The word originated in the island of Sri Lanka, which at one time was named Serendip. It is used when a lucky coincidence of events produces a wonderful gift for somebody. That gift wasn't planned. It just happened."
Guinny arched her eyebrow in a question.
"I used to read dictionaries when I was really bored."
"The spaceship prompted me to think about how we could use the ship, which was easy to figure out. Determining who would use it was more difficult. When you and Reese were having your rough patch, I thought of your life as child and how you had been affected. You didn't deserve that. That thought came at the same time as the offer of the spaceship. My offer wasn't planned in advance. This is your serendipitous moment. Do you want the job?"
"Reese..."
"Reese will have his own serendipitous moment. The two of you will become very busy and satisfied angels, if the two of you can work out your issues. Don't expect somebody else to do that for you. Try being honest with each other. Yes or no, Karita." 
"Yes!"
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie's operation also had a serendipity moment. Mind you, it did have some disappointments too. They weren't able to identify the person who had contacted the hostage takers. Plus, Resolute is now aware that somebody had deliberately not briefed him on his responsibility for the penal colony. That suggested that somebody was planning something that would happen in that penal colony and the Cosmos executives wanted him out of the way. Knowing that would prepare him.
 Winnie's serendipity occurred when Diaper Stink resigned his post. Winnie hadn't planned what do to after that. She was prepared to let a director take the position. Instead, Sewage Breath made an implicit threat that he'd personally vet an outsider, which meant the next treasurer would be corrupt. Zale put aside her hesitations and volunteered. Her background in finances made her the perfect choice. In one quick stroke of luck, Zale vaulted from being the least experienced director into a seat at the executive table. Justice, Zale, and Winnie had thought it would take over a decade to crack through the Cosmos' gender discrimination ceiling. Serendipity changed that.
 # # # # # # # #
"I had a CWO call from the Cosmos Minister of Justice," Guinny said. "I understand you were there, Reese."
"I was. I was part of Winnie's team. We were helping with the kidnapping of the minister's daughters.
"What was your role?"
"I helped capture some witches and I did a little face color reading. I was lucky. Another person in the complex was doing some color reading too. We shared experiences. He was way more skilled than I was. His family has been color reading for generations. He gave me his entire database containing visual image of all the possible color combinations. I don't have to worry about making mistakes any more." 
"You had a serendipity moment."
"Yeah, I guess."
"Your friend, a chap named Ho-Ho-Ho, told his minister that he wanted to back off on his tribunal work where he and others used special skills to convict or exonerate people they're investigating. Apparently, Ho-Ho-Ho considered meeting you as his serendipity moment. He had wanted to back away for a long time, but couldn't since nobody could take his place.
"Huh."
"The minister wants me to give you permission to take Ho-Ho-Ho's place. He considers learning about your existence as his serendipity moment. He didn't know what he would do if you didn't agree. I said I'd give permission if that's what you wanted. You'd travel all over the Cosmos. You'd use a spaceship with some unique features and you'd be helping the entire Cosmos. It sounds to me that this is a second serendipity moment for you." 
"It is. I'll do it."
"Will that fill up your available time?"
"No. Ho-Ho-Ho said that he sat on tribunals only three or four times a year."
"A senior angel came to me yesterday. With the number of demons and devils on Earth decreasing, this angel wanted to divert some of our guardian angel forces to an entirely different orientation. He didn't want us to spend all of our energy protecting mortals. He wanted us to start focusing on the mortals who could make significant contributions to Earth's future. This new orientation could ensure that they received serendipitous gifts from time to time that accelerated their path to greatness."
"How does that affect me?"
"The angel who provides the serendipity needs to identify the mortals that have huge promise. It seems to me that these mortals would need very good face colors."
"Yes. Whites, light gold, light green would work. Green is ambition."
"We only have one color reader in Heaven. You. Shall I tell my senior angel that he's had a serendipitous moment?" 
"Yes. I'd like a job where I'm doing good rather than preventing bad people from doing evil."
"A third serendipitous moment for you, then.
"Did Winnie do this?"
"Winnie didn't plan any of it. She did plan the operation where some meetings took place. You were the one who impressed the giant. You did that all on your own." 
"Karita ..."
"Karita has had her own serendipitous moment. The two of you will become very busy and satisfied angels, if the two of you can work out your issues. Don't expect somebody else to do that for you. Try being honest with each other." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34: Epilog

"From now on, we'll eat lunch in the cafeteria," Sewage Breath instructed Underarm Stench. This conversation was taking place in the Cosmos cafeteria on Monday, ten minutes after the official lunch break was over for the staff. This meant the cafeteria was empty, except for them. 
"Were we bugged in the private dining room?"
"I saw no evidence of that, but if we sit at a different table here every day, we'll be safe. We have to be ultra careful now. No more special ops."
"Does that mean that we refuse the bribes that are scheduled to come in regularly? That's kind of excessive isn't it? None of that money as gone through the Cosmos books. Nobody can find it."
"I meant no more new special ops. We have to lay low, at least until we can restore the balance of power in the executive." 
"That will take years and years. There's a woman now in the executive suite. She won't leave voluntarily."
"True," Sewage Breath agreed. "That's why Diaper Stench will use his new found free time to look into Zale and her planet. She's bound to have skeletons in her closet. Perhaps, something that she doesn't want disclosed. Perhaps, problems with her children that we can use as a lever."
"He should look into Panther Planet too. They're obviously Resolute's supporters."
"Yes, plus she's female. We have to look at all the females that were at the meeting. With her rescue, Justice is clearly entrenched with Resolute now. She came to the meeting prepared to be a truth ray. She knew what Resolute was going to do."
"She roped your justice guy into helping her with another truth ray. I thought you had said that you owned him."
"I do own him," Sewage Breath confirmed. "He told me what was going to happen. That's why I was ready with a procedural defense. He could hardly say no to her. This way, she'll think that he's entirely trustworthy."
"Until he's not. Where'd Justice get the operational skills to pull off the rescue? I didn't see that in the briefing notes we had on her."
"Her husband is a big time military man. He obviously did the planning. We have to be careful about the tribunal members that are becoming more high profile."
 "You mean Ho-Ho-Ho and his election as the new director? Directors are not a risk to us." 
"He has special powers. He can read face colors. My guy gave us a list of all the specials in the tribunals and what threat they pose."
"So, Ho-Ho-Ho can read face colors. Knowing what we are is one thing. Proving it is another."
"Zale is special; the panther gal is special; that brown-skinned kid from Earth is special. Did you notice that these planets were instrumental in the rescue?"
"What brown skinned kid?"
"The kid sitting with Ho-Ho-Ho in the back of the room. He's taking over for Ho-Ho-Ho on tribunals. He reads face colors."
"How'd you learn that?"
"Resolute asked my guy to circulate news to other justices that the Earthling was available for tribunal work." 
"How come so many earthlings were at the meeting? They're not even a planet."
"Good question. I saw another brown skinned female and she was sitting with a white skinned female that looked to be an earthling. We should keep an eye on them."
"Ask Diaper Stench to investigate them?"
"Planet Panther and Blue Skies are more important. If we need to, we can boot the brown kid off the tribunals because he's not a member of the Cosmos. That can wait. For now, we play nicey-nicey with other executives while Diaper Stench does our dirty work. Forcing him off the executive actually was good for us and bad for them."
 # # # # # # # #
"What's this?" Sewage Breath asked Diaper Stench.
"A gift from some of our distant concerned supporters." 
"How'd you get it?"
"Usual channels."
"What are they concerned about?"
"Three of their members disappeared recently."
"Three members who disappeared into space?" Sewage Breath confirmed.
"Yes."
"Our concerned supporters want to know how?"
"That would be a start."
"I don't know anything about that. Resolute hasn't said anything at all about the three kidnappers, how they were caught and what has happened to them. What he does in his ministry is his business. I don't dare ask if he captured our supporters." 
"Their disappearance means that the people in his staff who freed his daughters know far too much. Our concerned supporters wonder if you know who they are."
"Resolute didn't identify them in the meeting," Sewage Breath said. 
"That would have been intentional."
"I don't dare ask him."
"Justice is one?" Diaper Stench asked. 
"Yes, she has to be one of them." 
"Open your gift."
...
"A locket?" Sewage Breath reacted with surprise.
"A talisman locket worn under your clothes where it won't seen."
[Narrator; A talisman is an object, typically an inscribed ring or stone, that is thought to have magic powers and to bring good luck.]
"It looks like a miniature cauldron," Sewage Breath observed.
"It does. Mine has an inscription on the inside of the cauldron. Does yours?"
"Yes. It says, The cauldron is watching." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Books in the Wilizy series

As of November 2021, there were thirty-seven novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #20: The Champion Kisser

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 
Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 
Book #30: Cathog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 


Book #31: The Coconut of Truth

Reese succeeds in his first trial by using a truth-compelling coconut. Marie's adjusted babysitting body is effective, but disconcerting. Justice offers Winnie a smoking hot time if she takes on a solo operation. This will present Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel in cameo appearances before an unconventional God. Winnie solves the case with smoke and mirrors. She didn't need the guillotine at all. 


Book #32: Merly

Readers will meet Merly, a young teenage mermaid who doesn't want her father to marry her to the highest bidder. (Almost extinct mermaids are a valuable marriage commodity in the Cosmos.) Merly uses two devils, PornoGuy and Old Geezer, to illustrate what will happen to any husband if he touches her. Here's some advice if you run into her. Don't listen to her singing. She has a potent E I E I O.

Book #33: Yes! Dragons Exist!

Merly's mermaids bring watery justice to Blubber-Guts, a grossly overweight inner pentagram devil. Meanwhile, the Wilizy family sends a sailing ship into battle against Esteemed Cow Pie's nuclear tipped missiles. Not to worry. The Valkyries had their giggles locked and loaded. The super-secret agent who infiltrated the Wilizy in Book #3 is revealed. You have 150 pages to guess who it is.


Book #34: Return to Sender

In a legal battle, Heaven's lawyer (Fluffer-Doodle) defends the mermaids against Hell's Fylybstr who claims that they are piscine (fish) terrorists. A tribunal composed of a jolly green giant, a black panther, and a pink-faced humanoid investigate further. They rule that Hell has to remove all the plastic from Earth's oceans. Unfortunately for Hell, Winnie has an idea how they can do that. 


Book #35: Lilith Loves Sugar-Coated Doughnuts

Winnie tries to help planet Boogie-Woogie defend itself from Earwax, the head snout of planet Piggity-Wiggity. Maddy helps an egg collector from Chicken Island get justice. Satan gets rid of Hell's women devils. A devilette named Lilith defeats Princess Guinevere in a hearing and, in the process, solves all of Satan's plastic and hygiene problems. She becomes his trusted spy. 






Book #36: SHRIMP-TINI: Shaken, Not Stirred 

Karita and Reese put away a deviant Beverly Hillbilly who had committed 'Murder by Horse.' While Winnie is skewering a rancid potato from Planet Spud, Maddy and Meghan are using construction tools to defeat the SSS in the Battle of ToxiCity. Hell doesn't give up and tries to use melted plastic balls to incarcerate them for life. Lilith tries to call in the Cops but Harry can't hear the case. Oops.

Book #37: The Cauldron Is Watching 

With the help of three empty water pistols, a panther/human task force rescues three kidnapped girls from three witches. Holmes and Watson come from the past to solve crimes while Winnie and Galahad come from the future to correct a mistake. Also, readers will learn how playing cards of naked women helped some women get promotions and how Luna and Double-Ought's bickering led to confessions. 

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents



