

The Mystery of Copper Ore Lodge 

By


Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III


A Contemporary Tale of a
Rite of Passage
Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club Series


For Boys who love “Wild and Woolley Adventures”


Copyright 7/26/2020 Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III
Smashword Edition
 License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Other works may be priced for purchase or offered free and may have limitations to reproduction without Author’s permission or may need additional purchase from your ebook retailer.



Welcome to a Contemporary Tale of a Rite of Passage for Boys who love “Wild and Woolley Adventures.  A Rite of Passage  marks the  important stages in someone’s life, especially a birth, puberty, marriage, and death. A cycle we all go through from birth, to Adulthood, to Death, and the next generation starts that cycle.  This is a fictional novel that depicts the state of adolescence and the rites of passage that lead to adulthood. This is the second installment of a Five-book series where we reveal the “Rite of Passage” beginning with 5 youths and their Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club, and the Adventures that lead them to Adulthood.





Chapter 1
The End and the Beginning


Summer ended for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, Jimmy Walker, Roger Wilks, the Twins Charley and Roy Capp, Denny McKelly, and Jake Lake.  Now as you might recall, in “Having a Summer Lark, A Mystery Afoot.  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club had expanded from the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club of Five to a club of six members.  With Jake Lake as its newest member. Jake has spent the rest of his summer making amends for his ways.  You see Jake was a bully and terrorized many a boy at school since he was in the 5th grade. Roger Wilks a new kid in the 3rd grades was his newest target.  Jimmy Walker stepped between Jake and Roger one day, giving Jake Lake a black eye.  Ever since, Roger and Jimmy have been good friends.  Jake Lake took it out on Jimmy many times since then. If Jake wasn’t picking on Jimmy and his friends, it was always other underclassmen at schools.  And just as often Jake found Jimmy and Roger in his way.  The feud lasted right up until the end of summer when Jimmy, Roger, Charley, Roy, and Denny rescued Jake from a very bad life-threatening situation as you may recall in the first book of this series.  Since then, Jake has been making amends for his wayward ways.  The first thing he did, was formally write a letter to Denny McKelly apologizing for the nasty things he said about Denny’s Autism, and the way he was trying to convince people that Denny was a dangerous child to the community.  Jake also apologized to Jimmy, Roger, and the Capp twins for being so mean to them throughout the years in school.
Now, Jake Lake had a gang of kids his own age which he bullied into doing whatever he wanted them to do.  He had a long talk with Billy Sikes, his second in command, apologized for the way he was treating Billy.  He ought not to have taken advantage of Billy and was sorry.  He convinced his gang that unless they changed their ways also, they could find themselves facing someone tougher and meaner than them, as he did when taken hostage by Tommy Lee. An older boy with emotional problems because he was beaten daily by his Father since he was 10 years old. He apologized to the boys for bullying them to do what he wanted.  It was wrong and he was sorry.  He told them to break up the gang and find more positives ways to be better role models in the community. Remarkably they took it to heart and did just that.  Last, he faced the Sheriff, Dr. Mom, and Aunt Nellie told them he was sorry for his treatment of Denny, and the Twins.  He was thankful that the boys came to his rescue and saved his life. Jake assured them he was going to change and be a better person people could respect in this town, liked they respected his parents, the First Family of Grand Apple Valley Junction.
When School started that Fall.  The original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club  entered the Hallow halls of school Hero’s for rescuing not only Jake from his dire circumstances, but also for the rescue of Denny from his Kidnapper that summer.  The boys tried not to let the admiration of fans to inflate their ego’s too much.  They soon learned the meaning of “your 15 minute of fame” when after the first week of school no one noticed them. The was okay Denny said, he was getting tired of all the attention. The others had to agree it was time to focus on school and the new grades they entered that year. The Twins, and Denny where in the 8th grade now still in Junior High on the second floor. Jimmy and Roger moved up to the 9th grade on the Third floor, now High Schoolers with Jake Lake, now a Junior.  Terri Walker, Jimmy’s sister along with Susy Wilks, Rogers sister where now Senior’s. Moving up to the Third floor now wasn’t just a daunting thing when Jimmy and Roger considered that Jake Lake had reformed his bullying ways.  Many a new freshmen breathed easier. The atmosphere on the Third Floor at School was improving when Jakes former crony’s where minding their own business and improving their image, not to mention their grades. The teachers and administration where thanking God for miracles.  Now don’t get me wrong, being a Freshmen meant you had to go through some hazing from upperclassmen.  It was tradition a Rite of Passage every Freshmen had to go through. In the weeks that followed every student in high school bent down to their studies.
Fall lead to Christmas break and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club where entrenched at the Boat house planning the winter break activities.  Now the boat house outer deck is winterized with panels of hard insulation shields in heavy plastic on the screens around the deck, with a solid wooden door in place of the screen door. A heater was installed, one of those affairs that imitated a fireplace. With a remote-controlled thermostat, the twins could start the heater up from the house.  When Jimmy, Roger and Jake arrived at the house, the boat house would be comfortable for their meeting.  Jake was fitting in just fine with the Twins quirking mannerisms. Denny impressed him with his gadgetry.  Jimmy was able to help Jake with his homework when it came to his encyclopedia knowledge.  Jake admitted that he never had someone help him so much with history.  Denny was able to help in science, and the Twins in Math.  Roger was great at social studies. 
Though Jake did ask that no one needs to know he was being tutored by 8th graders and Freshmen.  He was genuinely embarrassed but grateful.  Jake learned soon enough how important it was what the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club friendship meant when one member was troubled about something, they could rely on the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club to be there to help. Often meant being open about feelings and not afraid to express emotions among friends.  Right away he started sharing with the boys about his family therapy sessions with his folks and how it was bringing him closer to his parents. Jake also learned that one didn’t pre judge or post judge someone, nor reveal or share personal matters that could come back and haunt him.  Jake agreed he had learned that lesson.
Charley told him one day at the Boat house, “Roy, Denny and I are so used to having parents around who are professionals in fields that they deal with privacy issues every day. The Sheriff can’t talk about cases ongoing at the sheriff station. It is either a “need to know, or I can’t comment.” Always tell us to wait until it comes out on the news, or in the papers.  Then ask me if it’s true, and he will say, “I Can’t comment right now”.  He will generalize things like the latest crime statistics. Or there was a break in somewhere in his jurisdiction. But can’t reveal who he suspects did it, or the name of the suspect they arrested. Evidence is never discussed, must protect the chain of evidence he says.” Charley told Jake.
Roy added, “Dr Mom is much the same way, with her job as a doctor. Can’t reveal the name of a patient.  All she usually talks about is she had to put a cast on a broken arm today, or how many times she has had to this week treat a belly ache.  Some Kid eaten too many sour apples.  She talks a lot about her administration work being the owner of the clinic.  But then it’s so vague you never know which nurse or technician she is complaining about.  Aunt Nellie likes to quote, “Rumors can destroy a wooden house faster than Termites can.  Sorry Jake wasn’t thinking there for a moment” Roy apologized. 
‘That’s okay, I am learning in therapy, that facing one’s short comings is like learning how to rebuild bridges you have torn down. I have been good lately at rebuilding those bridges.” Jake told Roy.
“That you have Jake my boy. That you have.” Roy agreed.
Jimmy reminded them they were here to discuss the Winter break Festival and what they were going to do in contributing a winter scene on the Town square. Honorary Mayor Denny volunteered us to do. “We need to get back on track here, we can build bridges later.” He told the boys. 
Charley said. “Hey, we could build an ice bridge at the winter festival.  Just a small one on town square. Where people can stand on for photo opportunities. Build it near the Christmas Tree.”
“Not a bad Idea Charley, we could use square plastic tubs filled with water, let them freeze overnight, the take the ice blocks out and built a bridge.  In fact, there’s a wooded bridge in the prop room at school left over from last year’s play when they used it in “Music Man” on the set for a kissing scene.  We could get someone to get it down to the square and build the ice blocks on and around it.  The wooded bridge would support the ice blocks.” Roger told Charley.
“Hey, I bet I can get my folks to purchase as many plastic tubs we will need. A bulk purchase shouldn’t cost that much.  Then we can get the Shadows to help us fill them up with water, then the next day put them in place.” Jake volunteered. Now as you might remember the Shadows were a group of boys who helped the Sheriff find Denny’s kidnapper last summer.
Jimmy asked Denny. “You think the Major Nestle would approve that project Denny”
Denny saw no problem with the Major not agreeing, he even added. “We could use colored food dye in the water to color the blocks the different colors of Christmas. To match the Christmas lights on the tree.”
“Now that’s a color of a different horse, Denny boy.” Roy Laughed.  Denny and the Twins had watched recently the annual traditional “Wizard of Oz” on TV last night.
As you would know it. Jimmy and Charley, tackled Roy, as Roger and Jake threw chair pillows at them.  Denny retreated behind a chair.  Jake noticed and turned to the boy, “Wants wrong Denny?” Denny stood there frozen.
Charley looked up from hitting Roy with a pillow. Noticed Denny behind the chair. Shouted, “stop boys, Denny’s having a spell, Jake catch him before he falls.”  Jake the closes to Denny, grabbed the boy as he was about to teeter over. Jake had a frightened look on his face as he held onto Denny.
“What do I do now Charley,” he asked. It was his first time dealing with one of Denny’s spells.  Charley told Jake to pick the boy up, we need to get him to his room and in bed. Where he be safe until he snaps out of it. Later in Denny’s room, Charley explained to Jake.
“There’s not much we can do except to make sure he is laying down here in his bed or on couch.  It’s not like a seizure where he could swallow his tongue.  It is like something in his brain just turns off without warning. If under a lot of stress, it can trigger this shut off.  One of the medications he is on is like a sedative it helps relieve his stress levels. Another med works with that switch in his brain, helps the Neurons, flow throw his brain.  There is so much about Autism the doctors just don’t know.  The brain is a very complexed organ.  Seizures can be caused by a head injury and a brain just not working right too. You can treat seizures with medication and even surgery.  In Autism it that switch going off and on disconnecting the reasoning part of the brain.  That’s why in those with severe spectrums of Autism they like well, zombies all the time.  Denny has a high functional spectrum where most time he appears normal.  Some might see Denny as slow at times in speech, or reflexes.  Under stress he repeats movements, or words.  Being a savant is like the brain making up for the way it is affecting Denny.  He is not dumb, that’s for sure.  When his brain switches off, most times he can be moved around, made to eat, and use the toilet.  Other times he just sleeps until he wakes up.  When under a spell, he doesn’t talk, he is unaware of his surroundings. When he snaps out of a spell, he often at first has trouble knowing where is, how he got there. Even forgets things that happened before the spell.  Memory loss that does come back. The longest spell he has ever had was this last summer.  It lasted 4 days. The shortest spell was 5 minutes, but he is apt to then have several one right after the other, as if someone in his brain is switching that switch off and on, off and on.  As long as he takes his medication daily, he’s gets by for many days or weeks without a spell. He will wake up eventually, we leave him in bed, tell Aunt Nellie or Dr. Mom to check in on him.  If he is snoring, he is just sleeping, that’s how we can tell the difference between a spell and sleeping.  Come Jake, not much we can do for him now.  We are used to going on with our lives.  It may sound cruel.  Denny is watched by many eyes in this house.  You can bet, Roy will be in here after we leave.”
Charley and Jake left Denny’s room just as Roy was slipping in with a comic book to read. “See Jake, I lost that bet.” Charley boasted.
Roy turned to Charley, “Hey, what did I tell you. A fool is soon departed from his money when he gambles against Roy Capp.” He sat down in the chair next to Denny beds, stuck, batman in his face.  Roy heard Jake tell Charley in the hall way.
“How do you put up with Roy, Charley?” Jake asked.
“The real question here is, how can Roy put up with me, Jake.”
***

For the Winter Festival the boys worked hard on the Ice Bridge.  Denny had figured out how many blocks of ice they would need to cover the wooden bridge with ice. It was determined that they would face the bridge in ice in back and front, a wall of ice right up to the deck of the bridge, shaping the blocks of ice on top to conform with the bridges arch in the deck. Then leave a tunnel through the wall to create the look of a stream flowing under the bridge. Then put a stack of blocks at the four corners of the bridge to represent pillars. They would connect the towers together on the upper rails of the guard fence with narrow blocks of Ice. Leaving the deck clear of ice so people could walk up and down the bridge. Two days before they planned their construction, they had a team of boys pouring different colors of dyed water in to square tubs to freeze.  
Denny figured that two nights of freezing would create strong blocks. On the third day before the Winter Festival, they inverted each tub and released each block as best as they could. Not one block broke or cracked.  With warm buckets of water, one by one 10 boys stacked blocks, using the warm water as cement to adhere each block together.  At the front of the bridge with an edging of blocks, they created a pond, which they flooded with Blue ice to freeze over the night. Denny set up White spots lights to shine on the bridge.  With every block in place, they had a rainbow bridge in front of the 40-foot-tall Christmas tree. A perfect foreground to the majestic tree. Mr. Davies the local photographer said he would set up his camera and take free pictures of those who stood on the bridge.  The next day and on into the night, the town folks admired the Rainbow bridge and other winter scenes on the town square.  When it became time to announce the winner of the Winter display contest, The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club won with all hands down. A small Trophy was presented the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and the boys who help build the ice Sculpture.  A group picture was taken that night with the Christmas Tree lighted up behind them.  Now the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club  decided to leave that Trophy stuck atop one of the pillars on the bridge.  Then forgot all about it when they ran off to enjoy the Winter Festival. 
That following morning Jimmy remembered it, but when he went to the Town square it was not there.  He called Roger, then the twins and then Jake.  They all said they had forgotten it too during their fun that night. Jimmy scratched his head and figured someone had stolen it.  He couldn’t think of who, every boy and girl at the festival where in his mind trustworthy.  Maybe an adult retrieved for the boys. After a few days of inquiries no one came forward with the trophy.  Well, as Jimmy figured it. They had a picture of it with all the boys reaching out to touch it.
***

Christmas Eve arrived to find the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club together with family and friends at the Lake Mansion with Jake and his parents.  Mrs. Walker and Terri were there, Grandfather Tom as well, the Wilks with Susy. Aunt Nellie, The Sheriff, and Dr. Mom.  Mrs. Lake had put out a fine spread buffet style. The adults sat in the parlor with Terri and Susy eating, while the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club where in the game room playing billiards with Jake.  The game room had a foose ball table, a poker table, and ping pong table and off to the side was a soda bar. Between games, the boy nibbled on their holiday meal.  Jake served up cream soda’s with ice cream. An hour later, Mr. Lake called the boys to the parlor, it was time for passing gifts around.  He had insisted that they must not bring gifts.  For tonight they wanted the honor of recognizing the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club  for saving Jakes life. Mr. Lake handed out an envelope to Dr. Mom, where she found in it a generous donation to the clinic. Mr. Lake handed Mrs. Walker a small packaged wrapped exquisitely in silk ribbons and satin paper.  She opened it to discover a Winter water globe, on the base of the globe was the name the “Two River Inn”. The name her parents had named the Inn when they owned it. Mr. Lakes explained that his Father had that water globe on his desk for years.  He thought she would appreciate just as much as he did. The Wilks were next with an envelope of their own, and in it was an equally generous donation to the library.  Mr. Wilks was speechless, now they could get a new roof on the library.  Mrs. Lakes presented Terri and Susy with a fine pair of winter hats and gloves the best wool around. Grandfather Tom got an envelope too.  Mr. Lakes told him for that secret project of his on the farm. Grandfather winked and understood, pocked the envelope inside his vest.  To Sheriff, he said, I hear you are in need of some new emergency equipment for the station.  Meet me after the New Year and we can discuss what you need.
Mr. Lake looked around the room, thinking out loud who he had forgotten.  The boys looked at Mr. Lake forlorn, sad faces all around, except Jake he knew what was coming. Let’s see here, wants left under the tree. Ah, yes, something for Denny here.  He pulled out a large package, come here Denny, I believe this is for you. Denny walked over to the tree, and with abundant glee torn the wrapping off his gift. Inside he found a new computer system, the latest on the market.  He was stunned.  Next came Roy and the Twins, where they were presented with their gifts. They were matching watches with a heart monitor, pulse, and fitness tracker, of good quality.  Turning to Jimmy he handed him an envelope which held a gift certificate for a new set of encyclopedia.  For Roger, a good athlete, Mr. Lake presented a store certificate to a leading online sports store, to purchase whatever needed in new sports equipment. Turning to Jake, “Well son, I guess you can wait until morning for your gift.” Jake smiled and nodded yes. Then he turned to Aunt Nellie setting in a rocker.  “Well dear Nellie McKelly, what do you think Santa has brought you."
"Now Mr. Lake, I think I am a bit old to believe in Santa these days.” 
“Never too old to sit on Santa’s knee” he joked.
“Well, I don’t know about Santa, would Mrs. Lake mind if I sat on yours.” She joked right back.
Mrs. Lake chuckled. “You go Aunt Nellie, just mine he don’t pinch you.” The two ladies laughed.
Mr. Lake banter back.  “Aunt Nellie is too young for me. I like the mature ladies better, Mrs. Lake.” He winked at her. Then asked Mr. Wilks to step forward. “Now Aunt Nellie, you know that every year a member of the Grand Apply Valley Charity League is honored with the member of the year, for their outstanding work in raising money.  This year as you know, the charity we  choose to raise funds for was the National Association of Autism. I am doubly honored to announced that our effort raised $355,000 dollars for the local state Chapter of the National Association of Autism.  The state chapter wishes to honor you with this medal for your efforts in bringing about awareness to the community at large in the state.  And we honor you with the charity league member of the year award plague. Mr. Wilks will you do us the honors of presenting these fine awards to Aunt Nellie.”
Mr. Wilks stepped up to Nellie reaching into his vest pocket brought out a medal hanging on a silk ribbon of Irish Blue. He draped it over Aunt Nellies head and let it rest on her chest.  Then Mrs. Lake came forward with a plague in her hands and presented her with the member of the year award.  Aunt Nellie rocked back and forth in that rocker. Looked to the adults and teens around her and said, “I do, I do, I do believe in Fairy’s, Santa, and Leprechauns. Everyone gave Aunt Nellie three cheers. The rest of the evening they sang carols around the piano, Mrs. Lake had a fair hand at the ivory. Christmas morning saw everyone getting what they wished in the Capp house, the Walkers, and the Wilks.  Jake Lake finally got his present that morning too. 


Chapter 2
Denny Gets a Patent


The New Year came in with a bang with Grand Apply Valley Junction fireworks on the Eve of New Year. At the High School Auditorium, the Annual New Year semi-formal Ball was held for the adults of the community. Where parents, and single couples could let down their hair and greet the New Year in.  The Teen center sponsored a dance for the 16-20 age group, while those younger where expected to be entertained at home. At the stroke of Midnight, the fireworks went off lighting the winter night sky up with ribbons and mushrooms of colorful sparkles. In the cold night air, the volume of the exploding fireworks sounded so much louder than at the Fourth of July fireworks.  Even the colors seemed brighter.  The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club had a party at the Walker Inn of their own.  Where Aunt Nellie was the chaperone. Jimmy’s Sister Terri, and Roger’s Sister Susy attended the Teen party at the Teen center.  Mrs. Walker, and Grandfather Tom where at the Ball with the Capp’s, and the Wilks.  Now, the Lakes had a long-standing tradition of having a dinner party at the Mansion, invitation only, for the higher society set, local business owners, and city officials. Every year it would include at random several tenants of the Lakes. It was a grand tradition and to get an invitation was an honor few declined. It started early at 6 and ended by 9, where the guests, and the Lakes would then enjoy the Ball at the high school.
The Walker Inn, this time of the year, with only one guest, there long-time resident still remained at the Inn.  He was an older gentlemen who worked in City Hall, in accounting.  He was a quiet man, sociable yet preferred his solitude.  When not at work, he could be found in the Inn library reading, or at his social club playing cards. He greeted guest at the Inn with a kind passing word, then on his way to work, or to the social club.  At work he was respected by his peers, a knowledgeable man as a bean counter goes.  Just loved his solitude that’s all.  His room at the Inn was the only suite they had. Two rooms plus bath. He had a kitchenette in the setting room, and small bedroom off from the bath. He was a widower losing his wife some 20 years ago. Had a son out west he seldom saw though got letters once or twice a month, responding just as often.  Though he never talked much about his son and his wife.  They had a teen daughter was all Jimmy knew.  That night Mr. William Treach was at the Ball, his only holiday sociable event he ever attended in a year.
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club hand the Inn to themselves, of course Aunt Nellie was there.  It would be an overnight for them all.  Aunt Nellie was assigned the best room the Inn had, outside of Mr. Treach suite.  The Twins where assigned a double room, Denny, and Jake a single room each. Roger would share a room with Jimmy who had twin beds.  Terri would be guesting overnight with Susy Wilks. The Inn had a Family room off the front desk, Off the family room was Mrs. Walkers bedroom.  A dining room for the guest off the kitchen, and the lobby out front where the guest could sit leisurely.  In the basement level was the Laundry room, Utility room, Storage room, Jimmy, and Terri’s bedroom, and what the Inn called an Emergency room slash all purpose room, where comfy chairs and couches, a fair size Flat screen Tv, game tables, and a large closet full of Emergency cots in case guest needed to shelter in the basement during a storm or Tornado alert.  The Inn was well appointed with 12 guest rooms. With seasonal peaks at full capacity and half capacity most of the time with the winter decline in guest, the Inn did well. The boys where in the common room where they watched Tv or video games, Played Rummy, or a board game.  Mrs. Walker had provided a small party buffet, with cheese, meats, and crackers, sandwiches, soda, Chips, and sweets. 
Aunt Nellie played Rummy with the boys. Told them how one New Year Eve she was in Paris on top of the Eiffel Tower 1063 feet tall. “She had met this Spanish artist Pablo Ruiz, I forget his last name. We sipped French Champagne Blanc De Niors as we watched the fireworks over the Notre-Dame de Paris Cathedral.  It was the most romantic evening a lady could have. Champagne, Fireworks, and a Spanish artist arms around you.  It was heaven.” She sighed.
Jimmy asked her, “You don’t mean Pablo Picasso, the impressionist, Aunt Nellie?”
“I don’t remember his last name, he talked about cubism, and surrealism a lot.  I wasn’t listening, I was in Paris on top of the world.  Citizens de Paris dancing in the streets, fireworks, the music. Well, you would have to be there to understand.  Maybe one day you will visit and see for yourself.” Aunt Nellie explained with that faraway look of fond memories then appearing to dose off.
Jimmy turned to Roger, “She knows it was Picasso, it had to be.”
Charley spoke up, “She knows Jimmy, she has a picture of them on the Eiffel Tower in her scrapbook, on the front of the picture it has his signature on it. She just fooling with you.”
“Charley do you know how much that photo would be worth today?” Roger asked.
“We don’t discuss that in the family, Roger.” Charley hinted at.
“Oh, right Charley, still I wonder how many other famous people she has met on her Wild and Woolley adventures.” Roger stated.
“We have asked Roger, but Aunt Nellie keeps avoided the answer.” Roy said.
“You got that right Roy boy, A lady never reveals who her amours, that French for Love.” Aunt Nellie teased the boys. 
Denny asked, “Why didn’t you ever marry Aunt Nellie?”
“Well Denny, I never fell in love at first sight, those magic bells and whistles in the air, the birds a chirping and Fireworks going off in your head.  The right man never came along for me.  I was so Wild and Woolley as young lady, to wild for most, they to tame for me.” Aunt Nellie told Denny.
“Sorry Aunt Nellie”, Denny said.
“Don’t be sorry for this old girl, boy. I have had a wonderful life without a ball and chain around by neck”. She teased. “Now boys, I am tired so I will go to my Guest room. You may stay up past Midnight if you can. Watch the fireworks. For me I will dream of Paris and Pablo Picasso.  You know he asked me if he could paint me in the Nude.  I refused, I didn’t think I looked that good in Blue.” She winked at the boys, walked off laughing back up to the second floor to her guest room.
The boys stared at Aunt Nellie, wondering should they believe her or not.  Decided to believe her, they shuddered. The image would haunt them for sure. Denny and the twins raided the buffet again, while Jimmy and Roger asked Jake if wanted to play another hand of Gin Rummy.  At the card table Jake asked.
“Was Aunt Nellie really that wild in your younger days?”
Charley came up to the card table. “Wild is to tame to describe Aunt Nellie. Since she turned 18, and inherited a good share of her Grandfathers estate, she has been a globe trotter spending one fortune after another. Her Fathers, and my Great Grandfathers. Our Great Grandfather was Aunt Nellies only living brother before he died. She had no other living siblings. Grandfather Grady shared in that estate, her brothers only child.  As Aunt Nellie puts it, she is very comfortable in her old age. Her family is the real treasure she has, worth more than the money and investments she has.  As for the actual figure, she will not tell.  Said that’s a surprise she will share only after her death.”
“Sounds like a lot though.” Jake said, then added. “Of late I have been learning money isn’t everything. There are more important things to cherish like family and love.”
Denny said, “That and Aunt Nellies, Wild and Woolley adventures.” Jake and the boys agreed. 
For the rest of the evening the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, played cards and board games, when it was just 15 minutes before Midnight, they raced upstairs grabbed their coats.  Jimmy led them up to the roof, by the fire escape to a small terrace on top.  Where they sat on benches watching the first of the fireworks go off. The new year had ended and a new one had begun. After the fireworks ended the boys tidied up the common room, put away the leftover buffet. Then retired to their rooms. Mrs. Walker came in an hour later, with Mr. Treach escorting her in from the Ball. Mr. Treach said good night my dear Inn Keeper, and may the New Year be profitable for you. Always the bean counter in him. He retired to his suite.  Mrs. Walker secured the front door, set the alarm, checked the boys rooms to find them asleep, Aunt Nellie as well. She retired to her room and  was soon in bed asleep. 
***

February was Denny’s Birth month where he would turn 14, in March Jimmy turned 15, then in April Roger turned 15. The twins would be 14 in June.  Jake would turn 17 in May. Six birthdays in a row, six parties to look forward too.  Then Aunt Nellie suggested a grand idea, why not have one big party in February on the 14th Valentine day. The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club were for it, the idea of getting their birthday gifts earlier. Aunt Nellie said this party would be for the boys to exchange personal gifts between them.  Family gifts and personal family time would come later when their birth month arrived. Aunt Nellie realizing that some of the boys more financially advantaged and others not so much, decided to put a limit on the cost of each gift at $25 dollars or less. Then in secret handed each boy $150.00. Explaining why, it would be her birthday gift to each.  That way the value of each gift would be no more or less then another gift given. She told each boy the story of the “Gift of the Magi” by O. Henry a short story of a husband and wife and how they dealt with challenges of buying secret gifts for Christmas with very little money between them. She told Jake the same story emphasized that though he could afford to spend more, she didn’t want the other boys to feel guilty that their gift from him cost more than the ones they gave him.  Jake thanked Aunt Nellie, told her he would never had thought of it that way. Jake learned a valuable lesson that day. That it is wasn’t better to give because of wealth, but better to receive the humblest gift. 
Valentine’s Day arrived at last. Aunt Nellie arranged at the local full dining restaurant to reserve their small meeting room for the boys to dine out her treat.  She uninvited herself, telling the boys this was their party. She made arrangement with their host to have one large birthday cake in the shape of a heart with the first names of the boys with their ages. Telling the host that the boys had their birthday months one after another, and this was their way of celebrating together between friends.  The menu was set, their best Deluxe Hamburger plate with fries, Soda, and ice cream with the cake.  No candles please, would not want the place to burn down with 89 candles a flame around celebrating teens.
That evening the boys arrived with six gifts each, finding the meeting room decorated with balloons, streamers, and a banner that read. “Happy Birth-days to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.”  A grand touch by their host.  After the meal was done, ice cream and cake served and eaten.  The Boys exchanged their gifts. It would take a new chapter here to list them all, so I won’t.  I will say each gift was from the heart, given in friendship and received in love.  The boys decided that evening before they left for their respective homes. That this would be a new tradition for them, each year to gather, to rotate the month, next year in March, then April, then May, then June, and back to February. If fate decided that one or some could not meet, where ever they were they would remember to toast them on their collective birthday. They kept that promise for many a years, until fate would separate them one by one into Gods loving arms.
***

Spring came in like a lion, roaring winds that bowled you over. April warm showers would melt the last of the snow and ice away. This year’s ice flow was tamer then last year, though not as bad in Grand Apple Valleys Junctions history where there railroad trestle and main traffic bridge was wiped away and had to be replaced. If not for an older narrow traffic bridge in town the folks would have been stranded, having to go miles out of their way to go from one side of town to the other side.   New ice breakers where added then to protect the bridges, huge wedge shape cement blocks. The town was used to spring flooding with the river ice melted and spring rains came, some years better than others.  Nature was Fickle after all. The Capp Twins, and Denny where busy with spring cleanup in April around the Boat house after the last of the waters receded.  They removed any debris that had collected around the boat house build up on stilts.  In May they would help the Sheriff haul the dock back down to the river anchor it ready for the County Sheriffs rescue boat.  It was where the boys swam off as well and launched their canoe and rowboat.
Denny checked the fence around the Boat house, noted any serious breaches to inform the sheriff needed fixing.  He installed a new fence alarm improving last year’s model with updated computer chips, sensitivity, and Solar Power panels.  He even improved on his campground invisible fence that fall adding a wrist band to wear. It allowed the wearer to exit and enter the campground with ease. Taking Mr. Wilks suggestion last summer, he should patent his design. He sent in a patent request with the latest new upgrades on his design that fall. The Sheriff helped him with the legal stuff.  Having been as a young adult, fresh out of law school, passed the bar, then entering the FBI academy and becoming an Agent.  Retired, now  as an agent and taking the position as County Sheriff.  The Sheriff told Denny it could takes weeks if not months for a patent to be reviewed and registered.  First, patent researchers had to check their database to see if there were other patents registered to see if someone else held patents on a similar device. If so, then technical advisor would have to determine if the current patent and Denny’s device where the same. If so, Denny’s request would be denied.  On the other hand, if Denny’s device met a requirement showing it was at a level of new technology better than the old technology his design would get a patent. It would take time for the process. Denny waited patiently as only Denny could by moving on to another project one after another. 
Soon the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club would start planning want adventures they would have when the summer break from school would come.  They were stumped as to how to top last summer’s adventure.  One by one except for Denny they passed around idea’s. Outside of the usual summer activities, chores, and Fourth of July, they just could not come up with an adventure to have. Then Jimmy noticed Denny sitting there in the boat house quiet yet fidgeting on the couch.
“Okay Denny, out with it, what Grand idea are you holding back.” Jimmy asked.
Denny looked around him, Roger, Charley, Roy, and Jake sat there, eager to hear what he had to suggest.  “Well, I was thinking of inviting you to the Upper Peninsula when I visit that Lodge, I inherited from my Father.” Denny with a dead pan face explains.
Roger, Charley, Roy, Jake, and Jimmy sat there letting that finally sink in. “What!”
“You see boys if your remember, I am the proud owner of a Lodge in the U.P. called the “Copper Ore Lodge” my father left me. I was thinking of visiting it to expect it this summer, to see what shape it was in. If it needed many repairs.” Denny told them. “I thought I invite you all to come with me, for two weeks, right after the Fourth of July.”
“Your pulling our legs Denny boy.” Roy told Denny.
“No, he’s not Roy,” Aunt Nellie stated standing outside the Boat house screened door with a tray of snacks and fresh milk. “I suggested Denny invite you to come along with Denny and me this summer.”
When the boys realized Denny wasn’t pulling their leg, they jumped with joy, pounding on Denny’s back. Roy apologizing to Denny for calling him a liar.
Before leaving the boat house, Aunt Nellie said, “I will leave the details up to Denny.  Eat your snacks and drink that milk before it curdles.  I have chores still to do. So do the twins if I recall.” She left the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club still graduating Denny for such a Grand Ideal. When things settled down, Denny explained those details.
“Two month ago, Aunt Nellie”, he turned to Jake the newcomer in the group, “Aunt Nellie is the trustee of my estate. She got a letter from the caretakers of the Lodge asking when the new owner would be coming around to inspect the place. Aunt Nellie and I had agreed to keep it in the family last summer. The information we got from the estate lawyers said it had been in the O’Tomas family for generations. Up until my Father left college, they had still been using it at least once a year. When Dad went missing, and my Grandparents died, it was closed down, abandoned. The caretakers said it has a sound foundation, good roof, just needs refinishing of wood work, lodge furniture, paint the walls, and bring the utilities and kitchen up to code to make it livable once again.  So, I decided to have it looked over by a reliable building inspector and contractor, he concurred the caretakers assessment.  He recommended we hire a historical restoration contractor to do the work, and they said they could have it livable by the Fourth of July. The work is on schedule so no reasons why we can’t head up to the lodge after the Fourth.” Denny told the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.
Charley asked the obvious question on their mind, “will our parents let us go?”
Denny dropped another bomb on them.  “Aunt Nellie has already got their permission, and they said okay.”
“Gee, Denny, anything else you haven’t told us.” Roy asked.
“The caretakers say the place is Haunted.” Denny said.
“It’s what!” Charley shouted.
“The story from the caretakers is that it is a recent haunting.  Lights appearing in windows from room to room.  Local authorities have checked the place out, but found no evidence of anyone in the lodge, or camping out.  Doors and windows locked, no force entry.  No candles or flashlights left behind. No electricity on either. No tracks outside, nothing to show who can be in the lodge at night. It’s a mystery right up our alley boys.” Denny said.
For an hour after Denny claims about the lodge being haunted, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club tossed about theories about ghost and if they were real.  Jimmy told them about the many explanations he as read about ghost and weird things happing in a haunted house. “Like, new owners who moved in to house,  would during storms seeing metal plates and silverware flying around the room.  Turns out a geologist discovered a large iron deposit near the house, the electrical storm created a magnetic field in the house which explained why the house was thought to be haunted by the previous owners who sold the house for cheap.  The new owners had that iron ore deposit removed.  No more haunting. In another case it proved to be just swamp gas floating in the night air, that glowed on its own where  the wind would move it along. Natural causes.”  
“Yet, I have read some strange things that happen, that many scientist can’t explain, except to say, that spirits might exist of people dying that refused to leave and go to heaven.  Some case studies have revealed this to be true in a sense that the theory is that a ghost remains around to reveal something.  In one case study, in an old farm house from the 1920’s had a ghost.  The ghost was harmless, yet kept moving things around, like furniture, the owners finding a third chair pulled at the table, or a third-place setting.  There was no third person in the house. Hiring a team of paranormal scientist. These scientist researched the history of the old farm house. Found out it was linked to a missing cousin of a known mobster at the time in the 1920.  This mobster used the farm house as a hide out from the law. The local people never saw the farmer again.  These scientist put one and two together and wondered if the cousin was the ghost.  Sure, enough after removing a bricked in wall that was newer then the original foundations walls in the basement, they found this cousins sixty-year-old bones behind the wall with a bullet in his skull his wallet stuck in tattered rotten clothes. Which would explain why there was always a third chair at the table or a place setting that was never there before.  The ghost had been trying to tell people he was the third person find me.” Jimmy added.
“Another story was about a ghost haunting a police officer, eventually the police officer was able to piece together the ghosts background, who he was, and who actually killed him.  The wrong person was in prison for a murder he didn’t commit.  Another was about ghost leading a family member to find the last will and testament he had hidden just before he died. Then there is tragic events where groups of ghost remind. Historically it is recorded out west that a group of pioneers heading for a pass through the mountains to reach the California territory, never reached the pass before it snowed in trapping the wagon train.  All perished in the snow storm that trapped them.  It’s a national park now, where you can see where there is still old wagon wheels about and where there remains have been buried.  People claim at night and day they can hear the cries and wails of children and adults in the wind. Then there are the charlatan’s who try to scare off people for one reason or another, or what they call Table Knockers, those at seances who try to contact the dead for money.  Rigged rooms and tables that float.  Knocking sounds under  the table where all hands are up on the table are held together in full sight of everyone, hence Table Knockers.” Jimmy related to the boys.
“So, what you’re saying Jimmy is that a ghost can be real, but not real, science has yet to prove one way or another.  Yet, if real, they have a reason for hanging around other than to scare people senselessly.  That flying objects in the air can be explained as a natural phenomenon like a magnetic field, or trickery by con men.” Jake asked.
“Yep.” Said Jimmy. Charley picked up a couch pillow and threw it at Jimmy.  “Hey why did you do that Charley?” Jimmy demanded.
“Hey, I didn’t do it, it was a magnetic ghost”. Before you knew it. There were ghosts, flying all over the place.
*****
Two days later, Denny gets a registered letter in the mail. Opening it, reading it, he begins jumping around.  Yelling.  “I did it, I really did it. I got my first patent.” The Sheriff and the twins came running into the front foyer.  The sheriff in the lead. Denny shouted, “Uncle Andrew, I did it, my first patent.”
The Sheriff stood there amazed. To be honest he didn’t think the patent office would approve the boys first patent application.  Denny hands him the letter from the patent office. The Sheriff reads it aloud.
“Mr. Dennis O’Tomas McKelly, after careful review of you application and the design of your “Campers Invisible Fence”, we have found in our research there is no other like it patent at this time.  Your unique approach to its design, function, and various applications, has shown us that it is a viable invention and can be profitable for you once you put it on the market. Therefore, we are granting your patent and registering you design under the name of Dennis O’Tomas McKelly, postdated to the date of your application.  You may market you design and have full rights and protections under the patent laws of the United States of America.... The rest of the letter is legal formalities Denny, length of patent and how to renew patent. This is fantastic Denny. We have a Bonafede inventor in the family. Well, Mr. junior Thomas Edison what are you going to do next.” The Sheriff asked. Before Denny could reply, the Twins where plummeting him enthusiastically on the back.
“I’m not sure Sheriff, maybe find a way to stop the Twins from committing felony murder.”
The Sheriff pulls the twins off Denny’s back, then gives Denny a great big hug. “You better make that accessory to felony murder. I’m so proud of you, who would have known.” The Sheriff said.
“I did.” Charley said. Me too Roy added. 
Aunt Nellie came into foyer. “What’s all this ruckus going on here.” The Sheriff handed her the letter. She reads it is remarks. “Well, it is about time that boy earns his keep around here.” She turns around heading back toward the kitchen. “I suppose I will have to fix him a hot compress for that swelling ego of his.” She turns back toward Denny.  “Come here boy and give your Aunt Nellie a hug.  It will be the first time I got a hug from a young Inventor. Did I ever tell you the story when I met a young man at Bell labs back in 1947, he showed me the first Transistor ever built in the Bell labs.  It was such a tiny thing. I told him it would never catch on...”
The Sheriff shouted. “catch her boys before she says she claims she met, Benjamin Franklin and tied the tail on his kite.” The boys halfheartedly chase after Aunt Nellie in to the kitchen.
The Sheriff returned to his study going over a report he brought home from the station. He seldom brough work home, but this case was perplexing.  Reports where coming in  all around the county about break-in’s in rural homes, and farm houses. The only thing missing was food from the pantry from refrigerators and freezers, clothing off clothes line.  Nothing else, no electronics, money, or pawnable items.  The first reports happens around the Winter Festival last year, in Grand Apple Valley Junction. Winter coats coming up missing, boots, hats and gloves from various homes and more food.  Most thought it was just lost gloves and scarfs they realized they didn’t lose when they got home. Then a young teens  winter coat came missing, then a teen size pair of winter boots.  A snow suit disappeared from a mud room.  After that it wasn’t until late spring when the reports started spreading throughout  other areas of food, spring clothing, even a sleeping bag hung out to air out.  Always at late at night or during the days when people were at work or kids at school.  No force entry or broken windows.  Who it was, had some skills in picking locks, and sneaking in and out quietly?  The Sheriff decided to bring home the reports and start mapping out each location to see if he could find a pattern to these break-ins.
***

Grandfather came to visit Jimmy at the Walker Inn, he had something important to tell his Grandson. Jimmy was in the lounge reading the local paper when Grandfather came.  “Hi, Jimmy, been waiting long.”
“No, Grandfather.” Jimmy replied
“Thats good, why don’t we take a walk down to the Ice Cream Parlor for a couple scopes of ice cream. Got something important to tell you”. Turning to the front desk where Jimmy’s Mother was sitting at, working on her ledgers. “Don’t mine Marie if I barrow my grandson for an ice cream cone.” 
Jimmy’s Mother looked up her ledger, “That fines Tom, just don’t let him eat the place out, and you too old man, don’t want to get a phone call with you complaining about your tummy.”
“Now Marie, since when was the last time I complained about my tummy.” Grandfather Tom asked.
“Let me see, I think that was last Sunday, right here at the Inn after one of my Sunday dinners, if I recall.” She teased her Father-in-Law.
“Okay, you got me there. Must have been something I eat that day.” He complained.
“Now hear this old man, I think it was the third helping of that peach pie I made.” If you recall she said.
Grandfather Tom surrendered. “Okay, you’re right Marie, it was the pie, the roast beef, the carrots, potatoes, and  the onions, certainly the onions gave me gas.” Marie waved her father-in-law away.
“Just don’t keep him out to late. It’s a school night. And don’t feed him to much ice cream either.” She admonished him.
Grandfather Tom and Jimmy left for the Ice Cream parlor down the street. When they were settled in a booth at the back of the parlor with two double scopes of chocolate chip ice cream each. Grandfather explained his visit to town. “Jimmy, I have some good news.  Geologist Baker has arranged for her Alma Matter to take that Geode off my hands.  With that generous gift from Mr. Lake, I can now afford the excavation of that mound.  I have already finished a serviceable road through the woods to Rainbow stream from County Road 9 about a quarter mile to the stream. Where I can get my backhoe down to the mound where I can do some prep work.”  
“A specialist from the University will be there to aide me in the final excavation of the Geode. Baker’s sonar sounding and mapping confirms that it isn’t too deep in the ground.  It takes up about just over 1/3 of that mound.  I plan to dig Bear Tree out first, then use the backhoe to lift her out of its socket. I have already dug a new hole for her, closer to the wood line.  Should be safer their during any flooding.  With the front loader, on the backhoe dig around the Geode until we have as much as we can revealed. From there the specialist will incase her in a fast-drying shell of foam to assure she won’t crack.  The sonar shows several areas, that are thinner than most.  Anywhere from 4 inches to 15 inches. Not counting the soft soil.”   
“Once in its  cast, we can roll her over to get to the lower end of her then covered that end in foam. It should be safe to roll her over onto a heavy canvas net the university is providing.  The University is supplying a mid-size crane cable of getting down my new access road as long as we don’t have any heavy rain soaking the ground.  The crane will be able to lift her up in her webbing carry her back to the road where a large gravel hauler is waiting.  Deposit her in the hold, then take the long journey to the University into storage until they can ready an exhibit to display her. There they will cut the form cast off, clean her up, and position her on pedestal where visitors can peer inside the entrances.” Grandfather Tom explained.
Jimmy asked his Grandfather. “When are you planning to do this?”
“Well let’s see, this is May the 5th, if the weather holds, it will be on the 15th on a Sunday where there will be less traffic on county Rd 9.  The university estimate it will take a good 10 hours from start to finish barring any incident.  Their specialist is a pro at these kinds of excavations, and I will have all the prep work done by that Saturday with most of the mound gone except around the lower half of the Geode.  That will be the last part we excavate on Sunday morning.  After its gone I will finish leveling the place off, throw some wild grass down, and by this time next year no one will be the wiser.” Promised Grandfather Tom.
“Thats sound great, Grandfather.  Will the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club be able to come by that Saturday to see it for the last time.” Jimmy asked.
“Well Jimmy, I was hoping you would ask, we can have an overnight at the farm house if you wish. You can all come over on Friday night, then get an early start in the morning. Charley can drive the quad with you boys and follow me on the front loader up do the corner on County Rd 9, not far from there to the new access road.  They plan to bring the flatbed in with the crane and the large gravel truck by night under cover Saturday night. The Sheriff will have a deputy out all night keeping an eye on the equipment as it will be blocking the road.  By Sunday night it will be gone, and the road open again. Hey, time, I get you back to the Inn before your mother sends out the national guard on us.” The two left the Ice Cream Parlor and had a quiet walk back to the Inn.
The next day at School Jimmy told the boys Grandfather Toms plans and invitation to help that week end.  They were all looking forward to it, except Jake Lake.


Chapter 3
Jake Exorcises A Ghost


The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club arrived at Grandfather Toms curtesy of the Sheriff.  The boys unloaded their backpacks from the trunk of the family car, slipped them on, then each grabbed their sleeping bags and headed for back door of the farm house.  Grandfather Tom met them at the door, told them to store their things in mud room for now, and then could take Jake out to the barn, too see the young lambs with the ewes.  Had two sets of twins this spring. Just put a new rope up in the hay loft, just mind you don’t get rope burns now, he explained.  While the boys went out to the barn, Grandfather Tom had some business with the Sheriff.
“Thanks for bringing the boy’s out Sheriff. They’re going to be great help this weekend.” Grandfather told the Sheriff.
“No problem Tom, you keep those boys busy, and out of trouble.  They are  a year older and they are getting to be a hand full.” The Sheriff told Tom.
“Now as I recall, you and my Jimmy at that age where just as troublesome.  I kept you busy on the farm too, and out of trouble if I recall Sheriff.”
“That you did Tom, that you did, I remember the first time the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club came out here to help with the ewe’s.  The first time us boys, outside of Jimmy, saw a Lambing.  It was amazing yet disgusting all at the same time. Sikes and Treewaller puked their guts up if I remember right.”
“Now Sheriff I remember you did a good job of puking you share too.” Laughed Tom.
“That I did”. Laughed the Sheriff.
“Well Sheriff, it looks like the weather is going to hold, so we should be able to get that Geode moved Sunday.  I will keep the boys busy helping me Saturday start with the excavation of the Bear Tree to its new home.  They will need to bring water from the spring to the tree and give it a good drink after I transplant it. Then I will start on moving earth around Geode. Until we have as much as I dare move, wouldn’t want that rock to start rolling in the stream now would we.  The university will have the Flatbed with the crane in place Saturday night. First thing Sunday morning we will start the process freeing the Geode from the ground, in case her foam and get her to that flatbed and crane. I appreciate you assigning a Deputy to watch over the equipment during the night.” Grandfather Tom explained.
“No problem Tom. You make sure the Twins stay off that Geode after she’s dug out. I am sure they will find an excuse to climb her. Well, duty calls, so I best get back to the house and exchange this beast for my squad car. Oh, one more thing, Jimmy tells me that Jake seems a bit nervous coming out here.  Keep an eye on him. I am sure it’s going to be a traumatic experience for him.  Should do him some good to let go those ghosts that haunt him.” Shaking hands with Tom, the Sheriff left the farm.
“That it would Sheriff, that it would.” Grandfather Tom thought to himself as he went to the barn.  The boys were up in the hay loft swinging on the new rope from one side of the barn to the other side and swinging back. Each taking turns. Grandfather Tom stood there unnoticed by the boys, remembering his own youth swinging from hay loft to hay loft. Though in his days, his father frowned on the boy using the rope for play. Work came first, and the hay bales where not going to fly up to the loft on their own. Coughing Grandfather Tom got the boys attention.  “Play time over Tarzan. There’ a meal waiting for us back at the farm house. Mind you keep that hay in the barn and not track it into the house.”
At the call for dinner, the boys climbed down from the hay loft, brushed off the hay from their clothing and shoes, rushing off to the Farm house.  Jake was lagging behind them.
“Jake can I have a moment of your time”. 
Jake turned around, “Yes, Sir”
“Now you can cut the Sir son, everyone calls me Grandfather Tom, though it is nice to hear a young man respect his elders. I just wanted to let you know, I have removed that Lean-to and any evidence it was ever there.  Though it might be good if you find the courage to visit the spot tomorrow with the boys. Friendship can be a good way of getting rid of Ghosts that haunt you. Also, it wouldn’t hurt to throw a few curses at those Ghosts either. Come along Jake, before those rascals eat all the food.”
“Yes, Grandfather Tom.” Said Jake.
“Now that wasn’t so hard was it Jake.”
“No, kind of felt good actually. I never knew my Grandparents, they died before I was born.” Jake said.
“Well let me tell you about your Grandfather Lake, Jake, he was a fine man and a good friend of mine.”
“You knew Grandfather Lake.”  Jake asked Grandfather Tom.
“Though he was a more then few years older than me, we had some good times together. Remind me to tell you the story when we painted coach O’Malley’s shed in the colors of a rival team. Now there was an adventure. But we best get on in to the house, before the Twins start a food fight.” Taking Jake in tow they hurried into the house to save some food for themselves.  
Later that evening Grandfather Tom after the boys helped with his chores in the barn, told Jake and the boys about Jakes Grandfather Timothy Lake.  As he told Jake earlier, his Grandfather was more than a few years older than he was. By 7 years. “Timothy Lake was 23, and I had just turned 16. Timothy was just out of college, had a darn good football career going there in college, until he was sidelined with an injury in the last game of his senior year.  For many of us boys we looked up to him he was our college idol, could have gone pro if not for that injury. Well, he came back to town, became an assistant football coach at school. Despite his status as a First Family son, and I might add his father was not pleased he decided to coach.  “No son of his was going to be a teacher”, his son was a Lake and Lakes are expected to stay home and be Landlords people of wealth and leaders in the higher branches of Society. Sorry Jake your Great Grandfather was a snob, and that’s a fact.”
“Well Timothy was a hit with the teens he coached. Taught us new football plays, encouraged us to do our best in ways head coach O’Malley didn’t, a much older teacher with outdated notions about sports.  He was a hard task master. Took all the fun out of playing football. Well Timothy put that fun back in the game.  Thats why we like him so much.  This story isn’t about sports. It’s about Timothy taking a stance when it came to O’Malley’s outdated approach and Timothy’s way of coaching. Well, the last game of the season was 14 to 21 in our favor.  It was a good rival we played, one we have never beaten before in nearly a decade. Both teams played their best. We played better than we ever had.  O’Malley was constantly coaching us with an iron hand berating us for every error he saw in how we were playing the game though we were winning. Every time we made a touch down O’Malley would find some flaw in the play, while Timothy tried to keep our spirits up. It was a constant battle between opposing views. One minute before the clock ran out, we had control of the ball. Timothy told us to put in play #8, a new play we had not used that night. Timothy believed that to be successful in a game we needed several plays to confuse the other team.  Don’t give them a chance to figure out what your next move is going to be. Coach O’Malley, on the other hand, was find with some traditional plays. In his mind two good plays were enough, what was good in his days was just as good today.”
“Timothy wanted to put play # 8 on the field, believing the other team would be caught off guard with a new play. In a heated discussion between them, O’Malley overruled Timothy.  What could he do, he was just the assistant coach?  O’Malley ordered us on the field with a play that has never worked for us. We lost the game. O’Malley lost the game for us. The team captain finally lost his head and accused O’Mally of deliberately throwing the game for us, even accusing him of being on the other’s team payroll.  The team captain was backed up by the whole team. The next day O’Malley had the team captain up on charges of deliberately throwing the game by refusing to follow the play correctly, un-sportsmen like conduct, and assaulting the coach. The captain was facing expulsion from school. To add salt to the injury, O’Malley wanted Timothy Lake fired for insubordination.” 
Now you might expect Jake, that your Great Grandfather would have stood on his son’s side on the issues. No, he washed his hands of the whole ordeal. He wanted his son to be fired and return to his place in the family as a first son. The night before the school board met, Timothy Lake and I, along with a few other players, sneaked out to O’Malley’s place.  O’Malley still had an old outhouse in back of the place used for a storage shed.  It had been arranged for O’Malley to be elsewhere on a parents meeting on the issue.  While away, we painted that outhouse in the team colors of the rival team we lost too right down to the mascot of a Cardinal. Where we added the slogan “I am a Cardinal Fan, Go Cardinals. The next night at the school board meeting to discuss the issue of expulsion and Timothy’s firing. It was a heated night with most of the parents siding with their son’s on the issue. The School board was divided three ways, over supporting Coach O’Malley, supporting a First Son of the town, and the parents. Timothy Lake, and the Football team where all present.” 
“At the peak of the heated discussion, Todd Wakes the editor of the Grand Apple Valley gazette, Gus Wakes Great Grandfather, comes rushing in waving a state journal paper.  On the front page of the journal was the headline “Rival high school coach supports Rival team” with a picture showing O’Malley’s storage shed painted in the Rival teams color with its Mascot, and the slogan, “I am a Cardinal Fan, Go Cardinals.” Todd Wakes reads the article attached. “Coach O’Malley of Apply Valley Highschool, recently loses his final season game to the Cardinals of Lincoln High in Studderville. A game Apply Valley High has lost in the last Ten years. As an alumnus of Lincoln High.  O’Malley’s name came to mind. Looking through yearbooks I discovered that O’Malley was an alumnus of Lincoln High a few years before me. One would raise the question. During the Ten years Coach O’Malley has been coaching at Apple Valley high, why his team kept losing to the Cardinals?”
“Well boys you could imagine the surprise on the school boards faces, and the angry outburst of the parents at that meeting.  When the board asked O’Malley if he was an alumnus of Lincoln High in Studderville, he tried to protest it. Said it was a lie. Then they  asked why his shed was painted in Lincoln High school colors, he couldn’t answer that except to say he didn’t paint it those colors.  The board dismissed the expulsion charges against the team captain, and insubordination charges against Timothy Lake. O’Malley a week later was fired as head coach when further evidence came forward showing in fact O’Malley had indeed been an alumnus at Lincoln high at a time when they had lost a whole season to Apple Valley High. I am sorry to say, that Lincoln High had to forfeit nearly all the games they won against Grand Apple Valley high and spent many a season suspended by the high school sports commission of that era.”
Jimmy spoke up, “Grandfather, did Timothy Lake and you know at the time coach O’Malley was a Cardinal?”
“No Jimmy we did not, that was an unexpected bonus. We only wanted to embarrass O’Malley to drop his charges.”
“Who was the team captain, Grandfather Tom?” Roger asked. 
“Who do you expect it was Roger?”
Jimmy jumped in, “It was you Grandfather.”
“Yes, it was Jimmy”. Grandfather admitted.
Roy asked Grandfather Tom, “Did O’Malley ever find out who painted his shed?”
“No, Roy, Head Coach Lake and I never revealed that lark to anyone.  After I graduated from High School, Coach Lake and I became good friends throughout the years. He led Grand Apply Valley high school to its one and only state championship before he retired as a coach. In fact, if you look through the Trophy case at the high school, you will find that trophy some where most likely stuck in the back-collecting dust. Well boys I believe it’s time for bed, we have an early day planned.  Move the furniture around here and roll out your sleeping bags.  Mind you don’t chatter too late. I’ll see you in the morning. Good night boys.” Grandfather Tom retreated to his room.
As the boys moved furniture around, Jimmy asked Jake if he had known his grandfather was a head coach of the high school? “No, I didn’t, both my parents, parents passed before I was born.  Dad and Mom isn’t one to talk much about their parents. I don’t think it’s about being ashamed of them, it is just their generation not seeing the value of keeping the family tree flourishing.  We can lose so much family history when we lose interest in the family tree and stories about them. I have to admire Aunt Nellie, she is a walking family tree, and the Twins and Denny are lucky they know more about their family tree then most kids our generation do. I’m going to ask my parents what their parents were like, maybe I can put a flame under them to be more open about the First Family tree of Grand Apple Valley Junction.  So far, I have learned my Great Grandfather was snob, and my Grandfather a winning coach of High school sports.  I wonder what ghost there are in the attic at the mansion. Speaking of ghost, I been thinking that theirs a ghost I like to exorcise tomorrow at the Geode.  Will you boys help me.”
Jimmy spoke up. “ We will be there for you Jake when you need us. Don’t you worry.”
***

The morning came early, if not always bright, though this morning was promising to be a bright and sunny day.  Grandfather Tom fixed a traditional Farm breakfast, sliced Ham, fresh eggs, hash browns, toast, and milk. He had the boys help him put sack lunches together to take with them to the excavation site. They loaded the quad trailer with several plastic buckets, ice chest with Soda and water to drink, their sack lunches.  Grandfather Tom loaded the loaded the Front loader of the backhoe with shovels, rope, four large tarps and several 4x4 6-foot post. He told the boys that should be enough equipment for now.  He told the boys he had already had a stash of old canvas firehose’s he bought at a salvage yard years ago for strapping around tree stumps for pulling them out of the ground. They came in handing for lashing down things in the barn.  
Charley driving the quad, followed Grandfather Tom driving the backhoe, they headed for where County Rd 9 intersected the with Ten Mile road Grandfather lived on. Just a quarter mile East on County Rd 9, Grandfather Tom had built the new access road through Jimmy’s Woods. Stopping, at the new gate, Grandfather, unlocked the gate, and waved the quad through, then followed Charley to Bear Tree. First order of the day was to haul water to the hole where Bear Tree would be moved to.  Fill the hole up with has much water as the hole could hold. While the boys did that.  Grandfather had Jake help him at the mound loosening up dirt around the base of Bear Tree.  Grandfather explained the Sonar pictures taken of the mound showed that the tree root system spread around the Geode on the south side of the mound to several feet out away from the Geode, while on the top of the mound on top of the Geode they spread over the Geode outer surface like spider webs. The goal was to loosen the soil down to 1 foot or more on top about 6 feet around the tree on the south side of the tree.  The north side roots where exposed at the surface where the soiled had been removed by earlier flooding from the stream where the flooding had exposed the Geode.
Once they had loosen enough top soil, then Grandfather Tom was going to start removing the mound from the far south side where the roots of the tree where at their thinnest, then work gradually toward the Geode, digging with the backhoe. Cutting away the mound to within 6 feet of the Geode.  All that dirt would be shift over toward the new hole where the Bear tree would be transplanted. Once they removed enough of the mound. Grandfather Tom would use the old canvas Firehoses to strap them around the Bear tree just below the first intersections of branches.  Hopefully to be able to pull the tree upward enough with the backhoe shaking loose those spiderweb roots from the Geode. Then pull the Tree southward until they had it off the Geode and resting on the ground on its root system. From there they could drag it to the new hole, over the hole and let the roots drop in.  With the backhoe pull the tree upright, then with ropes stake the tree in position. With the Front loader on the backhoe, move dirt to fill her in.  Then pack the top soil down with the front loader.  
It would be labor intensive for most of the morning, then lunch, then remove as much as the remaining soil from around the Geode.  Take the firehoses and Strap her down so she wouldn’t move unexpectedly.  Before sunset tonight the Flatbed truck and with the larger crane would arrive to park at the gate of the access road.  The Crane would be able to traverse to the Geode on Sunday to lift the encased Geode up and carry it to a Large gravel hauler.  Where it will be transported to the University. The crane reloaded onto the Flatbed truck and back to the construction company were it was leased from.
Grandfather Tom and the boys worked hard, though the backhoe did most of the real hard work. It took them 4 hours to get the tree to its new location without harm to the upper branches. With the roots system was much intact.  Grandfather figured it had a good chance of surviving.  The only loss was what remained of the tree stand. To be expected Grandfather Tom told the boys.  After Lunch Grandfather told the boys to rest awhile, as the remaining part of the work was to be done by the Backhoe clearing away the rest of mound from the Geode.  It was beginning to look like a sphere now with most of the mound gone.  As Grandfather began the finishing work, the boys led Jake up the trail to where the Lean-to once stood.  By now much of that cleared space was being taking over by scrub and young saplings.  You could see where the fire pit was, as much of the stones circling it still remained. Jake stood there staring at the fire pit. Then spoke to the boys.
“I have not told you this, but we learned the location of this lean-to from the Twins and Denny, two days before the Fourth of July.  Tommy Lee had stolen a rowboat off the river, after we had failed to reach the pick-up point to get the ransom money from that mail box.  Tommy Lee decided to head back toward Grand Apply Valley Junction, along the way back we sneaked into a barn for the night.  That was where Tommy Lee found those shackles. We managed to make it to Apple River after that, with me hobbling along in my shackles. There Tommy Lee stole a rowboat with oars still in it.  He made me roll most of the way.  A couple of days later at 2 in the morning, we silently floated through town then out to the river flats. We hid that day until sunset, then I told Tommy Lee about the boat house.  What I didn’t tell him it was the Sheriffs boat house.”  
I  was hoping I could get him to go ashore to find food in the boat house and trigger the alarms there bring the Sheriff out of the house.  As we approached the dock, Tommy Lee could hear the Twins and Denny talking about the camp out at Jimmy’s Grandfather Tom’s farm where a camp was already set up stocked with tents and supplies.  Then Tommy Lee noticed on the Dock a sign warning no trespassing private property of the County Sheriff.  He got angry at me and made me roll down the river.  He asked me where Grandfather Tom farm was.  I didn’t want to tell him, but he threaten to throw me in the river and let me drown.  I told him it was down river where the Rainbow stream entered it.  I didn’t know how far, just that there was valley where Grandfather Tom kept sheep.  It took us a couple of days, but we finally got there late on the second day the sun setting. We ditched the boat in reeds and started hiking up the stream looking for that camp site the twins talked about. We missed the trail to the base camp ended up sleeping out on down the trail.  In morning we came to Bear Tree saw the trail into the woods and found the Lean-to stocked with blankets, fire wood and food supplies.
We spend the night there, building a fire and filling our bellies full. The next day Tommie Lee wanted to leave taking the blankets and supplies we could carry.  I said no, I could barely walk in those shackles.  I tried to get away from him, that was when I fell into the spider nest. We got in a fight and that was when I managed to injury his Arm. After that, Tommy Lee, brooding complaining his Arm was broken.  It wasn’t, I managed to make a sling for it.  I did everything I could keep him there, believing this was the camp site you boys was coming to.  That early evening before you rescued me out of the Rainbow stream. I was not aware that you had arrived at the mound then on the trail or found us at the Lean-to.  Tommy Lee was getting moodier by the hour that day. I was getting sicker by the hour, I knew my ankles where in a bad way the shackles tighter as my ankles swollen, he wouldn’t take them off me afraid I would run and leave him alone with a broken arm.  I knew I had an infection on my arm where that spider bite was, I was feverish and hungry.  Tommy Lee wouldn’t let me eat except the scraps of his plate. When he demanded I get down to the stream with that bucket for fresh water, I was ready to give up and drown myself.  I remember coming out of the woods, heading for the stream, falling then getting up onto my knee’s reaching the water, I was going to crawl in and end it. I passed out before I could.  The next thing I remember was waking up in the cave and Jimmy propping up my head on a jacket.” 
“Damn you Tommy Lee, damn you, I wanted to die, I was going to kill myself just to get away from your madness, I wanted to die.” Jake fell to his knee’s bawling, pounding his fist in the dirt over and over again. “I wanted to die, I wanted to die.”
Denny kneeled down next to Jake at his left, holding Jake in his arms. “Jake you didn’t die, God wouldn’t let you.  Call it want ever you want, but you were not meant to die then, or later when you were so sick. He brought us to you at the right time and place when you needed us the most.  Jimmy and Roger to pull you out of the stream when you fainted. Charley to take care of you when you were burning up with fever.  We all pitched in to capture Tommy Lee, in a big way we also saved his life from his madness.  Just as we saved you from you from your despair.”
Jimmy knelt next to Jake on his right, “Jake, it’s time you exorcise those ghost, and put that haunting to an end. We are all here as we were then and will always be Jake.”
Roger Knelt in front of Jake, “I will always be your friend Jake, through thick and thin.”
Charley, knelt at Jakes back, “They have taken all the best lines Jake, know this, when you need a laugh to cheer you up, you can count on the Capp twins.”
Roy knelt next to his twin, “Just remember Jake, I am the straight guy, and Charley is the comic relief.”
Jake reach out to spread his arms around the boys as much as he could, tears still running down his cheeks, “I don’t know why I deserve such good friends”
Charley, said the last word, “you bullied your way into our hearts that’s why.
***

Jake eventually pulled his emotion together, rose and thanked the  boys for understanding.  He felt has if a great weight had lifted off his shoulder. They returned back down the trail, to Grandfather Tom.  He had been diligent with the backhoe, the rest of the mound around the Geode was gone. They found him with a shovel in his hand removing the last dirt around the base of the mound.  Geode sat about 4 inches in the ground at that point, as if it were a giant egg in a nest.  Though the boys had been inside, of Giant Geode when they first discovered it last summer. Jake had a vague memory of being in a dark cave.  The boy’s led Jake around  to the entrance of the Geode, and invited him to be the first in.  Handing Jake, a flashlight, Jake crawled through the hole in the Geode, turned on the light, and stood there amazed. Being has tall has he was, his he had to duck under a few crystals that threaten to bean him. Then sat down as the boys crawled in behind them. The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club sat there for a while mesmerized by the beauty of the multifaceted crystals of various lengths and sizes.  Grandfather Tom squeezed in, the last time he was in the crystal was when his Son some  20 years ago had been the first to discover the Geode after he had been treed a by a bear cub. It has been a family secret ever since.  
As it was nearing early evening, they heard an air horn blast off in the area of county rd. 9.  Grandfather Tom got out and shooed the boys out of the Geode. “That’s got to be the flatbed with the crane.  I’ll take the quad up to the road and let the driver know we are here.  I want you boys to take those 4x4x6 post and place them around the Geode at the base tight up against it.  Then take as many of the tarps you need to cover it.  When I get back, we will hammer in the Large horseshoe nails in the Front Loader to the 4x4 posts, then with rope strung over the tarps tie the tarp down to the 4x4’s.” Another Air horn blast.  Grandfather Tom jumped into the Quad and raced up the access road.
The boys got busy with the 4x4 posts, shoving them under the foot of the Geode, then threw 3 tarps over the Geode, then 12 ropes where strung across the tarps.  Jake the strongest got the horseshoe nails from the front loader and a small sledge hammer out. With Roger helping they nailed in 24 nails in to the 4x4’s around the Geode. By the time Grandfather was back with the driver of the Flatbed, they had the tarp secured, and the work was done.  Grandfather introduced Mr. George Tucker, the Excavation Specialist from the University. He was impressed on how much work had been done. Before the light faded for the day, he inspected the Geode, through the seams of the tarp.  Explained to Grandfather that everything looked fine.  Tomorrow they would with a portable high-pressure pump with its own generator, would take water from the stream and spray the remaining dirt off the Goede so they could start the process of incasing it in a triple expanding foam, from head to toe as it stands, then roll it to over to expose the bottom, clean that off and incase that area of the Geode with foam.  Turning to the boys Mr. Tucker explained.
“I am sure Mr. Walker has told you how we will get a heavy canvas web around it like a fishing net. Hook that net up to the crane and transport it to the Gravel Truck.  Judging by the sonar mapping our engineering department as given us, the best estimate of it weight.  Allowing for the weight of the crystals samples we have, the hollow void, and the outer shell of stone, we give  it to be around 15 tons. The largest crystal alone inside the Geode can weight up to 200 pounds, because of their density. As for age of this wonder, a carbon analysist will tell us that age once we can get a sample of the outer shell and any carbon crusting on the crystals. Our best estimate is somewhere between 1 to 2 million years given how fall back the last glaciers flowed through this state. The Pulpi Geode found in 1999 in an abandoned mine in Spain is 390 cubic feet, our girl her when laser measured should put that at around 410 cubic feet making it the world largest Geode to be found on the surface of the earth intact as a complete sphere incased in stone.  The University is grateful for Mr. Walkers donation and would like honor the original discover of the Geode.  Officially naming it the James T Walker Geode at a later date when it goes on public display.  I understand this is James son here Mr. Walker.”
“Yes, this my grandson and name sake of my late Son. I reckon he would be the third person to rediscover the Geode after my son who showed it to me the day, he found it 20 years ago.  Of course, the other boys here where with him at that time last summer. I guess that makes it only 7 outside of Geologist Sarah Baker who has been working with the University in getting this project off the ground.” Grandfather Tom explained.
“Well then I guess we will have 8 honored guest in the future when the James T. Walker Geode is dedicate before the public. Until then we need to get this lovely marble to the University in one piece.” Mr. Tucker announced. 
With the county sheriff on guard on County Rd 9, patrolling the access road to the Geode and back to the flatbed, Sunday arrived without any incident. By late Sunday afternoon the Geode was on its way to the University. Grandfather spent the rest of the summer relieved that he didn’t have to worry about the Geode being vandalized for souvenirs if the secret ever came out.  He kept another secret about that lovely Marble.  Many of the crystals in side where worth thousands of dollars each because of their size and gem value.  He had harvested all of the crystals found on the floor of the geode and with an appraiser had them valued, and put on auction, those that didn’t sell, he kept in trust for Jimmy and Terri.  The funds raised he opened up a scholarship account to assure Jimmy, and Terri would never have to worry about their education and set aside funds to keep the land in the Walker name for generations to come.


Chapter 4
The Sheriff Nabs a Thief


The Twin’s had their 14th birthday in the Boat house with Family that last week of May.  It was a quiet and solemn affair.  As you may recall the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club had a birthday bash party back in February to which they celebrated the members of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club collective birthdays, each being a month after each other, from February to June. It was a novel idea of Aunt Nellie for the boys to have a special get together, exchanging gifts at a private party just for the six of them.  No, family attended.  She figured that when each boys’ birthday did arrive, they could spend it in the bosom of their families. It was to become a long-honored tradition for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.
Now you might wonder what two 14-year-old twins would want for their Birthday.  The Sheriff, Dr. Mom, and Aunt Nellie where wondering that themselves.  The Capps didn’t spoil the Twins as you might think given, they were well off, with The Sheriff having a good income, and Dr. Mom owner and CEO of a Clinic and small Hospital.  The boys had new clothing for school each year, and as boys of that age often do, they have sudden growth spurts, so their wardrobe was constantly changing. They got a reasonable allowance each week in relationship to their chores. A college fund was invested in, Dr. Mom hoping at least one of the twins would follow in her footsteps, and the other in a good profession like their father as an Attorney slash FBI agent slash county Law enforcement. Thought the Capps would settle with whatever career they chose as long as it was supported with a 4-year college degree.  Their grades where promising in school and with a bit more maturing settling down as older teens, they would do better.  The twins had hobbies, though they often changed when interest changed.  They had the comfort of a good home, loving family, and shared interest with the Sheriff in sports, boating, and fishing. Idyllic, yes, and well-earned for being good boys, despite the angst of being Teenage boys.
So, what to give their growing teens, since last summer had shown they can be responsible, trustworthy, and courageous during challenging times.  What boys of this modern age wanted the most?  Aunt Nellie being the “Thoroughly Modern Millie” of her era, that Wild and Woolley girl, came up with the perfect Gift. “Cell Phones.”  So, the Twins where presented that evening before cake and ice cream. A pair of Cell Phones.  With stipulations and admonishments.  First and most important, don’t lose them, Second, they are not toys, and Third.  Well they was no Third, as the service was unlimited, with parental apps so parents could control content and usage.  Most importantly, Global Positional Tracking, so the Capps would know where the twins where at all times. In all fairness, Aunt Nellie gave one to Denny, so that he wouldn’t feel left out.  What the three didn’t know, Jimmy, and Roger would get a cell phone of their own for having good grades this year in school.  Jake had one since last year, but given his troubles as it where then, it remained in his room forgotten.
***

The last week of school came to an end where Jimmy and Roger saw their Sisters graduate from High School.  Terri Walker was Valedictorian, and Susy Wilks was Salutatorian. Which made Mrs. Walker proud of her Daughter, and the Wilks equally proud as well. The Walkers and the Wilks had a joint graduation party for family and friends held at Grandfathers farm under a huge tent down by the riverbank.  It was rememberable night for the girls, their fellow classmates, and family.  Grandfather Tom that afternoon, announced to the girls that they were to be endowed with the first Scholarship from the James T. Walker the first, Scholarship Foundation supporting Community College two-year programs with Tuition and books, and the first Two years of a 4-year college for Tuition. As he explained it, the recipient was to by the end of community college, earned further scholarships for tuition or grants for the last two years of a four-year college.  Encouraging good grades and stewardship. The Walker Scholarship was open to County High School senior’s only. The Wilks where surprised as well as, Grandfather Toms, daughter-in-law. Mrs. Walker was relieved to know Terri would have a good start in life.  What money she had put aside for Terri’s college year would not have been enough, but a start.  The Scholarship would fill the gaps assuring Terri would reach her goals with less worry about financing her college Education.  Terri had decided her goal was a master’s in hospitality management.  Susy’s goal was a master’s in Library Science, to follow in her father’s footsteps.
Jimmy and Roger did very well in their grades.  Roger had earned a Junior Varsity letter in baseball.  Jimmy kept a “B+” average.  Twins, where nearing that goal, with more “B’s” then “C’s” an improvement over last year.  Denny had excellent grades in science, and math, but was weak in social studies, yet managed to earn a B- overall. Jake was doing much better this year, bringing last year’s C- up to a C+ with the help of the others. He was still catching up to his potential and his senior year should see him reach the goal of a B. Bright lads all around.  With the school year at an end, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club sat down to put the finishing touches on their summer plans.  
The trip to Copper Ore Lodge was foremost on their mind. All obstacles but one had been overcome.  What form of transportation were they taking to get there? Aunt Nellie and the Capps had talked about train or bus, flying that short distance didn’t make that much sense as the nearest airport from the lodge would require them to rent a car to drive another 75 miles to get there. Renting a car from here, would be costly, but given Denny’s legacy, he could afford it. Just one problem, Aunt Nellie didn’t drive any more.  Something to do with her last adventure in a car, a speeding ticket or two. Now that’s another story for another time.  Both the Sheriff and Dr. Mom didn’t have the spare time to drive them up, drive back home, then drive up and pick them up and drive back home again. Terri and Susy where going to start community college right away so had no time to spare either. Grandfather admitted that such a long drive for him and back would not be the best for him at his age.  So, the consideration was to hire a car and reliable driver.  Finding one was a problem the Capps soon learned. The first two candidates checked out by the Sheriff were unsuitable and we will leave it at that. Now, as providence would have it, a solution came up later that week.
It was nearing Jakes 17th birthday, his folks held a small gathering of family. Jakes Brother and Sister had surprised Jake with a visit on his birthday, a rare occasion for the Lakes.  Though not a surprise when you consider Jake’s father insistence, they come.  As he put it, its time this family act like a family, and not strangers passing in the night. He also used that age-old threat by family with wealth. I insist, or I’ll write you at of the will.  Though Mr. Lake really didn’t mean it. Though it got results. So, Jake had his brother and his wife, and their two boys.  His sister arrived in tow with her only child, Jakes niece. Her husband on a last-minute business trip could not come.  For 3 days, Jake felt like a complete family, getting to know his siblings better.  He introduced his two Nephews and Niece to the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. The boys 10 and 12, and the niece 9. The boys where boys high-spirited and the niece shy and withdrawn.  Her mother over possessive, While the Boys parents were inattentive.  The grandparents where spoiling them rotten, making up for lost time. Jake was just as guilty with his devotion to his nephews. The nephews were soaking up the attention.
That second night of his siblings visit Jake gathered together with his parents, siblings, nephews, and niece to celebrate his seventeenth birthday. Gifts where opened, his brother giving Jake a gift certificate for an online clothing store.  His sister gave her youngest brother a new watch.  His nephews presented Jake with two framed pictures of themselves.  Signed, “To Uncle Jake, with love.” His niece gave him a handsome Tie, saying “Grandmother helped me pick it out.”  Jake was surprised, that was the most words he heard from his niece since her arrival.  His mother presented him with a new sports coat.  His father with much fan fair said.
“Jake, a boy of your age does not need much in toys and gadgets. Though that is a fine watch you sister has given you. It has been a difficult last year for you, your grades have improved much. You have good friends around you that are loyal and trustworthy keeping your best interest at heart. We are proud of you son, for taking a difficult time in your life and well “Turning Vinegar into fine wine.”  We had planned to give you this last gift to you on your 16th birthday. Events of that summer prevented that from happening. But better late than never.”  He handed over a small box with an envelope attached. “Open the box first son.” Jake opened the box and found a car key inside.  Realizing what it meant, he opened the envelope to find a car title, and picture of a new black Ford Expedition. Jakes father added. “I know since your passed your driver’s test, you been driving the family car helping you mother run errands. And the occasional outing.  Of late you have been very responsible behind the wheel. Your mother and I agreed that you are a fine driver. I have talked it over with Sheriff Capp and if he approves your driving skills are up to par, He would like you to hire you to drive Aunt Nellie and the boys up to Copper Ore Lodge after the Fourth. You think you can handle it son.” Asked his Father.
Jake was at a loss for words, then found them. “Yes, Father I do, Thank you Father.” Jake hugged his Father, then his Mother.  Then asked to be excused, he wanted to call the boys with the good news. Jake first called Sheriff Capp at home.  Telling him he would be honored to drive up to the Copper Ore Lodge.  The Sheriff made an appointment the next day for him to check out Jakes driving skills in his new Ford Expedition.  He told Jake that he trusts his Fathers judgement. It was just a formality to ease a parents mind. Then Jake asked the Sheriff if it was alright to tell the boys the good news.  The sheriff said I’ll put Charley on you can tell him, he’ll get the news around faster than a spinster at the backyard fence gossiping.
Charley picked up the extension when the Sheriff hollered phone call for Charley. “Charley here.”
“Charley, its Jake, I found a driver and car, the Sheriff approves of.” Jake told Charley”
“You did, who, what kind of car Jake?” Charley asked.
“Well Charley, it a new black Ford Expedition, large enough for an army to ride in.  As for the driver its me.”
“What you, I can’t believe, wait until I call the others, they will be jumping over the moon with the cow and the silver spoon.” Charley was ecstatic with glee.
“You do that Charley boy, I have to pick it up tomorrow at the dealership, I will drive it over to show everyone my Birthday gift from my parents.”
“Happy Birthday Jake.” Then hung up. Charley turned to the Sheriff, with that hopeful look in his eyes.
“No way am I buying a Ford Expedition for your 17th birthday. You be lucky to get a rusty old bucket to drive." The Sheriff passed by the boy rustling Charley’s hair. “You better call the others before Jake beats you too it.”
Charley, grabbed for his cell phone, dialed up Roy, who was upstairs in his room. Told Roy the good news, asked him to call Roger, and he would call Jimmy. Then remembered, your closer to Denny holler at him he should be in his room. Then hung up on Roy, then called Jimmy.
Now you would think Aunt Nellie would be the first to know, always in the loop of what goes on in the family. This time the Sheriff and Dr. Mom managed to surprise her.
***

The next morning the Sheriff checked out Jakes driving skills and found them satisfactory, “Jake get as many hours as you can driving the Expedition before the trip to Copper Ore Lodge on the 15th of July.  It is a powerful engine, and a big vehicle to maneuver.  Driving long distance Jake ca be a challenge for a young driver and the first lesson is not to over fatigue yourself behind the wheel. It is a 6 hours’ drive to Copper Ore Lodge.  Best to drive 2 hours, then a hours rest stop, second stop for lunch, then the last leg to the lodge. You have a navigation system on the Expedition, I will show you how to use it and program it to get you there.  Don’t rely on it they can be wrong when not updated to the most recent construction work, detours, and newer routes.  Just remember a compass is a good guide in knowing where you are going in this case true North or true South.  Any true East or true West directions could mean going in the wrong direction.  A Northwest or Northeast means you route is still in the general direction of your destination.  You will be traveling on Freeways all the way, so the signs will tell you where you are heading, what exits ahead.” The Sheriff explained.
“The on-board navigator can give you travel times based on your speed how long from point A to point B.  It should also tell you when you have veered off from the programed destination. The On-Star system will be your guide when in need of emergency help.  And Please, don’t get on Aunt Nellie’s bad side and refuse to ask for directions.  Women hate that in men, and don’t be afraid to ask the old girl for help either.  That’s even worse.  Jake you will learn eventually how to handle women. With kid gloves on a long stick.” The sheriff laughed. 
“I will remember that Sheriff.  Do we poke them first, then run as fast as we can?” Jake laughed.
“Jake you been hanging around the Twins to much”, Laughed the Sheriff.
“It’s been a pleasure Sheriff, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate their friendship and acceptance.” Jake admitted.
“Thank you, Jake, have you told the twins how you feel?”
“What and give them a Fat head.” Jake joked.
“Ouch, I walked in to that one, I didn’t I.” said the Sheriff.
Later that afternoon, Jake took the Twins, Denny, Jimmy, and Roger with Aunt Nellie for a drive out to Grandfathers Farm for a swim in the swimming hole in Rainbow stream.  Aunt Nellie visited with Grandfather Tom, while the boys swam. They spent a leisurely hour swimming and resting on the streams bank talking about their upcoming trip to Copper Lake. Later that afternoon Aunt Nellie told the Sheriff that she was comfortable with Jake driving them to Copper Lake.
***

The Sheriff that afternoon after his inspection of Jakes driving skills returned to the station to find another report of their mysterious thief. The Sheriff had finally pieced together a pattern to the theft of clothes, and food. He came to the conclusion that their thief was a homeless person hiding out in the woods around the area these thefts where happening in.  With his map he had a good ideal where the person was hiding out. With the last location, he started drawing lines from each location to the next, lines crossing each other until he had spot on the map where a common sector of crossing lines met and stood out to him. Equal distances from each reported location.  Drew around the center of those crosshairs, about a half mile area in any direction.  A small, wooded area smack in the center of that circle.  Somewhere in that woods he would find his suspect.  With two of his deputies on duty and a pulling a third off duty, recruiting 8 other men from the community with training in search and rescue. He planned tomorrow morning to search the area.  What he found surprised him.
The next day they took 12 cardinal points of the compass and started out from the circle and walked inward into the woods.  With each searcher no more than 400 feet apart from the start and narrowing that distance as they walked to the center of the woods. If they missed a campsite then a shift over 200 from the center they would walk outwards.  The woods where old wood, tall timber with most areas clear of scrub and undergrowth.  Any camper would stand out from a distance. He told the searchers to check any tall undergrowth where someone could be concealing a campsite.  He didn’t suspect anyone armed but did suspect someone with a child given the nature of the children clothing stolen. 
The campsite would well be set up over the last six months.  They made a pass through until they reached the center within sight of each other. Shifted cardinal points and walk outward.  In the second pass Deputy Martha Santino spotted a large overgrowth of scrub and a path leading into it. To wide a path for a rabbit trail.  She approached as quietly as possible until she could hear a radio playing music.  She retreated back down the trail. Checked her compass coordinates reported her findings. The 11 members converged on her within 100 ft. The Sheriff shifted over to the trail to meet with Deputy Santino. Taking the lead his four deputies approached the scrub.  While the remaining members held back as backup to stop anyone who managed to get past the deputies and the sheriff.  The sheriff withdrew his gun, safety on, just in case he missed judged his intuition. He called out.
“Hello, this is County Sheriff Capp, can I have a talk with you.” There was a startled cry, and someone rushed out of the scrub into the arms of the Sheriff.  It was boy of 11 to 12 years old. Deputy Santino motioned for the other deputies to enter the scrub.  They found no other person hiding in there.  There was a small pup tent, one child size folding chair, a small fire pit, several small coolers.  Some held food and water, other children clothes and blankets. A canvas wagon the folding type. The tent had a sleeping bag, winter boots, and books scatter around. On one cooler was a small radio you could crank to charge the batteries up with. No evidence an adult had ever been in the camp.  Most of the items found were listed on the list of stolen items.  Their Homeless person was a boy all alone in the woods.
He was struggling in the Sheriff arms, yelling please don’t hurt me. I’ll do whatever you say, don’t take me back to foster care. Then the boy started sobbing in the Sheriff’s arms. “Now boy, we are not here to hurt you or take you back to foster care.  I’m interested why you don’t want to go back to Foster care?”
The boy looked up to the Sheriff, “If I tell you, you won’t believe me, they never do.” The boy cried.
“Who doesn’t believe you boy?”
“The case worker.  She kept calling be a liar, that I fell and broke my arm. I was lying that my foster Mom broke it.”  The boy said.
“Did you lie boy? 
“No, Sheriff, my mother taught me to never lie.”
It’s not right I should keep calling you boy, you got a name son?” The Sheriff asked.
“It’s Ricky, Ricky Radameyer Sheriff.” 
“That’s a find name Ricky Radameyer, how old are you Ricky?”
“I’ll be 13 in August,” Ricky told the Sheriff.  
“I have twin boys who just turned 14 last month, Charley and Roy. You have any brothers and sisters Ricky?”
“No, Sheriff.” Ricky told the Sheriff
“You know Ricky, I didn’t have any brothers or sister growing up either. I wished I had though.” The sheriff told Ricky.
“I would like a brother to play with too.”
“Ricky, can you tell me where you lived before you came to the woods to live?”
“Before my Mother died, we were living in Ludington.”
The Sheriff looked up at Deputy Santino, nodded his head. She stepped aside and got on her cell phone and called in to the station.  
“How did you get all the way down here Ricky?” the sheriff asked.
“I hid on a truck carrying Christmas tree’s it finally stopped in a town near here, it had Two rivers in it.”
“I know that town Ricky.  It is where I live with my family. It’s a fine town to live in.  Would you like to see it again Ricky?” the sheriff asked.
“I would sheriff.”
“Let me tell you Ricky my wife the twins mother is a Pediatrician, they call her Dr. Mom. You know what a Pediatrician is Ricky?” 
“Yes, she a doctor who see children.” Sheriff.
“Thats right Ricky.  I would like to take you to see Dr. Mom and have her look at you to make sure you’re okay.  It’s looks like you have been out here in the woods for long time.  After she sees you, she will make sure you get a good meal and some rest in a real bed.  Would you like that Ricky?”
Ricky fell into the Sheriff’s arms crying, “Yes I would Sheriff.”
The Sheriff led Ricky out of the woods.  After he settled Ricky down in the back seat of his squad car, he took a phone call on his cell phone.  It was a call from the station. Undersheriff Jeff Hanson reported that last week a missing child report was issued from the Mason County Children’s Protective services of one Ricky Radameyer, 12 ½ in age, missing from a Ludington Foster Care. The foster parents reported him missing 7 days ago.” The Sheriff swore.  “You get on the horn with Mason County Children’s protective services and confirm the child has been found, and make it very clear to them the child reports running away from his Foster parents six months ago. Then inform the Mason county Sheriff Paul Dutton, they need to investigate the Foster parents claim this child ran away 7 days ago.  I am taking the boy to the clinic and having him put under Dr. Capp’s protective care. Something stinks in Demark here.
He turned to Deputy Santino, “dismiss the volunteers and make sure they do not discuss this matter until I say so.  Then get the other deputies to gather up the camp gear and tag it as evidence. We will see what we can return to the original owners.  I will be at the clinic, you can find me there.” He got in the squad car, finding Ricky sound asleep. Turning the flashers on only, he raced to the clinic. On the way he called the clinic to expect him with an endangered child age 13 exposure to the elements and to alert Dr. Capp, ETA 20 minutes.  Dr. Capp called him on the radio, for details and vitals. Vitas not critical, Boy runaway from Foster care, suspect physical abuse and neglect, boy reports broken arm while in foster care, missing 6 months, leaving in the Mitchell woods alone since then surviving on stolen food, clothes, camping gear. Underweight, aware of his surroundings, day of the month. Foster care not reporting boy missing to Mason County Children Protective Services until last week, Boy confirms he ran away six months ago. ETA 15 minutes. Boy sleeping. I have informed the Mason County Sheriff of the details and informed them the boy is in the County Sheriff’s Protective custody at the clinic.” Out. The Sheriff shaved off 3 minutes.
*****
Later that evening Dr. Mom arrived home.  It was obvious she was on fire with anger, and frustration. She reported to her husband and Aunt Nellie her findings.  “X rays show a badly healed broken bone in the left arm above the wrist half way up to the elbow. Cat scans show a hair line fracture in the skull barely a year old. Two ribs on the left show similar fractures about the same age. Malnutrition can be contributed to his current situation but does not explain his blood labs showing long term deprivation of a proper diet. I had Sally Rubin our MSW Clinician interview him.  His mother a single parent died 3 years ago. Father unknown.  He has been in the same Foster care home ever since.  At first Ricky tells Sally it was okay, then his Foster Mom started beating him for being too slow in doing his chores. It would appear they were using Ricky for child labor.  Then the mother was punishing him often by locking him up in a time out closet.  After that, she would in a fit of anger push him down a flight of stairs into the basement locking the door behind him.  I suspect that was when he got the hair line skull fracture and the fractures on his ribs.  During the case worker visits, Ricky was too afraid to report the abuse. Eight months ago, the foster mother, in another rage after he dropped a dish and broke it, she slapped his lower arm against the counter, breaking his arm. By chance that day the case worker came by and saw the boy was hurt.  Asked the boy how he hurt his arm, and with the foster mother present, he told the case worker he tripped over a toy in his room and fell.  Later at the ER, after a cast was put on his arm.  Ricky without his foster mother present tried to tell the case worker what really happened. The case worker didn’t believe him, told him he just fell and broke his arm.”
“Well, a month later the Foster mother cut the cast off his arm, because he couldn’t do the dishes, and she was tired of doing the dishes.  That was when he found the courage to run away.  One night when taking the Garbage bin out to the curb, wearing his winter coat and boots, and dressed in two layers of jeans and shirts, he hid out in it until dark fell. The foster Mother and her husband went looking for him but never once looked in the bin.  Sometime late in the night, he crawled out and left.  Eventually hiding out in a truck full of Christmas trees. that’s when he eventually made it down here all the way from Ludington hidden in that truck.  He crawled out to find himself in Grand Apply Valley Junction at the time we were in the middle of our Winter Festival.  He hid out in the outskirts of town, breaking in to homes at night for food.  When he had a sleeping bag and supplies gathered, he left town and headed outward into the countryside away from populated areas. He spend most of the cold winter months in barns, then moving on as the weather warmed into Mitchell woods were you found him.  I will say this, Ricky is one resilient and determine boy to survive that long alone in the woods.” Dr. Mom told the Sheriff, and Aunt Nellie.
Just then Charley came down from his room with Roy and Denny behind him.  “Who’s Ricky Dr. Mom?” Asked Charley.
 The Sheriff told the boys, “Ricky is boy around your age, a runaway who I found in Mitchell woods. He had been hiding out there for several months.  He left a foster care home where he had been physically abused.  He is now at the clinic under Dr. Moms care. I can’t tell you much more then that boys. It’s an ongoing investigation, sorry.”
“We understand Sheriff” Charley said. “He won’t end up in Juvey will he, like Tommy Lee?”
“No. Charley,” Dr. Mom cried out.  “I want you boys to understand this, Tommy Lee, yes was abused for 7 long years. Not every boy can come out of that kind of abuse without some emotional damage. Some like Tommy Lee just can’t manage to raise up above that abuse and snap.  Tommy Lee’s father is in prison now for that abuse.  Tommy Lee is still in a psychiatric ward being treated with therapy and medication.  One day it is the doctors hope that he can be released and lead as much of a normal life as he can. The charges against him for attacking that store owner have been dropped. The charges against the guard at Juvey as you put it, have also been dismissed. As for taking Jake hostage and the way he was treated, in lieu of further incarceration for Tommy Lee. He has been ordered under psychiatric confinement until doctors consider him fit to leave. That could be a year, two years, sadly some never leave.  The mind is a complexed organ and some just can’t handle the kind of abuse Tommy Lee received.  Jake is an example of his resilience and determination to rise above his abuse by Tommy Lee.  Ricky has those same qualities, like Jake he needs another chance to prove that he can. I will find him a good and loving home to make sure he gets that chance.  He is young enough to do just that.” Dr. Mom told the boys.
 “With you in his corner Dr. Mom, Ricky will be a lucky boy.” Said Roy.
Denny added, “I just don’t understand why in this day and age, children have to deal with such nightmares in this world?”
Aunt Nellie turned to Denny, “Denny, society from the dawn of age have dealt with such nightmares. Though I believe that in today’s society we have a better understanding of those nightmares and help such children and adults cope. There was time in society our consciousness and compassion was flawed, we looked the other way.  With many like Dr. Mom we have stopped looking away and looking the problem right in the face and doing something about it.  No. longer do we ignore the cause and effect of the problems of child abuse.  Many of those who abuse children are often in their own childhood victims of abuse.  They can’t help being abusers themself. The law looks at  the many sides of the story these days.  Unlike, Tommy Lee’s father it wasn’t that he was abused as a child, but rather his addiction to drink.  Not an excuse but a cause that could have been prevent by his choice to get help.  He didn’t choose that, therefore he pays the price for refusing to get that help.  Tommy Lee had no choice as a child, fear prevented him from seeking that help.  Ricky as I understand went seeking help, yes also driven by fear which led him to find the courage to put behind him the nightmare.  Sometimes that courage can be a hard road to travel. Thats where his resilience and determination gave him the strength to survive all those months in the woods alone. Providence let the sheriff to find him and that same Providence gave Ricky the courage to trust a man in a police uniform with a gun drawn, to seek the help he needed.” Aunt Nellie explained to Denny.
***

The Sheriff had to make a tough decision about Ricky Radameyer. Mason County Sheriff had opened up an investigation on Ricky’s foster parents. Given the medical records available to them from the Ludington hospital ER about the boys broken arm, and Dr. Mom’s medical report of previous injuries caused by his Foster parents abuse of Ricky. The foster parents where arrest for filing a false report with local authorities lying about when the boy ran away. Also, arrested for suspected child endangerment and abuse, for receiving County money during the six months the boy wasn’t in their care. Their attorney recommended that they plead no contest given the Three strikes against them. They are facing a decade or more in prison.   The case worker was suspended until an investigation of her conduct in the matter was finished. She was also facing possible charges for lying about the boys care to her supervisor.  The sheriff had to decide what to do next, turn the boy back over to the Mason County Welfare department or find placement here in his county’s foster care program. Dr. Mom wasn’t for any foster care back in Mason County, the boy wouldn’t and couldn’t trust the system that let him done.
In the last three days Ricky has been a guest at the Capps and a welcomed friend of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. Everyone had gotten attached to Ricky he was a bright lad, and likeable.  He started fitting in with the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, spending time at the boat house and enjoying comradery of the Twins, and Denny.  Even Jimmy was attracted to Ricky’s charms.  Had the boy over to the Inn to meet his mother, Grandfather, and sister Terri.  Mrs. Walker took a shine to the boy, who was interested in the Inn asking all kinds of questions about the Inn history, and how to run an Inn.  Even pinched in to help Jimmy with his chores around the Inn.  When Mrs. Walker learned that the Capps had to make a difficult choice in sending him back to Mason County. She made a decision of her own before the Capps made theirs. She approached the Sheriff in his office at the station and came right out with it.  “I want to foster Ricky Radameyer sheriff, I don’t think that boy needs to be someplace else.  Jimmy, your twins, Denny, Roger, and Jake have grown attached to Ricky the short time he has been in our lives. I want the boy with me, I know want I am asking for Sheriff, taking on another responsibility, heck with 5 other boys in and out of my Inn, plus Jimmy wants one more, a full house I say.”
“Marie I wouldn’t talk you out of it.  I think it would be a great idea.  Sersha and I talked about fostering the boy ourselves.  But I have to be honest, with my work schedule and Sersha’ s hours at the clinic, it would be an added burden on Aunt Nellie.  Oh, she would welcome the boy, and dozen more. Her heart would be in, but it is her Heart I am concerned about. We are trying to get her to do less, not more. Also, you have the room for the boy, and it would do Jimmy good to have a brother around.” The Sheriff told Marie.
“Then its settled Andrew. What do I have to do to make it so?” Marie asked.
“Well first we need to talked to our County’s Children’s Protective service get them on board.  Which shouldn’t be a problem with Dr. Capp and the country Sheriffs recommendations and reference. They should have no problem with you taking the boy on a temporary basis while they check out your background, finances, and standing in the community.  Which on those three counts you are a shoe in for Mother of the year.  Of course, the environment of the inn, where his room would be, educational opportunities and access to schools.  Most importantly what Ricky thinks of it.  If need be, we can get the Lakes to pull some muscles as well. Consider it done, Marie.  Given the mistakes in Mason County I don’t think they want to drag their feet with bureaucratic delays.  As a Lawyer I can ask them to expedite an emergency 60-day foster care temporary license until the application is approved in your favor Marie”.
“Do that Sheriff it will make Sersha happy, and you would not have to deal with one of her drawn out campaigns to have the community march on the County seat protesting child abuse by the county welfare department.  Though that might not be a bad idea if we need it.” Marie said.
“Let’s hope we don’t have to go down that route Marie.  Just one more thing, I was going to announce this to boy later tonight. I have convinced those he stole from not to file charges against him. They all agree the circumstance around his reason for doing so wouldn’t be right to have the boy face charges.  Also, I told them that it would be a public trial in family court, where public opinion might backfire on them.” The Sheriff said.
“Remind me not to face you in court, I would lose hands done. Your good at what you do.”
“That I am Marie, why don’t you bring Jimmy over for dinner tonight and we can tell Ricky the good news, and you can ask him what he thinks about coming to stay at the Inn and fostering him.”
“I will sheriff, I’ll ask Terri to cover for me. She can have Susy over to keep her company. Until later Sheriff.” Marie Walker left the Sheriff station with a lighter step in her walk.
When Mrs. Walker got back to the Inn, she had Terri call Susy and help her cover the desk, and why.  Terri was happy for her mother and highly approved having another brother underfoot.  Mrs. Walker then went to the Inn’s Library where Jimmy was researching the Upper Peninsula history. “Jimmy can I interrupt your reading for a moment.”
“Yes, Mother, what’s up.” Jimmy asked.
“We two have been invited to the Capps for Dinner that’s what’s up. The sheriff has news for Ricky that all the charges against him have been dropped.” His mother told him.
“That’s great news Mother.”
“Yes, it is, just don’t share it yet with Ricky or the twins, okay.  Another thing I need to discuss with you Jimmy. What do you think of Ricky, do you like him?” she asked.
“Yes, I do Mother, he is a bright kid, friendly to get along with fits in well with the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  He tolerates the Twins constant joking around, you know the straight guy and comic relief bit of theirs. I enjoy his company, and he was a great help around the Inn yesterday. Eager to learn the routine around the Inn. Why Mother?” Jimmy asked.
“I paid the Sheriff today a visit and asked him If I could be Ricky’s Foster Mother.”
Caught off guard for a moment Jimmy sat there, then rose and gave his Mother a big Hug. “Thank you, Mother, am I really going to have a brother.”
“Yes, Jimmy, Terri even agrees. The Sheriff agrees, now we need to get Ricky to agree. If he does there will be some formalities to work out with the County Protective Services, foster care application and final approval of the family court.  But the Sheriff convinced me that there won’t be any problems with that given his and Dr. Capps recommendations and references. Meanwhile Ricky can stay here on a probational period until all that paper work is done.  The Sheriff is even going to put on his Lawyer hat and expedite matters for an emergency 60-day temporary foster care license.”
“I can’t wait to tell Roger, Mother”
“Not yet Jimmy, we need to ask Ricky first.” She said.
“Oh, come on Mother, I know that boy, like he was my brother, he will say yes.”
***

Ricky said yes, without hesitation or reservation. He started crying.  Marie Walker asked him what’s wrong Ricky. “I have found a real home finally, a brother and sister. New friends and a Mother I can love with all my heart.”
Marie started crying, then Jimmy, the twins, Denny, Aunt Nellie, even the Sheriff had a tear or two in his eyes.  It was remarkable how in just 4 days how a boy could enter into your life, and make a grown man cry as tough as the Sheriff was.
Ricky, wiping his tears away, asked the Sheriff. “When can I go to the Walkers Inn Sheriff?”
“Well let’s see, as soon as, you can gather those clothes Charley passed on to you, how about now Ricky.” Ricky made a mad dash up the stairs to Charley’s room where he was bunking with Charley. Grabbed the overnight bag Roy gave him. Raced down the stairs where Jimmy and his new Mother were waiting. On the drive back to the Inn, Jimmy told Ricky he will be sharing his room with him, he had twin beds there. Later they would pull out an extra dresser from the storage room for his clothes.  Make room in the closet for those items he needed to hang up. The rest we will deal with later. When they entered the Inn, Terri, Susy, and Roger shouted welcome Ricky. They had a banner painted up with a broad sharpie, in bold print, it said.
“Welcome Brother, love Terri and Jimmy.” Now that was a home coming to remember.


Chapter 5
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is Seven
A Lucky Number

The next night the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club initiates the newest Member, Ricky Radameyer at an overnight at the boat house.  Jimmy making it official he is a part of the family. Ricky is introduced to the one main rule of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club by Jimmy.  “Don’t hide your emotions. The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is about Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  A member can trust a Friends discretion and be there for a friend when in need.”
Jimmy shared with Ricky what that meant, by sharing past experiences they had last summer.  He told Ricky, of Denny’s kidnapping by a ruthless man working for a Crime boss in New York city. He didn’t share the fact that this man and his partner where involved in the murder of Denny’s mother, nor the reason why his Father was on the run from the crime boss, that was Denny’s story to tell if he wished. Jimmy spoke how friends pulled together to find Denny and how Roger’s loyalty to Denny gave him the courage to rescue Denny. Then related to Ricky the night they rescued Jake from his captor.  
Jake told Ricky how his despair nearly brought him to take his own life when facing what he thought at the time he couldn’t escape the cruelty of his captor’s abuse.  How Jimmy and Roger pulled him from the stream when he passed out from his illness.  How Charley’s skills in first aid brought him back from the brink of death.  How Roger’s plan and the boys courage captured his captor against all odds they might succeed.  Then Jake talked about when a year later, he faced the place he had been held against his will and exorcised his Ghost.  How the boys stood my him and encourage him to let go his fear and move on.  Jake told Ricky that he was once the school bully terrorizing the younger kids at school, even Roger when he was a new kid at school, the twins, and the awful things he said about Denny’s Autism. After how the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, despite him being a bully still saved his life and became number Six in the group.
Ricky learned that when he was ready if he so chooses, he could share his past, how he became a foster kid, and the abuse he endured.  A time might come like Jake, to exorcise his Ghost and when that time came, the boys would be there for him.  That was what Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty, was about.  Most important was never to judge a book by its cover. An open mind is important in life growing up.  Respect meant that we Respect each other’s privacy when one says, “I can’t share this, we don’t pry.  Honesty is about emotions, never to be afraid to tell a friend they are behaving badly, or how they feel about each other. One respects privacy when something is shared on a one to one between them. They told Ricky about the treasure hunt, and the Geode they found. About Jimmy’s father being treed by bear as a young teen, the leader of the original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  They named the members of the original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and their relationship to each member now.  
They told Ricky of the newest tradition celebrating their collective birthdays together and the promise they would do so as long as any member was still alive. Ricky would now be a part of that tradition. Then they told Ricky, what Grandfather Tom taught them about the “Rite of passage.” How that meant it was a journey every boy and girl goes through to reach adulthood.  From birth to puberty, to marriage and death. How in that journey we must face the challenges of our birth, like Denny’s Autism?  When we reach the age of puberty when our bodies change and our voice cracks. When we marry, and when death ends that journey.  Jimmy told Ricky that when his Father died when he was a small boy, he couldn’t understand why his father died. Since then, he has learned that Death was an ending for his Fathers journey in life, but a beginning for his. It is a full circle it never ends. Birth to puberty, to marriage and death, then back to birth to puberty, to marriage and death.
They shared how they are looking forward to new summer adventures and a time will come when each member will separate to take their own adventures in life, like college, a job, marriage, starting their own family.  It is each members hope that those adventures will lead them back home as often as it can to share the journey of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club in life. Charley said that a year from now, or two the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club will be eight, nine or more members. Thats where having an open mind will lead us to new adventures with new friends, in Trust and Loyalty, Respect, and Honesty, through thick and thin.
Denny added, “you will learn about our quirks, and how we are not afraid to cry when there is a great sadness in the group. We have even been known to cry in joy, and laugh when Roy, forgets to stick it back in when he zips up his zipper after a wiz, then cries Ouch, then he pretends he got his finger stuck in his fly.”
“Hey, I can’t help it when its hangs like that.” Roy shouted.”
“You see Ricky, in the privacy of our boat house or our rooms, we can be funny about our quicks, we can be ourselves without fear of being shamed for being ourselves.  But in public we are saints with yes, tarnished Halo’s tilted over our heads.  Don’t get us wrong we are not vulgar, nor swear cuss words.  Nor do we talk dirty and swear Gods name in vain. As tempted as we might me.  As the Sheriff will say, “boys will be boys”. “We are not ashamed of our bodies either, we have been known on occasion to skinny dip in the river at night or in the Rainbow stream at Jimmy’s woods camping. As a new member, if you are uncomfortable with skinning dipping with us, we will respect your feelings and as a group not skinny dip.  We have agreed as a group to be open minded about those who are gay in our community or openly gay at school.  We except among us that maybe one of us could be gay, one never knows. It is understood that it is a private thing between them and who ever there partner may be. If that be so, does not mean we must reject them.  To do so, would not be what Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty is about.  Above all else, we should be true to each other regardless of what providence or fate may bring us in life. If any one of else has a problem dealing with smoking Pot, drinking or drugs, it is our hope that they can share with us the problem so as friends we can help deal with it, and help overcome any addiction they have with moral support.” Roger told Ricky.
“That may not be what you would call putting everything in a nut shell, But I believe it covers much of who we are. Brothers by Blood, and brothers by Love, and brothers in that life’s journey of birth, puberty, marriage, and death.” Jimmy told Ricky.
Charley stood up and shouted. “One for all, and all for one, we are the Seven Musketeers.”
Roy threw a couch pillow at Charley, “We really got to teach the moron that one plus one, does not equal Seven” Charley threw the Pillow back at Roy. Then several more pillows went flying through the air.  The boat house shook with laughter.  Ricky in the middle of the fight, with several pillows in his hand lobbing them right back. 
The next day as the proverbial saying would say “The Manure hit the Fan.” From out of nowhere, in front of the Inn that morning, Marie Walker found a group of angry townsfolks on the street shouting “Why do you have a colored boy living with you?” Needless to say, Marie Walker was shocked. Walked back in into the Inn slamming the door behind her and locked.  She called the Sheriff.
“Sheriff, I have an angry mob outside of the Inn shouting “Why do I have a colored boy living with me, what am I to do?”
“Marie, do nothing, stay in the Inn. I’m calling the Mayor and coming right down to the Inn. Lock your door. I want you to call the house and tell Aunt Nellie to keep the boys there in the boat house. Don’t have her tell the boys why.” The Sheriff ordered Marie.
He dialed the Mayor, “George, do you know what is going on at the Walker Inn right this morning.”
Mayor Nestle informed the Sheriff, “Just got wind of it from Bill Trench sounds like we have a problem here Sheriff.”
“Oh, we have a problem here Mayor and I plan to nip it in the bud. I told Marie to lock the door, and I will be right down.  Call Mr. Lakes for me and have him meet me there. Meet me there Mayor.” The Sheriff asked.
“Now wait right here, Sheriff, I don’t know if I want to get in the middle of this.”
“Want do your mean George?” The Sheriff demanded.
“What I mean Sheriff is that maybe you should have thought before you allowed Marie to foster that boy.”
“Mayor George Nestle I never figured you for a Racist”.
“It is not that Sheriff, some of the town Folks called me last night concerned about the communities safety having this wild child in the community. After all he was living in the woods for 6 months like an animal.” Snapped back.
“Mayor, he is not a wild children that as gone feral like some stray cat. He’s a 13-year-old boy who ran away from abusive Foster parents. Not some lost infant raised by wolfs in a jungle. He can read, write, and does very well at math. Better than some people I know Mayor, who better watch his step or next election he can deal with voters over his racist views.”
“Now Sheriff you have no right to threaten me.  You will be up for re-election yourself soon and I don’t think you have the right to challenge me on my racist views. You let that colored boy come into this community without given one thought to want I or others might say and object too.”
“I can’t believe you just said that Mayor.  I could back up my threat with an investigation into your office and find reason to have you charged with violation of Ricky Radameyer’ s civil rights as well as, spreading hate speech and inciting a riot with that hate speech.  You yourself just said “you have no right to challenge me on my racist views.  You let that colored boy come into this community without given one thought to want I or others might say and object too.”
“Sheriff, I will deny that you have no proof I ever said that.”
“Mayor, every phone call in or out from of this station is recorded for official records.  All I need to do is release those recordings to the State Attorney General.  Mayor that is not a threat, it is my official obligation to file a formal complaint with the State Attorney General, consider it done.” The Sheriff hung up on the Major. Before leaving his office, he order the Undersheriff to be on standby, to call all off duty deputies to report to him at the Walker Inn.  Explained the situation and took off to the Inn.  When he arrived, there was crowd of 30 or more town folks in front of the Inn, a few where carrying hastily made signs saying”, 
“We don’t want this savage boy living in our Town”, one sign even said.  “The Mayor says this colored boy must go.”
The Sheriff couldn’t believe his eyes and what he was hearing.  Then he spotted a familiar face in the crowd someone who was a known agitator at events like this. Arrested several time by authorities for agitating crowds into hysteria with false accusations and conspiracy theories. He stood on a wooden box in the middle of the crowd encouraging the town folks to break the door down and drag the boy out.  He turned on his siren and flashing lights, slowly drove through the crowd to disperse them. Getting out of the squad car, he addressed the crowd.
“What is this I hear you want to break the door down, drag a 13-year-old boy out as if he is some vicious animal to be put down.  Shame on you, and you Doug Taylor standing on that soapbox.  I know who you are. Folks do you know he is a professional agitator, from out of state, arrested several times for inciting a riot with his false conspiracy theories, and claiming he is a local when he is not.  He is a card carry White Supremist with ties to the KKK.  He’s got you riled up over nothing but lies. And the mayor just admitted to me he is a racist and this colored boy isn’t welcomed in this town.  I know this is a white community and has been for more than a 180 years.  This isn’t the South nor is this the era of slavery either.  This boy ran away from his foster parents who abused him, pushed him down stairs cracked his skull. Broke his arm because he broke a dish doing dishes.  He’s an orphan in need of a caring and loving home.  Marie Walker offered her Inn as a new home for him.”
“You, Danny Potter, you boy plays football for Apple Valley Senior High school.  Three of the rival teams he plays against have colored players on their team, I don’t see you protesting that.  And you Maureen Skiller, isn’t your brother married to women of color down in Nashville, Tennessee. You have a nephew and a niece of mixed blood.  Why don’t you all run Maureen  out town why you are at it.  Barry Barker, yes you Barry, trying to slink off, didn’t you tell me one night in a drunk stupor in my holding cell, that your Great Grandmother was a daughter of a Black slave. None of you have the right to toss the first stone here. Neither of you are free of Sin.” The Sheriff reached his limit. “Why don’t I just get my gun out and start shouting you in the streets for rioting.  Hating a boy because of the color of his skin and threatening him is a Federal Hate Crime, you all could face 10-to 20 years in a federal prison.  Is that what you want!” shouted The Sheriff.
Deputy Santino walked into the crowd just then, dressed in full riot gear, with a tear gas launcher in her arms. Behind her was two off duty deputies in the same gear. Santino, Doug Taylor is standing over there on his soap Box, he is wanted by several state authorities inciting riots, and under suspicion of Arson, which caused an innocent Death I want him in custody. There he goes, catch him before he slips away in this rabble of fools. As for you fools, go home before I arrest you all, you will lose your homes and your lifestyle sitting in prison.” Someone in the back of the crowd yelled.
“You can’t threaten us with taking away our homes.  We have rights too.”
An angry voice from behind the Sheriff spoke up.  “Is that you Junior Hill?  If you recall I am your landlord, and under State Law I have the right to evict you for being arrested for a felony.  I see many of you in the crowd are my residential tenants, and some of you are my commercial tenants. I can cancel those commercial leases for the same reason.  Don’t give me a reason to do it Junior Hill or any of you. Because I will.  Do as the Sheriff orders or go home and pack your bags.  It’s your choice.” Mr. Lake shouted at them.  One by one, they left, many with signs throwing them to the ground.
The Sheriff and Mr. Lake walked up the steps to the front door of the inn. They could see Marie Walker looking out from the window in the Front Door of the Inn. She unlocked the doors, and came out, in her hand was one of Jimmy’s baseball Bats.
“Sheriff, Mr. Lake, I am so glad you got that crowd to leave. I don’t know what I would have done if they tried to break through that door. I know so many of them, I just can’t understand it. Where’s the Mayor, shouldn’t he be here too.” Asked Marie Walker.
“The Mayor is behind this Mob Marie, it was him who got them riled up about Ricky.  I am sorry to say, he admits he is a racist and thinks I should have got his permission to bring that colored boy into his town.” The sheriff told Marie. 
Marie Walker started to head to City Hall, swinging Jimmy’s Bat around. “I’ll give that Mayor my permission to leave this town at the end of this bat up his sorry ass.  How dare he tell you Sheriff, you needed his permission to give me that boy to foster.” Marie Walker walked away toward city hall.
Mr. Lake turned to the Sheriff.  “Shouldn’t we stop her Sheriff.”
“You ever tackle an angry she bear defending her cub.” The Sheriff asked Mr. Lake.
“No, I don’t think I ever have, but she might just ram the bat up his sorry ass Sheriff.”
“I will call it justifiable impalement, not guilty by reason of aggravated assault.” The sheriff pleaded in her defense. “Come on we might as well tackle that she bear before she hurts that sorry ass. Though I am thinking of stopping at Don’s Drugstore for a coffee first. Think we have time Mr. Lake?” Asked the Sheriff.
“Make mine a decaf and we will take the time Sheriff.” The Two strolled off toward Don’s Drugs store.
“By the way Mr. Lake, did the Major call you has I asked him too.” The sheriff asked.
“No, I was in town, when I heard your siren Sheriff, thought I walk by and see what all the commotion was.”
“Not only is the Mayor a sorry ass, but he is also a coward to.” Both men laughed.
***

That Evening the Sheriff had Mrs. Walker, Jimmy, Ricky, Jake, and Roger over for a meeting about the morning events at the Walker Inn.  He first addressed Ricky as he was the subject of that ruckus in town.  “Ricky, I am sure I don’t have to tell you what you already know.  You were born with a skin color that for centuries have been persecuted, enslaved, freed, and still persecuted all because you have darker skin then White folk.  One would think that in this day and age, we have progressed beyond that prejudice and racist attitude left over from the era of slavery.  We haven’t, and honestly I don’t know if we ever will as long as, we have people like Mayor George Nestle in this world, and agitators like Doug Taylor whose only purpose is to keep alive an era that needs to be wiped from our history books and erased from our memories.  Sadly, that is not going to happen until people learn that black, dark, yellow, or tan skin color isn’t a mark of inferiority in men, women, and child. Inferiority comes from weak minds who think alike that white skin is the better race on this earth. That attitude comes from as far back as our biblical history.  Given that is some 7000 plus years ago. It’s not going to go away in my life time without some serious social reform even then there will always be hold outs who will steer up trouble for people of color.”
“I want you to understand Ricky that it’s not a personal attack just on you. It’s happening to all people of color in all walks of life. I am happy to say that the City council this afternoon heard a recorded conversation between me and Mayor Nestle.  Though the Mayor initially before that tried to deny he is a racist or encouraged those town folks who were weak minded to attack the Walker Inn this morning.  Doug Tayler the professional agitator is under arrest confessed that the Mayor had called him yesterday morning upon learning of your fostering with the Walkers.  Together they planned the whole event by inciting those weak-minded town folk.  City council asked for Mayor Nestle resignation effective at once.  We now need a new Mayor.” The Sheriff explained.
Denny spoke up, “Does that mean as life time Honorary Mayor, I am the Mayor Sheriff.”
“Sorry to disappoint you Denny, but no.  It is an elected position by the voters and the charter clearly say’s, you have to be 18 years of age or older.  Though officially you are still an Honorary Mayor, you can sit in place of the Mayor at special functions if the Mayor is not able to attend. The city council has decided to hold a special election by November of this year, as the Mayor’s term was not to end until November of next year.  Meanwhile, an interim mayor will be appointed to a council member until then. As for the Major inciting a riot based on racist hate, he will find it difficult to avoid a Federal hate crime arrest.  Though he threaten Mrs. Walker of attacking him with ball Bat in his office I don’t think he has much of a chance finding a judge to issue a warrant for her arrest. He claims Mrs. Walker was going to shove that bat up his sorry ass.” The Sheriff told them.
“Way to go Mom,” Cheered Jimmy.
“Now Jimmy I don’t condone, violence, but that man got my goat when I learned he was behind that crowd threatening to bust my doors down and drag Ricky out. What is a mother to do but take a bat and stick it up the Mayor’s fat butt? I would have if not for Andrew, and Mr. Lake stopping me.  If truth be known, I did everything I could to not do it, waiting for them two to show. Instead, they take a coffee break and leave me to risk impaling the Mayors butt with your best bat Jimmy.” Mrs. Walker told her son. She turned to Ricky, “Ricky I know you have just come into our families life. I just want you to know I will fight a thousand assholes like Mayor Nestle to protect you just as much as I would the children I birthed.” Mrs. Walker told Ricky.
“Three cheers for Mrs. Walker” shouted the twins. All around the room Mrs. Walker was given Three cheers.
“Now that the cheers are done for our “Mother of the Year”, I want Ricky to understand, that Grand Apple Valley Junction will take time getting used to the idea of suddenly finding themselves a bi-racial community. Some will balk and gripe, but Mr. Lake and I will do our best to put the thumb screws on them until they come to their senses.  Until then Ricky you will face at times some conflict in this community.  But I don’t think it will be as mad as it was this morning.  Know this Ricky don’t give them any reason to judge you unfairly.  Lead by example of those peers around you, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club as it is now, and those adults who have faith in you that you will rise above the weak minded and show them the color of your skin doesn’t mark you lessor then them. Do that and you will go a long way in life as an outstanding man.”
“To change the subject, I do believe that in a few days, Aunt Nellie, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club are due to leave for another grand adventure this summer.  I only hope that it isn’t as perilous as last summer’s grand adventure was. If it is, you will be on your own.” The Sheriff warned them.
“Really Andrew, did you really have to tell them that.” Dr. Mom complained.  “Now I won’t sleep a wink until they get back.  I shall forbid the twins from going Andrew, it’s bad enough Aunt Nellie can’t be trusted what with her Wild and Woolley ways, you have to encourage them as well.” Dr. Mom admonished the Sheriff.
The twins jumped up, “But Dr. Mom, you can’t make us stay home now. Jimmy, Roger, Denny and Jake are depending on us to save them from Aunt Nellies Wild and Woolley ways.” The twins cried.
“Thanks Twins. That really hurts and old girls feelings you know.” Aunt Nellie said.
Roy cried out, “Sorry Aunt Nellie, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”
As if on cue, Dr. Mom and Aunt Nellie broke into hilarious laughter.
Charley stood there wondering what was so funny. Then realized the Twins where being punked.
“Dr. Mom your where punking us all along by not letting us go to Copper Ore Lodge. How dare you tease us, it’s unfair and cruel”, Charley accused his Mother.
Charley, I think you said enough.” The Sheriff rebuked Charley.
Then Charley and Roy broke into laughter and said to their Mother. “the Punker has been punked by the king of punkers.” Then darted out of the room as Dr. Mom got out of her chair.
“Why you punks, wait until I catch you, you’re not too old for a whipping boys.” She ran after her twin sons.
Everyone in the room broke down in laughter. 
Ricky turned to Jake but before Ricky could say anything Jake read his mind. “Ricky get used to it. I did.”


Chapter 6
“The way to Copper Ore Lodge”


The day has finally arrived. With a new trailer hitch put on Jakes Expedition, a small luggage  pod was hitched to the Expedition carrying the luggage of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and Aunt Nellie.  Jake and Aunt Nellie in the Front seats, Aunt Nellie not a large women, was stoat in body, long legged.  The front seats were leather-trimmed heated and ventilated Multicontour captain’s chairs with Action Motion technology designed to reduce fatigue during long hours.  Denny, the Twins, and Ricky in the second-row seat, a custom refitted installed standard second row seating for 4.  Jimmy and Roger in the 3rd row seats a standard power fold, power folding reclining seat in the back for 2.  With room to spare in the back of the 3rd row for an ice chest full of drinks, and a basket full of snacks.  The Ford Expedition was a very rooming SUV for the young teens their size, and for Jake the oldest teen, the driver, and Aunt Nellie the only mature adult. The six in back agreed to trade off positions during the long trip.  Jake had command of the Voice-activated touchscreen Navigation system with SiriusXM Traffic and Travel link. There was a SiriusXm Radio, FordPass connect, enhanced voice recognition communications and entertainment system. The latest in sound systems, Multimedia USB ports and charging ports from the front to the 3rd row seat. Everything a gadget nerd like Denny needed. There was a panoramic Vista Roof that made the Expedition feel like riding in an open carriage.
With as little fanfare as possible, saying their goodbyes last night to family.  They left at 9 a.m. for the 6- 8 hour planned journey.  As the Sheriff had recommended, Jake made sure to take breaks on the road every Two hours on and at least one hour off.  The Sheriff had programed the Navigator with points of interest for the boys to see during one or two of those hours off, alerting Jake when he was reaching one of the points for his break.  Mostly it was rest stops on the freeways or stops at major truck stops for a meal  and refueling.  Everyone had plenty of time to stretch their legs, bathroom breaks, and see interesting tourist traps. On the road Aunt Nellie would came up with a Wild and Woolley adventure yet to be told.  There where impromptu road games spotting the first Bug BW they saw, or naming games. Denny had his tablet with him as well has the twins, Jimmy, and Roger.  They took turns sharing a tablet with Ricky teaching him how to use it, and access apps. After a lunch stop, they were an hour away from the Mackinaw Bridge. 
Aunt Nellie sprung a surprise on them.  How would the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club like to visit Mackinac Island, an historical recreational retreat for an overnight stay in the world-famous Grand Hotel where she once met Christopher Reeves when she was last there at the Grand Hotel. He was starring in the moving Somewhere in Time, filmed on the Island in 1980. The boys were all for it.
“That’s good boys, because I have already made reservations at the Grand Hotel two months ago, when Denny and I were planning this trip for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club to go.  It was no trouble in getting the hotel to add roll away bed for Ricky where I planned for Jimmy and Roger to stay. The twins and will be together in their room next to Jakes and Denny’s room, on the other side of Jimmy and Rogers room.  I will be in my usual suite where I always stay when on the Island.” Aunt informed the boys.
“Well, la de da, Aunt Nellie aren’t we putting on airs, said Charley.
“Listen here, Charley, when this old girl travels, she travels in style.  Like this Ford Expedition decked out with all its comforts.  Who do you think suggested to Jakes father to pick this SUV out for Jakes birthday?” Aunt Nellie revealed.
“Aunt Nellie are you saying you planned all along for Jake to drive us up to Copper Ore Lodge.” Asked Denny.
“Of course, I did Denny. I never go on one of my Wild and Woolley adventures without planning every detail well in advance.”
Jake keeping his eyes on the road tells Aunt Nellie, “Thanks Aunt Nellie for getting dad to buy me a car.”
“Now get this straight Jake, your father had already decided to buy you a car. I just gave him a little push in the right direction on what to pick out for you. It was his idea in the first place Jake.”
“I still want to thank you Aunt Nellie, I fear dads idea of a car is a large Cadillac with curtain windows, and plastic seat covers. I have never felt comfortable driving his Cadi, felt like I was his chauffeur.” Jake admitted.
“Jake nothing wrong with being a Chauffeur. Some of the best make a good living driving around the riches men and women.  Why I once met a Chauffeur who drove for Aristotle Onassis the Greek shipping magnate.  He traveled around the world with Ari and retired to a good living when Onassis died.”
“Just the same Aunt Nellie, I felt out of place in the community and that the only reason I had friends was because of my wealth and my family standing in the community. I don’t feel that way now, and realize my father wasn’t being a show off, just that the community expected it of him to drive a Cadillac. He has changed since last summer.  That’s why he sold the Cadillac and got the plain old sedan he drives now. Thought I do love this decked out Ford, it suits me better than some pretentious Cadillac.  It is practical, yet, sporty and serves a purpose other than saying I have money.” Jake added.
“I am glad you like it Jake.  It suits me too, this seat is heaven, if only it would vibrate to massage my weary bones.” Aunt Nellie complained. 
“Sorry Aunt Nellie, maybe Denny can invent you a portable seat cover with a vibrator in it.” Jake added.
Denny spoke up. “There’s one on the market already Jake, I’ll make sure to buy it for Aunt Nellie’s Birthday if she ever tells us when that is.” Denny teased Aunt Nellie.
“Denny, a lady never tells her age, and older I get I have forgotten when I was born.”
“How convenient for you Aunt Nellie blaming you forgot when you were born on why you don’t want to reveal your age.” Roy teasing Aunt Nellie.
“Thats enough wise cracks from you boy, or you will find yourself walking to Mackinac Island.” Aunt Nellie tease right back.
“Now that will be miracle, Roy walking on water.” Charley said then added. “More like sinking in the Huron Lake up to his toes.”
“Don’t you mean head Charley?” Ricky asked.
“No, Ricky old boy, I mean toes. Roy’s head is so full of rocks, he sinks head first up to his toes.”
Roy cuffs his twins head. “At least I have rocks in my head. Yours is full of sewer gas, your jokes stink.”
“Okay twins, that enough. We are a few minutes from Mackinaw City.  Jake you should be coming up on an exit soon that will lead you into Mackinaw City.  Keep close attention to signs that will lead you to the ferry landings to the island. No vehicles are allowed on the island. There’s a special lot for Grand Hotel guest for parking their cars. Just follow the signs to the lot.  There we will check in with the parking attendant, He will check our reservations and assign us a parking spot.  Then we will open the Luggage pod, get just our backpacks out I had you boys pack for an overnight just in case we had to lay over before reaching Copper Ore Lodge.  I have an overnight bag ready to, it’s the Blue one Jake. The Hotel has their own small ferry for guest arriving always at a private dock next to the parking lot, one ferry here and one at the dock on the island.  When we arrive, that one leaves to be on standby here.  The ferry ride takes just under half an hour I am told. We will check in at the Hotel, then have most of the afternoon and early even to tour the area around the Grand Hotel. Plenty of shops, food restaurants, Historical buildings, and their world-famous Fudge shops. In the morning we will visit the historical fort on the Island by buggy, by noon check out and be back to the mainland on our way to cross the bridge.”
“Jake, I do believe the next right is your exit to the Ferry landings.  Shouldn’t have any problems finding the Hotel parking lot.  Anything you boys want to take with you from the car, gather that together and put them in your backpacks. Otherwise, they will remain here in the car. The lots guarded and secured so shouldn’t be a problem. Jake don’t forget to set the car alarm before we catch the ferry.  Well, boys here we are. Jake pull up to the station at the Gate and tell that fine young man that the reservations are in the name of Nellie McKelly and party. Here’s my Id’ and credit card, he will need them to verify the reservation is in my name.”
An hour later the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and Aunt Nellie are checked in to their rooms at the Grand Hotel.  After refreshing up Aunt Nellie met the boys on the Porch of the Grand Hotel. She relates to the boys the history of the Hotel. “Boys, you are standing on what has been boasted as the World’s largest porch since 1887 when the Hotel first opened.  Five U.S. Presidents have stayed here, Thomas Edison, and Mark Twain. Gene Stratton-Porter American Author featured the Grand Hotel in many of her books in the early 1900’s her characters in such Rite of Passage story’s, The Girl of the Limberlost, and Freckles where many of her stories center around settings in Michigan.  Notably one of her books, Michael O’Halloran a story  of young newspaper boy on the streets of New York City in 1915 era, meets an orphan girl who is crippled, rescue her from a sad circumstance and impresses a Millionaire newspaper tycoon.  A most notable movie was made  right here on the island with Christopher Reeves, in 1980, the first time the island allowed cars on the island as one driven my Reeves character in the movie was intricate to the movie which started in a future time with flashbacks to a past time, hence “Somewhere in Time” was the movie’s title. It was a love story where Reeves character meet a mysterious women in the Grand Hotel, a spirit from the past, to which he travels back in time to find.  
The islands attractions is of course the Grand Hotel as it Hallmark, historical village, and history as a premier resort. As you can see, the Mackinaw Bridge is a focal point for visitors to see and photograph its  5-mile majestic span across the Mackinac straits. It opened in 1957 and is currently the Fifth longest suspension bridge in the world, and the Longest in the western hemisphere.  This afternoon we will visit shops on main street, tomorrow Fort Mackinac built in the 1800’s and Fort Holmes in 1817.  You boys will learn some history of the area and how important these Forts where in their day. Now there is no subway, or gas generated vehicles allowed on the island. It’s all Horse drawn Trolleys, carriages, or bicycles.  Then there is the time old way since man learned to walk upright.  Walking. We share hail a carriage from here, once in the village we can stroll along like the Dumb hicks we are.” Aunt commented.
“Hey, we are not dumb hicks Aunt Nellie.” Cries Charley.  I am proud to be a Michigan Irish Hillbilly.”
“Well Mr. Hillbilly, don’t dawdle, there is much to see today. Come along boys, I think we will let Charley chase after the carriage like the proud Irish Hillbilly he claims to be.”
***

It was an educating adventure on the Mackinac Island for the boys, The Grand Hotel was just that Grand, Lavish, as Denny put it a porch with a view you could do a 50-yard dash on.  The weather was cooperating that day with clear Blue skies and sunshine. The Huron Lake sparked in the sun.  At night, the bridge lite up with a rainbow of colors.  The boys sitting on the porch of the Grand where ready to move in permanently.  It was a life many a young lad dreamed off. The Dining room was lite up with gorgeous chandeliers, the waiter, and waitresses dress in tuxedos, waiting hand and foot on you gladly to meet your every desire.  Lace table clothes and a decor a hundred years old rich in red satin curtains. The food exquisite and a menu with dishes from around the world.  The boys had a  Hamburger of the best Angus beef, the size of a small dessert plate, on a toasted onion bun with onions and cheese, steak fries, and a salad on the side. While Aunt Nellie ordered Lobster Thermidor a French dish with a creamy mixture of cooked Lobster meat, egg yolks, and cognac, stuffed in a lobster shell. Dessert was New York cheese cake with a rich layer of Mackinac Island Fudge between the flaky buttery crust  and the Cheese filling. Aunt Nellie explained to the boys. “You never know when next you will get meal like this in such a swell place.”
 The next day they visited the two forts, learning much about Fort life in the 1800’s. Then returned to their rooms to pack up there souvenir’s, post cards to send home, and a life time supply of Mackinac Island Fudge. Checking out of the Grand Hotel, Aunt Nellie gather the boys together for a group Picture, asking a Porter if he would not mind taking a shot or two with her and the boys. Then caught the ferry back to the parking lot back on the mainland. In due time Jake navigated his way to the bridge from there. Paid the toll and went ahead on to St. Ignace connect to Highway 2 west eventually leading north to Iron Mountain and points beyond. Highway 2 hugged the southern shoreline of the Upper Peninsula around Lake Michigan, until it connected with Highway 41 going south in to Wisconsin.  Highway 2  at that point would head north. Jake would be turning off Highway 2 south.
After leaving St Ignace.  The boys in the back where quiet then Denny spoke up. “Thank you, Aunt Nellie” Denny said. Then each boy  in turn thanked Aunt Nellie for the overnight at the Grand Hotel.
“It was my pleasure boys.” She said.
Roy had to spoil the touching moment,” Just one problem Aunt Nellie, where was the Wild and Woolley adventure?” He complained.
“Roy, that’s an adventure only you can provide.  I am getting to old for the Wild and Woolley.” Aunt Nellie told Roy. 
“Aunt Nellie somethings wrong” Jake cried.  I just lost the instrument panel the car isn’t responding, the wheel is sluggish. I am trying to pull her over to the side of the rode.” With difficulty Jake managed to pull the stalled car over to the side of the freeway out of traffic.” Jake stopped the car and sat there behind the wheel. 
“What happen Jake,” Aunt Nellie asked.
“Everything went dead, the instrument panel shut down, the steering wheel, wouldn’t cooperate, then the engine died. I think one of its safety features released the stirring wheel when the engine died.  It was sluggish at first, no power steering. The cruise control ended, and the brakes slowly engaged to slow us down.  I barely managed to pull us over.” Jake told Aunt Nellie.
“What do you think the problems is Jake?” Jimmy asked.
I, don’t know Jimmy, I’m not all that up on these electronic components.”
Charley whispered to Denny.  Denny offered a solution as to what might be wrong. “Charley thinks it could be a problem with the fuse box. I think he is right though. But it would be rare for a total burn out of every fuse at once.  One fuse burning out would affect only that circuit and what it controlled. A master fuse would trip to protect all the fuses from burning out. I think we need to check the fuse box where ever that is Jake.”
“Aunt Nellie in the Arm rest is a manual  for the car. Get it out and let Denny browse through it and find where the fuse box is. We need to get out of the car, it’s getting kind of stuffy in here, the windows won’t roll down without power. Luckily. the door locks unlocked when the power went off.” Everyone climbed out except Aunt Nellie, she left her door open and sat in her seat.”  Jake managed to find the emergency latch under the hood and raised it up to alert cars passing by they were stranded. Aunt Nellie told the boys to stay well off the road  on the passenger side of the car.
“I found it Jake it is in a panel on the right, inside of the car wheel well behind the 3rd row seat.  Jimmy, Roger, help me get the ice chest out and the picnic basket. The two boys wrestled the ice chest out while Denny pulled out the picnic basket. Flipped the wheel well cover up, searched for a panel on the right side of it. He discovered that the panel was open, the main breaker had  dislodged from its socket laying at the bottom of the wheel well.  Inspecting the breaker, he couldn’t find anything wrong with it. The trip switch still functioned and no signs of the any burn marks on the box.” 
“He showed the main breaker to Jake. “The manual says this is the main breaker which connects all the electronics wiring from the engine throughout the whole car. Under the dash is the actual fuse box where all the individual fuses are for easy access for removing blown Fuses.  This is the Master circuit Breaker that shuts down everything for maintenance checks and prevents electrical fires. It snaps into a socket much like a fuse would. When I discovered it the access panel was open where it should have been closed, design to keep the unit locked in its socket.  It eventually popped out of the socket shutting everything down and the safety features engaged to bring the car down to a safe speed and allowed you to pull over without incident.  I need you to make sure the ignition is turned off, and the key out. Then right under the left side of the steering, under the dash is a drawer that pulls out about where you left knee would be sitting.”
“ Let Aunt Nellie let you get in from the passenger side for safety.  Pull the drawer out and a bank of fuses will be there, Check every fuse for a burn out. The manual says there are a set of spare fuses in a box in that draw.  Just to make sure, replace every fuse they are color coded so you shouldn’t  have any trouble and they are in different shapes sizes as well.  Once you replace then, I can snap this back in place. It could still be damaged inside the unit I can’t tell.  I am hoping it wasn’t when it popped out of its socket.  When I pop it in, I can reset the trip that should restore all systems, when you turn the key on Just one problem with that.  The manual says, the Navigation system will lose any current programed instructions the Sheriff loaded in to it. We will have to rely on our paper maps.  Also, I don’t think we will have our Wi-Fi back until I can figure out  how to reset those systems. We will have our engines, power steering, the basics. Just not our Navigation system or communication system.  That may require a trip to a Ford Dealership.” Denny detailed for Jake.
Jake got the fuses replaced, the drawer closed, and hollered back to Denny to put the Master unit back in. Denny hollered back, done. Jake making sure the car was in Park, turned the key to start the engine. Roared and purred like a kitten after a short nap. The instrument pane work up.  The air came back  on. Denny asked Jake to check the turn signals, brake lights, the power windows, and whippers. Jimmy checked power controls of the 2nd and 3rd row seats.  Aunt Nellie checked her seat, and Jake check his. Everything was working. The navigations system came back up, but no memory of recent programing, the same for the entertainment system as well. Jake could turn the radio to Factory Presets, but he would have to reprogram favorite channels again. The Navigation system factory presents worked as well. Just none of programed alerts and announcements programed for this trip.  That they could get by without. Denny discovered the Wi-Fi did work, just only on preset controls. Before closing the wheel well up he made sure the access panel was secured shut. It had a key like latch where a flat head screw driver could be inserted to lock or unlock the panel door. It was a fluke that someone at the factory or dealership had missed locking it tight.
With the Ice chest and picnic basket back in place and the back hatch and front hood closed. Everyone climbed back into the car. Checking traffic Jake got back on the freeway and continued the Journey. The last alert from Navigation just minutes before the car died. Said the goal was 2 hours away.
*****
Jake  came up on unexpected construction zone just past Brevort. He was told to follow the detour signs that would take him around the Sault Ste Marie State Forest area to 123.  Follow that north to Trout Lake turn west on Trout Lake Road until you get  into Gaffey, turn Right west on to Hiawatha Rd through Gaffey. Stay on Hiawatha Rd through Rexton, on into Garnet. At Borgstrome Rd turn south follow the signs to Garlyn Zoo Wildlife Park, there you can connect back on to Highway 2. The road attendant said, “Sorry, folks there is no other way to get there from here.” Jake was handed a detailed flyer, a map marking the route to take. It was at least an hour detour back to Highway 2. Then another hour to Manistique and to Thompson where they would be leaving Highway 2. 
And Hour later, turning to Denny, Jake asked him. “That the tablet of yours working Denny.  I need you to look at that file you put in regarding our last leg of our journey to the Lodge.”  It took Denny a few minutes to find what he needed. We pass Manistique staying on Highway 2, until we get into Thompson turning off Highway 2 on to Yager Rd south, until we reach the first road just past Johnson Creek. It is a private road, a left hand turn only, heading east to Lake Michigan. There will be a gate on the road, where the care taker lives. He will let us in through the gate, hand over the keys to the lodge. At the end of the road is where we will find The Copper Ore Lodge.” Denny told Jake.
Jake drove into Thompson just as the navigators clock informed him it was 5:15 pm.  Aunt Nellie asked the boys if they were ready for something to eat. She didn’t think they would have anything at the Lodge waiting for them to eat. So, it would be best if they stop at a local store and stock up on groceries for the next few days until they knew the lay of the land at the lodge.  Jake spotted a convenience store Off Highway 2 just as they arrived in Thompson.  It was called Margaret’s Meet and Eat.  Combination of a small diner and convenience store.  Across the way was a fueling station, so Jake decided to top the tank off for good measures,  He dropped Aunt Nellie off with the boys, and would join them in a few minutes.  Aunt Nellie escorted her charges into the diner, where several regulars where sitting around several tables, or at the counter.  She spotted two empty booth by the entrance and settle the boys down 4 to one booth and 3 to the other. The lady at the counter came over and greeted Aunt Nellie.
“Welcome to Margret’s Meet and Eat where the food is good, and the company better. Hi, I am Margret proprietor of this establishment. Passing through or looking for lodging. I do believe there is room available at the Morgan’s resort if you are needing room.”
“Thank you, Margret we have a summer place, we just acquired off Yager Rd down pass Johnson creek.  We got stuck going around Sault Ste Marie State Forest when the Section of Highway 2 was under construction, had a detour up through Caffey over to Garnet to connect back down to 2.  Put us off schedule. The boys and I are hungry and will need to pick up some groceries for later to take back to Copper Ore Lodge. The oldest boy is gassing up, so he should be joining us soon.” Aunt Nellie told Margret.
“Did I hear right you are heading to Copper Ore Lodge?  Been a long time since that place has had folks in it.  I hear there has been contractors out there putting the place to rights.”  Is this here your oldest boy?”
Jake just came in and spotted Aunt Nellie the boys. Margret greeted Jake. “come on over son, we have a spot here with your Grandmother.” Margret invited Jake to sit.
Aunt Nellie didn’t a bat an eye. “Margret, where are my manner’s. let me introduce you to my Great Grand Nephews, the twin’s Charley and Roy Capp, My Great Grand Nephew Denny McKelly, this is Jimmy Walker, next to him is Ricky Radameyer Jimmy’s foster brother, and that Roger Wilks, the tall fellow is Jake Lake our driver. Friends of my nephews. I am Nellie McKelly,  everyone calls me Aunt Nellie.” Aunt Nellie introduced herself.
“Why it is a pleasure Aunt Nellie to meet such fine boys. Sorry about saying Jake was your grandson.” Apologized Margret.
“That’s all-right Margret. Being called grandmother takes a few decades off these old bones. What’s the house special Margret?” asked Aunt Nellie.
“We’ll let my think what is left, I do believe we have a nice perch available, deep fried with coleslaw on the side, and French fries, then there is the Friday Night Mac & Cheese casserole with your choice of a Fried Chicken steak, or Pork chop. Then of course we always have a Hamburger plate with fries, Club sandwich with cottage cheese. To nights soup is Chunky Chicken noodle in a bowl or cup.  We have a fine selections of homemade pies, and the best ice cream sodas, Malts, and Sundaes.  Root beer floats are a favorite of my Son Julius. He would be the age of Jake here. He his home mobbing about. So, what do would you like boys.” Margret asked.
The twins ordered the Mac & Cheese casserole with the Fried Chicken steak.  Denny order the Perch dinner, Jake, decided to have the club sandwich plate.  Ricky, Jimmy, and Roger wanted the Hamburger plate. Aunt Nellie said she take some of that Chunky Chicken noodle soup in a cup, with a side order of cottage cheese.
“Well now that will take oh about 20 minutes to rustle up for you. Meanwhile we have self-serve drinks, so help yourself.  Aunt Nellie would you like some Hot tea, coffee.” Margret asked.
“No thank you Margret, a bit late for me to have caffeine.  I will settle for a class of milk though.”
“Coming right up Aunt Nellie.  Boys you will find that drink dispenser over behind the partition to your right. We have cola’s, root beer, orange drink and cherry aide. There’s a slushy machine as well with cola or Cherry flavors. Free refills. I’ll just slip this order to the cook and put a rush on it. These boys look like they are ready to eat those plastic flowers on the table. Shouldn’t be long Aunt Nellie.”  Margret walked over to the window, and hollered, “ Rush this order Tony we have a hungry pack of wolverines pups drooling out here.”  Margret made her rounds with a fresh pot of coffee for her guest.
The boys walked over to the drink dispenser. Picked their favorites.  Denny excused himself spotting the men’s Bathroom. He came back 10 minutes later with his drink, a funny look on his face. Jimmy asked what was wrong.  Denny said he would tell him later.  Not now.
***
After their meal, Aunt Nellie handed over a list to Jake, and told him to take the boys into the convenience store and get what they would need at the lodge.  Pick up a few more bags of ice if they got it. Don’t let the boys pick out junk food. I believe they still have a “wagon full of fudge yet to eat.” I’ll call the caretaker and tell him we will be leaving Thompson within the half hour and expect us. I don’t believe we are that far off our schedule Jake despite that detour. Jake took the boys shopping, and Aunt Nellie went back to the car to make her call. When the boys returned to the car Aunt Nellie was having a fit over the phone with someone. She hung up when she saw the boys coming.
“Jake, we need to haul out of here fast.  The caretaker say’s there someone in the Lodge prowling around. He thought it might be us arriving earlier than expected, he had been in town.  When he got back, he found the gate had been busted open. He expect to find a Ford Expedition at the lodge, but when he arrived there, there was no Ford, but the front door open wide.  He saw someone with a flashlight upstairs going from room to room.  He was heading back to his cottage to call the sheriff, when he arrived the  phone was ringing, and it was me. He’s calling the sheriff now. Told me he will be at the entrance to the road with a lantern.  Aunt Nellie got the boys and the groceries in the Expedition and Jake was soon off down Yager Rd. He wanted to rush but not knowing the road he put caution ahead of disaster. Ten minutes later he came up on a sign that said Johnson Creek, crossed over a small one lane bridge and soon came upon a young man about 28 maybe older, standing at the head of the private drive waving a lantern has he approached. Jake turn into the private road and stopped. The caretaker step up and asked, “Aunt Nellie and party I hope.”
“Yes, we are Mr. Jones.” Aunt Nellie told him. 
“I was worried you got lost” Asked Mr. Jones
“No just unexpected road construction, and a long detour around Sault Ste Marie Forest state park.  Had to stop at Margret’s Meet and Eat for a meal. The boys where getting hungry.” Aunt Nellie explained.
“Properly for the best might have walked in on our unexpected guest.  The sheriff is on his way, the cottage is just a few yards up ahead, there’s room to pull over next to my Jeep. I’ll wait for the sheriff here.  Cottage is open folks, make yourself at home, it’s modest but comfy.  Mind the cat, he tends to get to friendly even with strangers.  Should have gotten a guard dog instead.  The sheriff should be along here any time.  See you at the cottage.” Mr. Jones stepped back to let Jake move ahead to the cottage.  They were just getting out of the car when Jake noticed flashing lights coming down the private road. The sheriff raced by with Mr. Jones. Through the busted gate and up the road when they lost sight of the flashing lights as the sheriff made a turn left around a bend in the road.
Jake said to Aunt Nellie, “you think we should follow them?”
“No. Jake I believe it is best to let the law handle this.  Let’s go get comfy and visit the cat I am sure he can do with some company.” The boys followed Aunt Nellie into the cottage found it rather neat and organized, modest yes, but it didn’t have that bachelor feel to it one would expect of young single man.  Aunt Nellie noticed a diploma on the mantle, it was from Michigan State University, Mr. Jones held a Master’s in forestry and conservation. There was a second diploma from Nevada State University a degree in Wild Life Preservation. As she looked around the cottage, she noticed his library was full of forestry and conservation text books and journals, mixed in with Wild Life preservation text?  Interesting she commented to herself, why was Mr. Richard Jones working as a caretaker?  There had to be a story here.  While she was contemplating that story, Mr. Jones and the Sheriff arrived back from the Lodge.
Mr. Jones Introduced Aunt Nellie to the Sheriff, “Sheriff Harding this is Aunt Nellie McKelly, she is the trustee of the Copper Ore Lodge Estate, and I believe this is Aunt Nellie’s Great Grand Nephew Denny McKelly, the son of Richard O’Tomas and grandson of Henry O’Tomas and Joyce O’Tomas, Denny is the new owner of the Copper Ore Lodge. I believe the Twins over there are Aunt Nellies Great Grand Nephew’s as well. I’m sorry I haven’t gotten the names of all the boys, I do believe they are school chums of Denny.  They are up here to inspect the restoration work of the Lodge and spent a couple of weeks during their summer break from school. If I am correct, the Twins Father is a county sheriff back home in southern Michigan.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you Aunt Nellie, and you to Denny.  I am sorry to hear of your parents passing, and your grandparents Denny. I knew your Father, though I was a decade older though.  When your Father was at the lodge with his parents, my Father used to be their grounds keeper for many years. The last time I saw your father he was soon to be off to college, wanted to be a stock broker like his father. He spent that last summer up here before collage, he, and some of his mates from High school.  We have a lot of seasonal homes and estates in these area’s hard to make lasting friends. But Richard had something special about him that made it easy to make friends with.  He wasn’t one to exclude anyone from his circle.  Here I go and rattle on when I should be making a report to the new owner of the lodge.”
“I am sorry to report we found nothing at the Lodge except an open door, I trust Jones here that he saw someone at the lodge.  We checked it out from head to toe and found nothing.  Jonesy say’s nothing is missing that he can tell.  He will go over with you the list of the inventory tomorrow and if he finds something he missed tonight, you give me a call and I will add it to my report.  I do believe it is safe to take possession, just make sure doors, and windows are locked tight.  I don’t think anyone is coming back with eight people in the lodge now putting down roots.  The phone isn’t on yet at the lodge, but I understand Aunt Nellie you have a cell phone. We get good reception out here this close to Thompson, though not so good in outlying areas. If there is anything, I can do for you Aunt Nellie, Jonesy has my number.  Well goodnight, I have a long shift tonight.  Sorry I couldn’t catch some bad guys for you.” Sheriff Harding apologized.
“That’s alright Sheriff Harding, Sheriff Capp, the twins father often has the same problems. But he does make up for slow days these days.” Aunt told Sheriff Harding.
“Don’t know if I would want his busy days, kind of like to have a quiet summer for a change, Goodnight Boys.”  Sheriff Harding left returning to his squad car, drove back to Yager Rd.
“Aunt Nellie, I think we should get on to the Lodge, and get your settled. Your follow me in my Jeep. The road ahead has a sharp turn, so keep an on me.  Eventually Jake here will get familiar with it soon enough.  Watch the cat, he likes to hitch rides.  Been bothering the workers at the large too.  So, don’t be surprised if you see him there every day, it’s one of his favorite haunts.”
***

The caretaker soon had Aunt Nellie and the boys at the lodge and settled. He handed over a packet with a list of where everything was, the fuse box, and the like. During the short tour he showed them the kitchen, One, of the baths down stairs was a half bath off the kitchen, a full bath off the master suite off the kitchen. On the second floor was a one two room suite with bath, and 3 bedrooms all with baths.  The Third floor had the same.  He though Aunt Nellie would like the first-floor master suite to save her from having to climb stairs. The attic still holds a children’s Playroom full of generations of O’Tomas children toys. The first floor has a front parlor, a smoking room though now a TV room, Game room, and a small library. Theirs a very large dining room often used for small balls and dances.  The kitchen has a private dining area for the family with connecting door to the game room.  “I will leave few surprises for you to discover on your own.  The packet has information on the trails leading to your private beach, and boat house.  It’s getting late so I will leave you to settle in.  Goodnight.”
Aunt Nellie didn’t realize just how late it was getting.  “You  boys can get my overnight bag, and just your  overnight bags out from the luggage pod and the rest in the morning,   just make sure it’s locked and the car alarm on.  Now I have a suite to check into, don’t forget my overnight bag. I suggest you fight over who gets what upstairs.  I would suggest the twins take one of the suites, and Ricky and Jimmy the other suite. Jake, Denny, and Roger can toss for which room and floor. Have a snack if you like before bed but get to bed before the sun rises.  I don’t need sleepy heads in the morning unable to stay awake and get the luggage Pod unpacked. Goodnight boys.”
 The boys headed out to the travel pod.  First, they grabbed Aunt Nellies overnight bag, sending Denny back into the lodge to deliver it to Aunt Nellie.  They grabbed Denny’s overnight bag and their own.  Jake locked up the luggage  Pod and locked up the car, then setting the alarm.  Following close behind the others, they met Denny at the front door. “Wait I have to tell you something, at the diner early while I was in the bathroom, I overheard someone in the one of stalls talking on his cell phone.  He was talking to someone, telling them to get out of the lodge fast, that the new owners where here at the diner. I left before he could see me.  He didn’t come back into the diner.  There was a backdoor at the end of the hallway leading to the bathrooms. He must have gone out the backdoor.”


Chapter 7
Something Afoot


Denny dropped a Bomb on the boy’s, no one flinched, or ran for cover. They faced it head on. “Denny, are you sure this guy meant us.?” Charley asked.
“Yes, Charley, I am, if he shouted any louder, I am sure, you all would have heard it out in the dining room.  I walked in to relieve myself, and this guy was shouting at someone on the phone. He sounded more scared then angry. Whoever he was talking to was at the Lodge? I clearly heard him telling someone to get out of the lodge fast, that the new owners where here at the diner. I didn’t wait around to hear more, I left before he could see me.”
“Listen, we need to discuss this upstairs, I don’t think we need to worry Aunt Nellie with this yet. Let’s pick out our rooms first, grab a snack from the kitchen, meet back upstairs on the 3rd floor, where Aunt Nellie won’t hear us.” Jake advised the boys.
The boys shouldered their backpacks and headed up the stairs. Charley and Roy took the 2nd floor suite, Jake and Denny took each a single room on the 2nd floor with the twins.  Roger joined Ricky and Jimmy up on the 3rd floor. Roger picked a room at the end of the hall to Jimmy and Ricky’s suite. The suites and single rooms where a bit old fashion with furniture that was well kept, but from an era of the Roaring Twenties, Speakeasy, prohibition, and Mobsters. The bathrooms were done in Cobalt Blue tile and White Porcelain basins perched on pedestals.  The Toilet was  modern so was the lighting, and a combo heater and exhaust fan. The tub with a modern shower head and surround curtain. The Two bedrooms in each suite  were on either side of the bathroom with connecting doors. The sitting room was a narrow room which gave access to the bedrooms. The single rooms where combo sitting room and bed with bath.  The 2nd floor rooms where placed on the backside of the oblong lodge where windows overlooking a garden in need of care. The 2nd floor promenade that led to each room gave a view down into the first floor sitting room. The 3rd floor rooms was positioned over lower promenade, where instead of an inner promenade looking down to the first floor from inside. The 3rd floor stairs  led up to the front of the house, a glassed-in promenade overlooking the Drive way and front yard.  Off the 3rd floor stairs, a narrow staircase led up to the attic which stretched from one end of the lodge to the other end. A short Hallway with two doors, the first was the playroom taking up half the attic space, and the second door leading into the attics dusty  storeroom.  Each of the rooms had been given fresh bed linen and blankets. New mattresses had been fitted to the 1920 open four posted bed frames. Fresh paint on the walls and new curtains. The woodwork cleaned and polished. New rugs installed reproductions of that era when the Lodge was built.
The boys settled their backpacks on the beds and headed to the kitchen as a group. In a short time, they had cold cut sandwiches made up, chips and a cold soda each. They headed back up to Jimmy and Ricky’s suite on the 3rd floor.  In the sitting room where two couches, and four overstuff chairs. With coffee tables and end tables. Many of lamps had clothes shades with beaded tassels and Bronze bases.   One glass Tiffany floor lamp stood out among the rest, it was not a reproduction. With paper Napkins in hand the boys covered the coffee table and end stands before setting their cold soda cans down.  With paper plates on their laps, they, dived into their midnight repast. Between bites, Jake, opened the discussion. “I have been thinking.  Our intruder earlier tonight confirms what Denny heard in the bathroom at the diner.  What I want to know is what they are looking for in the lodge. We already know that theirs been earlier sightings by the caretaker of people in the Lodge.  We even have ghost stories of the lodge being recently haunted. Which tells me someone is looking for something. They’re not stealing the antiques.  That Tiffany floor Lamp has got to be worth thousands of Dollars.  This  whole lodge is a treasure chest, yet no reports of anything missing. What are they looking for?” Jake asked.
Charley said, “There are many kinds of treasure then Antiques. Maybe hidden money in the house, or something that isn’t obviously worth something.” He explained.
I was thinking that information can be valuable, like some first draft of a book by a famous author never published.  Even an old diary, can have valuable information that can be used to hold against someone for money.” Jimmy told the boys.
“Whatever they are looking for, apparently, they have no clue of where it’s at or even what it is, or they would have found it by now. So, we must learn if the history of this lodge can reveal what they are looking for.  Once we can link that history to this Mystery, we may be able to find it first.” Denny suggested.
Where do we find the History of this Lodge? Denny’s Father and Grandparents have passed on. His Grandparents would know best what that history is.  As I recall, what the Estate Attorney told Aunt Nellie, this Lodge was built by a O’Tomas relative in 1920.  That’s 100 years ago.  There’s a lot of history there to research.” Roy said.
Roger added. “A good place would be the public library history room.  Though in the community this small, I am afraid they might not have a history room.  Then again, a local history society might be a good start.  They might have old newspapers, diaries written by locals of that time.  Pictures of the Lodge with guest in them.
My mother once told me that in her Grandmother house, as a girl, her Grandmother once took her up into the attic to go through some old trunks looking for family pictures there.  She told me that Grandmother had her Grandparents things up there, collecting dust in old steamer trunks, and boxes. The house had been in the family  since, 1915.” Ricky said.
Ricky, my new found buddy, you just earned a gold star. This house has an attic that would put to shame the White House attic.  Why there’s an old children’s Play room up there, Mr. Jones says it still has toy chests filled with old toys since Moses floated down denial sea.” Charley said.
“That’s the Nile river Charley, not the denial sea.” Roy said to his twin.
“That’s what I said Roy old boy. Down “thee Nile” sea. Got that old man, down denial sea, where he floated in a red basket  made of woven Egyptian Licorice.” Charley laughed. 
If there had been throw pillows handy this is where Charley would be bombarded with pillows.  As it was, a few bunched up  wet paper napkins made do. The boys agreed it was time for bed, Charley was getting punch drunk on soda, and lack of sleep.  Before leaving for their rooms, Denny said, “Tomorrow after we unload the luggage  pod, and any chores Aunt Nellie might spring on us.  We need to visit the Attic and that playroom. I have hunch we might find a lead or two among the dust, and old toys.
***

Now morning came, though the boys didn’t get to bed until 1 a.m. Aunt Nellie let them sleep in until 8 a.m. They rose when Aunt Nellie yelling from the first floor. She had strong lungs as most Irish women do. A genetic throwback of Irish women hollering at their brood of lassie’s and Lad’s to hustle out of bed and get their chores down.  Milk the cows, feed the chickens, slop the swine, and where is that no good lazy Father of yours, still at the pub with a drab of wee whisky in his hand, asleep at the bar. There is nothing like an Irish women who can wake her man 3 miles away with her hollering. The boys jumped to it. Taking a quick shower, thanking the god of massive heaters, and water pressure. Each boy was able to take a shower without loss of water pressure or hot water.  Later they discovered that each bath had been updated with on demand hot water and the Lodge had a high-volume water pump installed. With the size of the lodge, you needed a good size well to meet demand.  Aunt Nellie had a breakfast of hot oatmeal, OJ, and toast. After breakfast, the boy’s unloaded the Travel Pod bringing Aunt Nellie her suitcases and hauling their own to their rooms.
Then Aunt Nellie had the boys pair off, taking a page each of the inventory list, methodically they spent the  rest of the morning going through the lodge checking off each item on their list. By Lunch they had the inventory done. Found nothing missing, all antiques and valuables accounting for. The library had a decent volume of old books, the rarest behind locked cabinets. Though nothing the boys found interesting when considering what they needed to find.  Mostly fiction, non-fiction, references books and the like.  From the late 1800’s to as current as 35 years ago. Denny didn’t think a family journal or old diary would be out in plain sight. If so, it would have been found already.  Aunt Nellie was pleased with the boy’s results and said the rest of the afternoon was theirs to explore the lodge grounds and take the trail to the beach if they wanted. She did warn them to swim close to shore, as they might be rip tides.  She would ask Mr. Jones if this area of the beach had frequent Rip tides. 
“Here’s the map Mr., Jones had in the packet, do  not wonder off, stay on the marked trails.  We are in a far larger forested  area, then Jimmy’s Wood on the farm back home.  Mind the time and be back here by 4 p.m.” She told the boys.  As the boys where getting ready to leave for the beach, a sudden rain shower came up. Though not disappointed they told Aunt Nellie they wanted to explore the Playroom in the Attic. Denny was curious as to what kind of toy’s his Father as a child played with.
With Denny in the lead, the twins behind Denny, then Ricky, Jimmy, Roger, and last Jake, the hiked up three flights of stairs to the Attic. Finding an old toggle switch, they turned the lights on in the hallway. Denny turned the glass knob on the door, the door  screeched of rusty hinges as he opened it. Just inside was another toggle switch. Two old pendent fixture with bare bulbs flared up, then flickered then glowed casting a Yellow light.  Left of the door was a wall-to-wall wardrobe. Upon inspection it held shelfs of table games, children books, and a closet of play costumes.  On the exterior wall was two bay windows with a padded built-in box bench.  Charley sneezed up a storm when he tried to dust off the bench.  He was able to raise the window just only six inches up, discovering a block to prevent it from going any further. Jake opened the other window as well.  Airing out the musty room the boys inspected assorted toy chests. On the right of the playroom was a small stage with a tattered old curtain tied back to reveal a shallow recess.  On the interior wall was an old chalkboard with a poem written on it in fading chalk.  Some attempt at composing a riddle unfinished. It read. “What is Green lost in sea of Blue and Yellow, Bluer then Green? Where do you find, a bird that is not a bird, as Blue as the sky? What is not an animal, nor an Insect, nor a plant,  but the most abundant mineral . When the time is wrong, when the clock strikes but once, what time is it. When lost, what finds your way home. What is hidden, yet in plain sight, knock and it shall be revealed. Confused, what is the beginning could be the end, or the middle of a whim. One leads to the other.”
“Ah Jimmy, as Grandfather Tom ever been to Copper Ore Lodge before.” Charley asked.
“I don’t think so unless it was as a child. This chalk has petrified on the board. I don’t think even a wire brush could remove it.” Jimmy told Charley.
“I wonder who wrote it?” said Denny,
“It’s not in cursive, so it must have been a child.  You can see where whoever printed it had trouble forming their letters. The small k’s are backwards, and the small e’s as well, the small s’s too and the small r’s are backwards.  As if the child is still learning the correct way to print  their letters.” Ricky explained.
“Or it could be an adult with learning disability or deformed hand.” Roy added.
Jake asked.  “You think our mystery guy saw this?”
“I don’t think so Jake, Denny, turn the lights off, wait until I get my phone out and turn the flashlight on.” Roger told Denny. “Now Denny.”  Denny switched the lights out. With his flash light he moved the light around the room then passed over the chalkboard. “Turn the lights back on Denny.  Unless you kept the light focused on the board, the faded chalk was hard to see just passing over it,” explained Roger and added.  “Each time someone has been here at night, the main power has been  off.  Even in daylight the dirty windows do not let much light in here.  You could easily just pass over it with your eyes in a hurry not to be discovered in the lodge.”
“You might be right Roger, faded as it is, it does stand out. Is it a clue to what we are seeking, or just a child’s attempt at writing a riddle for fun?” Jake said.
“I don’t think we shouldn’t dismiss it out of hand just yet. Roger use you phone to take a picture of it. We might find some other clue that links to what we are looking for.  Though it is weird that it would hint out something we are looking for.” Denny said, “Let’s check the Attic storage room. Close the windows Twins would you.” 
The twins where the last to leave, turned the lights off, and closed the door rusty hinges screeching.  Charley was heard telling Roy. “I am glad our suite is down on the second floor, if some ghost opened that door, I would not hear it Roy.”
“I don’t think you could hear those rusty hinges over the Ghost wailing screams, and rattling chains echoing down to the first floor Charley.” 
“Gee thanks Roy boy, now I won’t sleep a wink tonight.”
“That’s alright Charley, my screaming will drown out any ghosts screams you might hear.” Roy said.
“Boo!” said Ricky sneaking up to them. The twins jumped a mile high.
“You just wait Ricky, you will find a tree toad in your bed tonight.” Charley threaten, then chased after Ricky down to the end of hallway. Denny and the others had already entered the Attic.
The twins stood behind the boys, amazed at what they saw. There were suits of Armor standing up against one wall, another wall had medieval weapons arranged on it. Various shields leaned up against a back wall. Scatter about were heavy chest bound in iron straps, some with heavy chains wrapped around them.  In the middle of the attic was a large table, and on the table was mockup of an ancient battle field with miniature knights arrayed on foot, or on the backs of heavily armored steeds. It was right out of King Arthurs time.  Even a wizard standing on a hill with a lightning bolt in his hands. An opposing enemy facing the wizard. Morgana Le Fay leading them.  The boy’s scanned their eyes over the battle field, every detail sharp and clear right down to the swords and lances each knight carried.  These where not dime store plastic figurines. They were hand carved wood knights and horses in every detail.  The tree’s and landscape meticulously render in wood. Where boulders where they were real stone.  The Pendragon suspended about the table, wings spread out in span of 3 feet, breathing fire over the battle field.
Denny broke the boys revere, “Why I will be flabbergasted. This isn’t some child’s toy, it’s a Master Fantasy Battlefield Reconstructionist who created this. These Armor suits, and battle weapons have got to be antiquities the kind you would find in museums. The artistry of the craftsmanship of the miniatures, the landscape is priceless. I don’t understand why it wasn’t listed in the estate inventory.”
“Over here Denny, Roger called. “I think this is the inventory log here. It details the number of piece, where the piece where collected from, the value, and dates of each piece. Theirs a note here addressed to you Denny.” Roger handed the note over to Denny.
Denny opened the folded note and read it aloud. “Denny, I thought I would surprise you with this, by letting you discover it on your own.”  The log books explains much about the age of the  collection when it first started and the last time a new piece had been added. The person who started this as I have been told by my father was your Great Grandfather William Henry O’Tomas who’s Uncle built this lodge in 1920 to house this collection.  He spent many a decade with his hobby until  he died, I am told, his son had no interest in it. Your father spent many a summer up here restoring the miniatures and polishing up the suited armor and weapons.  When your father went to college, my father the caretaker then kept the table cover in dust covers as well as the suits of armor and the many artifacts. Your father had added a museum grade filtration and  dehumidifier system to preserve the collection. It should give you and the next generations many more decades of joy. My father sealed off the stair case entrance, behind a bookcase.  I kept the attic hidden during the rehab work. Keeping secret, the playroom and “Arthur’s Armory”  as you father called it.  When the rehab work was done in the lodge, I re-opened the attic for you.” Signed Richard Jones, caretaker.
“Where the heck are you boys, having you heard me hollering for you.” Aunt Nellie came into the attic, stood there frozen with an incredible look in her face. “Why I’ll be flabbergasted, don’t this just remind me of my Great Grandfather’s castle Armory.
***

Aunt Nellie explained to the boys that her Great Grandfather Lord Sean Beacon McKelly lived in the family castle, back in Ireland. His Armory was much like this, except for the Diorama on the table.  When he died his son, abandoned their old castle as unsafe to live in and too costly to restore.  Much of that Armory was sold to museums in Ireland and abroad. I would not be surprised if one or Two of the suits of Armor are from the McKelly Castle.  “Denny why wasn’t this listed in our Estate inventory” Aunt Nellie asked the boy. Denny handed the caretakers note to Aunt Nellie.
After reading it Aunt Nellie commented.  “That would explain it. Keeping this a secret, had to be hard for these many years. I think Mr. Jones has a few other secrets he has been keeping too. That darn cat of his is snooping around in the house, don’t know how he got in boys, would you check the place over, if it’s an open window or exterior door close it.  This lodge is so big there has got to be more than a Front door and a Back door to the place.  I would like to barrow Jake to take me into town.  I have checked the pantry and there is a gaping hole I need to fill from the Market if we are to have meals around here.  Meanwhile, the rest of you find that cat and evict the critter.  I don’t mind cats, just not used to them being underfoot.  Jake you ready.” Aunt Nellie asked Jake.
Yes, Aunt Nellie. Jake replied.
“While Jake and I are shopping, you boys should unpack your bags, hang up what needs hanging, and put the rest in your dressers. Mind you fold things neatly, I will not have by boys running around in wrinkled clothes like a bunch of street Urchins. Oh, had a peak in the Games room that billiard table is  older than me, so be kind to it.” Aunt Nellie told the boys.
“Now Aunt Nellie, aren’t we always kind to old ladies.” Charley added.
Roy added, “Especially those older then that billiard table.”
“Why you cheeky Urchins, just for that, you two get Kitchen duty for a week.” Aunt Nellie walked out the Attic with Jake.
Charley slapped Roy on the back. “Roy boy when are you going to mind that tongue of yours. One of these days, you are going to poke a finger in a lamp socket, and I am going to turn it on. Zap flat on your butt Roy Boy”
“If I recall Charley, didn’t I do that when I was five, and you turned the lamp on to see if I would light up.” Roy said.
“That you did, Roy, that you did.” Charley laughing.
“Hey, Twins, let’s go find that cat before he or she, decides to start scratching up the furniture.” Denny said.  The boys left the Armory, that was when Denny spotted a key hanging on the door jamb just inside the door.  It was tagged, Master key to attic staircase door, Playroom and Armory. The last to leave Denny locked the Armory, the Playroom, and the door to the staircase.  He noticed that the floor in front the of the staircase door had to Two tracks inserted into the floor. To the right of the door was the bookcase that the caretaker mentioned in his note. “Roger gave me a hand with this bookcase” Denny showed him the tracks in the floor. Catching on Roger and Denny slid the  book case over to the left, covering up the door. A piece of the floor right of the bookcase where it had stood popped up blending into the floor locking the bookcase in place. Roger stepped on the floor panel and found it was spring loaded. He pushed down with his foot, he discover that the bookcase could be slid back over to the right of the door. Clever he told Denny. 
The boys went through the entire lodge and could not find that darn cat, nor did they discover an  open window or bolt hole that cat was using.  Eventually Jimmy spotted the cat outside grooming itself through the library window.  It looked up at Jimmy as if to say, “You will never find my bolt hole”. The boys gave up.  Jimmy stayed in the library browsing the books on the shelves. On one wall that wasn’t lined with bookcases, he came upon a Mineralogist chart depicting several mineral samples, Iron Ore, Copper Ore, Gold and Silver ore, Manganese, Lead and Nickle Ore.  
Roger and Ricky went to the game room. There they discovered a poker table covered in a Blue velvet, around the table you could see, placements where you would lay your cards down for Texas Hold’em or 21. Round circles where you stacked your chips by denomination. Images of dice where imprinted on the velvet. The billiard table had to have weight a ton. There was a dart board on one wall, with a tally board, and a Ping Pong table on the opposite wall.  A service window from the kitchen gave you access with a double swinging salon door. Scatter about where high pedestal tables where you would place your drinks and snacks.  
The Twins found themselves out in the main sitting room where they took closer looks at the display cases collectables.  One case in particular interested them.  It was full of a fine rock collection, of quarts, geodes, Petoskey stones, Copper ore samples, and pieces of raw Turquoise. Outside of the Turquoise, the samples where readily found in the Upper Peninsula. 
Denny went off on his own exploring. He visited the formal dining room.  A room that could seat 30 guest at the long table.  He discovered in a storage closet, several round folding tables that could be used for more casual dining with folding chairs.  One long wall of the dining room had portraits of the O’Tomas family starting with the first owner and builder of the lodge, Joseph Martin O’Tomas. Then next to his portrait was William Henry O’Tomas, Nephew, and his wife Mable O’Tomas with their young Son Thomas, O’Tomas. Third over was an older Thomas O’Tomas and his wife Virginia O’Tomas with young Richard O’Tomas.  The last portrait was of Richard O’Tomas in a college blazer. Denny’s father. On another wall where paintings of sceneries, shorelines of Lake Michigan, and pictures of wildlife.  On the back wall was a mural painted right on to the wall, displaying several birds nest lined with colorful eggs. Robins, Cardinals, Blue Jays, and Red winged black birds  perched  in branches that spread over the wall.  Someone in the O’Tomas family was an Ornithologist a person who studied birds.  Double French windows gave access to the garden terrace. The fourth wall was the double pocket doors  into the dining room to the left of them was the storage room. To the right a buffet that had to be at least 15 feet long. Floor to ceiling windows were dispersed between the family portraits.  Two crystal Chandeliers hung from the Ceiling over the long table. Matching wall sconces were place along each wall. The long table had had Four Silver candelabra’s on it.   The chairs around the table where Ornate straight back affairs with Red velvet seats that matched the velvet curtains on windows with lace panels.  The French Doors where hung with just lace panels.
***

Aunt Nellie and Jake returned shortly before 3 p.m. with the caretaker in his jeep behind them.  Mr. Jones helped Jake bring in the groceries.  Mr. Jones asked the boys if they had seen his cat, Mr. Noodles. Charley told him, “Aunt Nellie had found him in the lodge underfoot before she left for Thompson.  We went looking for him but didn’t find him in the lodge.  Later he was spotted outside the Library window by Jimmy.  Aunt Nellie had us looking for the way he got in, but we couldn’t find his bolt hole.  Somehow, he manages to get in and out when all doors and windows are closed.”
“Well, that’s Mr. Noodle for you, I haven’t found how he gets in either.  One minutes he is inside pestering the workers, and next he outside with an attitude that says, “I’m not telling you how I do it.” That lodge is big boys, with crooks and crannies even I haven’t found.  Aunt Nellie tells me you found Author’s Armory. What do you think Denny?” The caretaker asked him.
“I think it’s just grand Mr. Jones. Roger and I discovered how to move the bookcase back to cover the staircase.  Clever locking system on it, Mr. Jones.” Denny told the caretaker.
“That it is Denny, my Father discovered it one day when he thought to move the case out to dust behind it.  When the case would not move out from the wall, he try sliding it over along wall. There had been a mat on the bottom of the attic staircase, when he moved it, he discovered the tracks and realized their purpose.  The case slid over with ease. Then locked in place with the floor boards popped up on the right side of the case. It remained in place until just yesterday morning  until I slid it back to open the attic for your visit.” Mr. Jones told Denny.
“Do you know, who built the Amory Mr. Jones?” Denny asked.
Well from what my Grandfather told my Father, and he told me it was Joseph Martin O’Tomas.  Joseph was the one who built the Lodge, never married, so his Nephew William O’Tomas inherited the Lodge. William’s son, Thomas O’Tomas your Grandfather kept it intact as it was when his grandfather completed the Diorama and finished the collection of suits of Armor and Weaponry. Your Father Richard was the only one in the family who had a keen interest in the Armory.  He restored the Diorama from years of neglect.  What you see now, is his effort before he went off to college.  When your father went missing, his parents ordered the lodge shut down and placed in mothballs. They never visited it again. It’s been nearly 15 year since anyone has been living in the lodge.  My Grandfather, my Father and I have been the caretakers for many decades.  When Richards parents died, the will granted my Father the deed to the cottage and provisions to keep my father on as caretaker, and I stayed after I finished college. Dad passed two years back. Denny you are my boss now, I shall carry on the long tradition of being  caretakers of the Copper Ore Lodge just don’t ask me to do windows.” Mr. Jones joked.
“I counted them earlier, far too many and to high, I don’t blame you if you don’t do windows.” Denny said.
“What I do, is show you the pump room out back, so you can get the ideal of how to reset it if the power goes off and re-prime it.  The pump has room the lawn mower and garden tools as well, along with lawn chairs, and tables for the terrace out back. I was planning on setting them out tomorrow for you. Now don’t you boys bother helping, it’s my job and what Denny is paying me to do. You’re having a summer vacation so enjoy yourself at the beach. Oh, that reminds me the rip tights around here are seldom a problem, just be warned that the water is deep around here. You have about 40 feet out before you reach a sudden drop off.  I have already strung out the buoys and float line to mark off the swimming area within 15 feet of the drop off. From shore to the float line, you have 1 feet to 6 feet of water to swim in with a find sandy bottom. The water here in the north can get cold even in the hottest days.  Though not as cold as Lake Superior, that is the deepest lake of the 5 great lakes. The boathouse key is in the key box in the Kitchen pantry. On a ring of keys for the speed boat, and the small fishing skiff, and the pavilion. There’s a small beach pavilion with dressing rooms, and a deck to get out from under the sun.  You find a modern portable outhouse up the trial from the pavilion, you will pass it on your way to the beach.  There’s a large fire pit in front of the pavilion.  I laid in some fire wood for you. The Pavilion deck as already been sett up with deck chairs and tables. Even has a small bar set up, with a under the counter ice chest.  You will have to haul ice done from the machine in the pump house. It’s been running for the last 3 day so you should have plenty.  There is electricity running from the lodge for lights in the pavilion and boat house. The main switch for that is in the pump house, turn it on before you leave for the beach, and off when you come back up from the beach. A spare key for the pump house is in the key box in the pantry as well.  I’ll show Jake the pump house and give him instructions on how to prime it if needed. Then be on my way, have some errands to run picking up garden supplies, new plants and pick up a new blade for the lawn mower.” Mr. Jones took Jake out back to the Pump house and was soon on his way on his errands.
Jake returned to the lodge to join the others in the kitchen with Aunt Nellie, helping her with restocking the pantry and getting together an evening meal. After the meal and the twins finished the dishes.  Aunt Nellie went to the library to find a book to read.  The boy’s went to the Tv room where they found a 65” flat screen in a large entertainment center, complete with game box, DVD player, and Streaming player hooked up to a satellite dish on top of the lodge and some of the latest video games, movies.  A brief note was attached to the Tv. “Enjoy, Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, signed Denny the Menace.”
“When did you do this Denny,” Jake asked.
“Back when Aunt Nellie and I approved the renovations.  I didn’t think we needed a smoking room. I sent a list of our favorite video games , and movies we wanted to see to Mr. Jones.  He suggested a Satellite dish to add streaming channels and get network channels.  He said the reception up here can be spotting even with an HD antenna on the roof.” Denny told the boys.  The Tv room had been furnished with 4 game chairs, 4 Theater recliners, and a love seat.  A popcorn machine sitting on a small, glassed door refrigerator filled with sodas. Jake reading the instruction started a kettle of popcorn while the boys decided what movie to watch. It didn’t take long before they had bags of fresh popped corn and settled down to watch a sequel to a major blockbuster. When the movie was over, they traded off playing video games.  Aunt Nellie came in announcing it was her bedtime and warned the boys not to stay up too late.  A half-hour after Aunt Nellie retired the boys sat around recapping todays finds in the Lodge. The riddle in the playroom was foremost in their mind, and what the mystery guy was looking for in the Lodge.
“I have been thinking about our Mystery guy, and why whatever he was looking for didn’t find it.” Denny said, “when we discovered the way that bookcase hid the attic staircase, it got me to thinking.  What if the other times he was in the lodge and couldn’t find the attic, because as the caretaker said, he hadn’t moved the bookcase from hiding the staircase until yesterday morning.  So, if this guy came back last night continuing his search. Did have time to find it when he was alerted that we had arrived in Thompson at the diner.  He didn’t know we were arriving last night. We interrupted his search before he could reach the 3rd floor and find the attic staircase open to him.  If he had been up there before, all he saw was a bookcase that rose up above the top sill of the door jam. With the locking system even if he though to move it out from behind the wall, it wouldn’t budge.  He would have just thought it was secured to the wall permanently.” Denny explained to boys.
“You might have something Denny,” Jake said, “even if he knew there was an attic, he might have thought it was a trap door in the ceiling, and at night time without power in the lodge, a flashlight could have missed it. Let’s put that done as a logical answer to why he hasn’t found what he was looking for.  Also, the riddle in the playroom could that had been what he was looking for. It is a very cryptic message left on the chalk board decades ago.” Jake suggest.
“I would agree.” Roger said to Jake.
“Then we need to pull that riddle apart and figure it out.” Denny suggested.
“I been thinking about that riddle, Denny, and second to the last part suggest the clues in the riddle are not in the order we need to solve them, let me see if  I remember this right.  “Confused, what is the beginning could be the end, or the middle of a whim.  Whim could be a type of riddle, making no sense, something to confuse the reader. The first line could be the second or third line in the riddle meaning it should be the second or the third clue we should solve. And the last clue “one leads to the other” which the way I am thinking, means solve the right first clue in the right order, it will lead to the others.” Ricky tried to explain to the group, “Does that make sense?”
“Yes, it does Ricky. So, I guess we need to unscramble the riddle and reassemble it. Which means it could have several ways to reassemble it.  If we solve one clue, out of order, we might not get the right answer the next clue. This is getting confusing.” Denny admitted.
“Why don’t we first decipher what is “Green lost in a sea of Blue and Yellow, Bluer then Green.  Then go down the line.  Write done all the answers we come up with for each line.  Like we did when hunting the Geode back in Jimmy’s Woods. We had to eliminate the obvious to get to the right solution, which lead to the next clue.” Charley suggested and added, “after that we can figure out which clue, we should solve first in the right order.”
“Open up that second drawer under the Tv Roy, you will find paper and pens there.” Denny told Roy.
Roy got the paper and a pen out and Roger volunteered to be the scribe for the night. The boys got down to some series brain storming. They tackled the Green, Blue and Yellow puzzle first. Denny suggested it was about the sea, like something Green lost in sea of Blue and Yellow.  Roy said he has never heart of sea that was Yellow, Blue sea’s yes, but not Yellow. Jake, though there was a sea name the Yellow sea between China and Korea.  Roger wrote down, seas are Blue, but not Yellow, there is a sea named Yellow. Charley came up with it had to do with being lost in the sea, that is Green, a Green boat, or Green seaweed. Then Ricky added that the last part of the line said, “Bluer then Green” which I am thinking that it’s a color between Blue and Green.  
Then Jake made a score. “Blue and Yellow paint makes Green. A little Bluer, then Yellow then you have a Bluer then Green, more Yellow and you get a lighter Green like a pale Green apple.  What is Green lost in a sea of Blue and Yellow, Bluer the Green.  Too much Blue then Yellow, the Green is lost in the sea of Blue and Yellow. Think boys what color Bluer then Green is when there less Yellow added to Blue. Yet still have hues of Green in it?”
“I got it” Charley jumped up and left the room a few minutes later he came back with a stone from the collection in the sitting room. He showed it to the boys. “it’s Turquoise, it is Bluer then Green yet when you move it in the light, you can get a hint of Green and Yellow. Turquoise comes in shades of Blue and Green or Green and Blue depending how much Yellow is in the stone.  This is a Blue Turquoise more common than the other colors of Turquoise.  Look at this, there is a letter “J” inscribed on the bottom of the stone.” Charley passed the stone around. 
Denny told Roger to put down the Letter “J” that it is linked to one of the riddles and Turquoise is also a link. Then asked everyone, “Think of the letter “J” and the color Turquoise what do they have in common. Charley found his answer in the sitting room because Roy and Charley and been in there earlier today, looking over the display cases.  He remembered seeing the Turquoise in the rock collection.  We have all been in each room where we have spent time in.  We may have seen an answer to our riddle and didn’t know it.” Denny explains.
“The next line in the riddle is if I recall is Where do you find, a bird that is not a bird as blue as the sky.” Roger told them.
“I know Roger, I was in the formal dining room today admiring the family portraits there, On the back where the French Windows are is a mural painted on the wall around the French Windows from ceiling to floor.  Come on I will show you.” Denny led the boys to the formal Dining room, turned both the chandeliers and the wall sconces on.  He directed to boys to the French Windows. He pointed out the mural of birds and nests with eggs in them.  There had to have been at least a hundred birds and nest filled with eggs.
“Where do you find bird a that is not a bird, as blue as the sky?  When is a bird not a bird, when it is an egg?” Denny explained then added. “We need to find a nest with blue eggs as blue as the sky.”  Look along each branch until you find a nest with blue eggs in it.”  Moments later, Charley called out I found it. Then at the same time, Roy said he found a nest with blue eggs. Then Ricky said he found blue eggs also. Three nest with blue eggs.
Then Jake said. “Blue as the Sky, Sky blue eggs. Which is a lighter blue then plain blue.  Rule out plain Blue and dark Blue.  Ricky looked at Charley’s egg, Charley looked at Roy’s egg and Roy at Ricky’s egg. Then switch eggs again and but not the egg they first found. Conferring together they  decided which egg was sky Blue. They agreed that Ricky’s egg was the right egg. The seven boy’s converged on the nest of sky-Blue eggs. Seven pairs of eye closely examined the nest and the eggs, and the branch the nest perched on. They found nothing that stood out to suggest it was a clue. There was a bird on the branch next to the nest looking over it.  None of the boys recognized the breed of bird.  Then Jimmy remembered he came across a book on Ornithology in the library.  
“Denny, there’s a book on birds in the library, I will be right back.” Jimmy raced off to the library and found the book where he has seen it on the shelf. He entered the dining room and place the book on the end of the long table nearest the mural. He didn’t think it was a common bird to this region, so guessing he went to the section on tropical birds first. Sure, enough he found the bird after flipping a dozen pages on tropical birds.  He brought the book up to the mural and compared the bird on the mural to the ones in the book. “it’s a King fisher, though the nest is not that of the King Fisher or are the eggs.”
Jake sorted it out. “if the eggs do not belong to the King Fisher nor the nest, then the riddle must have led us to the King Fisher not the eggs. The King Fisher is our link.  We have “J” linked to Turquoise, and a King Fisher.  Roger write down King Fisher linked to “J” and Turquoise.”
The next line in the riddle is “What is not an animal, nor an insect, or a plant, yet the most abundant mineral.” Roger reminded the boys. Off in the sitting room a Grandfather clock chimed off 12 times. Reminding the boys is was Midnight. They all decided to sleep on the third line of the riddle.  Tomorrow they could get together in the morning and work on that line with fresher brains.  Denny turned off the lights in the Dining room, Jimmy went to the library, Jake to the Tv room and made sure the popcorn machine was off, turned the lights off as he left the Tv room.  Charley turned the lights off in the sitting room.  The light on the banister post was always left on, at the foot of the stairs leading up to the second floor. Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger said goodnight to the Twins, Jake, and Denny, then headed to their third-floor rooms.  Jimmy and Ricky said goodnight to Roger as he Roger headed down the hall to his room. Turned the hallway lights off and entered his room for the night. The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club fell asleep with dreams of animals, insects, and plants.


Chapter 8
The Boat house clock


Jimmy awakes earlier than he expected too, showered and dresses.  He quietly leaves the suite not to wake Ricky in his room.  Walking down to the second floor he passed through the hall with light steps, and downstairs to the library.  Something was bothering him.  His sleep was disturbed with fleeting images that he couldn’t grasp clearly in his mind.  It has something to do with the riddle. Entering the library, he stood there, and let his eyes roam from the left of the entrance around the room back to his right at the door. He repeated the process slower this time from the right to the left. Clearing his mind from any stray thoughts. Then his head stopped and focused on the mineral chart on the wall, he had seen yesterday in the library. It registered what he was seeing in his dreams those foggy images, they were fleeting, there then suddenly gone.  Jimmy walked over to the chart and took a closer look over each picture on it. He recalled the third line in the riddle “What is not an animal, nor an insect, nor a plant, but the most abundant mineral.” Jimmy read each brief description under  each mineral listed once, then reread again until he caught the words, “Quartz is the most abundant mineral to be found.” That’s it Jimmy yelled.
“Jimmy, what is it?” Aunt Nellie asked, she was standing at the library door.
“Sorry, Aunt Nellie, didn’t mean to shout.  I was in the library yesterday saw something interesting.  Last night I couldn’t remember what it was.  I kept dreaming about it but couldn’t catch hold of it. I got up early and came back down to the library looking for it. I found it, I guess I got excited and shouted.  I didn’t wake you up Aunt Nellie?” Jimmy asked.
“No, Jimmy, early to bed, early to rise, I have got seven boys to feed 3 meals a day.” Aunt Nellie rhyming. “Why don’t you run upstairs, and wake those sleeping beauties up. I have Blueberry pancakes to make and Turkey Bacon to fry.”
“Thank you, Aunt Nellie”. Jimmy left the library and raced upstairs, first knocking on the Twins door hollering, “Wake up Twins, Aunt Nellie making Pancakes for breakfast and Bacon.” Repeating the message at Jake, and Denny’s room. Then flew up the stairs, to wake Roger, then Ricky in their Suite.
The boys rushed through their showers and dressed.  By the time Aunt Nellie had Two stacks of Blueberry pancakes and bacon on the table.  The boys, where walking in the kitchen.  Jimmy was already at the table diving in on the Pancakes.
“Hey Jimmy boy, save that stack of Blueberry Pancakes for me.” Charley teased Jimmy.
Aunt Nellie stood there at the stove, spatula in hand. “Charley, I might remind you that the “Early Bird gets the worm” you lazy child.
“Aunt Nellie, I don’t want worms to eat, Charley bird gets, Blueberry Pancakes.” Charley teased. Sat down next to Jimmy and swiped a pancake of Jimmy’s plate.
“Hey, Aunt Nellie,” Jimmy complained.  “Charley bird just stole my pancake.”
“Jimmy, just leave that DooDoo bird alone, and he will go away.” Aunt Nellie told Jimmy.
Roy piped up, “DooDoo bird, more like a Platypus.  Look at that bill of his and the way he’s scooping up that pancake.” 
“Now Roy, what have I told you about pointing out you Twins, deformities.  He can’t help it if he looks like that.” Aunt Nellie teased right back.  “Though I thinks  it more like the shape of a snow shovel the way he scooping up that pancake.”
Charley, spit out a mouth full of pancakes, laughing.
“Hey, now he is a baboon spitting at you Roy.” Denny laughed.
“Okay you three,” Aunt Nellie getting serious.  “The comedy hour has ended.  Sorry Charley, I love that bill of yours, even if it is the size of a shovel.  Just leave some pancakes for Roy, he is your identical twin after all.”
“Oh, that hurt Aunt Nellie.” Roy complained.
“Aunt Nellie scores a touchdown.” Jake shouted at the table.
“Jake, this quarterback always scores a touchdown when she plays against the Twins.” Aunt Nellie told Jake. “Seriously, eat you pancakes before they get cold. Plenty of Bacon to go around. After breakfast I want you to bring down any dirty clothes from your rooms, I will be doing laundry.  Make sure your pants pockets are empty. Make sure you beds are made up and any towels from your bath hung up to dry.  If you room needs sorting out, sort it out. We might be on vacation, but this lodge has no young pretty upstairs maid to wait hand and foot on you.” Aunt Nellie told the boys.
“Aunt Nellie, who needs an upstairs maid when we have a lovely Aunt to wait hand and foot on us.” Denny complemented Aunt Nellie.
“Thank you, Denny, you sweet child. I am still not going to clean your room.” Aunt Nellie told Denny.
The boys laughed at Denny.  Jimmy said, “Good try Denny, next time add a bit more sugar to your compliment. Women like flowering compliments, they will melt in your hands like butter.”
“I heard that Jimmy.  What women like me like best, is having the boys in this lodge stop buttery up this old lady, with flattery. Put your money were your words are and I will clean your rooms for you. Though I don’t climb stairs, do windows, toilets, and make beds.” Aunt Nellie admonished the boys.
“Ouch, another touchdown for Aunt Nellie.” Jake shouted, “Game over boys. Time to go to our rooms with our tails between our legs.” Jake added.  The boys finished breakfast, helped Aunt Nellie clean up and do dishes. Then went to their rooms to do their housekeeping, when that was done, they brought down their laundry to the laundry room off the back foyer, where they went out to the backyard to help Mr. Jones set up the garden terrace with lawn chairs and tables.  When that was finished, they retired to the Tv room to pick up where they left off last night with their brainstorming on the playroom riddle.
***

Denny asked Roger to recap on what clues they found last night.  Roger took a folded sheet of paper out of his hip pocket and read off the clues so far.  “Let’s see, Charley discovered the first line of the riddle to be the color Turquoise, which he then retrieved a Turquoise stone from the rock collection, under stone was the letter “J”.  Second in the Dining room where the second line in the riddle directed us, to a mural painted on the wall of birds and bird nests with eggs in them. The nest with the Sky-Blue eggs then let us to the King Fisher. We decided the clue was King Fisher.  We are now at the Third line of the riddle which is “What is not an animal, nor an insect, nor a plant, but the most abundant mineral.”  That is where we left off last night.” Roger explained.
“Okay, anyone have an ideal on what that means.” Denny asked the boys.
Jimmy spoke up. “I thought about it all night, couldn’t sleep, kept having this foggy memory of something I saw here in the Lodge. Eventually I fell asleep dreaming of various images that kept fading in and out of my vision, until one thing came clear, books. That’s when I remembered that I had been in the library yesterday afternoon browsing through the shelves and looking at the posters on the wall. I got up early and went down to the library.  Looking around I then remembered what it was in my dream I was seeing. There is a poster on the wall in the library that is a chart of Minerals.  Pictures of iron ore, copper, gold, silver, and other minerals. I read every description under each picture until I found the one that said this mineral was the most abundant common mineral found around the world.  It’s Quarts.” Jimmy announced.
“Well, we would know about quartz better than most people would, having found one of the largest Geodes around in Jimmy’s Wood’s.” Denny said, then added, “Roger add that to the list. We have Turquoise, the Letter “J”, King Fisher, Quarts. Does anyone have a clue how they are linked?
The boys sat there for an hour going over possible links between the clues but couldn’t come up with any that tied them together.  Jake decided why don’t we take a break and go swimming.  We haven’t been to the beach, about the only place that we haven’t seen. Maybe, just maybe there’s a clue there like what we found in three rooms here at the lodge. Worth a try, and I am itching to have my first swim in one of the Great Lakes. The boy agreed asking Aunt Nellie if she could through a picnic basket together to take down to the beach. They would have their lunch down there. The raced up to their rooms and grabbed their swim trunks, and towels. Meet back down in the kitchen to help Aunt Nellie but together cold cut sandwiches, chips, soda’s, and a box of cookies.  Aunt Nellie came up with 4 large beach blankets she had discovered in the laundry room.  Jake found the boathouse keys, pavilion key, and the pumphouse key where they turned the power on to the boat house and pavilion, picked up a large bucket of ice on their way to the beach. With four boys carrying a blanket each, Jake the ice bucket, Roger the picnic basket, and Jimmy the 12-pack soda. With the map in hand, they followed the correct trail to the  beach. On the trail they noticed that it was also lighted so coming back to the lodge after night wouldn’t be so scary. The trail let them though a stand of old Pine and tree’s older then in Jimmy’s Woods. When they passed the Portable John, they came up onto the Sandy beach behind the pavilion.  
The pavilion was a rustic structure up on stilts some 8 feet at the edge of the woods. The boat house was on large ponton floats half on the beach and half in the water.  Much like house boat would look like. It was much larger than the boat house back at the twins place. The boys climbed up to the pavilion and unlocked the door.  Put their ice in the ice chest and soda’s to chill. They check out the dressing rooms, 3 small closets large enough have a bench, hooks for clothes and dress in your swim trunks. A fourth door was a storage closet with beach equipment for setting up a volley ball net, Beach umbrellas and folding half chairs that sat flat on the sand.  The bar had glasses, and a fresh supply of paper plates, napkins, and plastic silverware. It had an empty liquor cabinet with brandy glasses, tumblers, Wine glasses and accessories you would find in wet bar.  The  outside deck surrounded 2/3 the pavilion from the stairs to the front facing the beach.  The caretaker had set up umbrella tables chairs, and reclining beach chairs around the deck.  It could accommodate 20 guests on the deck and at least 10 inside the pavilion once you slide the doors opening up the pavilion.  The boys took turns in the dressing rooms to change to their swim trunks. 
When everyone was in trunks, they headed to the boat house. When Jake unlocked the boat house the boys didn’t expect want, they found inside. With the boat house on ponton’s it was much like a Triple bay  garage where at one end was a garage door that closed all the way down into the water.  When opened it would allow the two watercrafts inside to be driven backwards outside with their outboard motors. The Boat house had a walkway on each side of the bay, with a front area large enough to store boat equipment, fishing gear, and the buoys and float line used to mark off the swimming area.  The speedboat was a vintage 1940 Chris Craft, 19-foot custom Runabout Barrel back classic wooden boat with inboard engines, in pristine shape. It put to shame the fishing skiff that floated alongside her. The Chris Craft was Christened “O’Tomas Folly.”  Upon close instructions Denny found a note taped to the steering wheel.  Denny read the note aloud.
“Denny isn’t she a beauty, I regret that she has too much horsepower under her hood for boys who have no experience with such a boat.  I promise you to take your boys for a ride soon before you head back home.  The fishing skiff is more to your liking suitable for river or lake, though Lake Michigan isn’t just an ordinary inland lake. I will take you boys out to check how you can handle her, just off shore for some fishing.  She is not best for deep water as the lake can get a bit wild at times. Enjoy your swim.  Mind the drop off, and the water can be a bit cold at first. Oh, in case you’re thinking about asking me. The O’Tomas Folly” is valued at 85 grand when last appraised. Make sure you locked the boat house when you leave. Signed Mr. Jones.” All the boys whistled at the 85 grand price tag.  Denny was getting to realize just how much his inheritance really was.
The boys left the boat for the beach, Jake locking up behind him. The last few days had been hot even for the U.P. so the boys expected the water to be warmer than usual. The boys discovered that warmer than usual meant just a tad above cold.  The Rainbow Stream back home might have been fed by an underground spring, Lake Michigan in these part was like swimming in ice. With a few false starts the boys bodies adjusted to the cold water which had to be around 60 degrees’ where in the Apply river you could expect 80-degree water. They spent no more than 20 minutes in the water, though it was refreshing.  On the beach the sun warmed the icicle off the boys as they laid in the sun on beach blankets.  When thoroughly warmed up, the boys returned to the pavilion to have lunch. They sat under umbrella tables or lounged in deck chairs with idle chat about taking a ride in the Chris Craft or giving their hand at fishing in the skiff off shore. 
Charley said, “This as to be the best summer adventure we have taken so far. Relaxing like zillionaire’s on the French Riviera sipping pink Champagne and getting drunk.”
“Charley boy, I think you’re getting drunk on grape soda that’s not Champagne and this isn’t the French Riviera. I don’t see no bikini clad girls on the beach, or my butler serving me Caviar.” Roy said.
“You can have your butler and Rotten fish eggs Roy boy, I’ll take the bikini clad girls instead.” Charley joked.
“Well, this might not be the Riviera, but its heaven to me” Said Ricky.
“Now there’s the truth Ricky,” said Denny. At that moment in the pavilion a clock chimed once. A half hour later it chimed once again.
“That’s weird that clock must be broken,” Jake said.  That’s the second time it chimed just once. It’s got to be later then One O’clock anyways.” Jake got up from his deck chair and went into pavilion to look for that clock. When he found it, he called for the boys to come and take a look at the clock. They all gathered around the clock. Both hands of the clock was stuck on “Ten”.
“You don’t think it’s our fourth clue do you. “When the time is right, when the clock strikes but once, what time is it?” Ricky recited.
The Twins answered the question together. “It’s 10 O’clock.”
***

The boys packed up picnic basket with left over soda and dumped the ice chest. Shook up the sand from their beach blankets, folded them.  Jake rechecked the boat house to sure it was locked. Roger and Jimmy closed down the pavilion. With everything tidied up left for the lodge with their swim trunks on, and clothes tucked under their arms. They found Aunt Nellie out on the Garden terrace sound asleep in a lounge chair.  The quietly went into the lodge put the basket back into the kitchen, went to their rooms to change clothes. Afterwards they met back in the tv room.  Roger added 10 O’clock to the list.
Something stood out to Jimmy when Roger listed the clues again. “Denny, I think that should be just a number 10 not the time.  If you take the first letter of King, Quartz, and put them  with the letter J you get J,K,Q,10, in that order of when we solved the puzzle of each line in the riddle so far. 
“Now what is the next clue Roger?” Denny asked.
“When lost, what finds your way home?” Roger said. Charley said a Compass, Roy said a Map, Jimmy said the Stars.
“Those are too easy to be our answer.” Said Roger then added, “What else boys, what does Compass, Map and Stars have in common.
“Latitude and Altitude, lines on map, or globe to give you your position anywhere on earth.  They originated from sailors who used the stars to navigate, and explorer on land by using the stars also.” Jake said.
Alright Denny said, “Latitude and Altitude, sounds good to me,  but which one fits the list. Latitude or Altitude, I don’t think both are the answers.  Remember the riddle spoke of confusion and so far, each line of the Riddle has led us to at least two possible answers.”
“Altitude” said Ricky.  The letter A add that to J K Q 10 then A in that order.  Denny’s right about confusing us. The last line of the Riddle is “Confused, what is the beginning could be the end, or the middle of a whim. One leads to the other” if the order to which we found the clues is  out of order, then we need to sort out which order J K Q 10 and A should go in.” Ricky explained.
“Cards.” Said Roger, “Ace, King, Queen, Jack , 10,  of the same suit is a royal flush. Ricky what color would you say the velvet on the poker table in the game room is?” Roger asked Ricky.
“Of course, Turquoise and on the velvet are the images of Ace’s, King’s, Queen’s, Jack’s, and 10’s.  All in groups of each suite, Hearts, Spades, Clubs, and Diamonds. Everything links to the Poker Table.” Ricky told the boys.
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club raced to the Games room and settled around the table. “Now what?” said Roy.
Denny said one of the cards representing the Ace, or the King, or Queen, or Jack and 10 must have a next answer. The Table is 8 sided for 8 players. Each of you pick a seat and set down to examine the imprints of the royal flush in front of you.  Somewhere on the Ace, King, Queen, Jack and 10 is our answer, five cards so it be five of the 40 cards printed on the velvet.”
“But which one of the five, its more confusing to make this harder to solve.” Jake said.
“Wait.” Said Roger we forgot the last line, “What is hidden, yet in plain sight, knock and it shall be revealed”.
“We have 40 cards in plain sight that match the answers so far. So, what is hidden?” Charley said.
“Everyone feel the card, maybe there are marked like a marked deck, with a Dipple or raised dot.” Jake suggested.
The seven boys at the table felt each card, Denny next to the empty seat, felt the cards at that seat.  They went over the cards four times and found nothing. Jake got excited, “Knock”, the line in the riddle said “knock and it shall be revealed. Just one of us, the rest listen to what you hear. Denny  knock on each card around the table.  I suspect that maybe under the right cards are hollow chambers. We should be able to hear the hollow sound.  Roger, keep note of which card and suite is touched.” Jake asked Roger.
Denny stood and started where he had been sitting. He figured it would be 5 cards out of 40.  One by one he knocked on his five. The Queen at his spot sounded hollow he check it one more time knocking on each card. The boys all agreed that the Queen at Denny’s seat was allow.  Denny moved around the table knocking on each set of cards going from left to right.  The next set he found no hollow card. The third chair he found the Ace was hollow. Roger makes that spot on the diagram he had drawn of the table on the tally board at the dart board with chalk. The 4th seat the 10 was hollow. At the 5th seat the King was hollow.  At the 6th seat Denny found no hollow card. The 7th seat the Jack was hollow. The 8th no hollow card. Seat 1 was the Queen, Seat 3 was the Ace, Seat 4 was the 10, Seat 5 was the King, seat 7 was the Jack.
Denny asked, “Jimmy take seat 1, Roger seat 3, Jake seat 4, Charley seat 5, and Ricky take seat 7.  Went I say go, I want you to push gently down on your card all at the same time.  Let’s see what happens. Put Two fingers on the card.  Ready, go.” Each boy at the table pushed on the same spot at the same time.  Nothing happened.  Then Denny suggested that from left to right to push one card at a time.  The Queen recessed, but the next card in line did not nor did the others.  Denny said it was a combination like on a safe.  The queen was the first number in the combination. Like a safe combination you go either left to right, or right to left. Since Jimmy’s did work, we go right to Ricky next, then left for Roger, Right to Charley, then left  for Jake. Let’s do it that  order. Jimmy, then Ricky, then Roger, then Charley, last Jake, took there turns pressing down. In that order  the boys tried it. each card like a button pressed,  locked in place an inch below the surface. Then to the right of each boy where the image of a numbered chip were  a button popped up. The 1-dollar value, the 5-dollar value, the 10-dollar value, the 25-dollar value, and last the 50-dollar value. None of 100-dollar value chips popped up.
“Now what.” said Roy, “we have now 5 new buttons to push and in what order. The lowest to the highest or the highest to the lowest. Maybe we need to push the button at the same time, I think at this stage we get the wrong order we might be locked out.” 
Roger spoke up, we are forgetting the last lines of the Riddle, “What is the beginning could be the end, or the middle of a whim, one leads to the other.  All along we have found that the answers we  found were not in the right order. So lowest to highest or highest to lowest.  Left to right, back to left, back to right, back to left worked, but it will not work this time, nor will low to high or high to low. The last words say, “One leads to the other.” One as in all at once, we push the five buttons all at once.” Roger suggested. 
That is just want they did. The five boys at the table put the palm of their hands over their button.  When Denny said go, at the same time they palmed the buttons.  Now in the center of the table was a circle and in that circle was the image of chips in a pile. There started a whirring, then a whizzing, and a clanking clockwork gears moving. Then in the center of the Poker table that circle rose up revealing a metal canister it stopped six inches above the table then the top of the canister popped up and a scroll popped into view.  No one moved for what seemed like hours but was only a few minutes before Denny reach over the table and pulled the scroll out. Then the whirring and whizzing and clanking clockwork gears started moving and the canister withdrew into the center of the table.  The buttons disappeared the cards popped back up.  The poker table was as it was before, a poker table. 
Denny took the scroll over to the billiard table, it was stiff and yellowed from age, when he tried to untie the ribbon around it. The  brittle ribbon broke apart. The scroll being stiff just sat there uncurling only partly opened then stopped. Jake warned Denny not to force it open or it would  like the ribbon it break apart. Jake suggested that they needed to put the scroll  somewhere where it could get high humidity to loosen up the scroll so it could gradually uncurl.  Then a heavy book to press it down so that it would stay uncurled. Jake explained he once saw a program on TV where a specialist in restorations of old documents and scroll used humidity to soften off old paper, vellum, and brittle hides of an animal. Applying direct steam would water soak a paper artifact and ruin it.  They would place the scroll in a chamber where they could control the humidity. Jake said. “We would need to come up with a way to soften this scroll slowly, so we can uncurl it and not damage it”
***

“Jake, you been to town, is there a place you noticed where we can get a Cold vaporizer or Mister. A hardware, better yet a drugstore.” Denny asked.
“Thompson a small town, but like home it has a large outlying community of summer folk and full-time folk.  I spotted a small shopping center with a drug store and a what looked like an all-purpose store like a dollar store.  Hey, I remember seeing a video store too.  I could ask Aunt Nellie if she wouldn’t mind if I took us all into town to look the place over do some shopping, find some post cards to send back home. We have time before diner.  I am sure we can find a mister that would work. I did spot a Pizza place at that shopping center, I could suggest to Aunt Nellie I could pick up a couple of pizza, save her from cooking tonight.” Jake suggested.
Jake went to find Aunt Nellie in the library reading. “Aunt Nellie, the boys suggested they would like to go into town to look around.  I could pick up a couple of Pizza’s and you wouldn’t have to labor over a hot stove.  You could relax and enjoy sometime to yourself.  The twins want to find some postcards to send back home.”
“Now Jake that sounds great, no reasons why you boys can’t go out for a little while.  I hadn’t thought of what to fix for dinner yet, so a pizza sounds great.  You been to town, so you know how to get back.  I found a good book here and relaxing sounds like the best thing for these old bones of mine. Mind you don’t get lost now. Make sure the one of the boys have a cell phone with them. Mr. Jones phone number is on a card on the tray by the front door, grab it in case you have a reason to call.  He has an intercom system to the lodge from the cottage so he can contact me if needed. Tell the boys to enjoy themself, be back by 6 okay.” Aunt Nellie went back to her reading.
Jake gathered the boys together and told them to make sure they have their spending money.  Each boy had been given a preloaded debit card by Aunt Nellie so they could have spending morning. Denny was given charge of a debit card for Lodge expenses, and Jake had a gas card for the Ford. The boys loaded themselves up in the Expedition and went cruising. Jake had no trouble finding the shopping mall. First, they stopped at the Drugstore and sure enough they had a cold mister that would do the trick for them.  They told the druggist it was for Aunt Nellie. Next, they went to the video store and purchased a movie they wanted to see. They drove around town for a while, but nothing interested them.  Roger did spot the local Library and the sign outside that gave it’s hours of operation. Jake stopped at the Pizzeria  at the shopping center, and order one large cheese pizza, and a Large Pepperoni Pizza with bread sticks. While it was being prepared and baked.  They stepped next door to a local newsstand & book store and picked out some postcards.  Charley found a favorite magazine that Aunt Nellie liked to read. It was the latest edition that came out just yesterday.  He bought that for Aunt Nellie.  Denny noticed a book on the history of Thompson Historical Homes, and lodges in the area.  He browsed through it and found a chapter on the Copper Ore Lodge with several pictures depicting the lodge in its hay day, and listed some the notable guest lodged their?  Denny purchased the book for the Lodge library.  They returned to the Pizzeria picked up the pies and headed back to the lodge.
They spent an enjoyable meal of Pizza, bread sticks, Soda, and Aunt Nellie surprised them with Ice cream for dessert. With very little dishes to do, Aunt Nellie retired to her room with her new magazine.  The boys retrieved the Mister from the car and set it up in Denny’s room. They decided some kind of rack could be set over the mister and the scroll on top.  Roger remembered he spotted a drying rack in the laundry room that had a webbing on top for laying delicate or sweaters on. It had adjustable legs, so it could fit above the mister at the right height.  Roger ran off to get the rack, while Jake read up on the mister, how to fill it with water.  It had a control you could adjust to the flow of mist coming out. Roger arrived with the drying rack in no time they had the mister and rack set up in the bathroom.  Denny figured that they could in stages raise the rack up every 10 minutes of misting at a lowest level possible without being to directly in touch of the mister. Then raise up as it started to uncurl, then at its highest level allow the scroll to uncurl overnight.  The mister would turn off automatically when the water tank was empty after an hour on high mist and on low could go for four hours.  They started on high for 10 minutes, then adjusted the rack higher and set the mister to medium mist, after another 10 minutes, they set the rack to its highest level and turn the mister to its lowest misting until it stopped.  The mist was a fine mist a nearly invisible vapor pouring over the scroll.  The boys sat in Denny’s room speculating on what the scroll was.  Was it a treasure Map, or an ancient deed to property? Ricky wondered if it was a lost will and testament of someone’s unclaimed estate. Charley joked that it could be ancient recipe for Chicken soup. He got slapped with Denny’s bed pillow by Roy.  Twenty minutes later upon inspection of the scroll the boys saw it had uncurled more than it was when Denny broke the ribbon off it. Denny set the mister to low, and raised the drying rack to its full height, and the scroll to uncurl the rest of the way.  The boys left for the game room to play billiards, and ping pong and a game of Gin Rummy at the poker table. Sitting down at the table, Ricky noticed that one of the 100 chip makers had popped up.  He pointed it out to Denny.
“I wonder what this button does Denny.” Ricky asked
“You know I think it’s a reset button to reset the combination system so you can reuse it again.” Turning to Roger, “did you write down all the details on each move we took to open up the center chamber?”
Yes, I did Denny, so we shouldn’t have any trouble accessing that canister again. I have my notes upstairs in my dresser.  Maybe I should find a safer place for it later Denny.”
“You do that Roger. We might have  need of our little secret safe here.  Hey, who’s dealing first here? Not you Charley you somehow manage to stack the deck in your favor every time we play.” Denny complained.
“No, I don’t Denny the Menace, I can’t help it I am lucky at cards.”
“Lucky is right,  you haven’t got caught cheating yet.” Roy accused Charley.
“Hey, are we here to play cards or complain I am a better card shark then you Roy.” Charley snapped back.
“You see boys, he admits he is a cheating card shark.” Roy told the boys.
“Why I never.” Before Charley could finish the boys shouted.
“Play fair.”


Chapter 9 
A Secret is Revealed


It is the later that night, the boys have gone to bed except Denny, he is working on the scroll.  The mister has done its job and the scroll is completely uncurled with just a few corners sticking up. He has put away the mister and removed the drying rack from the bathroom. On the table in his bedroom, he has placed out a sheet of wax paper where he will lay the scroll on gently smoothing it out.  It is not paper, but what they call rag paper, a process of where cotton linters or shredded used cloth is immersed in 50% water and 50% rags then in a blender. Placed in a press to get a flat paper. When dry it is a durable paper that can last a 100 years or more, without deterioration. Many archival  important documents are printed on rag paper.  The mister has soften up the fibers so now Denny needs to let the scroll dry under a flat book acting as a press. When dry the scroll will not roll up retaining its original flat shape. The bottom layer of the wax paper will prevent the paper sticking to the table surface, and second sheet of wax paper on top will prevent the book from damage as well. The scroll has been moisten and the writing on it unclear, but the ink is not smeared or running so it must be water proof, India Ink?  Very durable black ink. When the scroll is dried Denny is hoping the ink will be less transparent.  If not, Denny will take a picture of the scroll on his tablet, then do an inverted negative copy of the scroll that will make white black and black, white. The writing will stand out on the photo. Denny has finished this last step and has gone to bed.
Morning came to lodge, with Aunt Nellie screaming. “Get off that table you darn cat and put down the sausage link.” Mr. Noodles had invaded the lodge again.  Aunt Nellie was busy at the stove with hash browns when she sense a motion behind her.  When she turned around thinking it was one of the boys sneaking up on her, she spotted Mr. Noodles on the table clawing at a Banger on a platter where a dozen and a half Banger’s rested. He had snagged one when Aunt Nellie screamed. The Twins, and Denny know that Aunt Nellies screams can wake the dead. As she puts it. It is the scream of a banshee an Irish fairy who’s scream is believed to be an omen of death. Aunt Nellie’s scream will put you in your grave and at the same time wake you up.  It did just that waking Charley and Roy up. The Twins knew that scream, in their Pj’s they raced down to the kitchen to see, Aunt Nellie swinging a broom at Mr. Noodles who was on his second banger. Now for my readers a brief note here, A banger is what in America is a sausage, usually served with mash potatoes in Ireland and Great Britain. 
Mr. Noodles managed to avoid the broom, how he did not dropped dead after Aunt Nellies scream of the Banshee, well as we know, “A cat has nine lives”.  Mr. Noodles ducked out of kitchen and into the pantry with his banger in his mouth. When Charley and Roy tried to corner him in the pantry, they couldn’t find Mr. Noodles. They searched high and low, behind bins of  onions and potatoes on the floor. Behind sacks of flour, sugar and rice, large canisters on the shelfs.  No sign of Mr. Noodles. Roy asked Charley if it was possible that Mr. Noodles had reversed course and fled through their legs as they entered the pantry unnoticed by them and Aunt Nellie. They left the pantry to report there was no sign of the cat, he must have got past them unnoticed.  By now he was gone from the lodge through his mysterious bolt hole.  
Denny entered the kitchen groggy eyed, wiping his crusty eye’s, “I thought I heard Aunt Nellie scream?”
“That you did Denny, I caught that darn cat on the table snagging my Bangers. You boys have got to find that bolt hole, or I will have a serious talk with Mr. Jones. Now a cat lounging around the house is one thing, I’ll not have an animal on my table eating my bangers behind my back. That cheeky cat, never once asked he could have one.  Just snuck up on that table went fishing without a please and thank you. Thank Saint Patty, you boys have better manners then that.  Now upstairs with you and get dressed. I got to put more Bangers on the stove.  As Charley and Roy passed the table, they both snagged a banger each, behind Aunt Nellies back. Aunt Nellie heard a Please and Thank you as they went out the door.
The twins heard Aunt Nellie cursing. “I’ll skin those darn cats if they are at my Bangers again behind my back. Your welcome boys.” The twins made a quick exit up the stairs.
When the boys were settled at the breakfast table Aunt Nellie temper mellowed again.  She had added more Bangers to her platter, and presented a platter of hash browns, fresh muffins, and Milk. After breakfast, the boys did another search of the lodge keeping in mind that the lodge had already revealed a few secrets of its own.  Mr. Noodles had his own. They sadly reported to Aunt Nellie still no bolt hole to be found.  There came a knock at the back door, Jake answered it expecting it to be Mr. Jones. Instead, it was a boy around his age, dark hair, brown eyes, a square chin, about an inch shorter then Jake. He wore faded jeans, canvas beach shoes incased in wet sand. He introduced himself. 
“Hello, I am Julius Rosenberg, Margret’s Son from the Meet and Eat diner.”
“Hello, your Mother mentioned she had a son my age the first night we arrived in Thompson and sstoped at the diner. I’m Jake Lake, would you like to come in Julius?”  
“Please call me Caesar, it’s what my buddies call me.” Caesar entered the mudroom.
“Mind the wet sand, Aunt Nellie won’t like it if you track it through the lodge, there’s a boot brush over there by the bench. We are in the kitchen just finishing up breakfast, I’ll introduce you to Aunt Nellie, and the boys.”  Jake escorted Caesar to the Kitchen and made his introduction. “Everyone this is Julius Rosenberg, his Mother is Margret from the Meet and Eat diner we met the first night in town.  His buddies call him Caesar.  Which he prefers. Caesar that sturdy Irish women over there at the stove is Nellie McKelly, she prefers to be called Aunt Nellie by all.  She’s the Aunt of the twins over there, Charley, and Roy, that is Denny McKelly, the twins cousin, and Aunt Nellies his guardian.  Denny’s father was Richard O’Tomas.  Denny’s the new heir of the O’Tomas estate, and owner of the Lodge now.  Now that is Roger Wilks over there next to Denny, over there is Jimmy Walker and his foster brother Ricky Radameyer. Roger, Jimmy, Ricky, and I are friends to the twins and Denny. Let’s see, did I forget someone, oh that is Mr. Noodles sneaking out of the pantry, the caretaker’s cat.  Quick Twins catch that cat.” Jake hollered. 
The Twins dashed off in the direction of the game room spotting Mr. Noodles diving under the saloon doors. When they arrived, the cat was nowhere to be found again.  Aunt Nellie cursed again. “That cats got to be a fairy changeling to disappear like that. Did I tell you boys about the time I saw a changeling in my Grandfather’s castle when I was just a wee lass.” Charley interrupted Aunt Nellie.
Aunt Nellie we have a guest, I am sure he would love to hear one of your Wild and Woolley stories, maybe another time.”
“Oh, my I am forgetting my manners. Caesar would you like a Banger, there is still a muffin left, maybe some milk with that muffin?” Offered Aunt Nellie .
“Wants a Banger, Aunt Nellie,” Caesar asked.
“Well, I do forget where I am sometimes.  In Ireland, a Banger is a sausage. Most popular with mash potatoes, but the boys prefer hash browns for breakfast.” Aunt Nellie explained to Caesar.
“I will pass Aunt Nellie, I did have a big breakfast at the diner, mother loves to load my plate up, say’s I’m a growing boy, got a few more inches to go before I’m a man.” Caesar said.
“Most Mothers are like that Caesar.” Aunt Nellie said then added, “What do we owe the pleasure of you visit today Caesar.” Asked Aunt Nellie.
“I came to see the boys, Aunt Nellie, Mother suggested I should meet them. I’m sort of new around here myself. I live with my Father during the school year, then with my Mother and stepdad in the summer. Mother bought the Diner last summer, so this is my second summer up here.  With school out its hard-making friends when you a summer kid.” Caesar told Aunt Nellie.
“Well Caesar your welcomed anytime, Boys why don’t you show Caesar around the lodge.  I’ll finish up the kitchen duties, then get on that laundry that stills needs doing.” Aunt Nellie shooed the boys out.
Denny took the lead, being the Landlord of the lodge, in showing Caesar the place.  After the tour, the boys retired to the Tv room where they sat around talking to Caesar, asked where he hailed from.  What grade he was in.  Caesar told the boys he just turned 16 and will be a Sophomore this fall. He wasn’t interested in sports, he played the Keyboard, was fairly good on the drums, and was learning the saxophone.  His Father was the Dean of Music at the University.  He told the boy’s his parents divorced when he was 14, on grounds of incompatibility, when in reality it was about Father spending more time at the university then at home. Mother bought the diner, then met a local guy and remarried.  Father is still married to his music.
Charley asked Caesar, “Why don’t you stay with your Mother year-round Caesar.”  
“Charley, I love my Mother, but I also love my music too.  Father and I get along because we share the same interest though Father’s background is in Classical music, While I prefer Jazz and the Blues. Father and I can have some knock out discussion on the subject why the Classics are a dying breed, and  Jazz is too young to be called classical.  It’s about the only time we see each other.  Don’t get me wrong Father encourages my music.  He thinks I should follow in his footsteps as a scholar in music then striving to make a living playing Jazz and Blues in seedy dives. Mother on the other hand loves Jazz and the Blues, so does my stepfather.”
“Sounds like you find yourself in a constant battle with mixed emotions.” Jake stated.
“That I do Jake.” Caesar said.
“Well, you found the right bunch of boys here at the lodge, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.”
“What is the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club” Caesar asked.
Jimmy answered him “We were the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, Five, we became the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, Six last summer when Jake was inducted into the group, then the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club Seven when Ricky joined the group last month. We are sort of a social club who just manages to have all kinds of adventures and solving mysteries. Rescuing each other out of trouble. The Twins Father is the local County Sheriff back home, and their Mom is a pediatrician, owns her own clinic and Hospital. My Mother is the owner of an Inn that’s been around for decades in her family.  Roger’s father is the head librarian and administrator of the public library, and Jake is what you call a First son of the community. His parents own most of the rental properties in town, and his great, great, great Grandfather founded Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Ricky is an orphan, now my Foster brother.  Aunt Nellie actually is the Twins, and Denny’s great, great Aunt.  She the heiress of three Irish family fortunes, been around the world at least 3 times and owns a castle in Ireland. She is also the chief bottle washer and cook for the Twins parents, and Denny.” 
“Denny, can I tell him.” Denny nodded yes.  “Denny’s Father witnessed a New York City crime boss murder someone 14 years ago, then his Father left town to protect his pregnant wife, Denny’ Mother.  Two years ago, she was murdered by a man who was hired by the crime boss. The murderer’s partner kidnapped Denny last summer, all in an effort to find his missing father to tie up loose ends.  The Twins Father, the FBI, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club where instrumental in putting the murderer, the partner, and the crime boss in prison for life. After that Denny learned that his Father died several years ago, a homeless man with no identity, still hiding out from the crime boss. His Fathers parents had died shortly after not knowing their son died but did know he had a son. Well DNA evidence played a major role in linking the murderer to the death of his mother, leading to the identity of the John Doe, and linking Denny to both his Father and his Grandparents. Which led to Denny inheriting the O’Tomas wealth and this lodge.  Aunt Nellie is the trustee of the estate until Denny reaches his age of majority.  That is what the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is in a nutshell today. And why we went through an emotional summer last year.” Jimmy stated.
Caesar was flabbergasted.  Thats how he felt after that narration of last summer’s events. Caesar made a decision, there was something he had to tell the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club. “Listen Denny I have something to tell you that concerns you and this lodge.  The other night when I was at the diner helping Mother with her late-night meet and eat groups as she calls them.  I overheard a conversation that concerns you.  Someone is watching this lodge, I don’t know who, the conversation was in bits and pieces as I did my rounds around the tables. There was something about some guy who was upset you folks moved into the lodge unexpectantly. Then about  something they were looking for.  Then the next time I was near the booth it was talk on how they could scare you folks to leave the lodge.  What I gathered they didn’t know Denny is the owner of the lodge.  They think you are some seasonal renter for the summer.  Mother told me when she suggested I come out here and meet the boys at the lodge, that you where the new owner, Denny.  My Mother is not a gossiper, rule number one at the Diner, staff do not gossip about what patrons say in the diner.  Bad for business she says.” Caesar told the boys. 
“Caesar do you know the people who were in the booth?” Jake asks.
“No. I asked my Mother if they were locals or seasonal renters.  She said seasonal, so unless they are very friendly and forthcoming Mother really doesn’t know Jack from Jill.  She was pleased that Aunt Nellie was so friendly and polite.  So many of the seasonal folk can be a bit closed lipped or down right rude.  Many of our seasonal people are wealthy spoiled jerks.” Sorry Jake.
“Don’t bother me, I was once a spoiled rich jerk, ask the boys how I bullied them mercilessly for years until someone shackled me and bullied me.  I am still rich, but my bullying and being a jerk is behind me now all because of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club saving my life from the person who shackled me.”
“Is there more to these adventures of yours.” Caesar asked.
“Yes, there is, but those are individuals stories to tell by them. If they choose too. For Jake it took courage to tell you even that much Caesar. Some scars just don’t heal until years later. As the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, we are supportive and open minded about other’s Trials and Tribulations, but respect each other’s right for privacy.  We are comfortable with the skin we wear but will fight anyone who don’t like that skin.  Ask Jake.” Jimmy said.
“Caesar,” Denny related, “that first night we arrived and had dinner at the Meet and Eat diner.  While I was in the bathroom, I overhead a cell phone conversation.  Someone was telling someone here at the lodge to get out, the new owners are in town.  I left the bathroom before the guy left the stall to discover me.  Someone in Thompson does know why we are here. After we left the diner, Aunt Nellie was on a phone call to the Lodge caretaker.  Learned that someone had busted through the gate and was in the Lodge.  He called Sheriff Harding, by the time we got there, and Sheriff Harding got there the  intruder was gone. Nothing is missing from the lodge, we took an inventory the next day.  Is it possible there is two groups interested in this lodge?” Denny asked.
“I don’t know Denny, that could be possible a local group and an out-of-town group is interested.  Hey, I don’t mean to be rude, but I got to get going back to the diner.” Caesar explained.
“I can drive you back if you like, Caesar.” Jake offered.
“That’s alright, but no, I have a dingy down on the beach. That’s how I got here. Better this way no one will know I have been here.” Caesar said.
Denny asked. “Will you let us know if you hear any conversations we should know about.  I’ll give you my cell number.  Maybe one of these nights, you can come over and spend the night, Got plenty of guest rooms till open.” 
“Thanks Denny, how about tomorrow night I am not expected to work the diner that night. I’ll take the dingy over late afternoon if you like.” Caesar told Denny.
“That be great, I’ll let Aunt Nellie know to expect one more for diner.  Nothing fancy though.  Jake would you like to show Caesar out and give him my cell number.” Denny asked Jake.
***

“Well, that was interesting, someone wants to scare us out of the lodge.” Charley said  after Jake and Caesar left the room.
Roy added.  “There’s got to be something very valuable in the lodge they want if they are going to try scare tactic to get us to leave the lodge.
Denny jumped up. “The Scroll, I forgot all about it. It had finally uncurled last night before I went to bed. I left it pressed under a book to dry overnight.   Should be safe to handle it now. Let’s go and take a look at it.” The boys met Jake as they left the Tv room, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club headed up to Denny’s room. Denny removed the heavy book from the scroll and removed the top layer of Wax paper from the scroll. Then pealed the scroll from the bottom layer of wax paper.  It was as Denny feared, the ink had faded in the process. Denny explained to the boys what he had to do next.  Getting his tablet out he took a picture of the scroll.  Then in photo shop, he inverted the picture into a negative.  The scroll was now readable. It was a lease.
It started out with. “Let it be known that the 2nd party Giovanni Matteo Francesco or their Heir, of this lease has full ownership of all mineral rights beneath the property known as “The Copper Ore Estate” with-in its boundaries and property lines from this date March 15th, in the year of 1920. To have such mineral rights for the length of 101 years. To pay 10% of the profits earned from the sale of the ore during the length of the lease. It is agreed by both parties that the 2nd party must met four conditions to keep this lease in force. The first party, Joseph Martin O’Tomas, owner of the “Copper Ore Estate” and all lands it sits on as described at the end of this document and said dimensions of this property.  Grant mineral rights under said property as long as the 2nd party, , meets Condition #1; provide legitimacy of Geological survey, Ore Assay, and value of ore found under said property within 30 days of the signing of this agreement by Midnight of April 14th, 1920. When condition #1 is met, the  2nd party agrees to condition #2, that they have until Midnight of September 14, 1921, to start mining said ore in earnest. Failure to meet condition #1, this lease is void and nulled and all mineral right’s revert back to the 1st party, or heirs of the 1st party.” If condition #1 is met in 30 days of the signing of this lease.  Then condition #2 goes into effect, if that condition is not met by Midnight of September 14th, 1921, said lease expires and all rights revert back to any or all heirs of Joseph Martin O’Tomas.  Condition #3 is that the 2nd party agree’ s by end of lease or at time of default of lease to return the property back to its original state at the 2nd parties cost as much as possible giving the nature and type of exploration of ore, and or subsequent mining operations.  Both Parties, and  heirs must present their original copies of the lease by Midnight of March 14th, 2021 to effect condition #4- a one-time extension of 20 years on said lease to the year 2040. If and only if, conditions #1 & #2 have been met to carry the force of this lease to its final irrevocable expiration. Failure to comply to Condition #3 when applicable will result in a fine of 10,000 dollars a week, until Condition #3 has been met to the satisfaction of Joseph Martin O’Tomas or heirs. The 2nd party prior to condition #1 is met yet fail to find a minable ore may exit from any further commitments to the lease with no penalty. If in the event condition #2 has been put in play, the mine plays out, the 2nd party may formally in writing  exit the lease as long as all outstanding lease debt owned  the 1st party and condition #3 has been met satisfactorily.” 
Denny told the boys the rest of the document described the properties size, boundary markers and dimensions of the property registered as such in the local county deeds office.
“Does anyone make any sense out of this lease?” Roger asks. 
“Outside of the 4 conditions mentioned in the lease. It sounds like a standard agreement for a company to explore and if discover any minable mineral.  The company has mining rights to mine that ore during the length of lease at the cost of the company. The company agrees in essence to pay a monthly lease fee.  While the company earns profit minus expenses of operation. Everything above ground belongs to the 1st party.  In this case the original owner Joseph Martin O’Tomas. Joseph O’Tomas makes money off the mining operation without the cost of expenses for  mining the ore himself. My Father has similar commercial leases where the lessee agrees to maintain the property at his cost, while paying a lessor lease fee. This way Dad has more profit without the headache of the overhead cost of being a landlord.” Jake explains.
“Jake, are the 4 conditions loopholes protecting both parties?” Jimmy asks.
“Yes, #1 gives the 2nd party a way out if he doesn’t find any ore, and O’Tomas from fraud. The 2nd condition is a protection for O’Tomas in assuring he gets his 101 years of lease payments, the 3rd condition is to assure the 2nd party returns the property back to its original state regardless of whether neither condition are met.  Four is a way of allowing the 2nd party of extending his lease on a profitable mine without renegotiation of a lease fee.  When you think of 101 years at say 10% of the profits that could be anywhere from say 100,000 dollars a year in lease money or less  and amount 1 million a year in profits for the mining company if that profit was consistent for 101, years about 1 billion dollars.  Realistically I would think a gold mine would play out in a decade or two unless it was the largest mine ever like the size of a large county.” Jake told Jimmy.
“I would question why a 101 one-year lease on the risk of a gold mine playing out a decade later.  Why not a 10-year lease with renewal clauses in it. That doesn’t sound realistic at all.” Ricky said.
“It isn’t.” Jimmy said, “unless it isn’t Gold we are talking about.  I read that one of the oldest continuous salt mines dates back to Alexander the Great and still in operation today. In Chile, there is a copper mine still in existence producing Copper since 1879.  If it is a copper mine we are talking about, then it would have to be very large covering more than the size of Copper Ore Lodges property.  Unless it is very deep, the deepest mine in the world still producing Iron ore is about 3 miles long and 2 miles deep.  Surface mining can cover greater square miles then that.”
“I think we are missing something very important here.” Denny said. “If Joseph O’Tomas gave this Francesco fellow mineral rights, it was either based on speculation, or fact that there was mineral ore below the ground here.  If fact and Francesco lived up to the conditions of the lease, and opened up a mine here, where is it, and if it were, a valuable ore, played out or not, wouldn’t our local history and state history know about it?” Denny asked.
“I would think so.” Charley stated. “and if there never was a mine then why hide the original lease?”
“Now you’re thinking Charley,” Denny said. “Another question to ask is, is this lease still in force? The lease clearly states that it is inheritable while still in force, all conditions apply to heirs in the future during the 101 years. It also implies that there’s a copy out there in the hands of any heir of Francesco. Meaning an heir of Francesco may very well be aware of the original lease and wants that lease to force an extension of the original lease.  If condition 1 and 2 where met, then the mineral rights are still in force today until Midnight on March 14 of 2021 when the presenting of both leases is requested to renew the rights beyond September 14, 2021 at the end of the 101 years. The 1st party of a contract always has the original, while in this case the 2nd party as a certified copy.  Only the original lease along with the bearer of the copy, can effect an extension of the lease.  No original lease no extension, the lease expires 8 months from now, at Midnight March 14, 2021. Whoever is looking for this lease is running out of time, less than 60 days. Clever of Joseph O’Tomas to have a loophole he can hold over Francesco or his heirs.” Denny explained.
“In that case Denny, if the lease is still in force never voided and nulled, then why isn’t there a mine here.  No mine would suggest no ore found in the first 30 days, therefore the lease unenforceable by condition #1 and condition #2.  Why take elaborate steps to hide the lease, write a riddle to help some future heir to find the lease, if it is worthless.” Jake asked.
“Because it isn’t worthless that’s why,” said Roy, “An heir of Francesco wants that lease to be extended before it expires once and for all.  Because they know there is a valuable ore in the ground on “Copper Ore Lodge property. How long has the lodge been closed for at least a decade or more. So, an heir could have had a geology survey done secretly, some test holes drilled and found more ore.  Knowing they still have mineral rights, and for whatever reason they can’t mine it yet before the lease expires, they need that extension to put it in play. Eight months is not enough time to set up a mining operation and they would have to reveal to Denny their lease and rights to that ore. Knowing Denny could wait until the lease expired or drag things out in court until March 14, 2021. The court could enforce the lease, but it would still expire. Unless they met Condition #3 with the original lease and copy in hand before a judge.”
“Your right Roy, that explains all the trespassing and late-night searches. It still doesn’t explain why after 100 years the lease still remains enforceable.  What happened in 1920 we don’t know?  Denny have you read that book you bought about Thompson history on its Seasonal residents.  Maybe it has the answers we are looking for.” Roger asks.
“Not yet Roger, but I intend to start tonight before bed time.  Until then I think we need to returned the scroll back to its hiding place. Once we do that, we need to do something about that riddle on the chalkboard so it can’t lead someone else to find the clues that led us to the scrolls hiding place.  Without that riddle it would be impossible to find the scroll. I need four volunteers to help me open the safe, while the other two gain access to the Playroom, the key is in the top drawer of my dresser. I would think that an abrasive cleaner Aunt Nellie uses to clean the kitchen sink will do the job in erasing the riddle.  It’s getting near to diner time. Roger destroy our notes on the riddle and the combination.  I have it on my tablet under tight security and I will add the photo of the lease to that file as well.” Denny told them to hustle, and they did.
***

After dinner Denny told Aunt Nellie, he had a new book to read about Thompson’s history he purchased in town yesterday. He then retired to his room to read the history of Thompson Historical Homes, and lodges in the area.  Jake and Ricky played video games, while Jimmy and the twins, played Gin Rummy at the coffee table. An hour later.  Denny came down to the Tv room excited.  He had read the chapter on the Copper Ore Lodge history from the point of view of the author of the book, a local historian. Denny shared the highlights of that chapter. “Joseph Martin O’Tomas a New Englander a Wall street investor purchased 65 acres of a tract of land south of Thompson village, off the shores of Lake Michigan in September of 1919 and started the construction of a small cottage he name Copper Ore Lodge for a seasonal summer home.  The following  March he returned to the Lodge with a Mr. Giovanni Matteo Francesco reported to be an Italian with an interest in a Mining company looking for rare ores in Michigan.  With him came a team of geologist and mining engineers who drilled core samples around the O’Tomas property. It was rumored that they found a rare ore on the property and after obtaining the mineral rights from O’Tomas and permits from the county and the state.  They brought in mining equipment to the site. A small operation began with 3 initial horizontal tunnels dug under the property. Each tunnel ran about 1000 feet. More than one hundred tons of ore was extracted over a period of 4 months until the ore played out. The mining operations ceased, and the mine closed down. The mining company restored much of the natural beauty of the area, removing mining debris and equipment after shipping the ore to Sault St Marie where it was shipped through Lake Huron south to Detroit and from there through the St Lawrence seaway, across the Atlantic then through the Straits of Gibraltar on to Italy.  Much secrecy was involved in just want that ore was until  O’Tomas revealed that the rare ore was a small vein of rare Red Beryl, Beryl was a source of gemstones, like Emeralds, Aquamarine, and Sapphire.  The rare Red Beryl would be used for the red coloring of Italian blown glass famous in Northern Italy.  They found no other source of the rare ore or any other sources of Beryl on the property. They had not expected too.” 
“The entrance to the mine was covered, and that summer, O’Tomas started the construction of the new Copper Ore Lodge on the site of the old mine. As the decades passed many forgot that there ever was rare ore mined on the O’Tomas estate. It has been speculated that O’Tomas made a tidy sum of the mineral rights, using that money to further his investments on Wall Street using much of the money to build the Copper Ore Lodge, which has become a prominent member of Thompson’s historical homes and summer lodges of the wealthy.  Its 100th year is coming up in 2020 and will sadly go unnoticed as the Lodge has been closed down for the last decade as the estate is in trust until the current O’Tomas heir is located.   A caretaker remains to keep a watchful eye on it.” Denny told the boys, then added. “This book was published in April of 2019.”
“It would appear as if the Francesco Mining interest may have fulfilled their part of the lease, except formally exiting the lease on their part as it would not expire until 2020.  I can see both parties forgetting there was a lease still enforceable  after a hundred years. Until an O’Tomas heir discovered the original lease and cleverly hid it so the extension clause could not be used. Is it possible that an O’Tomas is behind these trespassers, and not the Francisco family? Maybe one of the disgruntle distant cousin upset with Denny for inheriting the lodge and property not them. The lease is attached to the property not to entire estate.” Jake stated
“I been thinking.” Charley said.
“That will be a first, Charley thinking,” teased Roy.
“Cut it out Roy, at least I have a brain to think with.” Charley poked back. “What I was thinking was maybe it’s neither of the parties on the lease.  Who would benefit money wise if the lease were to naturally expire if not the Francisco family?  As Jake said, maybe both parties have forgotten there is a lease. What if an outside interest is aware of the mine history and is hoping to have the mineral rights to expire and then offer to lease the rights themself. Believing there is still Beryl under the lodge. Convincing Denny to lease the rights to them when they come forward with some story about there being an old mine here and still has rare ore in it.” Charley said.
“Your forgetting Charley, that historian said the veins of ore played out, and no other veins  found on the property.  Why would an outsider want the mineral rights when there is no ore left, all dug up a 100 years ago?” Ricky explained.
“That may be so, Ricky, but what if, these outsiders have been taking core samples elsewhere on the land, the Francisco Mining interest failed to take core samples from. Technology today is far more advanced when it comes to finding ore then it was 100 years ago. There could be more veins of that rare Red Beryl ore still on the land.  If so, at today’s market value it would be 10 times what it was worth 100 years. If an O’Tomas knew there was Beryl still in the ground why hid the original lease, why not destroy it, and let the lease expire. The copy of the lease has no power to force an extension of the lease without the original.” Denny explained.
“In that case, I think we can rule out a disgruntled O’Tomas Denny. They have no ownership of the estate, they settled with you and the courts when you allowed them to buy out a good portion of the estate at a very cheap discount, with the clause that they seek no further judgement against you.  And that only applies to those second in line and would have a claim to the estate if eventually the court declared the estate to be settled in their favor after failing to find the legal heir.” Jimmy stated.
“I would agree with Jimmy.  O’Tomas and Francisco’s after all this time are out of the picture.  It’s got to be outsiders with knowledge we don’t know.  What they don’t know is we found the lease, and we know what they were looking for and why.  They want the lease to destroy it and the mineral rights back in your hands so they can take advantage of you.  Another way to look at it, is, someone with a legitimate reason to want those mineral rights legally wouldn’t be sneaking around like crooks.  They would be approaching Aunt Nellie with an offer to lease those rights, with proof they have that there are still rare Red beryl on the property and that they can make Denny richer then Aunt Nellie is without the overhead and cost of mining the ore themselves. What we do know from Caesar is that someone is willing to scare us off the land.  Honest mining interest don’t scare people of the land they work out an honest deal that benefits both parties. Like Giovanni Matteo Francesco, and Joseph Martin O’Tomas did.” Jake told the boys.
The boys agreed that Jake had the right assessment that they were dealing with crooks willing to do anything to get want they wanted. They agreed that they needed to be watchful around the lodge. They also agreed they needed to bring someone in on the secret but who to trust. It was Jimmy who came up with a name.  Geologist Sarah Baker, FBI agent.  Denny said he had her personal email address.  He would compose an email before going to bed explaining the situation as concise as he could asking for her help if she was available, or if not to send someone else.  Later that night he composed that email, with as much data as he could, with photo of the Lease, background of the lodge history and mining of the rare Red beryl. He related the two overheard conversations, and recent intruders at the lodge and how they all connected.  
He ended with an honest plea, “We are over our heads, with no one to trust and fear that those who want us off the property will do more than scare us.  Will harm us to get want they want. Even kidnap one of us to get what they want” Please don’t call Uncle Andrew, not sure he can do anything except to scare them off and we will never know who they are. We need someone up here under cover as a guest, or a family member of one of the boys.  We walked into this situation, we did not invite it voluntarily. Aunt Nellie is unaware of the situation at this time.” He signed it, Denny the Menace McKelly, proprietor Copper Ore Lodge, Thompson, Michigan, Yager Rd. Copper Ore Lodge private road. He sent it off.  In the morning he got a reply. On my way, on plane to Green bay, then by car to Thompson, ETA 1 p.m. today. Be honest with Aunt Nellie, explain I am on my way. Cover will be Antique Appraiser, Sarah Baker.


Chapter 10
Aunt Nellie is Appraised


Denny told the boys before going to breakfast, Sarah Baker would be arriving by 1 p.m. today posing as an Antique Appraiser Sarah Baker. She insist we tell Aunt Nellie before she gets here.  At the breakfast table they told Aunt Nellie that Sarah Baker was coming up for a visit from Chicago, and why.  They laid it out on the table for her what they found in the playroom, the riddle.  How they solved it, which lead to the secret safe in the lodge and the lease hidden in the safe. Denny showed her the photograph of the lease and explain the scroll was very fragile.  Then told Aunt Nellie the overheard conversations and how it was linked to the previous intrusions at the Lodge, and the history of the rare Red Beryl mine buried below the Lodge.  Sarah was coming up under the cover as an  Antique Appraiser using her real name.  Aunt Nellie should tell Mr. Jones to expect her by 1 p.m. Until then to go on with our usual routine, so if there are watchers out there, it won’t tip their hands.  What the boys didn’t tell Aunt Nellie was their fears these men might not  stop with just trying to scare them away but would take more drastic measure. Aunt Nellie insisted she should call the Twins, Father, but Denny convinced her that Sara Baker would be able to handle anything that came up being undercover.  If the Sheriff came up, he could tip the watchers off, he come prancing in here like a law man and not the Twins Father. We shouldn’t take the risk that someone might just know who the Twins father is.  Sarah Baker would be an unknown.  It was her job to be an unknown.
Aunt Nellie accepted the situation and even joked about Sarah role as an Antique Appraiser. “Well, she can appraise the antiques in the lodge.  But she had better not appraise this Antique, I am worth more than she can afford.” She teased the boys, then sent them to ready two guest rooms, one for Caesar, and one for Sarah. Put Sarah on the second floor and Caesar on the Third.  Make sure fresh linen are in each room. Let Jimmy tell you want needs being done, he’s an old hand at it at the Walker Inn.  Then make sure the rest of the lodge is dusted. The Game Room and the Tv room will most likely need more care then the rest of the lodge.  Get at it, I have to check the pantry to make sure we have enough for the extra’s mouths today.  
“Why don’t we do a cookout tonight, Mr. Jones says there a fresh gas tank for the grill in the pump room. We can set it up on the Garden Terrance.” Jake suggested.
“That sounds like a plan Jake, I’ll can get Sarah to take me into town later with her car and pick up some Steaks, a fresh watermelon if they have it, Corn on the cob, Potato Salad too.  It would be nice to have another women around to talk women to women with. You boys are so, “well boys.” Aunt Nellie joked.
The boys got busy with their chores.  Jimmy took charge of the guest rooms with Ricky at hand and was very efficient in freshening the rooms.  For Sarah’s room he added a fresh cut vase of flowers from the Garden.  Roger and Jake got the BBQ out from the pump house and placed it on the terrace.  The twins and Denny worked on the Tv room where Denny cleared the popcorn machine, tidied up the room, and restocked the cooler with more soda.  He reminded Aunt Nellie we need to  stock up on soda. The twins worked on the game room.  Then the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club went through the rest of the lodge dusting and polishing up the many Antiques Sarah would be appraising.  By lunch they were finished.  Aunt Nellie put together a platter of cold cut sandwiches, chips, and pickles.  The boys kept looking at the clock.  The more they looked the slower the hands moved.  The waiting was torture. They finished lunch and put right the kitchen. Sarah Baker was 5 minutes early.  A relief for the boys, as that last five minutes was going to be eternal agony.  Aunt Nellie kept busy at the table writing up a grocery list, as if she weren’t expecting anyone. Though deep down in that well of Irish perseverance, she was worried, what had she gotten the boys into bringing them to the lodge. She gave a deep sigh and resigned herself that the boys where very capable of handling the situation. It was her, she thought who was getting to old for Wild and Woolley adventures. Secretly she admitted to herself she would be 85 soon. Older then Dr. Mom suspected or the boys.
There was a honk of a horn outside as a Van drove up into the drive to stop at the Front door.  On the side of the Van was a large magnetic sign stuck to the side advertising in bold letter’s “AAA”, Antique Appraisal, you ready to sell, I’m ready to buy” Sarah Baker, Licensed Appraisal, Auctioneer, and Antique Collector.” The sign had a phone number listed and city of origin, Green Bay, Wisconsin. The van had a Wisconsin plate on it.  Sarah Baker jumped down from the van and greeted the boys on the porch.  For those unseen eye’s, she handed each boy a calling card that simply said, “we are being watched I’ll explain later.” The boys pocketed the cards.
“I’m Sarah Baker, Antique Appraiser,  I am looking for Nellie McKelly proprietress of the Copper Ore Lodge. Understand she has some Antiques she would like to sell.” The boys led Sarah in to the lodge. With the door closed behind them. Sarah broke her cover. “Thanks, Boys for playing along with me. We definitely have a pair of eyes at there. We will talk about that shortly.  My, how all of you have grown since last summer. And who is this newcomer.” Sarah asked.
“Sarah this is my foster brother Ricky Radameyer, Mother recently brought him into the family. I guess we can talk about that later.  Aunt Nellies in the kitchen working on a grocery list. We brought her up to date on what is happening.” Jimmy said.
“Good job boys how is the old girl coping”.
“The old girl is coping just fine Sarah Baker.” Aunt Nellie voice had a touch of tenseness in it. “Come here Lass and give this old girl a hug. I glad you could come so soon. The boys where not coping. Driving me crazy with “is she here yet every five minutes”.  With the hug out of the way the boys gave Sarah a tour of the lodge, then met with Aunt Nellie in the kitchen.
Sarah broke the tension.  “I afraid there is someone at there watching the house.  He is in tree stand and looks like he’s settled in for his shift.  Sorry for the deception, but I been here for the last hour reconnoitering the place with a drone. He is about 30 yards east of here between  Yager rd. and the lodge in among the Pines and Oak.  He has a high-power scope set up and, in a position, to see the front of the lodge and the back of the lodge.  I didn’t spot any listening device so I can assume the place isn’t bugged.  I didn’t spot any cars about, so he has someone dropping him off, most likely taking shifts with one or more comrades.  I have equipment in the van to scan the lodge for bugs, just to be sure. Though I doubt there is. From what Denny told me in his Email, the group doesn’t sound like they are that sophisticated. Such equipment can be expensive the set up would mean a Van parked nearby.  Didn’t spot one.  Got some good snap shots from the drone and have already forwarded to the office to have check ran on this guy.  I can operated the drone from here later in the evening to see who’s taking the next shift. It has night vision so I can get a good snapshot too.  Why don’t two of you boys help me with my cases  and show me my room. I can ran a scan then to check for bugs. An hour later Sarah found no bugs of the electronic type, though a few spiders, and a stray grasshopper in the front foyer. The boys showed Sarah the attic Armory and the Playroom.  Showed her how the bookcase could be moved to hide staircase.  Then showed her the game room and how the poker table’s hidden chamber could be opened. She read over the lease, then had Denny put it back in the metal tube and reseal the chamber.
Sarah told the boys she would like to go into town and visit this Meet and Eat Diner and sit for a while over coffee and a Danish. See if she could overhear any conversations that might interest her.  Denny told Sarah that Aunt Nellie was one step ahead of her. Wanted Sarah to take into town shopping.  We are expecting  a new friend over soon for an overnight. He is the boy whose Mother own’s the diner and told them about the conversation he heard.  They were expecting he might have some more news for them. Sarah reminded the boys to keep her cover intact. 
 Before leaving for town with Aunt Nellie.  Sarah set up a listening post in the attic playroom where she could listen in on the watcher’s cell calls.  She got the system calibrated and tuned in to the spot where the tree stand was.  The system was so sensitive she actually picked up the guy sneezing, apparently, he had allergies. She explained to the boys her drone had a small dart gun installed where she injected a dart in a nearby tree, that had a tracer and mike in it. She could home in on the location automatically with the Drone and the listening post.  She left the listening post recorder on voice activation so she could check any conversations later.
Aunt Nellie and Sarah left in the van shortly after for town.   Sarah suggested that while in town they  stop at this Meet and Eat dinner for coffee. She can take a look around while there. Talk about Antique Appraising, and let it slip you are considering selling the lodge. If the right person at the diner is there or rumors get around it could take the pressure off for Aunt Nellie and the boys and to allow these men to let down their guard. Aunt Nellie and her will have conversation later  at the market about Antique Appraising and let it slip you are considering selling the lodge. Just play along with me when I ask a leading question.  Remember I here as you Antique Appraiser. 
They stopped  at the Meet and Eat Diner. Sarah choose a small table in the center of the diner, a good advantage point for listening and looking around. Their conversation could be overhead by most of the room by those who might be tuning an ear their way.  Margret greeting them with a friendly smile and asked what she could get them.
“Welcome ladies what can I get you to start you off, coffee, Iced tea, a soda. Why, if it isn’t Aunt Nellie. Didn’t recognize you there at first.  How is everything at the lodge going for you and those boys of yours.” Margret asked.
“There just doing fine Margret, I’m trying to keep them out of mischief, but then what do boys do if they didn’t get into mischief.  Be bored and under my feet all day.  They have been helpful around the lodge though.” Aunt told Margret.
“I am sure they have been of great help, my Julius is an angel around here helping me out. To be honest, he too can get under foot once in a while.  I understand the boy’s invited him for an overnight tonight.  He’s is on his way now to the dock to take the dingy down the Lake to the Lodge now.  You be firm with that boy if he gets out of hand mind you. I am sure you know how to keep boys under control Aunt Nellie.” Margret said.
“Where’s my manners. I would like you to meet Sarah Baker, from Green Bay.  She came up to appraise some of the antiques at the Lodge.  I am afraid I have been considering selling the lodge. A lot bigger place then I imagined it was. Denny my nephew thinks it would be best as well.  I hoping Ms. Baker here can give a good price on most of the furniture there.  She said many of those pieces are a 100 years old if not more and in excellent condition.” She  told Margret.
“Sorry to say I haven’t been up to the lodge.  I am a recent transplant to Thompson when I bought his diner two summers ago.  The lodge was closed down back then.  Though Julius told me when he visited the boys yesterday. It was a grand place, he was impressed with the woodwork, and the layout of the Lodge.  Said it would be a good place for a music venue of a small diner club.  My boy is into Jazz, and Blues, plays the Saxophone, keyboard, and drums.  He thinks the Lodge has that Roaring Twenties atmosphere to it. Told me the lodge was built in 1920 so I suppose it would have that Roaring Twenties appeal to him. My, here I go again, chattering on like a Parrot. What will you have?”
Aunt Nellie ordered Iced tea, no sugar with a wedge of Lemon, some of that Lemon Meringue Pie.  Sarah ordered decaf coffee black and Lemon Meringue Pie as well.  When Margret left to fill there order Sarah told Aunt Nellie great job, lets follow up with say talking about certain Antique pieces at the lodge. You take the lead, and I will give you my best price. I am going to be low  in price, to see if it peaks any ones interest. Margret returned with their order.
“Now you ladies enjoy your pie, made it myself from my Grandmothers recipe. It’s a favorite at the diner. Just holler if you need anything else.” Margret returned to the counter, grabbed a fresh pot of coffee, and made her rounds to refill cups.
“Ms. Baker what do you think of that buffet in the formal dining room how much would you offer me for it?”  Aunt Nellie asked Sarah.
“Well Ms. McKelly, it’s a fine piece, rare to find one so long, why it’s got to be at least 15 feet long.  I noticed it was in two sections, so it wouldn’t be much trouble transporting it. Though not much call-in long pieces. I would offer you $250 dollars for it. I’ll be honest with you, my mark up at the shop would be 35-45% to cover the cost of moving it and insuring it.  I could be a month to a year before I find a buyer. Now I haven’t had time to take a close look at all the furniture in the lodge yet, with my experience on these vintage pieces buyers are looking for adding to what they already got in similar period pieces.  You might be best to have an open Auction, advertise in a trade Journal, maybe even get the whole lot of your hands by a museum or a new collector looking to furnish a new mansion. 
Or sell the lodge furnished.  One price for all of it, building, land, and contents.  Though I believe it could be on the market for years before someone could afford the price you’re asking.  I think your right when considering you can sell separate piece to raise ready cash.  Can’t be cheap maintaining that size of a lodge.  Sell what you can and close the lodge down to cut back on overhead.  With any luck your investments will rebound, and you can keep the lodge and still have some of its charm left.” Sarah advised Aunt Nellie.
“You might be right Ms. Baker, I do hate to have to sell the lodge, but my broker isn’t optimistic my investments will rebound enough for me to keep the lodge. I’ll give it some serious thought though, until then I will still need to sell a few pieces to get by with.  You do understand that my Nephew Denny is the real owner of the Lodge, I am just the trustee of the estate until he turns 21. Then a good share of the estate’s purse will be released to him.  Meanwhile I have to deal with a, yearly allowance as trustee and guardian of the boy. It’s enough for the next 7 years, but not enough to maintain two homes for the boy. What we got back home is smaller and less overhead for us.” Aunt Nellie finished.
“I can certainly understand you looking out for the boys interest and welfare. I will spend the next week at the lodge going over it, so you have a current value of the Antiques in the place, which is just about all of it.” Sarah said.
“Well, I do believe we have finished our pie and tea Ms. Baker. We should get going and finished that shopping at the market. I’ll pay the tap and we can get going.” Aunt Nellie said.
“Now Ms. McKelly, let me get the tap. After all your giving me a vacation at no charge, well a working vacation.” Sarah paid the tap and with Aunt Nellie in tow they left for the market.
***

While Aunt Nellie and Sarah where in town, Caesar arrived at the lodge via the beach and his dingy. The boys were up in the play room when they spotted Caesar coming up the trail from the beach. Jake flying down the three sets of stairs to greet Caesar at the back door.  Meanwhile, the boys hit the mute button on the Listening station in the play room, locked up and left the attic, resetting the bookcase back in place until it locked. They joined Jake and Caesar in the Kitchen.  Caesar had an overnight bag with him, and Ricky ran it up to the Third-floor guest room they had prepared for him. Ricky rejoined the boys in the Tv Room just in time for Caesar to relate the latest from the diner last night.
“I got a chance to spot one of those diner’s from the other night.”  The booth next to him needed busing so I took my time clearing away the dishes from a party for 4. They had two kids with them, and they left a mess, had to get under the table and pick up dropped silverware and napkins.  Anyways, it gave me a chance to see him take a phone call and time to overhear the conversation he had. He answered the phone with “Hello, DeMuir here. Yes, sir I am aware that we still haven’t found a way back into the lodge.  Davey is watching the lodge now hoping that they all leave for town so he can get another look inside.  Davey thinks we should find a way to draw them out for, maybe back to the Meet and Eat for a meal. Then I could disable their Expedition so they couldn’t get back after their meal right away.  That could give Davey time to have another crack at that poker table. It’s a very clever combination to open that hidden chamber in the center Mr. McGuire. It is a shame that document you have is missing  parts of the diagram explaining how in what order to set the final two stages of the combination.  Davy figures there could be a thousand ways to try it.  He is keeping detailed notes on every failed try.”  
“Eventually with enough time he will find the right combination.  I know we are running out of time.  If that family hadn’t moved in, we would have all the time we needed. Yes, sir, we thought of that, but we would need more guys with us to handle  that kind of operation when you consider 8 people in the lodge we would have to round up, not counting the caretake at his cottage. The odds would be against us that one or more would escape and manage to  get help. Yes, sir, I understand your sending 4 extra guys, Davy and I will put together a plan to raid the place at night after they have gone to bed. Have them here by the 15th  and we do it the next night. That should give Davy and I time to put together the things we need to make this work. How long, no longer than 5 days, or we risk the chance that someone will miss them. So far Davy and I have tracked their movement, the Caretaker rarely goes into town, and the boys and their Aunt haven’t budged out of their in the last 3 days.  They don’t know anyone in town and don’t have visitors outside the caretaker. Okay I will keep you in touch. This DeMuir guy hung up and I finished my cleaning up of the booth and left.”  I was at the register when he paid his tap by Credit card. It said Mr. Paul DeMuir on the card. When  he turned his back on me, I managed to hit the copy button on the credit card machine, and it printed up a third copy of the receipt with his Credit Card number on. I have it in my Overnight bag.”
“That was fast thinking Caesar, maybe Denny here, who is techno wiz can get online on his tablet and run a search on this guy and do a credit check on that card.  It would give us some background on the guy.” Jake told Caesar.
“Just don’t get caught Denny, my Mothers diner would get in trouble if someone knew I made a third copy of the receipt.” Caesar warned Denny.
“Don’t worry Caesar, it’s a public service available for merchants to check the credit of patrons. This guy will only know if he is a member of one of the 3 major creditor reporting agencies that keep track of the credit ratings and credit applications.  Unless he checks his reports regularly, he will never know who has checked his credit. This is just a check on the limit of the card he used. Verifies name and address of the card order.  Nothing more. With that information I can get public data about this guy.  Previous addresses, even limited work history.” Denny told Caesar. What Caesar  didn’t know they had an FBI agent in the lodge who would use her official access to FBI Data base.
“Oh, I forgot.” Caesar added. I was in the booth behind him when that call came, I notice the caller ID number of the person who was calling when the phone rang. I wrote  it down on the credit card slip too.”
“Gee, did you get this guy’s shirt size and what color his sock where, maybe a picture too Caesar.” Roy teased.
“Caesar, don’t mind Roy, he didn’t take his good manner pill this morning.” Charley said of his twin.
“Which one is that the blue one or the pink one.” Roy asked Charley.
“The Pink one Roy?” Charley said.
“No, the Pink one is the Stupid pill you take Charley.” Roy said.
“Oh, that’s right Roy.” Charley admitted.
Caesar looked at Jake. “Do they act like this all time, Jake.”
“Only when the Sun, and the Moon rises. Yeah, all the time. You will get used to it Caesar.  Here Twins is the green pills.” Jake picks out two Green Jellybeans from the candy dish next to him and threw them at the Twin’s open mouth.
“What is the Green pill for Jake?” Caesar asks.
“It’s a Green Jellybean”. Jakes says.
Caesar walked into that wall both eyes closed. The boys starting laughing. Then Caesar joined in.  They were so busy laughing they didn’t hear the van pull up.  Aunt Nellie walked in to the Tv room with Sarah right behind her. “What is so funny boys?”
“Caesar walked in to a wall, one of the twins jokes executed with perfect timing.” Denny told Aunt Nellie.
“Now twins, what did I tell you about playing your jokes on lodge guests, your will drive them away before they pay the bill.” Aunt Nellie tease, “Hello, Caesar, had a nice chat with your Mother at the Diner. Oh, this is Sarah Baker, she here to Appraise our Antiques for us, she will be a guest at the lodge for a week. Jake, Roger, there’s groceries in the van, will you bring them in to the kitchen, then go out and get that grill started. Caesar, how do you like your steak, well done, Medium, or rare.” Aunt Nellie asked Caesar.
“Well done, Aunt Nellie.”
“Good for you boy, rare isn’t healthy for you.” Aunt Nellie reported, “Twins you can help me with getting plates, and silverware carted out to the terrace.  Jimmy and Denny, Ms. Baker needs your help up on the Third floor to move that old book case out from the wall, so she can look for a carpenters mark on the back.  Ricky take Caesar out to the pump house and to get a bucket of ice for the ice chest then fill  it up with soda’s and stick that watermelon in to chill it.” Aunt Nellie winked at Sarah as Sarah followed Jimmy and Denny up to the third floor to move the bookcase.  Back up in the playroom Denny told Sarah about Caesar overhead phone call at the diner last night.  Caesar was able to see the Caller Id on the incoming call and printed up an extra copy of the guy’s Credit card charge slip. He has it with him in his overnight bag.
“Well, you boys are making my job easy, we now have one first name, one last name, and a full name. A credit card number, and a phone number. And by the blinking green light some conversations from Davy at the tree stand. Let’s, hope he is not talking to himself. You boys go on down and I will join you at the terrace, after I check in with my office.  Then later when I get that credit card slip and phone number, I can run a check on at least two of these guys.  I’ll lock up and get that bookcase back in place.  See you on the terrace in a few minutes.”
***

The BBQ was a big success. The steaks done to everyone’s taste, the store-bought potato salad actually was good for a store-bought potato salad. Aunt Nellie added some baked beans from the pantry heated up, and the watermelon was delicious. Early evening was rather warm, so the boys headed for the beach for a quick swim, then back to the lodge for video games, fresh popped popcorn, Gin Rummy, which Caesar won, either he was a better player than Charley, or a better cheater.  Charley claimed he let Caesar win, after all he was a guest of the lodge.  
After the Gin Rummy game, Caesar retrieved the credit charge slip and handed it to Denny. Denny pretended to go to his room to use his tablet but sneaked up to the playroom were Sarah was going over the recorded  conversations Davy at the tree stand.  Mostly blow by blow comments of who left the lodge when they returned. Who visited the lodge from the beach, the boys went swimming, there’s a new guest at the lodge, their on the terrace having a BBQ? The one conversation that stood out was the last one where two voice the tree mike picked up  live at the tree stand.  Davy addressed the newcomer as Paul.  Paul told Davy that Mr. McGuire was sending up extra men to arrive in a few days. That they were to come up with a plan to take the people at the lodge by a late-night raid and hold them hostage until they could open the poker tables secret chamber.  Mr. McGuire wanted this done and over within 4 days. Paul told Davy that with 4 extra men, six that should be enough to hold an old lady and 7 kids.  Davy informed Paul that it was two ladies and 7 kids not counting the caretaker.  The conversation confirmed what Caesar had already told the boys this afternoon. 
Sarah sent Denny back down stairs, as soon as she ran a data check on her laptop, she would join Aunt Nellie in the kitchen. Sarah put the recorder on auto and locked up the playroom and sealed off the staircase with the bookcase.  With her laptop in hand, she went to her room and ran the credit card and the two names she had through her FBI Data portal.  She didn’t expect any results until the next morning.  She joined Aunt Nellie in the Kitchen over a cup of coffee with a dream of Irish whisky in it. Aunt Nellie had Iced tea. They talked for an hour over sundry things, then Aunt Nellie retired.  Sarah while the boys where in the game room retrieved her drone from the attic, and from her room send it out the window activating the homing beacon to fly it directly to the tree stand.  Where she found Paul DeMuir setting on the tree stand sipping coffee.  She caught as close as she could and with the drone night vision took a picture of Paul DeMuir. Directed the Drone to return to the lodge and through her window into her room.  She now had two pictures of her suspects.  She sent these off to the FBI to have them run them through the database. 
She secured her drone in its case for recharging and dressed for bed. She debating whether or not to call Andrew Capp. She decided it would be best to have some extra help up here.  She didn’t have any available men from her department in Chicago, anyone from another office would mean they might not make it up here in time.  She decided an email to Andrew would outline the situation best. She recommended the Sheriff to go undercover in Thompson and keep an eye on here suspects. While she kept an eye on the lodge. She detailed her plans, that he should bring the local sheriff up to date when he got here, not before. She didn’t want Aunt Nellie or the boys knowing he was on his way up or in town. So as not to blow his cover. She would authorize the expense of a flight to the bridge, then a rental car to  Thompson. She wanted him up here as soon as possible. The danger was not imminent until 5 days from now.  It was imperative that no-one knew he was related to Aunt Nellie and the boys.  She would update him in the morning once she got her reports back on the known suspects.
The next morning after breakfast, Sarah got data back on her 3 subjects.  Paul DeMuir and Davy are brothers with a long rap sheet of extortion, confidence games, known to be heavy hitters. Advise caution may be armed. Both served  5 years of a 10-year sentence at Joliet, Illinois, skipped parole.  No known relatives in the area. Nearest relative Las Vegas, Nevada.  Last known location Las Vegas, Nevada. No known associates.  McGuire, first name Theodore, AKA, Teddy, has a mining interest in Marquette, Michigan, nearest relative, Michigan, Delta County Sheriff George Harding, brother-in-law. McGuire known to skirt state mining laws and safety requirements, no convictions to date. In her email she had a reply from Sheriff Capp. By Private Jet, Mackinaw City Airport, ETA, 11:30 a.m. 12:30 p.m. Jet refueled,   
Marquette Airport, ETA 1:30 p.m. by car rental, to Thompson ETA 3:30 p.m.  Via highway 41 south to highway 2, Room booked at B & B under the name Douglas Roberts. Accountant. Sarah I am going to handcuff the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and never let them out of my sight again. Aunt Nellie I will commit to an old ladies retirement home. Dr. Mom not happy, wanted to come with me, had to lock her in a cell for her own good. May have to retire and stay at Copper Ore Lodge.  Will check  email, 11:45, & 1:45 will reply. Andrew. Sarah sent a reply, included copy of FBI report of suspects ID and known associates, do not contact Sheriff Harding and advise of situation. Now a suspect.  Will contact you by cell at 4:15. Do not want to be you when you get home to unlock Dr. Mom from cell. Sarah. 
Sarah checked any new conversations from the tree stand. Just a lot of snoring during the night. Davy relieved Paul at 6 a.m. Caesar had left after breakfast, so it was safe to bring the boys together to update them on her findings.  She decided she was going to tell Aunt Nellie about Andrew arriving under cover and why, but not to let the boys know.  The boys would be put on a short leash from here on in.  No visits to Thompson. Sarah and Aunt Nellie will do the shopping when needed.  She would need one of the boys to monitor the Tree stand from the Playroom, to take shifts. Sarah would haft to continue to play the role of Antique Appraiser being seen through the window going from room to room looking over the furniture with Aunt Nellie to maintain her cover.  The boys can be seen in and out around the lodge or to the beach when not on duty in the attic.  Appearances are important to protect your cover.  Later that afternoon Aunt Nellie got a call from Dr. Mom. Apparently, someone unlocked her cell and let her out.


Chapter 11
That Darn Cat


She took Aunt Nellie aside and told her that the Twins Father would be arriving later this afternoon, under cover in Town to watch the suspects.  “Do not tell the boys he is here.  He will remain in deep cover.” Sarah insisted.  Aunt Nellie asked Sarah why she couldn’t arrest the DeMuir’s now. Sarah told Aunt Nellie. “We at this point have only two charges against them, breaking parole, and sitting in a Tree stand spying on the lodge. The parole charge would stick, however they could cop a story they are bird watchers. I’m here officially, however have no warrant for wiretapping their conversations at the three stand. You and Denny gave me permission to tap that tree though after the fact. That evidence would not hold, nor would overhead conversations by Denny or Caesar.  What would hold is to catch them in the act of a felony abduction  and extortion.  Then our evidence could be admissible after the fact. We cannot at this time know if Sheriff Harding is involved directly or indirectly, he is a suspect, therefore, we can’t get him involved.” 
Most importantly, McGuire is a key player here, if he stays on the sideline, it will be hard for us to nail him as the kingpin of this whole affair.  He is a shady character no doubt but no convictions, just fines for lack of mining safety violations, and questionable ethics and mining dealings.   He can deny any dealings with the DeMuir’s and tie up the courts for months if not years. Unless, we have the DeMuir’s and these other men coming caught in the act of invading this Lodge as they plan. One or more of them would turn state’s evidence against McGuire. Don’t worry Aunt Nellie, I will be putting a call through to the U.S. Coast Guard Station in this area. I will be officially requesting they have a task force on stand-by off the shore here at the Lodge. I will tell the boys they are there as well and why.  It should relieve any worries they have.”
“ Aunt Nellie asked. “What can they do if you don’t have any evidence to act on?”  
Sarah explained. “One, you are an Heiress of Three family fortunes, Denny is an heir of one New England fortune. Also, Denny is a previous victim of a Felony kidnapping, which lead to the conviction of a very important Crime Boss in this country’s largest city.  The FBI and the U.S. Justice system owes Denny a great gratitude for putting this Crime boss away for good and dismantling his regime of terror in New York.  As Heiress and Heir, you are prominent citizens of this country.  Aunt Nellie,  you have a dual citizenship and Ireland is an ally. Though many outside your family are unaware of just how wealthy you are, and you are the hereditary Lady of an Irish entitlement and own a 450-year-old castle in Ireland.  Adding the local historical history of this lodge and its prominent New England family history, Denny also is important. You might choose to leave an eccentric life, it still doesn’t make you unimportant to this government. The Coast Guard will honor that importance. It doesn’t hurt that Sheriff Andrew is the Twins father, Denny’s Uncle and Your Grand Nephew. Which put you, Denny, and the twins exposed to kidnapping, extortion and crack pots.” Sarah told Aunt Nellie.
“I am not that important Sarah.” Aunt Nellie objected.
“Now don’t bat those innocent eyes at me Aunt Nellie, you know very well who you are. It’s your disarming ways that may fool others, but not me, Lady Erin Danielle  McKelly.” Sarah scolded. “Now if you would excuse me, I have a phone call to make, then some antiques to admire and pretend I know how old they are and what value they are. Though there is one piece I would like for my apartment back in Chicago.”
Aunt Nellie sat in her room digesting what Sarah had said when her cell phone rang. The caller Id said it was Dr. Mom. She answered and held the phone 10 inches from her ear.  “Aunt Nellie, you tell Andrew Capp I am going to castrate him for leaving me in a locked cell at the station.” Dr. Mom shouted.
The shouting over, Aunt Nelle answered.  “Now dear, everything will be fine here. Agent Sarah’s here, Andrew will be in town shortly, and the Coast Guard off shore, soon as well.  I believe they call it a 3-court press.  The boys will be fine, the lodge is isolated and secured.  Sarah is armed, Andrew is armed, the Coast guard is armed, and I am armed.  I brought my Snubbie Smith & Wesson revolver with me with its, above the ankle holster. I am wearing it now, it will not leave my side.”
“Aunt Nellie, you haven’t fired that thing in decades.” Dr. Mom stated.
“Dear, it’s like riding a bike, your never forget how to.” Aunt Nellie told Dr. Mom.
“Whoever you are pointing that thing at has better be as big as a barn. Your eyesight isn’t as good as it was.” Dr. Mom explained.
“Don’t worry Dear. The boys are too small a target for me to hit.” Joked Aunt Nellie.
“Not funny old girl.” Dr. Mom stated.
“Sorry, Sersha. I have been through worse situations dear, and the boys are very capable of surprising us how well they can handle themselves in tight situations.  Sarah is keeping them abreast of every move she makes, except Andrew arriving and being back up. They will know the Coast Guard will be standing off shore too.” Aunt Nellie explained.
“I suppose I will have to settled with that Aunt Nellie, just don’t let those boys go off on some idea they can rescue everyone if things go sour. Let Andrew, Sara, and the Coast Guard handle things.  You tell Andrew when he gets back, he is going to need some serious surgery on his manhood. Keep my twins and the boys safe Aunt Nellie.”
“Yes, Sersha. Have you told the Wilks, Walkers, and Lakes of the situation up here?” Aunt Nellie asked.
“Andres said it would be best not to at this time. I agree. Don’t need to worry them and have them showing up at the lodge and make matters worse. Oh, damn I am being paged. Got to go Aunt Nellie. Don’t do anything you will regret.” Dr. Mom hung up.
Aunt Nellie spoke to the dead phone. “Have I ever regretted anything Sersha.”
***

Sarah has called a house meeting to discuss their next plan of action. She told the boys that she will have U.S. Coast Guard on stand-by one mile off shore from the beach house.  They will be doing training exercises and maneuvers including practice landing a team on shore up and down the beach in this area. Officially Denny has given permission for the Coast Guard to use the beach house as a staging area for the landing exercise. Unofficially, they are a ready task force when needed to storm the lodge when and if, DeMuir makes a move against the lodge. Hopefully, that will not happen.  If not, the Coast Guard will put it down on the books as a surprised training maneuvers. If it does happen the Coast Guard will there for us. 
She tells the boys what she has already told Aunt Nellie. “It is now a sting operation to entrap DeMuir, and McGuire to follow through with their plans to take the Lodge and its occupants hostage.  She also informed the boys, that another agent is in deep cover in town keeping track of the DeMuir brothers. The agent will infiltrate the brothers confidence and if possible, get enlisted in their plot.   This way we will have an inside ace up our sleeves. This is all to reduce the risk of the innocent getting hurt.  McGuire is known to be a shady character with unscrupulous Mining interest that has drawn the attention of national security. Whether it is linked to Copper Ore lodge or not, national security cannot take the risk. Nor do they want to alert McGuire they are on to him by vacating the lodge and sending all you home.” 
“As far as we know, the DeMuir brothers are not known to use armed methods to intimidate those they are trying to pull a confidence game on.  They are known to be heavy hitters in threats of violence.  On the other hand, McGuire is an unknown factor here and as we know by Caesar, and our wiretap at the tree stand, he is sending extra men to aid the brothers in taking this place hostage until they can gain access to the poker table and its hidden contents.  As for that, it is still an unknown as to why they know it is there, and what purpose they have for gaining possession of it.  Therefore, we will go on our daily routine with exception to you boys making excursions into Thompson, sorry, I don’t want the DeMuir brothers getting a chance to abduct one of you for leverage against Aunt Nellie or Denny. I am sorry that Caesar must be discouraged from visiting for the same reason,  he can be napped to use as leverage as well.  It is best he stay in town, continue his work at the diner with his mother.”
“Ah, that might be a problem.” Caesar said as he walks in to the Tv room. “Sorry, I knocked but didn’t get an answer, the back door was unlocked figured that the boys where in the Tv room playing video games or  watching Tv.” Caesar explained.
Sarah asks the question everyone had on their mind. “How much did you hear Caesar?”
“Nearly all of it. I didn’t mean to listen in.” Caesar sounded worried.
Sarah tried to calm the boy. “Thats all right Caesar, I guess the cat is out of the bag now. Come in and I will explain what is going on here. I’m am Sarah Baker an FBI agent, and not an Antique Appraiser. Aunt Nellie and the boys have found themself in a serious situation here at the lodge. As you already know by the conversations you have overhead and reported to the boys, there are some men here in town interested in the lodge and it is not just buying a piece of Real estate. The FBI and national security is interested as to why and how it is linked to the lodge and the old mine that once stood on this very spot.  If you heard most of what I told the boys, I will not repeat that information.  However, there is some information that will remain on a need to know.  The boys will understand what I mean in relationship to the secret hidden in the lodge.  Right boys?” The boys nodded in agreement.  “Caesar you understand that you can’t repeat what you have heard today, nor reveal the sting operation.  If I can’t trust you, I will have to put you under house arrest until this matter is settled. You understand Caesar?”
“Yes, Agent Baker.” Caesar was trembling. 
“Relax Caesar, house arrest doesn’t mean you will be handcuffed and fed bread and water.” Sarah tried to calm Caesar down. “What brings you buy Caesar.” Sarah asks.
“I wanted to tell the boy’s, that the DeMuir guy was in the Diner this morning he had this other guy with him.  DeMuir called him Davy. I overhead Davy telling DeMuir he had seen me up at the lodge visiting overnight, then they both gave  me a strange look.  It made me uneasy.” Caesar sat down obviously frighten. 
“Caesar does DeMuir know your Margret’s son?” Sarah was hoping the answer would be no.
“No, Mother don’t let staff talk with the customers about personal relationships on the job. They know she’s my mother and asked them to treat me no different than they would any other seasonal worker at the dinner and that it’s no one’s business that I am Margret’s son.  Mother seldom introduces me as her son when I am working there. If she does talk about having a son, it is always about me living at home with my Father and visiting each summer. Don’t get me wrong, she’s not ashamed of me. She just don’t want me being treating special by the other workers at the diner.” He explained.
“I was hoping that would be the case Caesar. If DeMuir doesn’t know you are her Son, then she isn’t in any danger.  However, you could be made a pawn in this matter. I’m not sure if it would be wise for you to return to work at the diner.  Would your Mother let you stay at the lodge for several days?  It is our goal to settle this matter soon, as we know they plan to in 4 days to take the lodge.” Sarah asks Caesar.
“Shouldn’t be a problem.  I’m not officially a paid seasonal worker with assigned hours. I just volunteer to help out at the diner to keep busy.”
“That’s good Caesar tell you mother that Aunt Nellie needs your help at the lodge helping Jake with some heavy work in moving furniture around. Better yet, Aunt Nellie can call her at the diner now and make arrangements. Aunt Nellie can you make that call now.” Caesar gives Aunt Nellie the phone number at the diner.
“Caesar, can you return home without running into DeMuir or Davy.”
“Yes, our house is right off the beach between here and home. As I understand it, DeMuir stays at the B & B north of town.” Caesar explains. 
“Then as soon as Aunt Nellie gets the okay, I want you to return home in your dingy and get clothes for a 4 day stay. Don’t be too sneaky at it, you are just going to the lodge for a few days. Tell you stepdad you will be helping out here. Return back in your dingy.”
“My stepdad shouldn’t be problem, he’s the cook at the diner. So, he won’t be home. Just one problem, the Coast Guard, if they are doing Maneuvers, they might stop me.” Caesar states.
“That’s right I forgot, don’t worry I will give them the heads up so they can let you pass. They should be at the beach house by now setting up their staging area.” Aunt Nellie returns to the Tv room telling Caesars Mother was glad to offer her son’s help.  She explained to Margret he will return home and get some clothes for the stay at the lodge, so she should not expect to see you until the work is done.
“Thank you, Aunt Nellie, Let, me call Commander Smith, and get you cleared to pass. You have an Id on you Caesar.” Yes, Caesar say’s. “Good you will need it. Wait an hour so the commander can reach the beach house and gave me the confirmation you have been cleared. The boys here can update you on those unclassified details. Why don’t you show him the playroom boy’s?” Sarah asked the boys.
***

Later that afternoon Caesar is settled in the Lodge, where he is up in the Attic visiting the playroom with Agent Sarah.  She is explaining the wiretapping and her surveillance at the tree stand. She tells Caesar that the boys are working in shifts to monitor the tree stand live, and during the night it is on the Auto record feature for review later. At this point it is there only way of knowing what the DeMuir brothers are up too. Sarah tells Caesar that she has and  agent in deep cover in town watching the DeMuir’s there. They will know when the DeMuir’s will take action on the lodge and will be prepared.  Denny arrives telling Caesar, he has another surprise to spring on him.  Leading him down the hallway, he springs that surprise.
“Caesar, what you are about to see, is a secret the O’Tomas family that has been  kept since 1932 when my Great Grandfather William Henry O’Tomas started this collection of artifacts.” Denny opens the door, turns the lights on and let Caesar stand there with his mouth open letting in flies.
“Denny this is out of this world.” Caesar say’s astonished. 
“Yes, that’s how I felt when I first stepped into this room expecting to find an old dusty attic filled with junk.  Instead, I find these suits of armor and the Diorama of King Author, Merlin, and Morgana in battle.  Aunt Nellie say many of these suits of armor and weapons on the wall date back to the 1500’s. She said her great, great Grandfather Lord Sean Beacon McKelly the first had an armory in his castle full of armor like these.  Theirs a log book William O’Tomas kept of his collection and many of these piece do date back that far. In fact, the log mark notes that some of these pieces are from that Armory when her Grandfather had to sell most when that castle was condemned and left to ruin. He Built a new castle. She inherited that castle from her Father. My own Father restored much of the diorama when he was a teen your age.  I never knew my Father or his parents.  He was a college graduate when he met my mother, fell in love and was working at a Wall street firm, following in his Father’s footsteps.  
My parents where never married given the circumstances of why my Father had to leave her pregnant.  My mother fell into hard times after Father disappeared running from that crime boss. Mother had to give me to Aunt Nellie, and she became my legal guardian.  Mother disappeared soon after that fell into drinking and drugs, then was murdered as you already know. I barely remember her.  After Sarah and my Uncle Andrew finally caught the people responsible for my mother’s murder, and that Crime Boss in jail, I learned of my mother’s murder, and my Father’s unfortunate death.  I was finally able to put to rest my parents memory in a joint grave where that memory brings them together once again.  This is all I have of my Father of his childhood here in the lodge, and Aunt Nellies memory of her grand Niece and the two world trips around the world together, the first when my mother was 16 and the second when mother was 18, before she meet Father.  I shall endeavor to keep this legacy of my Father alive and restored.  This Lodge is very important to me.”
“That is why I had the FBI get involved in this mystery as to why DeMuir and McGuire what his Lodge and its link to the old mine on the property.  If they are willing to go to the extreme of taking desperate measure to get it, it must be very important and valuable to them.  Sarah was instrumental in helping my family back home last summer.  I trust her very much to know what is needed to catch these guys.  She won’t put anyone of us at danger, as you can see, she has the Coast Guard, and other agents on the scene to make sure we are not in danger. Trust her Caesar, and trust the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, this is not our first run in with bad guys. Oh, don’t count Aunt Nellie out as a helpless old lady. Far from it. She will surprise you.” Denny told Caesar. “Come on Caesar, let’s see if you can beat Charley at Gin Rummy again.”
The two headed back down to the first floor, just as they stepped off the last step to the first floor.  They heard Aunt Nellie scream. “Darn that cat, Boys, front and center, Mr. Noodles just stole my fish for dinner.”  One by one from various room in the lodge, Jimmy, Jake, Ricky, Roger, and the Twins came running toward the kitchen.  Denny and Caesar were the closet, arrived in time to see Mr. Noodles race into the pantry with a good size piece of perch in his mouth.  Caesar was first to act, sliding shut the pantries pocket door trapping Mr. Noodles in the pantry.  The boys right behind Denny.
“Caesar has Mr. Noodle trapped in the pantry. No chance he got out.” Denny told the boys
“Roger get the picnic basket from  the laundry room.” Jake told Roger. “Jimmy there’s a card board panel in the mud room grab that too” Jake turned to Caesar, when Jimmy gets back with the card board I want the twins to hold up it up on the top of the open picnic basket we will put on the floor open facing the door. Caesar will slowly slide the door open.  When Mr. Noodle runs out, he will run into the basket, Roger will close the lid and we can take him back to Mr. Jones.
Roger had the basket in place with the lid up.  The twins had the card board panel setting on top blocking most of the door. Caesar had just enough door above the panel to slide it open.  Jake at the count of 3 told Caesar to open the door.
“1, 2, 3 now.” Jake yelled.  Caesar slowly slide the door back just far enough to reveal the baskets opening. The boys waited patiently for Mr. Noodle to race out into the basket.  When he didn’t, they looked at each other with puzzled faces.  Aunt Nellie walked over and dropped the rest of the stolen fish down on the floor in front of the basket.  They waited a few more minutes. Still no Mr. Noodles.  Then Ricky the thinnest in body stepped over the basket and squeezed through the door. Five minutes later, he appeared with the fish Mr. Noodle had snagged.
“No, Mr. Noodles anywhere boys, though he did leave the fish behind.” Ricky told them.
“That can leave only one possibility, his bolt hole his hidden the pantry.” Jake said.
“Jake, we searched the pantry before and found nothing.” Jimmy said.
“I know Jimmy, but what other way did he get out. We missed something the last time.  We need to take everything out of the room from floor to the top shelves. Ricky where did you find the fish.” Ricky showed Jake the spot the fish was found. “let’s start here boys.” Jake said. It didn’t take long for the boys to form a line out of the panty into the kitchen.  Jake handed Ricky the first in line, the first item on the floor. He handed down the line and Roger at the end of the line placed it on the table. In no time Jake had that side of the pantry cleared out.  Then he removed the shelving from off there brackets until he had a bare wall. With the boys standing behind him, he started tapping the wall with heavy wooden meat mallet, sounding for hollows in the wall. Eventually he kneeled down the floor to sound the wall there. His mallet barely touched a spot where the wall met the floor, when a small door pivoted open. It swung around like a swinging door at a front entrance of a large department store. Then stopped and you could hear it click back in place.  Jake with his fingers push on the door gently with his fingers, the door spun around again. Ricky handed him a flashlight Charley had handed him.  Jake poked the  flashlight  through the door, holding it open.  He kneeled down and peaked into the hole, the light showed a stair well behind the wall.  This was how  Mr. Noodle was getting in, and out, simply racing into the door pushing it open and having it close behind. With pantry items on the floor, it would hide the coming and going of Mr. Noodles. Each boy took a look through the door.
“There’s a stairwell down behind the wall, that is clear. How do we open the wall, I don’t think it will swivel open like that little door?” Denny said. Denny was wrong.  Jake took a closer look at wall where it met the corner of the next wall on each side. Then he ran his hand down the left corner pushing lightly from the top to the bottom, nothing happened. Then he stepped over to the right corner repeated the same method. When he reached the middle of the corner, he heard a click and the wall swiveled open.  He pushed the wall further open to pivot half way open and then stopped.  Revealing a small landing that lead down the stairwell.  Jake told the boys to get more flashlights, we have an adventure to go on. The boys went to their rooms to get flashlights they had. Jake went to Aunt Nellie’s room and told her they found Mr. Noodles bolt hole a hidden stairwell leading downwards.  They were going to explore it and see how Mr. Noodle got in from outside.
 Roger came out of the mud room with a large gas lantern he already lit.  When the other boys arrived, Roger with the lantern led them down the stairwell. It led the boys down more than three stories.  At first it was bricked walls, then the walls became rough cut stone.  At the bottom they entered into a central Tunnel of stone just 10 feet from the stairs. Denny related to them that the original Beryl mine had two tunnels that branched off from a central tunnel.  All tunnels reaching no more than 1000 feet in any direction. They were level horizontal tunnels about 65 feet from the surface. Not very deep for a mine and a small mine at that. 
Jake figured that they should take the central tunnel until they came across the first branch, then 3 of the boys can take that branch and 3 at the second branch, the remaining two to the end of the central tunnel.  They needed to find an exit big enough for Mr. Noodle to get in and out. He thought it was would be within the boundary of the Lodge no more than 40 ft from the Lodge itself. Don’t go any further then that if you find it. Shout your name out and the rest of us will return to you.  Each of you pick up a stone, use it to mark the entrance to each branch with an arrow showing the way back to the stairs. So, you don’t get turned around going back down the central tunnel in the wrong direction.
Thirty feet down the central tunnel they came across the first branch which turned left as best as they could figure was west toward Jager Rd. based on where the pantry in the lodge was and the staircase pointing North. Jimmy and Ricky took that branch.  The second branch was about 200 feet down from the first and also branched left.  Just as Roger and Caesar was started down the branch, Jimmy shouted out. Roger, Caesar, Jake, Denny, and the twins raced back to the first branch.  Jimmy and Ricky was waiting for them. Then showed them 20 feet down the branch they saw a shaft leading up at a vertical toward the surface when Ricky shined his flashlight up it, Mr. Noodle was looking back at them then turned around racing up the shaft. They found his exit.  
As they turned around to leave, Denny told them to halt. We need someone count there steps from here to the central tunnel. Who’s natural stride would be close to two feet. Ricky said he was close to that.  Denny told Ricking to count each step as he took no fast walking or to slow, just as normal as you can take. When we get to the end of this tunnel tell us how many steps. Then start the count from there to the stairs.  Give the count out again. Then count the steps as we climb back up to the pantry, tell us that number of steps. When we get back into the pantry someone get that note pad on the counter Aunt Nellie keeps for a grocery list. Write down the number of stairs, then the number of steps to the first branch and the steps to the air shaft. From the position of the pantry and the stairs we can make a map to lead us to the top of the airshaft. Fifteen minutes later they were back at the pantry, where they found Aunt Nellie and Sarah waiting for them.  They had replaced much of the pantry goods as much as they could without blocking the entrance to the stairwell.  The rest was stacked up in the laundry room.  Denny grabbed the note pad and had the boys recite each number in order of up to down.  Only Roy was off in his memory of what Ricky recited to them. Jake asked Aunt Nellie how long we had been gone.
“About 30 minutes” Aunt Nellie said. Sarah was about to go after you, but she couldn’t find a flashlight. She didn’t think a candle would be safe. She was concerned that a live flame might ignite a pocket of mine gas boys.”
“We found at least one vertical open airshaft about 35 inches in diameter in the first branch off the central tunnel.  We were about to enter the second branch when Jimmy shouted, he found an airshaft in the first branch.  Mr. Noodles private entrance.  He was waiting for us. We figure it’s very close to the outside boundary of the yard. Denny’s mapping out the steps we counted back to the pantry, to get an idea where that airshaft is in the yard. Could be an airshaft in the second branch and one further done the central tunnel. Denny, from his readings say the central tunnel only goes a 1000 feet from the entrance.” Jake explained.
“I thought they filled the mine entrance in when they abandoned the mind.” Aunt Nellie said.
Denny turned from his mapping. “They did Aunt Nellie, apparently Joseph O’Tomas dug the entrance out and built the Lodge on top of it. Cleverly hiding the stairwell in the pantry.  Mr. Noodle found the airshaft and discovered the small door as his way of sneaking into the lodge.  Not sure why there was a pet door built in or we would never have found the entrance.” Denny said. 
“I can answer that Denny, that small door is a locking mechanism you kick it open and it releases the  wall to swing open. The spot where Jake pushed on the wall is a simple catch to hold it shut when locked or unlocked.” Sarah told the boys. “Eventually someone would have found the stairs when they renovated the pantry or tore down the lodge.” 
Denny handed the map to Jake, with compass points and as much as possible the number of feet to the airshaft. They had enough time to go looking for it before Aunt Nellie had dinner ready.  Sarah suggested to make a game of it for the eyes that would be watching the back yard.  You have a football or kick ball. You can play a game that would bring the ball in play where the airshaft is. The boys did better, they had a baseball and gloves they would play catch with, tossing the ball in the scrub where they expected the top of the airshaft would be. Sarah said look for a hood of sorts, small wooden box with vents, mostly rotted out by now, unless it is of metal then very rusty. Best not to touch it or get cut, then we would have to deal with a Tetanus shot. We can nail shut the pet door from here to keep Mr. Noodle out. He will eventually stop using the tunnels if he can’t get back into the house.  Sarah told the boys.  The boys where to discover a modern hood of plastic over the air vent.  They later learned that Mr. Jones Father had maintained the three air vents leading down to the mine tunnels.  Mr. Jones didn’t know about the secret entrance in the pantry.  A Jones Caretaker always kept the airshaft vents in good shape to prevent mine gas from building up in the tunnels. 
***

After Dinner, Jake with Ricky’s help disabled the locking mechanism, then nailed the pet door shut so Mr. Noodles couldn’t get back in the house and steal food from the kitchen. Aunt Nellie was happy she didn’t have to deal with Mr. Noodles in the kitchen. A cat should know his place in the hierarchy of the household. As she put it, “Lady Nellie McKelly was lord of the kitchen.” Sarah announced after dinner she was going into town to meet with her agent to get a report from him.  If anyone needed anything to make a short list and she would do some shopping.  Aunt Nellie added Perch to the top of her list and a few more meat items and pantry items.  The boys added soda’s, more popcorn kernels and oil.  Sarah left for town to meet Andrew at a prearranged location, at the market. When she arrived, she went down one aisle to the next filling her list, until she bumped into someone’s cart by accident.
“I’m sorry Sir, wasn’t looking for where I was going. Didn’t break any eggs I hope.” She asked.
“No, I haven’t found Diary yet. I am new here.” The guy said.
“I see your cart is empty, you must really be lost in a strange market.” Sarah joked.
“You found me out.  You should see how often I get lost going to point A to point B with a map in my hands.” He said.
“Ouch, that bad ha. I have been here just a few days, and I am stilling finding my way through the market. Though I do know where the Diary section is, was just heading there myself.  If you don’t mind, I’ll be your guide. I’m Sarah Baker.”
“Nice to meet you Sarah Baker, I’m Douglas Roberts.” Douglas reached out his hands.
Sarah shook hands.  “Well Douglas the Diary is just ahead over to the left. You do know your left from your right I hope.” Sarah and Douglas headed down the aisle. The market had few shoppers at that hour so, Sarah and Douglas could talk freely. Sarah told Andrew. “the Boys discovered the old Beryl mine under the Lodge, a secret entrance long story for later. Our tree stand is still occupied 24/7 by two shifts. The Coast Guards in position, and no word as to when they are going to strike.” Sarah reported.
“I believe I can answer that, Paul likes his after-hour whisky. Found him at the local bar by accident last night. Found out we were at the same B & B.  Got chummy after buying him several rounds. He has a loose tongue after two drinks.  I let him think I was a down and out accountant, laying low for a while after a mix up with the books. A, led to B, and C is that McGuire, with a couple of his friends are due in town tomorrow, will need an extra hand in convincing an old Lady to let them search her lodge for something they lost when they were last there for a visit. Said I could pick up a couple of Ben Franklins for my troubles.  Told me the job was on for 3 days from now at midnight. Told me where to meet him on Yager Rd, just pass Johnson Creek, wear dark clothes. This morning, we passed in the hallway at the B & B, he greeted me like old friends. Told me he will introduce me to McGuire when he gets into town. I met his brother Davy  just before coming over to shop.”
“Thanks, I’ll pass that on to the Coast Guard”. Sarah said. “Mr. Richards, I do believe we found the eggs. Though the prices are out rages these days.”  A customer walked by and stopped at the Milk. “ I have a short list here to fill, she handed Douglas her list. Mind if you give me a hand filling it. Got to get back to the lodge got tons of work to do. If you do the items not marked off, I appreciate it , you’ll find them in aisle’s 2, 3, 4, I believe. I have an item to get in aisle 1, meet you at the checkout. Put your eggs in my cart, no need to have two carts. I’ll meet you at checkout, really do appreciate it Mr. Richards.” Sarah and Andrew met back at checkout where Sarah paid for her groceries, Douglas carried her two bags out to her van for her. “Thanks Douglas, nice meeting you, maybe our paths will cross again in a few days. She drove off and Andrew got into his car. If any noticed, which they didn’t, Andrew didn’t have his eggs with him. Andrew returned to the B & B.
***

When Sarah got back to the Lodge, she held a short house meeting. Informed  Aunt Nellie and the boys her Agent in town confirms that McGuire will be in town tomorrow with a few extra guys.  The agent reports he has gotten in DeMuir’s good graces, he’s in on the raid 3 days from now at Midnight. “Jake can you arrange the pantry around so that the wall to the mine is back looking as it was except for quick access into the mine.” Sarah asked Jake.
“I can cut the shelves in half, replace them back on the brackets leaving an area off the right side of the wall bare of shelving.  I can rig up a way to keep the shelfs secure to the wall. Load them with light weight items that won’t tip over. On the floor we can put the empty bins and basket items on the left side just back from the wall.  Theirs that large flour container I can put in front of the bare area.  It would be easy to move aside to open the door, then put back in place before we close the door.” Jake said.
“Jake, that’s your priority in the morning. I want you boys to be able to enter the mine at short notice, close the door behind you and down the stairs.  Gather up all you flashlights and gas lanterns you can find, have them on the Landing and steps waiting for you.  Keep one in the pantry to help you through the door. No lights in the pantry.”  When you have that set up, we will have a drill tonight and tomorrow night.  From here on in, you boys will be bunking up together on the second floor. Leave the lights on the third floor, go to your rooms, Turn the lights off, then sneak back down to the second floor. While Jake and a helper is working on the pantry, the rest of your boys will get those extra camp cots out of the storage room off the mud room. Bring them up to the second-floor bedrooms you can sort out who bunks with who. I’m sure there are extra blankets in the linen closet.  Don’t bring any down from the third floor. Dont want our eyes to see what is going on from the 3rd floor. You will make up your beds to look like someone is sleeping in them. Thats for the third-floor boys to do before tonight.  Tonight, in the dark you can bring down whatever clothes you need.  During the day you can go up and down to your rooms on the third floor, remember we have eyes watching make it appear normal activities as usual in exterior rooms with windows. We may have extra eyes watching tomorrow as well.” 
“The first part of the Second-floor boys drill will be those using those cots, stuffing those cots in a closet and the boys in their beds making them look like someone is sleeping in them. You can practice in the rooms anytime as long as you have your curtains closed. Skip the run to the pantry, until we do the real drill.  I think you are getting the picture here. When our visitors come sneaking in at Midnight, they will search the rooms thinking you are asleep. That will be confused and will delay them searching the lodge.  Aunt Nellie will be in her room, and I in mine.
When asked, Aunt Nellie will tell them you boys are camping out in the beach pavilion and I am down there with them. Hopefully, that will draw some of the men off to find you, and me right into a trap where the Coast Guard will be waiting, divide and conquer.  With our man inside the gang, we should be able to handle the rest until the Coast Guard arrives, which shouldn’t be that long.  Aunt Nellie will be calling Mr. Jones up to the lodge right after dinner about some issue with the pump house that evening. He will be informed by me what is going on.  Better off up here, then in the cottage, and he will be an extra hand on our side as well. If he is being watched at the cottage it will through them off and require another delay.  All in our favor.  The Coast Guard does not want to move to soon or to fast or it will scare them off. They are down at the beach out of site of the watchers. So, far our tree stand watcher hasn’t reported them being seen. Get your chores done boys and we will have our first drill tonight at bedtime.”


Chapter 12
To Drill or not to Drill


Last’s night drill went okay except for the bottle neck at the pantry. The third-floor boys went through the motion of going to their rooms on the third floor at bedtime. Turned lights on in the glassed promenade, entered their rooms, except Roger who turned the corridor lights off, his room being the nearest to the switch. Waited a few seconds then walked quietly down stairs to bunk with Jake.  Seconds later, Jimmy and Ricky sneaked out of there suite to go down stairs to bunk with Denny. Caesar, seconds later after that went down to bunk with the Twins. Last night drill was to see how well they managed,  Once, in their Second-floor rooms, they waited for the signal from Sarah who would leave her room, knock  on each bedroom door, then exit down the stairs down to the kitchen.  The boys with cots, would  folded them up with their bedding and stuffed them in the closets. Then the boys in beds  set up the bed with extra pillows covered them with their blankets and made it look like they are sleeping.  Then they exited and walked down the stairs to the pantry in a rush, only they all tried to get into the pantry at the same time trying to get the wall open and through it. 
Sarah saw the problem, the boys where rushing.  She explained that the purpose of getting into the pantry and down the mine would not require a mad rush, unless it became an emergency in the case McGuire and his men arrived early that tomorrow night, or the night before when they expected them. Her plan was to have the boys to leave for the pantry before the time they expected McGuire.  No rushing, Bedtime would be at 11:00.  On the night of the expected raid on the lodge would be at Midnight when they expected everyone sound asleep.  On that final night, as soon as the boys retired to the third floor and the second-floor bedrooms would already be set up for the ruse, as the Third-floor rooms would be. All the third-floor boys had to do  is walk out of their rooms in the dark back down to the second-floor rooms wait for the signal walk down the stairs to the kitchen in the night with only the banister post light on. Walked to the kitchen and then one by one enter the pantry and through the wall. Which would already be open and waiting prior to them going to bed. Sarah told the boy’s she would set the pantry back up with the flour barrel in place and anything to make it look like normal after they were in the mine. She sent the boys to bed.
The next morning Sarah explained, the cot’s in second floor room would be removed to the Mine during the last day where the extra cots for the second-floor boys, folding chairs, and a few of the folding tables from the dining room storage will already be there. Which would give you a place to set and have blankets, the mine would be a bit cool. If it came to an emergency evacuation to the mine tonight ,you would have to deal with what you already have in place. Today’s chore is to set up an area down the central Tunnel at the first branching tunnel near the fresh air supply, with all the extra cots, blankets  and tables needed.  Have water and soda with snacks stored in sealed container in case Mr. Noodles shows up. Protocol would say 3 days’ supply just in case things go sour up here. Be comfortable, less stress, and be quiet, sounds will travel down the tunnel like a megaphone.  I will make sure the pocket door to the panty is closed as well to  buffer any sound.  If we get by tonight without any troubles, then in the morning you will bring the other cots and blankets to the mine. Tonight, we will have the last drill at bedtime, this time no rushing okay.”
“Also, I have to go down to the beach and have a talk with Commander Smith give him an update in person.  He also has a package for me I had delivered to the Coast Guard Frigate from our Tech lab in Chicago.” Sarah explained. I told you about the drones ability to shoot darts with mikes in them.  These darts have cameras. The latest in micro technology.  I will tonight with the drone be planting a camera at cottage so we can have eyes there on the gate. One will be planted at the area, my agent says, they are to meet to stage their raid. This morning Four others will be planted on the four cardinal points of the compass  on the lodge.  The six will give me a view of these area’s so we will know when they start moving in toward the lodge.  I want you boys after your chores are done, to take turns monitoring these new eyes, and the ear from the tree stand. It will keep you busy and focused on something important rather than sitting around and worrying.  So far, we are a step or two ahead of them.  McGuire is due in town today, so there should be chatter at the tree stand.  Commander Smith team has already infiltrated the lodge perimeter last night and now have their own eyes and ears in place. There isn’t much we can do now but wait and keep our thoughts to ourselves boys, understand.” Sarah winked at them. The boys did understand, the Coast Guard had the lodge bugged as well.  
Later that morning the boys had the mine set up with as much comfort as they could. To their surprise they found two extra-large battery lanterns appear out of nowhere in the Pump house along with a two-way radio.  Military issue. With a note attached. “For the mine, good luck boys, signed Commander S.”
“When they say “Semper Paratus” they really mean it.” Jake said.
“What is “Semper Paratus” Jake.” Ricky asks
The twins chimed in together “Always Ready” Ricky, just like the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, we are always ready for a pillow fight, except our pillows are sleeping in our beds right now.” If the boys had been down at the beach Pavilion, they would have heard Commander Smith and his tech team laughing.
***

At the lunch table the boys sat around eating grilled cheese sandwiches and eating the best dill pickles giant size cukes from a gallon jar they ever had. They topped off lunch with a slice of Aunt Nellies award winning Chocolate Cake two years in a row at the country fair.  Aunt Nellie was being busy baking, her way of relieving stress. For the boys they  found themselves in the Game room with a heated game of ping pong, darts and Gin Rummy, Caesar beat Charley again.  
“That’s the 3rd time he has beaten me. He has got to have cards up his sleeve Jake.” Charley accused Caesar.
“Charley he’s wearing a t-shirt he has no sleeves” Jake said.
“Then jump him and strip him to his boxers, Jake, he’s got to be hiding them somewhere.” Charley demanded.
“Hold on their Charley” Caesar cried, “let me show you something.” Caesar pulled a card out of his wallet and handed it to Charley.
Charley read the card out loud. Julius Rosenberg, “University Gin Rummy club member, Tournament champion two years running”, why you are a ringer, you boys threw a ringer in the game. How can a boy cheat against a University Champion?” Charley cursed, throwing his cards on the table.
“Two Years running Charley don’t you forget”, Caesar taunted Charley.
“Rub salt in my wound will you, I alt to kick you between the legs.” Charley threaten.
“Do that and I will knock you block off boy.” Caesar threatened right back.
“Charley, remember the lodge has ears.” Roy said alarmed.
“Have course the lodge has ears Roy, I just love an audience.” Charley showed Roy the card Caesar handed him. “Read the card Roy.”
The card is blank Charley.” Roy said.
Charley and Caesar shouted together.  “You’ve been Punked.”
The boys swear they heard laughter coming up from the beach.
There merriment was interrupted by a knock at the front door.  Jake went out to answer it.
“Hello young man, is Ms. Nellie McKelly home.”
“Yes, she is sir, but she is resting, can I help you.” Jake asked the stranger at the door.
He handed Jake his card.  It said, “Theodore McGuire of Marquette, MI, had a phone listed.”, will you ask Ms. McKelly to give me a call, I am interested in buying the Lodge. I understand it is for sale.”
“Jake, I will talk to the gentlemen,” Sarah stepped up behind the boy.  Jake give her the calling card. Sarah looked at the card. “Mr. McGuire can I help you.  I am Miss Sarah Baker,  I represent Ms. McKelly’s interest in selling this house. She has authorized me to handle any transactions and inquiries from potential buyers.  I am a licensed Estate Auctioneer and presently appraising the contents of this lodge for an upcoming auction.” Sara explained.
“May I see those contents Miss Baker, I am searching for certain pieces from the 1920 era in billiard tables, and Poker tables for a game room I am adding to my mansion. I would be most interested in knowing if the lodges collection should have what I am looking for. I assure you I can pay any price you ask.” McGuire pleaded.
“I am sorry Mr. McGuire, my client does not wish to preview any of the contents, You, will have time to look over the inventory list and descriptions of each piece to be auctioned off, 48 hours prior to the Auction late October of this year.  Not until then.” Sarah insisted.
“Miss Baker, I will double any price you name if it is the right piece I seek.” McGuire implored.
“I am sorry, Mr. McGuire, but Ms. McKelly is firm on this, and I agree with her.  This is a large lodge, and with 3 floors of period pieces, I don’t expect my appraisals and research will be finished in time as it is.  You will have to take your chances with the other collectors. I have your Card sir I will make sure to put you on the mailing list when we send out the descriptions of the pieces and that will be sold in October. Good day sir”. Sarah tried to shut the door on him, but McGuire stock his foot in the door.
“Miss Baker, I am not accustomed to cheeky dirty blonds telling me no! I will not wait until October, you will be seeing me again soon and this time I will not take no for an answer.”  Jake and Caesar stepped back in view. McGuire pulled his foot out and returned to his car where his driver, a beefy rough looking man got out and opened the back door for him. Then drove off.
“Thanks Jake, Caesar, I guess he had courage to bully a cheeky dirty blond but face two strapping young men made his bowels turn to Jelly.” Sarah told the boys.
“That’s alright Sarah, just reprising my former role as a Bully, got lots of practice I am sorry to say.” Jake replied.
“Just don’t tell Aunt Nellie, if she would have answered the door, she would have pulled that Snubbe of hers out and shot the fool.  You did know she had a Smith and Wesson strapped to her ankle?” Sarah panicked. 
“Don’t worry Sarah, we all know, she is not that good at hiding the thing. Needs to come up a bit higher on her leg, or a lower hemline on her dresses.” Jake shared.
“Can’t pull anything over you boys can we. I’ll not tell the old girl she needs to lower her hemline, she does take some pride in those legs of her.” Sarah said.  “I do believe we can expect guest tomorrow night for sure. Tell the others. I’ll let Aunt Nellie know we had a visitor.  I need to check up in the attic and see what the chatter is on the tree stand. An hour later she confirmed it was differently on for Midnight tomorrow night.  She confirmed this with Commander Smith. Until then, the boys did what boys do. 
The rough housing was reaching a feverish level in the Tv room. Nerves where being frayed. Sarah suggested a diversion down to the mine’s, She, took the rowdiest boys with her, which was the Twins. Being a geologist in a former life, she wanted to inspect the mine.  She read the chapter out of Denny’s book, so expected she would find some traces of the Rare Red Beryl.  Here and there she found evidence of Red Beryl in small fragments lying about in the tunnels. But no veins that would interest McGuire.  She told the twins how the vain branched from the central view down the two tunnels, until all the vein of the Rare Red Beryl was removed. Judging by the size of each tunnel it could have easily yielded a 1000 tons of ore. Sarah always kept a Geologist kit with her, so she had a pick and chisel to work lose interesting samples.  With her cell she took picture of where those samples came from. The Three had managed to cover the length of the two branch tunnels and the central tunnel. The twins noted the airshafts, four total.  Sarah noticed the dryness of the tunnels which was a good sign that they had not dug deep enough to hit the water table.  
Returning back from the end of the central tunnel taking pictures she missed a fissure above her head just beyond past the first branch and between the stairwell up into the lodge.  The Tunnels where cut through solid rock, with very little support system needed.  The area was geologically stable.  She would advise Aunt Nellie that new core samples should be taken to determine the depth of soil and thickness of the rock to judge the stress on the mine from above.  It’s been here for 100 years, and still no sign of any major shifting or collapses. Should last another 100 year if not a 1000’s years.  Though mother earth can be a fickle mistress. Sarah and the twin arrived back to the lodge finding  dinner being prepared. She sent the twins to the shower, and herself too. She would take a closer look at her samples and pictures later.  
After Dinner Sarah reviewed the chatter on the Tree Stand, she caught one conversation she didn’t like. “Davy, I tell you McGuire is pissed, he didn’t like this Sara Baker not at all. He was of the mind striking tonight but I convinced him that the men were not ready he brought with him. That new guy I recruited convinced me that often hasty  alterations of a plan can backfire on you. You and I both know how it cost us when we got too eager on that last job.  We ended up at Joliet for five years because we let some outsiders talk us into pushing ahead the scheme, we spent weeks sitting up. I told McGuire he could count us out if he was going to go tonight.  Without you, he wouldn’t have a chance to open that table up.  It would be a waste of time for him trying.” 
“Listen, I overhead him talking to that goon of a driver of his. He wants that driver to set up a demonstration in the garden in back of the lodge. A small explosion to scare them to behave.  Something about a small gunpowder blast all bang and flash to frighten them. I told him I didn’t like the idea, that it could hurt them and us.  He said his Driver was a former movie studio special effects pyrotechnic expert. It’s all show it will be far enough away from the Lodge it be no worse than a couple of M-80’s going off. Leave a hole in the ground no bigger than a football. Told him we would not go through with it, not want we signed on for. He threaten me he wouldn’t pay us what he owed us. We get our money, we are cutting ties with this crazy. I tell you Davy we shouldn’t have signed on for this.” Paul said.
“We don’t have any choice now, we are in to deep Paul.” Davy said.
“I know, I made McGuire show me the thing, it’s looks like a standard M-80 so, I suppose it will be harmless. He wants that driver to set it off just as we enter the building, it will put them off guard. Get them up out of bed and running into our arms, too scared to resist us.” Paul said. “Time you get back to the B & B for some rest Davy, don’t tell Douglas about the driver, he might get skittish not show up.”
“I won’t Paul, see you in the morning.” End of conversation.
Sarah sat there going over the ramification, then decided to tell Aunt Nellie and the boys.  If they thought there was risk, she would have Andrew and the Coast Guard pick up McGuire and the DeMuir brothers now and put an end to everything. She went down stairs and called a house meeting. “I just reviewed a conversation from the tree stand from want the conversation was, McGuire’s driver plans to surprise us with a little pyrotechnic show in the back yard.  it’s an M-80 most likely a type a movie studio would use for special effects. All bang and flash.  Just scare tactics. It would under normal conditions scare everyone. But you boys would be in the mine some 65 feet deep and wouldn’t even hear the thing go off. Aunt Nellie and I would be expecting it, we  would act accordingly be frighten and run into their hands. When you boys don’t show up, it would still mean a delay for them looking for you. 
The Coast Guard would act sooner than expected when that M-80 goes off which would be okay, get the darn thing over with.  I could add a charge of felony bombing to the list. I am leaving it up to you and Aunt Nellie. We call if off now and cut our loses, round them up tonight before they are any wiser.” Sarah told them.
“I have handled them before, they are overgrown firecrackers, yes they can blow you hand off if you are careless and can get kick up some dirt.  As you said Sarah, all bang and flash.” Jake said.
“Maybe the goon will drop it on his foot and blow his toes off.” Roy said.
“That’s enough Roy, wishing doesn’t make it happen. This goon as you put it sounds like he knows what he is doing. I don’t think it is going to harm us in the house or the boys in the mine.  I say we go through with it knowing we will have the goods on them and won’t have to brother with them again Sarah.” Aunt Nellie said.
“Well boy’s it’s up to you, yes we cut our losses, or No, we stick this through. I have to be honest with you as an FBI agent, we are trained not to take risks in matter’s like this when it’s an unknown.  We are also trained to do it by the book in sitting up a sting and I say this sting is by the book every step worked out in advance and no steps left out. Even the best laid plans can go south after it’s put into action. I can live with myself if we call it off. It wouldn’t be the first time for me. Want you say boys.” Sarah asked. The boys said let’s do it. 
“Then let’s do, we still have one drill tonight. What you did last night, don’t try to beat the clock and do it faster, that’s where you make mistakes.  You got two hours before bed time relax watch a movie and pop some corn.  In the morning you get the cots in your rooms down to the mine and beds made up.  After that go out and be seen around the lodge.  In fact, go down to the beach, Commander Smith would like to meet that jokester called Charley. He said he and the boys haven’t had such a good laugh in ages.” Sarah said.
Charley stood up and bowed. “Thank you, Thank you.  You really, really like me, for an encore I will sing an Irish lullaby.” In his best Irish Brogue, he started singing. “Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral, Too-ra-loo-ra-li, Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral, Hush now, don’t you cry.”
“Will someone shut that boy up, he’s off key again.” Aunt Nellie shouted.
***

In the morning, the boys put the last stage of the ruse in order. Left their rooms with sleeping pillows under blankets. Then carried the cots down to the mine, made up cots, and brought down their food supply.  They left a flashlight up in the pantry, and the two battery and gas lanterns on the tables in the mind. They had the two-way radio waiting for them in the mine.  The boys paid a visit to the beach pavilion and was greeted my Commander Smith and his lieutenant in charge of the assault team. When Charley was introduced, several communications tech’s saluted Charley.  Commander Smith presented Charley with an honorary certificate making him the moral office of the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Huron.  Charley was speechless, couldn’t even come up with a joke. He graciously accepted the Honor, the boys in unison quoted.  “They really, really like him.” Which broke up the commander and his officers. The boys spent a few hours on the beach, Commander Smith giving them a tour of the staging area.  Then Jake unlocked the boat house and showed the Commander the vintage 1940 Chris Craft, 19-foot custom Runabout Barrel back classic wooden boat with inboard engines, Christen “O’Tomas Folly”.  The Commander stood there just as stunned as the boys had been when they first saw it
“I would like to shake the hands of the proud owner of that beautiful lady?” The Commander asked.
“That would be Sir,” Denny said, holding his hands out. Instead of a hand shake, the Commander saluted.
“Captain may I have the honor of going aboard sir.”
“Honor granted Commander” Denny saluted back.  Commander Smith inspect the helm, then opened the portal to the inboard engine.  He gave a long whistle, closed the portal, and returned to the boat house deck.
“That is one fine engine Captain Denny. May I be so bold to ask what she is valued at sir.” Captain Denny whispered in his ear.  Commander Smith replied. “Out of my pay rage, Sir.” Then smiled. “you lucky boy.” The lieutenant approached and saluted the Commander.
“Sir, Agent Baker reports that the boys are wanted at the lodge for lunch.” Saluted and returned to his post.
“You heard the lieutenant, report to the mess hall at once, you are dismissed.” The commander saluted the boys and returned to his own duties. The boys raced up the trail back to the lodge. If they had walked up, they might have notice a few sailors in camo among the scrub and bushes along the trail.
Back at the lodge, the boys greeted Aunt Nellie in the kitchen, saluted Aunt Nellie. “Crew of the “O’Tomas Folly” and her Captain Denny reporting for mess, Madame.” Then broke ranks and sat down at the table. Sarah looked puzzled.  Aunt Nellie explained the O’Tomas Folly was Denny’s 1940 Chris Craft, 19-foot custom Runabout Barrel back classic wooden boat with inboard engines, and by Maritime Law its captain.  After Lunch, the boys pitched in with Mess Duty. Charley showed Aunt Nellie his Honorary Moral Officer of the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Huron. She gave Charley a big hug and told him he might just go places as a comedian, just don’t sing.
The boys spent the rest of the afternoon up in the playroom watching the video feet from the six camera’s Sarah’s drone had planted. It wasn’t HD but did a very good job with details. Three O’clock was approaching when Aunt Nellie would call the caretaker on the intercom.  Asking Mr. Jones if he could come to the lodge to check on a problem in the pump house.  He arrive a few minutes later in his Jeep.  Aunt Nellie and Sarah meet him at the front door. Taking him to the kitchen Sarah revealed herself as an FBI Agent and what was about to be going down this evening at the lodge. He took the news quite well in fact.  Sarah showed him the secret stairwell down to the mine gave him a brief tour down the central tunnel to the first branch.  Then returned up to the lodge asking him to check the pump house out, work as if there was something serious.  Just don’t turn the power off to the lodge or the beach. Then join us for dinner. Sarah showed him the playroom command center where the boys where monitoring the video feed and listening in on the tree stand. He was at a loss at not spotting the tree stand. He was impressed by the command center.  He was willing to play the helpless hostage. Sarah gave him a condensed version of the ruse they were going to play and his role in it.  As far as she knew the raid on the lodge was still on. Sarah was interrupted by Jake.
Sarah, Paul is back at the tree stand, listen. Jake said.
“Come down Davy, McGuire wants us back in town to get ready for tonight. No need to be watching them now, don’t want to take the risk you are spotted.  The road from town will be watched if any of them come back into town. We will  handled that if they should. Make sure you left no evidence that can link to us.  Leave everything else as it is, we won’t be using it again.” Conversation ended. There was background noise then that too ended.” Jake asked if he should turn the recording off. Sarah told Jake to leave in in Auto record for now. Just in case they return to it later.
“As you can see Mr. Jones, we have been listening to much of the conversation between the two brothers.  The camera’s where planted last night by a Drone drop.  The beach is covered by the Coast Guard, and we have the camera’s covering the road, the cottage, and the lodge.  We have about 4 hours before its time to send the boys to the mine for cover. An hour after that if they are on time, things will go down fast. By experience is may seem like hours, but in reality, 20 minutes at the most.  Then hours of interviews, debriefings, and report writing. We might as well join Aunt Nellie in the kitchen, the boys can handle things up here until we call them for Dinner.
***

Time stated to go really slow for the boys after dinner. The clock in the Tv room seem to get louder and louder, one slow tick at a time.  Caesar let Charley win at Gin Rummy. Jimmy and Roger had a racing video game going on the tv, but their hearts were not in it. Jake, Ricky, and Roy where playing a board game. Aunt Nellie in her pj’s and robe, and Mr. Jones in borrowed Pjs and robe from Jake where in the kitchen talking sundry things. Sarah was up in the playroom in her pj’s and robe, keeping a close eye on the video monitors. No movement yet. Eleven o’clock finally arrived, Sarah hollered at the boys in the Tv.  “It’s zero-hour boys, take your post. Jimmy turned off the video game and tv. Then followed the boys to the kitchen and one by one, Aunt Nellie gave them a short hug as they entered the pantry each grabbed their flashlight and down the stairwell to the mine. Jake was the last to enter he swung the wall shut. Sarah stacked pantry items up against the wall and floor, then turned the light off, and closed the pocket door.  She told Aunt Nellie to go to her room and to bed.  She took Mr. Jones up to Jakes room on the second floor and told him to wait until he heard the M-80 go off. She will be up in the playroom watching  for them to arrive, then would come down to her room to wait. 
She sat  up in the playroom watching he video.  At midnight Two cars and a van arrived and stopped just past Johnson Creek. One sedan was Mr. McGuire, the smaller car, was Andrew Capp, and the Van had the DeMuir brothers and four other guys in it.  Paul DeMuir got out of the van to have a conversation with McGuire, then Andrew,  then Andrew pulled past headed for the cut off to the cottage, Sara saw him stop at the cottage and check inside, he stalled for time as planned by Sarah. He then stepped out of the cottage and got his cell phone out. Sarah watch Paul  answer his phone. A brief conversation then hung up. He spoke to McGuire, then got back into the Van headed to the cut off and to the cottage. McGuire Following the Van. 
They arrived at the gate where Andrew was working on the lock with a tire iron, another delay.  That was Sarah’s cue to leave the attic. She slide the bookcase to its locked position then went down to the second floor, then knocked on Mr., Jones door four times, the signal they are at the gate now.  She phoned Aunt Nellie in her room “They are on their way to the lodge.” Then from her room she used her Two-Way, to radio the twin to the boys in the mine. “It’s a go boys, stay put.”  Then she readied herself for the bang and flash that would draw Mr. Jones, Aunt Nellie, and her out of their rooms. She heard the vehicles pull up to the lodge, muffled voices outside.  Then the front and back door bust open, a enormous bang rattled the windows in the lodge, broken class shattering all over on the first floor around the back of the house.  Sarah swore that was no M-80. Then she heard a rumble and the lodge shook. She ran out the door and down the stairs, with Mr. Jones behind her. Aunt Nellie was in the kitchen covered in dust, that was rising out from the pantry, Aunt Nellie face frozen in terror realizing what had just happened.  Andrew came in from the front door with  Davy and Paul, Andrew had his service revolver at their backs.  Sarah grabbed two pairs of handcuff’s from her robe and cuffed the brothers. Then Andrew yelled want happened Sarah. Aunt Nellie woke up from her terror. The mine it collapsed, she fell to the floor in a dead faint.  Mr. McGuire crawled in from the mudroom one of his legs a bloody mess. Then loss consciousness.  Mr. Jones grabbed the first aid kit off the wall and applied a tourniquet around McGuire’s leg.  Then went over to Aunt Nellie and applied smelling salt under her nose. She tried to rise. Mr. Jones help her into a kitchen chair. Then got a dishcloth from the counter and wetted it down, then applied a cold compress to Aunt Nellies forehead. He looked around for Sarah and Andrew they were just coming out of the pantry.  Sarah told Mr. Jones that the central tunnel collapsed just about 15 feet from the stair case.  She had the two-way radio in her hands. She turned to Aunt Nellie, the boys are safe, they are trapped between here the first branch off the tunnel where they had been waiting.  Seconds later Commander Smith and a team came in from the front door. Saw the injured man on the floor.  He spoke on his radio and order a medic stat Code Trauma one, front door to back of house into kitchen.  He turned to Sarah, 
“What happened here Agent Baker?”
“The mine collapse from that explosion, the boys are trapped between here and the first branch off the central Tunnel. They are okay but shaken up.  I am in communication with them on channel two on the Two-Way Commander.” Sarah said. Two medics arrived and started work on McGuire.
“Well, that would explain the 4-foot drop  in the side yard off the back door. About 20 ft. by 15 ft. By men had to skirt around it.  The back door and overhang is in shambles from the blast blocking the way in. It would appear there are two bodies under the rumble, another is in custody and a seventh guy down in the shallow pit. Half buried up to his waist. I don’t think he is crawling out on his own, One, of his legs is laying in the pit off to the side.  The Commander turns to Aunt Nellie. Mr. Jones is cleaning off her face of dust. “Sorry Aunt Nellie maybe I shouldn’t be so graphic.”
“That’s alright Commander, Aunt Nellie has seen worse I assure you.  I am Sheriff Andrew Capp her Grandnephew by marriage. The Twins Father.  These two in cuffs is the DeMuir Brothers Paul and Davy.  The guy the medics are working on is Theodore McGuire the person behind this mess.  I believe the guy in the pit is McGuire’s driver and goon responsible for the blast, I didn’t see what he was carrying but Sarah reported that it was supposed be a M-80 Commander.”
“More like a small C-4 charge to me Sheriff.” The Commander stated.
“Commander, Andrew was my inside man” Sarah explained.
Lieutenant McDonald came in to the kitchen Saluted the Commander. “Sir, we have an ambulance coming in from Town, and the local fire and rescue.”
“Stand down Lieutenant. I need you to call the Marquette Coast Guard, they can contact the Mine Disaster Rescue team stationed there. Tell them it’s urgent priority One, we have a collapsed mine with children trapped in it. Give the coordinates. How deep is the mine Sarah?” The Commander asked.
“It is estimated at 65’ deep, with 3 horizontal tunnels at that depth roughly 1000 ft each tunnel in length. Accounting to historical records, Mine dates back to 1920. It has 4 vented airshafts behind the blockage where the boys are trapped. They have water, and snacks for 43 days, blankets and cots.  My inspection of the mine shows no methane gas discharge present or past. The blockage is from floor to ceiling, heavy stone up to about 10 feet and 2 feet of earth above that. Tunnels Cut through Solid rock, I thought it was stable Commander.” Sarah reported.
“Lieutenant got that, good, you are dismissed.
“Agent Baker are the air shafts large enough to get the boys out?” The Commander asks.
“The first branch airshaft is reported by the boys to be about 35 inches in diameter at the base. Not sure if that consistent to the top.  They report the shaft is at a 45-degree angle, we have located the top of the shaft previously, it has a small vent cap on top maintained by the caretakers over the years.  Mr. Jones can give you details on where the other shafts can be found on the surface.” Sarah said.  
“Not much we can do until the sun is up. Sheriff Capp keep in touch with the boys let them know we are working to get them out. Assure them to stay calm and warm, ration their water and food.  I am sure we should be able to drop more supplies down to them through the first airshaft in the morning.  I hear the ambulance coming up now.” The commander turned to Aunt Nellie. “Aunt Nellie, are you going to be okay do you need one of my Medics to look you over.” Aunt Nellie didn’t answer.
Mr. Jones told the Commander. “She in shock Commander.”
“Why the hell hasn’t someone told me.” The Commander snapped. The commander hollered for the second medic working on McGuire. “Medic Goodman, Aunt Nellie needs attention, she is in shock.  Andrew get that ambulance crew in here now. Your Aunt needs it more than McGuire.  Medic Sleeman what is your patients status.”
“His leg is mostly lacerations from the blast and the rumble falling on him.  It would appear he was just inside the back door when the blast hit it.  He vitals are thready, but stabilizing. I have his leg wrapped and the bleeding under control.  It would appear he took a glancing blow to the head from fallen rumble. Mild concussion would explain his unconsciousness.” Medic Sleeman responded
“Does he need priority transport Medic.”
“No sir a field hospital tent has been establish out front. I can monitor him there Commander.”
“Then do so medic get a stretcher in here.” Ordered the Commander. 
Andrew returned with the paramedic from town. He directed him to Aunt Nellie. Medic Goodman told the paramedic her vitals weak but holding, she is in shock. No obvious wounds or internal injuries.  The paramedic turned to the people in the room, “Anyone here a family member?”
Andrew stepped forward. “ I am, she has a history of heart failure 12 months ago blockage two stents. On medication for blood pressure, cholesterol. Heart diet.   Age estimated at 82. Family physician Dr. Sersha Capp, Capp clinic, Grand Apple Valley Junction, Michigan. Andrew pulled out a card from his wallet and handed to the paramedic. It had the clinic phone number on it.  I am Sheriff Capp, and your patient is Ms. Nellie McKelly, my great Aunt of Grand Apple Valley Junction.  You have my permission to treat and transport her to the nearest hospital.
“Thank you, Sheriff Capp.” The ambulance attendant camp in with the gurney, They, managed to get Aunt Nellie up and on the Gurney. We will be transporting her to Manistique Memorial Hospital, ETA 15 minutes.  Where she will be in good care. Will you be following us in sir?
“No, I won’t be able too, I sorry, but I have family trapped in a mine below the lodge. I request that you do not share that fact publicly, or what you see here at the lodge. It is a joint FBI and Coast Guard crime scene. I believe you understand what that means, Gentlemen no press.
“Yes Sir, Am I to understand Dr. Capp is your wife Sir.” 
“Yes, she is, and I have got to call her before you get to the hospital.  I don’t want her to get the news from the hospital before I call her.” 
“Yes, sir time we get your aunt on her way, you have a card so the hospital can contact you sir?” The paramedic asked. Andrew hands them his card.  Minutes later they had Aunt Nellie on her way.
“Where the Hell is Agent Baker and Mr. Jones?” Commander Smith hollers.
“They were here a moment ago.” Andrew tells the Commander.
“Let’s find them Sheriff before they fall in that damn pit, no telling how unstable it is around the perimeter.”
The Commander and the Sheriff reach the back of the Lodge where Lights have been set up to illuminate the back yard.  several seamen are working to retrieve the bodies under the back-porch rumble. Fire Rescue is attempting to retrieve the body from the pit. Sarah and Mr. Jones is nowhere to be seen. Spotting Lieutenant McDonald the Commander hollers. “Lieutenant McDonald, Front and Center.”
Lieutenant McDonald races over, salutes.  “Yes Sir,”
“Have you seen Agent Baker and the caretaker, Lieutenant?”
“Yes, sir, last seen entering the Pump house, then exiting with what appeared to be a large coil of 1-inch robe. They borrowed a lantern from a seamen, Sir. Heading off down the trail toward the beach Sir.”
“What the darnation are those two up to Sheriff? Hand me your flashlight Lieutenant and find one for the Sheriff.”  Commander Smith orders. Suddenly there is a rumble below their feet, Fire rescue races back from the edge of the pit has it settled another foot. “That can’t be good Sheriff”, Lieutenant, order everyone back from the Pit. We need to wait until sunrise.  When is Marquette Mine rescue coming Lieutenant?”
“ETA 45 minutes, advance team by Huey UH-1H, Sir. Convoy with equipment ETA 2 hours. That was 15 minutes ago Sir.” They felt another tremor weak and shorter this time. There was no more settling of the pit.
“Lieutenant return to your duties and keep the people away from the pit.  Let the expects rescue that body. Come on Sheriff the trails over here, we will have to be careful the edge of the pit is within a few feet of the trail’s entrance. We can cut through a corner of the woods back to the trail. Thirty feet down the trail, the spotted a marker, three sticks formed into an arrow pointed left off the trail. Twenty feet in they spotted what appeared to be an animal Trail cutting across their path, another arrow of sticks point left down the trail. Fifteen feet in they spotted a lantern swinging back and forth whoever was carrying it was heading this way. Suddenly Sarah and Mr. Jones carrying Denny, appeared, they spotted each other at the same time. Sarah and Mr. Jones stepped to the side and behind them was the boys. Seven dirty urchins covered in dirt, head to toe. Two of the urchins spotted the Sheriff screamed and ran into the arms of their Father.  Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger each got a hug by the Sheriff.  Jake and Caesar stood back from the group.  The Sheriff looked up at Jake. Come here Jake, I know your Father wouldn’t want you to be left out. Jake got a hug too. Moments later, he looked at Caesar. “You must be Caesar. Your Mother would not mind if I gave you a hug too.” Caesar stepped into the Sheriff arms crying. All the boys where crying tears of joy, mixed with release of the terror they experienced. The Commander spotted Denny in Mr. Jones arms. 
“Mr. Jones, is the boy hurt bad.” The Commander asked.
“I don’t think so sir, he was alright when we hauled him out of the air shaft. Then he collapsed. Charley tells me he had one of his spells. I am not sure I understand Sir.” Mr. Jones said.
“I do, Mr. Jones,” Sheriff Capp steps up and takes Denny from Mr.  Jones. “Denny has a high functioning Autism Syndrome when he is under stress, he shuts down.  His way of coping. I am surprised he has managed to go this long without shutting down. We just need to put him to bed, and in time he will wake up. The Twins are very good at watching over him until he does. I suggest we do just that.
Mr. Jones and Sarah led the Commander, the Sheriff, and the boys down the trail.  Commander Smith noticed a cat in Sarah’s arms. 
“Mr. Noodles I presume.” The Commander said.
“Yes, sir, the real hero of the night, Mr. Noodles led the boys down to the second branch tunnel just as that second tremor hit. I fear more earth has shifted where the boys would have been. I knew that second shaft was wide enough to bring the boys out. With Sarah helping we pulled the Four smaller boys, out first. The rest climbed up the robe.  The shaft is straight up and down, some 40 inches in Diameter, 60 feet down at that end of the tunnel system.” Commander.
“I must compliment you Mr. Jones and you to Agent Baker for your quick thinking.  You too Mr. Noodles, I think my ship’s cook has a fresh catch of perch in the galley. All you can eat.”  Mr. Noodles looked up at the Commander, linked his lips in anticipation. “I guess that’s “a let me at it Commander”. Laughed the Commander. 
The Commander, the Sheriff, Agent Baker, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Noodles leading the group entered into the back yard. When Lieutenant McDonald spotted the Commander and the boys with him, he shouted. “Commander on deck”  All the Coast Guard members turned and saw the boys with the commander. They stood to attention and Saluted at the boys, their Commander, as they walked by.
“At ease men”, the Commander order. His men returned a sharp saluted yet remained at attention as the commander turned around the corner of the lodge.  The Commander brought the boys around to the hospital field tent and ordered the medic to check the boys over.  Sheriff Capp handed over Denny to the medic and explained his ASD. Over the tree’s the Commander  heard the Huey arriving. “Mr. Jones is there a place that bird can land?”
“Yes. Commander at the cottage. I’ll take the jeep down and meet them.”
“Communications.” Poking his head into the tent. “tell that bird to land at the cottage.”  Get someone to commandeer that Blue van and get down their pronto.”
Sheriff Capp handed the Commandeer a bunch of keys. ”Didn’t want them to have a chance to get away Commander.”
A seamen stepped up saluted the Commander. “Seamen Torri, one of these keys fits the blue van over there, get your butt down to the cottage to meet that Huey.” Turning to the Sheriff. “I do believe you have a phone call to make to your wife.”

Conclusion

Yes, Sersha, the boys are fine. They been checked out by the Coast Guard medic, a very capable person.  Denny did shut down to be expected, he’s fine too. Other than inhaling dust, and grit in their eyes, they will be all okay. The medic checked their lung capacity and had them do deep lung compressions and breath out and in. Some coughing and their lungs cleared.  They had the eyes flushed thoroughly. The tunnels had airshafts and amble air, no gases.  Yes, I did take them to the hospital for an overnight stay just to be sure.  Aunt Nellie is awake, more emotional shock then physical. When she heard the boys were out of the mine, she breathed easier and rested.  The Doctor say her vitals are strong. Though they did give herr a mild sedative to calm her nerves. Yes, Sersha, I know you want a divorce, but what would you do without all the drama in your life.” The Sheriff held the phone away from his ear, letting Dr. Mom vent some more. Listen Dear, everyone is okay.  The lodge has been checked out by a structural engineer. Other than broken windows, a few cracks in the plaster, and the mess of the back porch, the lodge is sound as an Irish fiddle. As for the hole in the back yard, it is being excavated as we speak to get access to the blockage in the mine. Sarah has her reasons for this which I will explain when we get back to Grand Apple Valley Junction with the boys, and Aunt Nellie. When, in 6 days.  I’ve got a debriefing with the FBI, the boys and Aunt Nellie have a debriefing, and Sarah has a debriefing.  Commander Smith has a debriefing. The whole Town wants a debriefing, so far, we have kept a tight led on the matter until all the debriefing is done.  By then I should be standing stark naked in the middle of Thompson. Yes Sersha, I know you want to be here, but you have patients to deal with and you need to be my factor with the boy’s parents to keep them updated. Yes, Roger and Jake have called their parents, and Jimmy has talked with his Mother.  Listen Sersha, I need to go, Sarah’s supervisor has just arrived for one of those debriefings. See you soon, yes, I will tell  the twins to give you another call.  Bye.” The Sheriff turned his cell off.
As briefings went, they were rather repetitive each having shared particulars, and then point of views from each parties involvement.  In the end, the FBI concluded Sarah did an excellent job, the Coast Guard where exemplary in their responses to the crisis at hand when the mine collapsed.  The only bone of contention was Sarah, she blamed herself for letting the operation proceed on the boy’s wishes they go through with it. She should have called it off when the issue of a possible bomb threat and not knowing for a fact it was just an M-80. It was concluded by the FBI lab that fragments of the bomb was composed of a C-4 explosion used in mining for digging tunnels and strip mining. The DeMuir brothers are facing felony charges as accessories’ to murder, attempted murder,  Felony bombing, and extortion. They  turned state’s evidence against McGuire.  
McGuire recovered from his mild concussion and leg injuries.  At first, he tried to claim he suffered brain damage and couldn’t remember how he got injured and woke up in the hospital. Then some story about my driver made a wrong turn off the road and they found themselves lost and ended up at the lodge, never been there before. There was lights on in the Lodge. He had his driver knock at the front door, but when there was no answers, had him try the back door, they both went around the lodge to the back. Thats all he remembers.  When the FBI showed him the video footage of his arrival at the lodge the day before, and his arrival with a group of men, and replayed the phone conversations, he tried a different tactic.  He tried to worm his way out of any blame for the bombing, that he didn’t know his driver had an explosive device with him. When they showed the video footage of the blast zone, the two bodies under the back porch, and the dead body of his driver in the pit he shut his trap and asked for his lawyer. 
Then they told him about how that Bomb collapsed the mine ceiling on 8 boys hiding in the mine. He blanched and broke down confessing everything. How he was after the mining rights was trying to threaten the Lodge orders to sell those rights over to him.  He knew there was veins of rare Red Beryl found on the property back in 1920 and mined.  He had new core samples drilled in secret on the property around the lodge where the original mine used to be. He found new evidence that there was an undiscovered vein still on the property. He had also learned about the original mineral rights and the 101-year lease of those rights were still in effect.  He had the original copy of the lease in his possession telling him that the lease would soon expire, unless the lease holder or his heirs the 1st party, where to exercise the condition of the original lease extending the 101-year lease to an additional 40 years to the 2nd party of the lease. He was in touch with the 2nd party an heir of Giovanni Matteo Francisco in Italy.  He made the mistake of telling the heir there was a new vein found on the property.  The heir told him he would exercise the extension clause and mine the ore for himself. 
McGuire told the FBI he had the Francisco’s original lease stolen before sitting  fire  to the document room where the lease was stored.  The Francisco heir believed the lease destroyed and without the O’Tomas lease he had no way to prove his claim.  McGuire told how he hired the DeMuir brothers to search for the lease in the vacant lodge to have it destroyed then he could buy the lodge and have the mineral rights. The DeMuir brothers discovered an old diary in the library telling how the lease was hidden in the lodge, with a riddle that had to be solved.  We spent a year solving that riddle which led us to the poker table in the games room with it clever mechanism that Davy tried to solve and open it up. Then the old lady showed up claiming she was the trustee of the O’Tomas estate and legal guardian of it heir. One of the kids she brought up with her to the lodge.  I was desperate when she refused to sell me contents of the lodge. I didn’t mean to kill those kids or my men. You got to believe me.  
Then the FBI dropped the last shoe on him. The mine was worthless, there is no new vein of rare Red Beryl. Whoever your Geologist was wrong they cost the lives of several. McGuire was charged  with murder, attempted murder, Felony Bombing, attempted Kidnapping, extortion, and they were sure the Italian police would be interested in arson charges as well.  Agent Sarah before leaving McGuire’s Hospital prison room, told McGuire the 8 boys in the mine, they made it out alive. Can’t say the same for your henchmen. Agent Sarah told McGuire, that his Brother-in-law copped a plea, admitting his involvement covering up your illegal trespassing and drilling on the property.  Prosecutors are considering accessory after the fact, he will be facing much of the same charges McGuire and the DeMuir brothers are.
***

Back in Grand Apply Valley Junction, Aunt Nellie, the Sheriff, and Agent Sarah have called a house meeting with the boys at the boathouse.  Caesar has arrived in town to visit the boys, no worse for the wear from his ordeal last month.  Agent Sarah had an earlier conference with Aunt Nellie and Denny earlier that morning.  The house meeting now was to bring everyone together to discuss the future of the lodge. Sarah started off with. “You might be wondering why I am having the mine excavated when I should be filling in the pit and leaving it has is.  First, I want to tell you that Aunt Nellie as trustee of the estate, and Denny as the heir of that trust have agreed to the reason why. Second, outside of the section of the mine that  collapsed I have had sonar mapping and other testing’s of the mine’s integrity. The expects agree the mine is sound and safe. Outside of the one flaw I missed in my earlier tour of the mine. That flaw may well have been there a 100 years ago, and unless an earthquake struck this area that section of the mind would not have collapsed for another hundred years. However, that C-4 charge was just enough to cause that flaw to shift and 65 feet of earth and stone had to give. We are lucking the boys were not under that area of the central tunnel.  In my earlier tour of the Tunnels, I took samples off the mine’s rocks in various areas of the mine, walls, and floor, and discovered nothing, my samples from the ceiling however, are very interesting.  
“McGuire told me he drilled ore samples and found evidence of the rare Red Beryl still on the property.  One hundred years ago Geological testing and technically was very primitive compared to what we have today.  Like sonar and computer analyses.  Core samples can suggest what is in the ground at one given spot. Layers of soil and rock formation.  They can miss much.  Today with our technology we can determine much more then what a single core sample can.  The Francisco Mining company dug 3 tunnels down 65 feet and 1000 feet long. The mine played out for them. They did not have sonar to tell them that 20 feet above their tunnel ceiling is another layer of Red Beryl ore. Sonar shows that the original vein was down 65 feet and another vein above it some 30 feet thick by just under 900 feet in length right down the central tunnel. That puts that vein just 20 feet below the surface. About 30 feet from the lodge north wall starting just past the first branch of the tunnel where the flaw in the rock was. If the Francisco company had dug upward, they would have found the top vain. Instead, they found the beginning of a lower vein and proceeded from there.”
“With Aunt Nellies and Denny permission I have been in touch with the Francisco Mining Company still in business in Italy with interest around the world for rare Red Beryl and other color Beryl used in the glass blowing Industry famous around the world.  They assure me that a small strip-mining operation could remove that vein if the tunnels below were shored up to support the weight of the strip-mining equipment.  To costly, so we are going to fill in the mine from below, with dirt to the length of each tunnel it would mean tons of earth, which we already have pile building up.  More would brought in. Once the tunnels are filled then the Tree’s would be cut back about 900 feet creating a corridor for the strip-mining to begin.  Francisco Mining says that about a six-month operation top.  As they did once before, they will restore land, return the top soil that was dug up, then new soil on top, plant new trees. Denny suggested that a tennis court, basketball court and car garage could be built on the spot giving the lodge a new purpose as a seasonal lodge. Even a heated pool, as Denny said Lake Michigan is just too cold even in the summer. I agree.”  
“This time Denny will retain all mineral rights on the property.  Francesco Mining will pay the estate a percentage of the value of the ore.  They will mine the ore at their expense, lease the equipment, the hiring, and Insurance. Per the original lease agreement as long as it can be done at the end of the original 101-year lease with automatic 6 months extension if needed. I will be taking a leave of absence from the agency for one year and will be acting as Denny’s factor and the onsite Geologist to assure that both parties are honoring the spirit of the lease entered into by their ancestors. The improvements at the lodge will be financed by the fee’s Denny will receive from the Francisco Mining company.  Which by current value of the rare Red Beryl, will be 6 times what it was worth in 1920.  Denny may even be wealthier then Aunt Nellie by this time next year.
“Fat chance of that.” Aunt Nellie said.

A Word from the Author

I hope you have enjoyed the further adventures of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  In our next adventure the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club become the Grand Eight. The boys are now nearing another birthday, and planning another Summer adventure, that is if they can solve the mystery of “The Lake that went Missing”.  Until next time remember this, “You can’t miss what you never had, but you can miss what is in front of you” Duck.
