The Dragon Lady of Hamilton High
By
Lady Li Andre

For Anna

Published by Lady Li Andre at Smashwords

Copyright 2015 Lady Li Andre

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
About Lady Li Andre
1
I knew the moment I saw the car parked across from the school entrance that my world was going to be shifting again. But that was normal. I moved toward the car and pulled the bubble of stillness around myself. Kids whizzed past on skateboards, half of them shouting angry profanities while the other half experimented with words of love toward others they didn't really know. This was the standard Friday release. Like a dam bursting, the pent up energy rolled outward from the doors all around me. I tried to envision myself a small bubble floating on top of the chaotic waves around me.
I wouldn’t miss any of the kids. I have learned not to miss anyone anymore. I don’t let myself get attached. That’s what really hurts. And we seem to be jumping a lot more lately and usually without warning. This was why I never brought any school books with me. I had once. It had been a library book. That really bugged me and I’d made my mom mail it back. Penance for the fast withdrawal.
I did like this school. It was one of the better ones I’ve attended. The teachers still cared about what they taught and found interesting ways to make all the stuff worth learning. The classes were actually interesting. And I had been in all AP classes. That was better than the school I’d started out the year with. They only offered a few AP classes. I think I might want to go to college someday. If they would let me in. My transcripts might scare them!
I crossed the street. I could see mom sitting in the driver’s seat, looking apprehensive. She was watching everyone. I didn’t see anyone paying the least attention to our old car. As I walked down the sidewalk toward the car, I could see the slight rise of the blankets that covered everything in the backseat. I had been right. Mom was on the move.
I got in the car and shut the door. There was just enough space at my feet for my backpack. The small interior was crammed full – tightly organized. Mom waited for me to put on my seatbelt then pulled out into traffic. I didn’t ask. I never do. I can’t decide if it’s because I’m afraid my mom wouldn’t tell me the reason or because she would tell the reason and I’d be so freaked out that I wouldn’t be able to sleep at night.
I knew this part of the routine quite well. She drove all over Omaha and ended up at the big mall. She found a parking space in the middle of a sea of colorful metal and parked. I helped her push the sun screen into the front window that would not only block out the late afternoon sun but also give us privacy from people passing by. She looked over at me. “I’m sorry, Erin. I didn’t have time to warn you. I didn’t know they had found us until after you left for school this morning.” She pulled out a small cooler, opened it, and handed me a tuna sandwich.
I unwrapped it and concentrated on eating the sandwich. I was taught early on that you shouldn’t do more than one thing at a time. When you are eating, eat. I finished the sandwich. She was watching me. I’m use to that. I considered what I was going to say. “Do you have a destination in mind?”
She leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes. “I just wish I could figure out how they found us so fast. It only took them three weeks this time.”
I closed my eyes and listened to the air moving in and out. Fusan had taught me that tension of the body prevented the mind from properly functioning. The best way to reduce tension was to meditate. I don’t know that I really understood that, or most of all the other things Fusan had taught me when I was little, until I got a lot older. He was the one thing in my life that I really did miss.
Mom’s breathing had become slow and regular. She would sleep until the mall closed. I sighed and opened my backpack. There were four shirts and two pairs of jeans inside. I had discovered them in the lost and found last chance box at lunch time. They had been washed by the school laundry but had some stains. I didn’t care. I liked stains. They gave me a starting point.
I pulled out the first shirt and opened it in my lap. It was a soft sky blue. Not a flashy blue like robin’s egg, but a muted tone, like the sky over the great plains in summer. There was a spackling of white freckles. Bleach spots. I could almost see the pattern of scales if I let my eyes relax.
Fusan had been a Sumi-e master. I had watched him take several hours to contemplate a silk canvas before he ever loaded the brush with ink. Each stroke was a meditation. The act of creation, an infinite symphony. The end result was breathtaking. He gave them away. His family didn’t understand why he didn’t sell them but Fusan didn’t like money. The painting was done and that was it. He didn’t need it anymore. He gave it to people who needed the inspiration.
My art was different. I pulled out the art board and my markers. I could see the dragon hiding in the shirt. I simply drew it out of hiding. Each bleach spot became the highlight of a scale. The dragon form became Fuku Riu, entwining around the shirt with his head looking up on the left shoulder. Maybe he would bring me luck.
By the time it was dark, I had most of the outline finished. I put it away and woke mom. We pulled the sun screen from the window and began our next journey. I don’t know how many miles I’ve traveled in my life. Sometimes the trips are short but more often they are a day or more on the road. I don’t know how my mom does it. It’s like binge driving.
I fell asleep after we got on an interstate. I woke sometime early the next morning as mom was getting gas. That’s the best thing about the interstate. The gas stations never close. When she pulled back onto the road, I could see headlights and tail lights ahead of us. We weren’t the only ones traveling at this hour. I dozed again.
The next day was dreary. The sky swirled with charcoal clouds that spattered rain at intervals. The landscape was bleak. I could tell where the small waterways were by the shrubs that passed for trees. I didn’t need a compass to know we were traveling west. That meant mountains ahead of us. I’ve never cared for driving through the mountains in the snow. I looked over at mom. “How far are we going?”
“Until I find something promising.”
I smiled. Fusan would have approved. I went back to work on the shirt and finished the black details. I had a special set of metallic markers that I’d been given as a gift. I used the gold to give highlights to Fuku Riu’s beard, the mane down his spine, and the fluff at the end of his tail. The end result was striking.
Mom stopped for lunch at a rest area. I got out and stretched. When I got back in, mom was looking at the shirt.  “Which dragon is this?”
“Fuku Riu. He’s a Japanese luck dragon.”
She looked uncertain. “Do you think we need some luck?”
I didn’t say anything. I don’t believe in luck. I would much rather pay attention. We stopped again in the afternoon. According to the signs, we were in Boise, Idaho. Mom found a mall and we repeated the sun screen routine. I pulled out a pair of faded black jeans and a gray shirt. I had picked these as a set. There was a stain down the side of one leg. I could see the claws of the dragon’s back leg reaching down the leg of the jeans. The tail would twist around the other leg and hide the smaller stains at the knee. The dragon would appear wrapped around me with its head resting on my right shoulder and a claw on the left shoulder. It felt secure.
Mom woke before dark because of a confrontation a few cars away in the parking lot. She couldn’t get comfortable again so we started out early. She turned on the radio. Looking at the sky, I had a pretty good idea of why. It smelled like snow. I just hoped we could beat the storm through the pass. The weather report wasn’t promising. I realized the report had inspired my mother rather than discouraged her.
I had sketched out enough of the dragon to know who it was now. Ladon, the Greek dragon that had guarded Hera’s golden apples. One of the coolest things about dragons is that you can find them all over the world. Every culture seems to have them. Ladon had some serious claws but short stubby wings. I pictured him protecting me as he wrapped around my body with the clothing.
Once it got too dark to see, I put my work away. There were serious mountains all around us. One of the advantages to your mom constantly moving around is that you get really good at geography. These had to be the Rockies.
I didn’t remember falling asleep. I woke when we stopped for gas. I didn’t know what time zone we were in so I had no clue what time it really was. I had a vague flash of more mountains around sunrise but mom wasn’t stopping so I went back to sleep.
When I opened my eyes again, the world was still. The car was quiet. I looked over and mom was looking at me. “I think we’re here.” She sighed. “I’ll be back in a bit.” She got out and walked away from the car.
I sat up and looked around. We were in a city. The buildings beside the car looked older. They were squat as if the gray sky was squishing them down into the ground. There were small businesses on the street level. The windows above suggested apartments. I’d lived in apartments like those many times. It was a one-way street.
Mom came back. It hadn’t seemed very long but she was smiling. “I have a job.” She pointed across the street to a small diner. “I have to be back here by noon.”
I looked at my watch. “Then you’re already late. It’s ten after.”
She started up the car. “Back in Omaha it might be but here it’s just past ten in the morning.” She turned a corner. “One of the waitresses told me there are apartments for rent just a couple of blocks away.”
I pointed out the sign in a store window. “That seems to be the place to inquire.” She parked. I stayed in the car. This was old routine. Everything we owned was in the car right now. One of us always stayed in it or near it until it was unpacked.
She came back a few minutes later. “I think your dragon brought us luck. The apartment is on the second floor.” She handed me a key. “Let’s get things unloaded.”
This was also a familiar routine. Everything was precisely packed in the backseat. There was a card table, two folding chairs, two army cots, two air mattresses, two sets of three plastic drawers of clothes, a bin of cleaning supplies, a bin of kitchen necessities, and a bin of emergency food. The blankets and pillows were draped over all of it to prevent prying eyes from examining the contents. It took about six trips with both of us working together to empty the car.
With the last bin on the counter, I looked out the window. “Are we going to need things from the trunk?” We kept emergency camping gear, sleeping bags, and cold weather gear stored in the trunk. It was just as precisely laid out. Mom had even made a special rack for the spare tire so it was always on top. She would have made a boy scout jealous.
She looked out the window. “We may want extra rain gear. That’s the best part about Tacoma. They don’t get much snow here.”
I finally knew where I was. That was something. State of Washington. I tried to calculate how far away that was from Omaha and gave up. I had no idea what route mom had used to get us here. “We haven’t been in Washington in a while.”
Mom actually laughed. “I said I was never coming back, too. But we aren’t in Spokane. It’s very different on the west side of the Cascades. It’s like Portland.”
I filled the air mattresses with a foot pump and made our beds. “I liked Portland.” We had actually stayed there almost four months while I was in junior high school. It had been a good school and a decent neighborhood.
Mom looked at her watch. “I have to go. The car stays right there. That’s all there is here – street parking. The manager gave me a card to put in the window.” She paused and looked at me. “We’ll be okay.”
I could see the little lines crossing her forehead. I knew them well. She was worried. I hugged her. “We’re both breathing.”
She managed a short laugh and hurried out the door. I stood for some time focusing on the air moving in and out until the last of the excess tension dripped out of me. Then I went on with my normal routine. I pulled the small card out of my backpack that I had made in Omaha and went searching for a phone booth.
Public phones are almost dinosaurs these days. Everyone seems to have a cell phone. I don’t. Mom would have a panic attack if I even suggested getting one. I finally went into the small bookshop at the corner and asked the clerk if she knew where there was a public phone. “Sorry, honey. The kids ripped it off the wall a couple of years ago and they never replaced it. Is it a local call?”
“It’s collect.”
“Come on around the counter. You can use the store’s landline. I’d let you use my cell phone but I’m short on minutes.”
I followed her to a back room. My watch was still set to Omaha time. It was coming up on five there. The phone rang only once. “Sunrise Dojo.” The computerized operator came on and asked the called if they would accept the call from. I said my name. A chime sounded. “Erin! Are you still in the land of the living?”
“Hi, Matt. More like the land of the lost. Is Sensei Danisan finished with classes?”
“Ya, hang five.” He shouted for Sensei. “We’ve been worried about you. When you didn’t show for two days straight, I knew something was wrong. You’re like on time girl, to the max.”
I heard the exchange of voices and Sensei Danisan came on the phone. “Are you safe?”
“I am. I just wanted to apologize for leaving without telling you.”
“That does not matter. Only that you are well. Are you allowed to tell me where you are?”
I had to consider that. I had only known Sensei Danisan for three weeks. Is that enough time to know if you can really trust someone? “I think so. We’re in Tacoma, Washington.”
“Oh. That is a considerable distance. Let me see if I can find someone there in the database.”
I usually use a phone book. There was a stack of them on the desk. “Sensei, I’m calling collect. I don’t want to talk too long. I just want you to know I’m safe. Please wish my classes well for me.”
“Are you certain I can’t do more for you?”
“I’m used to this. I’ll manage. Domo arigato for your time and lessons.”
“You are most welcome, Erin Riu. The best to you.”
I was touched by his addition of Riu to my name. It means dragon. I hung up the phone and went looking for the woman. “You seem to have a stack of phone books. We just moved in upstairs. Could I buy one?”
The woman laughed. “Honey, you can have one. The phone company dumps extras on us all the time.”
I took the phone books – she actually gave me two: the white pages and the yellow pages – and went back up to the apartment. It’s amazing how useful a good phone book can be when you’re new in town. Most have area maps in them. It didn’t take me long to get oriented.
One of the first things I do when we move to a big city is learn a basic set of boxes around my area. I pick major roads at intervals of five or ten so that if I ever get turned around, I know how to find my way back to the apartment. It has saved me several times over. This city was easy. It had a major interstate running through it with a lot of tributaries. And a large body of water ran along beside it – Puget Sound.
Then I moved onto the yellow pages and looked under Martial Arts. There were quite a few listed but only a few within my ten block box. I located them on my roughly drawn map and set out for a walk. I ruled out the closest one without even going in. The kind of people that workout in a dojo tells a lot about the sensei and the overall atmosphere of the place. I saw a couple of guys come out of the first place on my list and kept right on walking.
The second place at least got a slightly longer look. They had large plate glass windows and an instructor was leading a class of mid-range green belts through their katas. The instructor was very stiff. While some people like the Bruce Lee look, it’s never been my thing. So I moved off to the last one on the list.
And I found a school. I looked at the map. I was about 4 blocks from the apartment. That seemed reasonable. The sign outside labeled it as Hamilton High School. It looked older. The building was three stories high and shrouded in tan bricks, like a lot of the buildings in the area seemed to possess. The place was dark but it was Sunday evening.
I continued the last couple of blocks and found the dojo. It was small. The windows hung with colorful bamboo blinds. I could see light through them. The sign on the door claimed it was open. I went in.
I’m very particular when I first enter a dojo. There are things I’ve learned to notice. I like to stand in the doorway for a while and quietly observe the place. There were several small classes going on and at least one extra room that I could see not in use at the moment. The floor was wood. The work area was covered in mats. There were urns of bamboo in the corners of the rooms. The smell was earthy rather than human sweat. There was a slight breeze drifting through the entry room. I caught a hint of incense.
I moved in slowly and startled the guy who had been sitting at the front desk. I had heard him breathing so I knew he was there. He knocked some papers on the floor as he stood up. “Wow! I didn’t hear you come in. Sorry. Welcome to Inyo Dojo. How can I help you?”
His speech was rushed and obviously overused. “Who is the Master here?”
“Uh, that would be Max Gusalli. He’s with a class right now.” He pointed toward one of the rooms.
“Would it be all right if I watched for a bit?”
“Sure. No problem. It’s that room straight ahead.” He bent down to pick up his scattered papers. Looked like homework. I’ve never understood why some kids wait until Sunday night to do their homework.
I left him to his papers and moved toward the room. I decided I liked the small entry room. It had a bubble fountain in the corner I hadn’t been able to see from the doorway. The soft sound was soothing. I stopped in the doorway of the classroom the boy had indicated.
An older man was leading a mixed age class through a Tai Chi form. This was obviously not a beginner’s class. All of the students were familiar with the movements. I watched the fluid flow of the Master. There was neither pause nor stiffness to his form. I was impressed. I had studied Tai Chi under many different instructors. He was definitely one of the top ten that I’ve seen over the years.
The group finished the form. Everyone stood quietly, just breathing. I had found my new dojo. Even without seeing the other classes, I knew this would be a good fit. The group eventually began drifting toward the back of the room, collecting personal belongings and putting on footwear. I stepped to the side inside the doorway and watched the Master interact with his students. His voice surprised me. It was deep with a distinctive accent. Italian. But he spoke softly and slowly. He didn’t rush. His ratings went up in my book.
Most of the class left the room before the boy from the front desk came in. He walked right by me. “Hey, Max. There was a lady here. She was looking for you.”
He smiled. “And she found me.” He put his hands on the boy’s shoulders and turned him around, pointing at me. “I’m guessing that would be her.”
The boy’s eyes went so wide I was worried his eyeballs were going to roll out of their sockets. “Wow! How do you do that?”
I said nothing. The Master chuckled. “I’m afraid you will never know. Thank you Steven. Have a nice evening.” He walked past me shaking his head. The Master approached and bowed.
I returned the bow. “Good evening. I realize this is the end of your day. I don’t wish to keep you if you have other things you need to do.”
“On the contrary. I usually stay at the dojo another hour. My wife is a teacher and uses Sunday evening to prepare her mind for the coming week. My name is Max Gusalli.” He held out his hand.
I accepted the handshake. “I’m Erin Dawson. My mother and I just moved to this area. I’m looking for a place to continue my training. I’m willing to exchange teaching younger classes for more advanced study.”
I could tell Max had been studying me. “What do you wish to learn?”
It had been some time since a Master had asked me that question. “I am open to whatever the Master is willing to teach.”
He smiled. “Very good. I can tell already that you are an accomplished student. This is a very small dojo. I currently have seven junior masters who come in on various days to assist with classes. You are welcome anytime the dojo is open.” He motioned for the door. May I offer you some tea?”
“Thank You.” I followed him out of the room and down the hall toward the back of the dojo. It was much larger than it had first appeared. There were six divided rooms plus the larger room by the entry. He led the way into a small grouping of connected rooms that served as office, kitchen, and supply room. The kitchen opened into another room lined with bookshelves and bamboo. There was another water fountain. 
A girl probably near my age was seated at the table in the center of the room. Max leaned into the room. “Linda, I’m making some tea. Would you like a cup?”
She put down the book and looked up. “That sounds great. Thanks, Max.”
Max motioned to the room. “This is our library. Feel free to borrow any book. The staff often gathers here. This is Linda Valen. She is one of the other junior masters.”
I realized he wanted me to introduce myself. It’s funny. I can introduce myself to teachers or students but I never quite know what to say to my peers. But I went in the room. “I’m Erin.”
Her eyes had widened a little, not as bad as Steven’s but still noticeable. “That is so cool. Your dragon is awesome.”
I looked down at the wrinkled clothes I’d been wearing since Friday morning. The black design stood out on the faded denim. “Thank you.”
Max carried cups and a teapot into the room and set them on the table. “If I’m not mistaken, that dragon is Orochi.”
His ratings rose again. “Yes, it is.” I had gotten all eight heads onto the denim jacket. The body, claws, and tail continued down onto the jeans.
Linda poured the tea. “I’ve never seen anything like that. Are you the artist?”
Max passed me a cup. I could almost feel Orochi wrapping tighter around my body. I held up the tea cup and inhaled the aroma, letting the warmth become my focus to follow the path of my breath. The bubble of calm grew around me. “I draw a lot of dragons.”
Linda put down her cup and moved to the bookshelf. “We have this really neat book on dragon paintings in the orient.”
Max shook his head. “It’s all right Linda. We’ll find it another time. It’s the end of the day. Why don’t you come and sit. Drink your tea.” He sat and I followed his example. I was relieved. We finished our tea in silence. He stood quietly and bowed to me. “I look forward to working with you. Good night.”
I stood and bowed to him in return. “Good night, Master.” I bowed to Linda, too. She just stared at me. I shrugged and left the room. I walked out of the dojo and down the street.
It had gotten dark but I knew where I was and there were enough street lights for me to find my way to the diner. I went in. The place was busy. My mom was working behind the counter. I took a seat on one of the wooden stools. She came over and smiled at me. “I was wondering if you were going to stop in. The food here is pretty good. Are you hungry?”
The noise and smells didn’t go with food in my book. “Not really. I took a walk and found a school nearby. I’ll have to leave a little early tomorrow so I can register.”
I watched my mother’s face wrinkle with worry. My gut tightened. We had just arrived. Was she ready to jump again?

* * *
2
My mom leaned forward on the counter and dropped her voice. “I wish you wouldn’t. What if that’s how they are finding us?”
My stomach turned to rock. “Mom, I have to go to school. It’s the law. Besides, this is senior year. I want to graduate. From someplace.”
She leaned even closer over the counter. “I’m serious, Erin. The entire trip out here I kept thinking about this. They found us in only three weeks. And how long were we in Pennsylvania? Almost three months. But it wasn’t until you went back to school this fall that they found us. What if they are tracking us through your school records?”
I really didn’t want her to get upset. “I’ll talk to the school counselor. Okay? There must be a way to limit who sees my files. That’s supposed to be confidential.”
Someone called her name. “I have to go back to work. Just think about it. Please?” She hurried off toward the kitchen.
I went back to the apartment and took a shower. I needed that. I pulled on sweats. Vasuki, a Hindu water dragon, wove through the threads that enclosed my tired body. I sat on my cot, cross-legged, and closed my fingertips face up on my knees. I listened to the night sounds outside and started a new catalogue for normal. It was something I always did the first night in any new place.
This was all part of the regular pattern for me. Everything had pretty much gone the way it always does every time we change locations. At least I had found a good Master for the next period of time. I needed to remember to warn him about the chance of sudden departure. Tomorrow.
It was still dark out when I woke up. My watch said it was seven in the morning, but that was back in Omaha. I changed the hour to five. There was a garbage truck making rounds on the street outside. My mother’s breathing was regular. She could sleep through things like that. I could, too, if I had to.
I got up and considered which dragon to wear today. The weather felt damp. I needed something to combat that feeling – a desert dragon. I chose Akhekhu. I liked the tan denim. It was different.
There was a note on the table from mom. Look in the fridge. I knew it would be something from the diner. It was better than most of the things mom left for me. There was no grease for a change. It actually looked worth eating. I pulled a container out of the kitchen bin and portioned an amount for lunch, a little for breakfast, and left the rest for my mom. I liked the new diner. Maybe Tacoma wouldn’t be so bad after all.
I took my time walking to school. I like doing that. It gives me the chance to pay attention to the surroundings. Most of the shops were still closed but there were several coffee places open. There seemed to be a lot of those in this town. There were a couple of shops with interesting names or things in the windows that caught my attention. I don’t collect stuff but I like looking at interesting designs.
There were already kids around the school by the time I got there. The largest cluster was on the front steps. They were talking loudly, laughing, and making unimaginative noises. I ignored them. I pulled Akhekhu tighter around me and enclosed myself in my bubble of stillness. I moved up the steps.
There was a boy at the center of the knot on the steps. He was obviously the center of attention. He talked and everyone else listened. They laughed at his jokes. I’ve been to a lot of high schools. There is almost always at least one guy like this in every school. He’s usually a jock – star quarterback or top player at some sport. This boy looked like he could fit the bill physically but his clothes were wrong. Instead of a letter jacket, he wore leather. His jeans were dirty and torn.
There was an unequal mix of kids around him, more guys than girls. They also looked rugged. Bad boys. I considered the school. It’s not like it had space for a football field. So gangs were the focus here instead of jocks. I added that mental note to the new list I was starting in my head and moved past the group.
The boy looked up as I walked by and gasped. “Whoa! Dragon Lady!”
The rest of the group turned to stare at me. I ignored them and kept walking. There were a series of whistles and catcalls that faded behind me as I entered the building. I tried not to let that unbalance me. I usually don’t get noticed. I prefer it that way. Maybe Akhekhu had been a bad choice for the first day.
I went into the office and found a busy secretary. She looked up at me. “What do you need?”
“I need to register for school.”
She pointed to a chair. “I’ll tell the guidance counselor you’re here.” She picked up a phone and talked to someone.
I sat. This was just part of the routine. Things were back to normal. There was a commotion outside the office and the doors pushed open. An adult, probably a teacher, had the boy from the front steps by the shoulder. He released him into the chair next to mine and marched into the office.
The boy was snickering. He turned and looked at me. His expression changed to one of surprise. “What are you in for?”
“Registration.”
“Poor thing.”
The door next to his chair opened and the man came out with another. The muscles stood out on the first man’s neck. He was breathing hard. “He was pounding on him right on the front steps.”
The other man looked down at the boy. “Mr. Burns, can’t you start off the day without beating on your own cousin?”
“What better way to start the day, sir?” The second man frowned and pointed toward the door they had come out of. The boy sighed. “I know. Your office.” He got up and disappeared with the man. The door closed behind them.
The other man shook his head. “I just don’t understand it!” He leaned on the counter by the secretary. “Why doesn’t John just expel him?”
I couldn’t see her from where I sat but I could hear the tiredness in her sigh. “I don’t think there are any other schools left in the district that will take him. No kid left behind. Remember?”
“Maybe we should dump Burns in the office of the official who wrote that law. Talk about a waste of taxpayer money!” He uttered a few things under his breath and left the office.
A woman walked down the hall from the back offices and stopped beside my chair. “Are you waiting to register?”
I stood up. “Yes, ma’am.”
Her eyebrows arched. She smiled. “Please follow me.” She wove through a labyrinth of small spaces and ended up in a cozy space toward the back of the collective. She motioned to a chair and sat at her own. “I’m Maria Henning, the guidance counselor. Welcome to Hamilton High School.”
I took the seat across from her.  “I’m Erin.”  I pulled out the worn folder from my backpack and handed it to her. This was part of the routine. 
She took it and looked at the contents. Her expression betrayed confusion. The folder contained all of my transcripts and report cards all the way back to kindergarten. It was pretty thick. A few years ago, on a longer than normal road trip, I had been bored and actually counted how many different schools I had attended over the years. It had been over fifty then. It must be close to seventy by now.
She picked up the newest piece of paper in the folder, my class list from Lincoln High School in Omaha. She looked up at me and cleared her throat. “What was your last day in class at Lincoln?”
“Friday.”
She leaned forward on the desk. “Ms. Dawson, this is very unusual.”
I’d heard this speech plenty of times, with several variations. I wondered which direction this one would go. “We move around a lot.”
“Do you have a home?”
Ah, the ‘are you living out of your car’ approach. “Yes, ma’am. We have an apartment.” I had already memorized the address and recited it off for her. 
She wrote it down. “Is your family in the military?”
“No, ma’am. It’s just me and my mom. She’s a waitress and short order cook.” There was a lot of flexibility in that kind of career. No matter where you went, people still needed to eat. I have lived in one small town that was no more than a diner, gas station, and store with a cluster of homes around it.
“I see.” She went back to studying the files again. She started counting pages. “You attended seven different high schools last year and two different ones already this year. It looks like you were at Lincoln only three weeks.”
I have never understood why adults have a need to tell kids stuff they already know. I simply accepted the information. “Yes, ma’am.”
Her face wrinkled. It was a bad look for her. It made her look much older. “And how long are you planning on staying at Hamilton?”
This was a different question. I had no way of knowing how long my mother would feel safe here. We had been jumping around the country since I was six. Sometimes I could tell when my mom was getting ready to run but other times, like Friday, there was no warning. I prefer to be honest with people. “I don’t know ma’am. It’s not really my choice.”
“Is your mom a terrible cook?”
I don’t think she was trying to be funny but the question, coupled with the expression on her face, made my mouth twitch. “Not that I know of.”
“Then why do you move around so much?”
And there it was, the question that I had stopped asking myself so long ago. It was almost a universal question at each school. I went with my standard answer. “We just do.” I waited to see which of the variations her response would take.
“Ms. Dawson, I don’t know how other schools have managed to grade your performance. According to these transcripts, you had all AP classes at Lincoln. From what I can tell without spending several hours to read all these is that you are obviously very bright. You have a 4.0 grade point average. That’s quite impressive. How is it you ended up here at Hamilton? Most kids with your scores go to Shoreview.”
I had no idea where that school even was. “This one is closest to where we live.” That was part of the routine. Find a school close to home. And home was always as close to mom’s work as possible. It made it easier to pick up and run quickly.
She leaned back in her chair and studied me. “Hamilton doesn’t have any AP classes. The best I could do are senior classes.”
I accepted that. “That’s fine.”
Her mouth was curved into a frown. “What your mother is doing isn’t fair to you.”
I was familiar with this speech, too. Almost every counselor gave this one. “It’s just the way it is.” I considered my mother’s fears. Was it possible that whoever my mother believed was following us could be using my school records to find us? “Could you answer a question for me?”
She was startled. “Of course.”
“Who would have access to my student files?”
“Student files are considered confidential.” She glanced at the pages. “You’re still a minor so you, your mom, and the staff here. Why do you ask?”
“I’m guessing you have to tell Lincoln High School where I am. That always seems to be the case. There’s someone my mom doesn’t want to find us. She’s afraid that they are using my school records to figure out where we go. Maybe if I could convince her that this isn’t the case, she might stay a little longer.”
I braced myself and watched Ms. Henning. I had told a few others in the past and the results had all been bad. Ms. Henning looked like she was processing this information. “There should be a way to flag your files. Let’s call Lincoln and see what they can do.”
I half listened to the conversation between Ms. Henning and my previous counselor at Lincoln, Mr. Utek. I had liked him. He had a sense of humor. He’d already suspected the move. He was concerned.
After a fairly long conversation on the phone, He assured Ms. Henning that he would tag my file and call her if anyone attempted to gain any information from it. Ms. Henning hung up the phone. “Well, it looks like you will be with us for a little while anyway. Let’s see what I can do to find you some suitable classes.”
I stayed focused on my breathing. Fusan had taught me when I was little, when everything beyond you is in chaos, control what you can – your own breath. I concentrated on the quiet expansion and contraction of my ribcage and listened to the tapping keys on the computer.
Ms. Henning finally looked up. “I’ve given you all the senior classes, and art class, and gymnastics. That’s as close as I can get to your previous class list.” She pulled a piece of paper from her printer and handed it to me with my folder. She looked at the clock. “We’re already in second period. I’ll get you a hall pass.”
She also gave me the standard student packet that included a map of the school, a notebook with a hawk on the cover, and a number two pencil. I pulled out a blank index card from my backpack, copied all the important stuff on it, and put the printout in the folder. The routine was still there.
We went back through the maze of small rooms to the main office. The man I assumed was the principle was standing by the front counter talking to the secretary. He turned as we approached. His face wrinkled. “Young lady. The dress code of this school prohibits gang wear of any kind.”
He must have been too focused on the boy earlier to notice me. I had run into this before, too. “I’m sorry, sir, but this isn’t gang wear. This is Akhekhu. He was a mythical creature of classic Egypt.”
The principal’s eyebrows went up and Ms. Henning’s mouth puckered into a controlled grin. She stepped forward. “John, this is Erin Dawson, a new student who has just moved to the area from Omaha, Nebraska. Erin, this is John Granger, our principal.”
I hated introductions like that. “Good morning, sir.”
Somehow his eyebrows managed to get even higher on his face. He looked lost. “Well, welcome to Hamilton High, Ms. Dawson.”
Ms. Henning wrote out a hall pass and gently pushed me out the door, saving all of us from an awkward conversation. She made sure that I was comfortable with the layout of the school and sent me on my way. I made sure that my locker was actually empty, a learned lesson from a previous mess, and went to my second period class.
It was in the art wing. Senior Art Portfolio. I paused in the doorway for a moment. There were a dozen kids, mostly girls, seated around several tables. Each table had a different still life in the center. A middle aged woman wearing a canvas smock was moving between the tables, critiquing the work. According to the list, her name was Dora Gilbert.
I centered myself and moved toward her. She noticed me when I was still a few steps away. “Good morning. Can I help you?” I handed her the hall pass, which also included a quick note from Ms. Henning. “Do you have your portfolio with you?”
One of the girls at the table snickered. “Besides the one she’s wearing?” There was a murmur of soft laughs and quiet chatter.
“That’s enough, class. Focus on your work, please. We’re halfway through the period.” She moved toward a desk and I followed. She looked back at me. “Your work?”
I assumed she was referring to Akhekhu. “Yes.”
“Interesting style. By the head profile, I’d say Egyptian.”
I felt the tension disappear. “It’s Akhekhu, an Egyptian desert dragon.”
“Nicely done. Do you have anything on paper?”
I have lost count of how many drawings I made and left behind over the years. It was better that way. We traveled too much for me to lug anything like an art portfolio around with me. “I had to leave it behind at my last school.”
She almost looked sad. “Well, it’s still early in the year.” She showed me where the supplies were located and explained the current assignment. We were to make six different drawings of the still life sets in the room that could be presented as a six-paneled mural. They had just started last week so the sets would be up for a few of weeks yet. I grabbed an art board and chose a still life that included a shiny ceramic vase at the center. I’ve always liked the way light plays off of shiny surfaces.
She gave us a five minute warning before the bell. I had roughed out the placement and begun the larger shading by then. She had stood next to me several times but had said nothing. I was fine with that. I put the board in a slot she’d assigned and washed my hands. The bell rang and the kids pushed out into the hallways.
There were considerably more kids in the school than I had expected. The hallways were rivers of pushing and shouting bodies. I found my way back toward my locker, which was close to my next class. I considered that to be a benefit. I wouldn’t have to worry about books in the art room. The locker two doors down from mine was open and a boy was exchanging books from it. He was heavyset. Other kids teased him as they passed by.
I had no books yet so I didn’t go to my locker. I started moving toward the classroom door. I heard him before I saw him. The obnoxious center of attention was coming up the stairs with a swarm of his boys. They were talking and laughing loudly. The heavyset boy had just closed his locker and was hurrying toward the classroom when Burns stepped in front of him. He smacked the stack of books, sending them cascading across the floor, loose papers swirling in the passage of moving feet. He grinned maliciously. “Oops.”
The guys roared with laughter. The large boy began gathering up the scattered materials. Another boy coming up the stairs confronted Burns. “You should be ashamed of yourself.” He pushed the thick-rimmed glasses up on his nose and hurried to help the other boy collect his things.
Burns and company laughed even harder. “Look at little Davy, scurrying to help. Isn’t that cute?” His tone was condescending.
I sighed. Nothing different here. I went into the classroom. There was an older man seated at the desk in the corner. His wispy gray hair was parted at the side so that a few strands crossed the bald spot. According to my list, this was Oliver Craig, the senior math teacher. He looked the part.
I chose a seat in the back, my customary place of choice. I don’t like people sitting behind me. I’d rather know what they are up to. The heavyset boy and his defender came in and took seats up front. A few other kids trickled into the class. I was amazed when the bell rang and the teacher shut the door. Considering the vast student body, there were only nine other students besides me in the room. It seemed Senior Math wasn’t high on the list for most kids.
The teacher noticed me and walked to the back of the room. “Are you lost?”
I ignored the snickers from a couple of the other kids. “No, sir. I’m new. Ms. Henning assigned me to this class.”
“I see.” He went back up to the front of the room, pulled a book from a shelf beside his desk, and placed it on an empty desk closer to the front. “Then please come join us.”
I complied.
The boy who had helped collect the books looked over at me. “David.”
I glanced at the teacher, who was writing on the board. “Erin.” It seemed safe enough to at least be civil.
The class wasn’t the worst I’ve been in but the teacher’s voice was a drone. It made the topic of investments and stock interest challenging. When you don’t have a lot of money, you usually don’t pay much attention to the stock market. I knew the math. It was easy. I had the assignment finished before the end of class. That was part of the routine.
According to my list, I had first lunch. I felt lucky in that respect. The staff only had a half an hour to repair the damage our group did before the second half of the student body appeared. I glanced at the trays some of the students were carrying from the lunch line. I was glad that I had brought lunch from home. I always did. Not only was lunch money a luxury but this school was on the low end of the lunch scale spectrum.
We were required to eat in the cafeteria, even if we brought our own food. I’d managed to skim through the student handbook after finishing the math assignment. I found a corner table and took the end seat.
It seemed Burns also had first lunch. He and a collection of his boys swaggered into the cafeteria. He made a bee-line for David, who was standing in line. He put an arm around David’s shoulders. “Hand it over.”
David jerked free. “No.”
“What did you say?” His tone was low and menacing.
“Go away, Tony.”
Burns looked at the other nervous kids in line around them. “Will you excuse us a moment?” He tightened his hold and pulled David out of line. “Davy, I’m shocked and offended. Such words coming from you.”
David struggled as Burns dragged him from the lunch room. No one did anything. Many slipped out for the show. The rest kept eating. This was obviously routine for them.
I had learned long ago not to get involved with stuff like this, partly because I was always new so had no authority in the pecking order but also because stuff like that could end up getting you in trouble. Inevitably, the adults went after the kids at the end of the fight. I had been in that spot before and didn’t want to go there again.
I finished my lunch. According to the student handbook, the only open areas during lunch besides the cafeteria were the library and the gym. I chose the library. As I moved toward it, I realized there was a commotion in the hallway ahead of me. I could hear the comments from the onlookers and knew it was a fight. I tried to ignore it and pass around the others in the hall.
David’s voice caught me off guard. “Come on, Tony. Give me a break. What’s wrong with you anyway? My parents took you and your mom in when you had nowhere else to go. And this is how you act? My father…”
“Shut up!” There was a decisive smack and David groaned. “You got run of the mouth!” There was another thud.
I glanced through the crowd. The boys were locked in combat. Burns delivered another gut punch. I paused. Something was up with that. David’s response was serious but there had been no energy behind the blow. He struck again. I hadn’t imagined it. Burns was throwing his punches.
There was a warning shout from kids at one end of the confrontation. Teachers were finally showing up. I moved the rest of the way around the bunch and went into the library. There was a crowd of kids by the library window. They had been watching the show, too. The librarian was on the phone. She must have called in the fight.
Everyone in the fourth period class was talking about it. This was the class that had intrigued me when I read the list. Socio-economics. That was different and I wanted to know what it was about. The teacher walked in as the bell rang. She was a middle aged woman with warm auburn hair pulled back into a stylish twist.
I always kept my hair braided and then in a bun besides. It kept it under control and out of my face. Her hair looked nice. I doubt anyone would say that about mine. It was more economical.
She spotted me and brought a book back to the desk I’d chosen in the back of the room. “Marie said you were joining the class. You must be Erin. I’m Charlotte Green.”
The artist in me could see the humor in that. Red and green are like opposites in the color world. I wasn’t sure what to say. “Thanks.”
She had a nice smile, too. She called the class to order and jumped into the lecture. Between her topic and a quick glance at the book I got the idea that the class was about cultural patterns in America based on economic trends in each area. I could ace this class without even studying. I had lived most of what she was talking about. This lecture was on the rural culture of the Ozark Mountains. Been there. Done that. Ms. Green also supplied me with a printed packet that outlined the expected homework at the end of class. I read through the list and wondered how much I would actually get to do. Some of it sounded interesting.
The bell rang. There was five minutes between classes so I decided to stop and leave the book in the locker. The next class was the next floor up. The heavy set boy was there, too. There was another girl who was waiting for him to finish. “Oh, come on, Kevin. Can you just be done already?” I went to my locker and added the book. He shut his locker and walked away without looking at her. She went to the locker next to mine. I closed mine and started walking away. “You’re the new girl.”
There really wasn’t anything for me to say. She’d made a statement. I walked away and went to class. According to my list, this was Senior Literature. That could mean a lot of different things. No one else was in the room yet. I took the corner seat in the back. Several other kids came in and sat down. They thankfully ignored me. David came in. He didn’t look too bad. He noticed me and moved in my direction. “Why do you sit all the way in the back?”
Considering math class I suppose it was a fair question. “I don’t like people sitting behind me. They make little noises and it’s distracting.”
He shrugged. “I guess that makes sense.” He sat in the desk in front of me. You don’t find it distracting to have a bunch of noisy people in front of you?”
“No. If they are in front of me, I can see what they are doing to make the noises so I can tune them out.”
“Huh.” He opened his book. “We usually start off each class with a verbal pop quiz about the book we’re reading.” He lifted a paperback. Grapes of Wrath.
I have discovered that there are certain books that all high school English teachers think kids need to read. And I’d been through all of them numerous times. “Not a problem. I’ve read it before.”
A middle-aged man came in the room and surveyed the class. He found me. He picked up a couple of books and made his way back to where I was sitting. “Ms. Dawson. Welcome to Senior Lit. I’m Professor Linton. Here is the textbook and current novel that we’re studying.”
I accepted them. “Thank you, sir.”
He smiled. “Ms. Henning said I needed to see your jacket. Now I understand why. That’s Akhekhu, isn’t it?”
I was amazed. “You’re familiar with Egyptian mythical creatures?”
His smile broadened. “Next semester I offer a class on mythology. I’m particularly fond of ancient Middle Eastern cultures.”
“I also have Tiamat and Abraxas.”
“Have you heard of Azhi Dahaki? Three heads are better than one.”
“I’ve heard of him but I’ve never drawn him. Orochi does have him beat.”
Professor Linton laughed. “Yes, indeed. I can’t wait to meet the others.” He looked at David. “And how are you feeling? I heard you had a rough lunch.”
David shrugged. He looked uncomfortable. I knew why a moment later. Burns walked in the room. He was considerably more subdued. He scowled at David but didn’t say anything. He sat in the other back corner and put his head down on the desk.
David frowned. “Well, that’s different.”
Mr. Linton looked over at Burns. “I wasn’t sure if Principal Granger was going to let him come to class. He was still getting chewed out when I was in the office between classes.” The bell rang. “Well, let’s get started. Shall we?”
I try to avoid participation in class as a general rule. Maybe the Professor was also giving me a break because it was my first day. He certainly made everyone else in class speak their mind. He even called on Burns.
I had thought the kid was asleep but he sat up when the Professor asked him to comment on the plight of the dust bowl farmers. At first I thought he was going to tell the man where to go. He looked angry. I saw the change in his face. “It’s not their fault, you know. They’re stuck. They got no choices and no way out.”
Professor Linton took that and expanded on it for the better part of fifteen minutes. I glanced at Burns. He looked like he’d gone back to sleep but I could see the slight reactions he had to comments. He was actually listening.
The next section was assigned along with an exercise from the textbook. I glanced at it and got the idea of what was required, made a couple of notes, and followed the others students out into the hall. I dropped the books at my locker and moved toward the gym. There was something going on ahead of me in the hallway. It didn’t sound like a fight.
David’s voice rang over the din. “Why are you just standing there?” He grabbed a girl’s arm. “Go to the office and tell them to call 911! Make sure they know where she is. Go!” The girl reacted like she’d been slapped. She pushed through the crowd.
I had been drawn into the tightening circle around a girl who was collapsed against the wall. David touched her neck. He’d obviously had first aid training. He was taking her pulse. She was gasping and bubbly spittle oozed from the corner of her mouth. David pulled a baggie from her pocket. It contained small colorful tiny pills. He shoved it in his own pocket.
I was shocked. That didn’t seem to fit his image. Teachers shouted for students to clear the halls. A teacher in a lab coat came running from the science wing. He was an older man. He rushed to David’s side. “Davy! What happened?”
David backed away. “I don’t know. I found her that way.”
There was another commotion as the school nurse led medics with a wheeled stretcher down the stairs. The nurse looked pale. She put a hand on the teacher’s shoulder. “How many did she take?”
The science teacher dropped his voice. “I didn’t find any on her. She must have taken all of them.”
“Good heavens.” She turned and made sure the medics had everything they needed. She turn to the wall of students. “The bell has rung! What are you doing standing around in the halls?”
I got a final glimpse of David talking to one of the medics. His knowledge of medicine was more than your average first aid class. The mass around me finally moved enough that I could separate myself from the rest.
I ended up in the gym. I wasn’t the only one who had been caught in the hall. A few other girls came in behind me. They ran to the locker room. I didn’t have my leotard with me. That was unusual. I had taken it out of my bag last Thursday because I didn’t have gym on Fridays back in Omaha and it needed to see the inside of a washing machine. I had no idea what mom had done with the laundry.
There was a woman in an office. I made the assumption that she was probably Jennifer Addison, the gym teacher. She looked up at me as I entered. “Ah, the new student. Do you have a leotard?”
“Not with me today. Sorry.”
She pulled out a box and went through it. She held up a black one. “This looks like your size. You can have it. It’s been washed.”
I took it and followed the sign to the girls’ locker room. There were about a dozen talkative girls already there, changing into their leotards. Some of them had matching ones – red with a white diagonal band. School colors. They must be on the team.
I have been doing gymnastics forever. Even when I was a little kid and didn’t know what it was called. I’ve always been flexible. But we’ve never had a lot of money and we didn’t stay put long enough for me to ever participate on a team. I was okay with that. I’d seen some girls do serious damage to themselves for the sake of competition. I just enjoyed it.
There is also an element of gymnastics that goes well with martial arts. If you are doing either correctly, you are using the same muscle groups. I had been developing my core muscles since Fusan had begun my training as a toddler.
I changed quickly and joined the others on the mat for warm-ups. There was an obvious pecking order to this bunch. The team girls all seemed to revolve around one. I caught her name. Rita. She was the queen of the scene. The others seemed to be in smaller groups of two or three. As a newcomer, I was alone. This was normal and I liked it that way. I felt uncomfortable in this strange leotard. It had no dragon. It was like being naked.
The equipment was older but maintained. They had the standard set: uneven bars, balance beam, and pommel. There were two full-sized mats rolled out and a few smaller ones. Ms. Addison gave directions after warm-ups for us to rotate. I had several well-practiced routines for the floor and equipment. That was one advantage with gymnastics. No matter where I went, it was the same. I could just pick up where I’d left off.
I finished a floor routine and Ms. Addison walked over to me. “Erin, that was amazing. Were you on the team at your last school?”
“No, ma’am. I don’t try out for teams. We move around too much.”
“What a shame. You’ve got a lot of potential.”
I had heard this many times. “Thanks.” Rita made a fuss about the uneven bars being loose and Ms. Addison went away to deal with it. I went back to rotations.
I was glad when class was over. I pulled my own clothes back on and returned the borrowed leotard. Ms. Addison looked up from her clipboard. “You can keep it. Really. There’s a box of them here.”
“I’ll have my own tomorrow but thanks for the offer. I don’t have a lot of space for extra things.”
I left the gym. Rita and a couple of other girls had put fancy warm-up suits on and were walking down the hall in front of me. Rita turned back to say something to one of the girls behind her. Our eyes met. She stopped and faced me. “Well, if it isn’t miss show-off.”

* * *
3
She was between me and the stairs. I didn’t know the school well enough to avoid her. Rita began strutting toward me. One of the other girls giggled. “Here comes Tony.” Rita paused and turned to look.
Burns and his boys had stopped a short ways from the stairs. I wasn’t surprised by Rita’s interest. He was the center of attention on the guys’ side and she was center on the girls’ side. There seems to be some natural law in high school that the two centers tend to gravitate toward each other.
Rita went over and leaned on his arm. “Heard you rearranged Davy’s face again.”
The boy next to him laughed. “You should have seen it!” He began recounting the action and Burns quietly backed away from the group, leaving Rita surrounded by them. He’d disappeared before she noticed.
I was amazed. It wasn’t what I had expected. I tried not to think about it as I escaped and flowed out of the school, following the others moving toward freedom. I left my books at school, as always, and began the two block walk toward the rest of my day.
The dojo was open but there was a sign on the front desk. Come find us in class. It looked well used. I could hear soft music playing. I walked through the main room and found Max with a group of elderly people in the first classroom. They were doing yoga. It was a modified form for most of them but I was still impressed that many of the seniors had good flexibility.
A soft chime sounded and everyone relaxed. Max slowly rose. “Remember to be gentle with your bodies tonight. Eat light foods and get plenty of sleep.”
One of the older ladies laughed. “That pretty much describes life when you get to 92.”
Max smiled and helped her up. “I only hope that I will still be as fit at that age as you are Miss Rose.”
A man came in the front door and came up to me. “Is the class finished? I have the van parked out front.”
I got out of the way. “It looks like it is.”
Max was helping several of the older women out. He saw me and smiled. “Good afternoon, Erin. This is my Monday afternoon yoga class from the senior center.”
I nodded politely to the seniors as they walked out. I had worked with elderly people before as a class assistant. They didn’t bother me unless they did inappropriate things.
Max came back inside after the van left. “You’re the first one here.”
“School is only two blocks away.”
He frowned. “You’re going to Hamilton?”
“It’s the closest school to our apartment.”
“Tacoma does have a public transit system. I’ve heard Hamilton isn’t very good. Most of the junior masters go to Shoreview and a couple go to Ridgeline.”
“I’m not that familiar with the area. It’s just a habit for me to go to the closest school.” I might as well get it over with. “I should warn you, we don’t stay in one place very long. My mom likes to move around a lot.”
“Noted. Where were you before you came here?”
“Omaha, Nebraska.”
Max motioned back toward the office. “That’s quite a distance.” I followed him down the hall. He pointed to a door across the hall. “That’s the bathrooms and locker rooms. Feel free to change. I’m going to make some tea.”
“Thank you.” I went through the door and discovered it divided between men and women. The locker rooms were beyond the stalls. It was a very nice setting. There were more urns of bamboo and the counters were covered in grouted smooth pebbles. The wallpaper was a bamboo forest print. The décor matched the rest of the outer rooms.
I pulled my gee from the front pocket of my backpack where it lived when I wasn’t wearing it. I preferred a black gee. I had drawn Ri Riu on it. He was only visible when light reflected just the right way. I really liked the effect. I pulled out my belt, bowed, touched it to my forehead, and wrapped it around my waist with the traditional knot. This was the only belt I have ever worn. It had be a gift from Fusan on my fifth birthday. It was black with dragons embroidered down the outer surface. I don’t believe in earning belts. I never studied the arts to rank but simply to learn.
I put my clothes in my backpack and went into the office. Max handed me a cup of tea. “You can put your backpack in a locker in my office if you’d like.” He pointed to where they stood against the wall. “Pick one that doesn’t have a name on it. It will be yours.”
When I returned to the kitchen a boy entered from the hallway. His dark skin was almost ebony. “Hello.” His voice had an interesting accent and was deep and rich. “I’m Philip.”
“Erin.”
He smiled broadly. “Welcome to Inyo Dojo.”
Max came back into the kitchen. “Oh, good. You two have met. The afternoon juniors’ class is getting too big and they are progressing at different speeds. With Erin joining us, I’m thinking about dividing the class. What do you think, Philip?”
“An excellent idea. They are getting to be quite a handful.” He glanced at me. “I’ve never seen a belt like that before. What did you rank in to earn it?”
“I don’t rank. I simply study.”
Philip’s eyes went wide. “Which arts?”
I considered the list. “Karate, Taekwondo, Judo, Aikido, Jujitsu, Tai Chi, Eskrima, and Kendo.” That was a general list. I’d left a few lesser ones out but most people hadn’t heard of them anyway.
“Wow! How long have you been studying?”
I shrugged. “As long as I can remember. My mom and I lived with a Japanese family until I was six. The grandfather of the family was a monk. He would do Tai Chi every morning. I would get up and do it with him.”
Philip laughed warmly. “How lucky! I can’t wait to see your form. I’ve only been studying Tai Chi for 3 years. Where I grew up in South Africa, we had our own form of martial arts that all the boys and even a few girls learned from the time they were little. It’s called Nguni. It’s a form a stick fighting that reminds me a little of Eskrima.”
I was intrigued. “I know we have classes soon but I’d like to learn more about it.”
He grinned. “Absolutely. But you’re right. I have to go change. It’s good to meet you!” He hurried away.
Max stood in the doorway of his office with a grin on his face. “You’ll fit in well here. Come on. I’ll introduce you to your students. It sounds like some of them have already arrived.”
I spent the afternoon with three classes of different aged kids. We took a half hour break for dinner, which Max provided. There were five junior masters there now, including myself and Philip. I recognized one of the others as Steven, the boy who had been at the desk the previous night. There was also an oriental boy who introduced himself as Yan and a girl who didn’t talk much. Philip told me her name was Amy.
The shared dinner was different. I had been in a few other dojos where the instructors occasionally did potlucks but this sounded like it was a daily occurrence and that Max regularly provided the food. It was simple but sufficient – rice, steamed vegetables, broiled chicken, and a pan bread that was cooked fresh right in the kitchen. And of course tea.
I had to ask about the bread. It was quite good. Max laughed. “It’s Pita. My wife, Susan, mixes all the dry ingredients at home and measures out portions into baggies. All I have to do here is mix the ingredients into a couple cups of yogurt. It’s a very simple traditional recipe. I’ll ask her to write it down for you.”
“Thanks.”
Amy paused as she was passing through the kitchen. “Is there something drawn on your gee?”
Max started to laugh. “I wasn’t going to say anything. I wanted to see how long it would take for others to notice.”
The light was just right where we were standing for Ri Riu’s head to be visible at my shoulder. I traced his bearded face with the finger. “This is Ri Riu, the Magnificent. According to legend, when he rose into the sky, he could be seen for a hundred miles in any direction.”
Amy gasped. “I can see him now. How did you do that?”
“It’s a special type of metallic fabric pen that I got as a gift.”
Max moved to my side to see the rest of the design. “He goes well with Ka Riu on your belt.”
The others had all crowded into the kitchen to see what was going on. It made the small space feel even smaller. I felt the tension tightening my shoulders. I didn’t want to be rude so I made the excuse that all girls use when they need to escape. “I should probably freshen up before we start the next set of classes.
Max gave me an odd look but let me escape. I went into the bathroom and hid in a stall until I could breathe again. I’ve never cared for crowds. It just gets to a point where my lungs won’t expand enough and I have to escape.
Other people starting coming in so I knew the next class set had arrived. I straightened my gee and went back out. The evening classes went well. The last class of the evening was a group of middle school kids that Max had pulled from a larger Karate class. They were struggling with the current kata and he wanted the rest of the class to be able to move on.
I remembered my own challenge with this particular form. “Sometimes it helps if you think of a story while you are moving through the kata. Stories make the movements of the kata easier to remember.” I taught them the story my sensei had taught me and was pleased to see the improvement in the group. So was Max. He asked the students if they wanted to return to the rest of the class but they all wanted to continue with me. I hoped that I would have a few weeks at least to spend with them.
After all the students when home, I changed back into my street clothes. Most of the other junior masters had already left for the evening. It was down to Steven, Yan, and me. The boys were discussing a particular Judo form in the front room when I came out. Max was watching them. I started to leave but Max called me over. “Will you be able to join us tomorrow?”
“I hope so.”
He smiled. “So do I. I like your teaching style. We have master classes on Tuesday and Thursday evenings and Saturday and Sunday mornings. You mentioned practicing Eskrima. How’s your Sinawali?”
“Passable. I know some dance forms but I’ve found they vary by master.”
“I’d like to compare notes with you. There’s an open house coming up. I thought a Sinawali performance might be fun.” The boys finished their workout, said good night, and moved toward the locker room. Max looked contrite. “I apologize if I made you uncomfortable this evening.”
I shrugged. “Others don’t make us uncomfortable. We make ourselves that way.” It was something I was still working on.
Max bowed slightly. “But it’s one of my failings. I’m very outgoing and I forget that not everyone is. If you feel uncomfortable at any time, please don’t be afraid to say something.”
“Thanks. I really do need to get home. My mom should be done with her shift soon and she worries if I’m out too late.”
“Of course. Do you need a ride?”
“It’s only four blocks. Have a nice evening, Master.” I bowed and left.
The streets were fairly quiet for a city. I saw a few people but none of them saw me. I made sure of it. All the little shops along the street by the diner were already closed. The diner was closed, too, but there were still lights on. I didn’t see my mom inside so I went to the apartment. 
She wasn’t home yet but I found a stack of clean clothes on my cot. My leotard was in the pile. I added it to my backpack and got ready for bed. I did have an assignment to finish so I worked on that while I waited for mom to get home.
She was tired when she walked in the door. She managed to smile. “Have you eaten dinner?”
“I did. The master at the dojo makes dinner for all of his junior masters every evening.”
“That’s different.” She put several containers into the fridge. “How did you like what I left you for breakfast?”
“That was really good. I took some with me for lunch, too.”
She sat down in one of the folding chairs and pulled the netting off her hair. “This is really a nice little diner. I like the couple that owns the place. And the food is good, too. The customers like it.”
I put away my finished paper and moved to the other folding chair. “I made sure to ask the school not to give anyone our personal information and the counselor said she’s talk to Lincoln, too, and made sure they didn’t give anything out.”
She sighed. “I hope that helps.” She got up, hugged me, and started getting ready for bed.
I sat and watched her. It was her normal routine. I felt the tension ease out of my shoulders. I hadn’t realized it was even there. I moved over to my cot. She eventually slipped into her own and turned off the lamp.
The next day I got up and began the routine all over again. I wore Tiamat today. I always thought of Tiamat in the feminine although I don’t know what the Babylonians would have thought about that. I’d seen a picture of a famous wall relief that gave Tiamat a head similar to a horse, claws like a lion, and wings like an eagle. I’d stylized her a little but kept the general idea. The design was black on blue denim, which didn’t stand out nearly as much as the tan had.
Tony was on the steps surrounded by his boy pack. Rita and her groupies hung in the background. Some of the faces began to look familiar. I stayed at the edges and did my best to avoid attention.
I actually saw the confrontation between Davy and Tony this time. I paid attention to the fight. He was definitely throwing his punches. This time there was no teacher to break things up. Davy gave up and threw his lunch money at Tony before fleeing into the school.
I went to my first period class and met my science teacher. He turned out to be one of the youngest teachers in the school. Fred Yenny was probably in his late twenties. The class wasn’t bad – Science and Technology. Mr. Yenny made it interesting.
He came to my desk near the end of class. “I realize there’s no way you can do the assignment I just gave unless you have a text book. Let’s correct that problem. Follow me.”
We went into an office that was obviously shared by all of the science teachers. He had to get a ladder to get the textbook off of a higher shelf. I was amazed by all of the various books the different teachers had. “I didn’t realize psychiatry was considered a science.”
He put the ladder away. “I’ve never considered it one but Professor Marsh does. That’s not what he teaches here, though. He’s the chemistry teacher. I think he just needed a place to store all his old books.”
We didn’t make it back into the classroom before the bell rang. I hurried to add the book to the collection in my locker and ran off to art. I picked up where I’d left off and got all of the bulk shading finished. Ms. Gilbert finally gave me a comment. “Good tonal contrast between your darks, mid-tones, and highlights.”
Tony managed to scatter Kevin’s books down the length of the hallway. Kevin and David were late getting into class. I took the seat I’d essentially been assigned and turned in my completed work. It was another lecture on investments, this time focusing on interest calculations. I had just enough time to finish the homework before the end of class.
I moved on to lunch, taking the far corner seat again. The room seemed quieter than the previous day. I listened to several groups of people around me. The name Kelly came up several times and before I’d finished my lunch, I’d picked up enough pieces to learn that Kelly was the girl I’d seen in the hallway and she was dead.
There were various reactions to this among the other kids. A few were crying, most were at least subdued, and a few didn’t seem to care one way or the other. I was with the last group. Death is a past tense sort of thing. When it happens, that’s it. That person is over. I’ve gone to schools where death is quite common. Kids get shot or stabbed by gangs, they overdose on various drugs, or they party too much and throw chunks of metal and plastic at bridge pylons with themselves inside. The end result is always the same. That person is no more.
From what I could tell by the general comments, death wasn’t all that common here but it had obviously happened before. A few compared Kelly’s death to others. Some worried who else was going to die. I went to the library and pulled my bubble of stillness around myself. I finished my science homework before the bell rang.
I went to my locker to exchange books and walked into a drama scene. Rita was weeping on Tony’s arm. His expression was somewhere between confusion and panic. David came down the hall from the other direction. He scowled at Tony. “That’s all you’re good for, a snot rag.”
Tony growled and freed himself from Rita’s clinging arms. He almost looked relieved to have an excuse. “I’m gonna mop the floor with you!” He grabbed David by the arms and planted him against the lockers. The boom was deafening. I noted that the sound had actually come from Tony’s foot kicking the locker not David’s impact.
But David made a good show of being in pain. The kids gathered around them, shouting catcalls at David and suggestions to Tony on how best to mess him up. He proceeded to give him a couple of soft gut punches that curled David over and then he dropped him to the floor. “Keep your opinions to yourself.” He stomped away.
I went to my locker and swapped out books. I noticed Rita was completely oblivious at what had just happened. I shook my head and went to class. I managed to get in the door before the bell rang and went to the back of the room. Ms. Green wasn’t there yet. I sat down and began reading the textbook assignment for the day.
Someone sat in the desk in front of me and turned around. “Do you draw on all of your clothes?”
I looked up at the girl and recognized her as one of Rita’s circle. “Yes.” I went back to reading.
“Even your underwear?” There was snickers from several others around us. I ignored her. “You’re weird.” She moved to a different seat. I was happy with that.
Ms. Green came in and called everyone to settle down. “I realize some of you knew Kelly Talbut, who passed away yesterday afternoon. The family has announced that there will be a memorial service for her Sunday afternoon. If you’re interested, you can find all the information on the main bulletin board by the front office.”
There was quiet chatter as the kids debated over going or not. The lecture picked back up where it had left off the day before. By the end of class, Ms. Green had wrapped up her talk on the Ozark people and warned of a test the next day. There were groans around the room. I had read the syllabus and noted the test already. It wasn’t exactly a surprise. I spent the last few minutes of class choosing which of the projects to complete by Friday. That was also on the syllabus. I liked the idea of a cultural map and found it really wouldn’t be difficult as there where many small pieces of the map in the textbook. I got the required blank form from Ms. Green as I left class.
I walked out the door and tensed. I don’t know how to explain it. Maybe it’s something that comes with years of martial arts training but I can feel when things are too close. And things were definitely very close. Tony and Davy were locked together next to the door. Tony had an arm across David’s neck, and to anyone behind them, it must look like he was squeezing the life out of him. The expression on David’s face added to the effect. Tony was almost snarling. “Did you tell on me?”
David was gasping. “I swear. I didn’t.”
Movement down the hall caught my attention. Principal Granger was headed in their direction. I didn’t want to get caught up in their issues, whatever game they were playing. I turned around and went back into the classroom.
Ms. Green looked up from her desk. “Do you have a question, Erin?”
I thought fast. “I’m not sure what kind of tests you give. Are they multiple choice or essay questions?”
She grinned. Multiple choice. I think if I gave essay questions, half the class would faint.” There was a commotion in the hall. “What in the world?” She got up and went to the door.
I followed. Principal Granger’s face was a dark purple. “I’ve had more than enough of you, Mr. Burns! My office! Now!” He pointed down the hall.
Tony turned and plodded down the hall. Ms. Green looked over at David. “Davy, are you okay?”
David was breathing hard and almost doubled over. He looked up at her. “Yes, ma’am. I think so.”
I could hear someone sobbing and glanced around the group. It was Rita. Ms. Green was focused on David. “What’s your next class?”
“Senior Literature.”
“Are you going to be able to get to class? Maybe I should call the school nurse.”
David waved his hands. “No, Ms. Green, really, I’ll be okay.”
She didn’t looked convinced. She turned and looked at me. “Erin, what’s your next class?”
I felt a chill creeping around me. “Senior Lit.”
She sighed. “Good. Could you make sure Davy gets there?” She turned back to him. “I’m really concerned.”
“It’s nothing, honest.”
The bell rang. We were late. Not a good thing. Ms. Green pulled a tablet out if her sweater pocket and filled out two of the sheets, handing one to each of us. “Here are some hall passes. Davy, if you start to feel sick…”
He nodded. “I know. Go to the school nurse. I got it.”
The halls had cleared. I looked at him. “Well? Class?”
“I have to get my books from my locker.”
I looked at the textbook in my hands. “So do I. Mine is upstairs not far from the classroom.”
“Mine is down here.”
I pointed. “After you.” I followed him down the hall. Tension threatened but there was no way to ease it. I waited while he swapped his books. We went up the stairs and I swapped mine.
He leaned on the locker next to mine. “I’m sorry I got you into this.”
“You didn’t. Ms. Green did.” I had to ask. “What’s the deal with you and Tony?”
He gave a short laugh. “He’s my cousin. He and his mom came to live with us after his dad went to prison. My dad thinks he can change his ways.”
I could hear the tone. It was a practiced speech. I wanted to ask more but a teacher came down the hall. We held up our hall passes and made for class.
Professor Linton paused in his quiz as we walked in. He met us at the door and took our hall passes. He frowned but said nothing. I took the last empty seat in the back. David sat up front.
I tried to focus on the lecture. Professor Linton was actually pretty good. Tony came in with only five minutes left of class. He didn’t look at anyone, just slumped in his desk. I managed to answer a question about a character I had read about two years ago and made it sound convincing. I figured I’d better reread the book.
The bell rang and the class flowed out. I was behind Tony and David. Tony shoved him before walking away. I saw the note passed in the process. I tried not to think about it as I moved onto gym class.
I went to the locker room and changed into my leotard. I was actually quite proud of it. The original suit had been white, a mistake for anything that a girl sweats in. The result had been blotchy stains that had landed the garment in the free box. I love stains. They are my inspiration. I used the stains to form the claws of Galeru, the rainbow dragon of Australian legend. I wasn’t sure what the aboriginal people had thought she looked like but I liked the idea of her having front arms that looked like they were clasped under my armpits and lifting me upward. The effect was particularly stunning when I posed on a balance beam.
The girls in class stared at me. Rita scowled. She was in a particularly bad mood. I had a good idea why. It looked like she was hitting on Tony and he was doing everything he could to ignore her! Shakespeare would have loved it.
I began my stretches and moved into warm-ups with the rest of the class. Ms. Addison then called us together and spent about fifteen minutes talking about good floor routine patterns. I liked some of her ideas and decided to try them. I had numerous floor routines that I’d been working on since sixth grade or so. I picked one and added in a couple of her suggestions.
There was no equipment set up today. Four large mats were spread out and she split us into groups of three to share the mats. I was with a couple of girls who weren’t on the team. That was fine by me. I learned their names, Jill and Carol. Neither of them had much of a routine. They kind of threw a bunch of different things together without considering flow of energy or motion.
When it was my turn, I squared up in the corner and made my first pass that included a round-off, two back handsprings, and a full backflip. I landed solid and moved into the new section that Ms. Addison had suggested. She had been watching my set and gave me a nice comment. I finished my routine and cleared the floor for the next girl.
Rita stalked up to me. “You’re copying my routine!”
I dislike confrontation. It’s a waste of time. I didn’t feel like dealing with her attitude. I turned and walked away from her. She ran up behind me. That was a mistake.

* * *
4
If you are paying attention, you can always hear it coming. Sometimes it’s footsteps while other times it’s breathing. Rita added a hiss that would have made a cat jealous. I did a move that has no definition in either gymnastics or any martial art that I know of. My body moved sideways, twisted, and rolled while hers kept going with her forward momentum. My energy brought me up into a ready crouch almost eight feet away. Her energy sent her sprawling on the floor. She screamed.
All eyes in the room turned to look at her. Ms. Addison rushed to her side as did several of her team mates. Ms. Addison was trying to determine the source of her pain. “Rita! Enough already. Can you just tell me what hurts?”
“Erin pushed me!”
I hadn’t moved other than to stand up. I was more than ten feet away now. Ms. Addison looked at me in confusion. I shrugged. She turned back to Rita. “That’s not even possible. Erin was nowhere near you. You must have tripped over something.”
A girl closer to me mumbled under her breath. “Her ego?”
The girl next to her snickered. “Just like Rita. Blame the new girl for her mistakes.” Neither of them wore team colors. I hoped I hadn’t made something worse.
Ms. Addison helped Rita to her feet and half carried her toward her office. “Keep working on your routines, girls.”
I returned to the mat where the two other girls were talking quietly. Jill frowned. “Why didn’t you tell Ms. Addison what really happened?”
I wasn’t really sure what it had looked like to anyone else. “I don’t like getting others in trouble. She did just fine on her own.”
Carol chuckled. “That’s for sure. How did you do that?”
The million dollar question. “I don’t know. When you know how your body works, it just does. I needed to get out of her way and I did.” I didn’t want to answer any more questions. “Am I up?” They both nodded and I repeated my routine using the newly added sequence. I got to do it a few more times before the end of class and decided I liked it.
Rita had not rejoined the group. She sat in the office with ice bags on one ankle and the opposite wrist. Ms. Addison called me over at the end of class. “What really happened?”
I dread that question. “Her own momentum carried her forward. She stumbled and tried to catch herself.”
“I overheard a couple of the girls. Was Rita trying to attack you?”
I was stuck. I hate lying. I know there are times when we lie to supposedly protect someone else but in the long run, it always turns out bad. I try avoiding having to answer questions that put me in that position. But this was a direct question. “She never actually touched me. I got out of her way.” That was the truth.
Ms. Addison chewed on her lip. “I’m not sure what to do about this. That’s not the kind of behavior I expect from the senior students.” Her office phone rang. I was relieved. She dismissed me and I escaped.
I left school and jogged to the dojo, letting go of the excess tension with the exertion. I was happy to enter the stillness of the dojo. I stood in the entry, listening to the calming trickle of the fountain until my nerves eased then went to change.
Max had given me several smaller groups that needed special attention. I didn’t mind. They took all of my focus. We broke for dinner and I moved into the kitchen with the others. All of the junior masters were here tonight. Philip came over after I sat down at the table in the library. “How did things go with Jerry?”
I knew what he was referring to. It hadn’t taken me long to discover his issue. “Jerry is directionally challenged. The fancy term for it is dyslexia. He had trouble reversing the motion in his head. I found that by working beside him, he was able to follow the kata.”
Philip’s eyes went wide, which coupled with his dark face, was very dramatic. “Oh! I never considered that. I’m glad you were able to help him.”
And older woman came in with Max and everyone shouted greetings to her. Max brought her around the table and seated her in the empty chair next to me. “Erin, this is my wife, Susan.”
“It’s nice to meet you.”
She had an incredible smile. “Likewise. Max tells me you know a lot about dragons. I’m partial to them myself.” She pointed at her earrings. They were small golden dragons each clasping a tiny pearl. 
I recognized the form. “Ah, Shen Lung, Chinese symbol of prosperity and good luck.”
Philip pointed at my plate. “Aren’t you going to eat? The fish is really amazing. Steven says it is Sockeye Salmon. I’ve not had this kind before.”
I had been waiting until people were done talking to me. That was something I had learned from Fusan. Eat or talk but don’t do them both. I didn’t want to offend Philip. “I’m just waiting for everyone else.”
He laughed. “My father used to say the man who stands on formality – goes hungry!”
Several others laughed. I shrugged and picked up my plate. I was thankful when no one else asked me any questions.
Our class was very different. We began with a set of Tai Chi, did several advanced Karate katas, worked through a few Judo moves, and discussed patterns of attack in Aikido. Then Max called us into a circle. “We have an open house coming up in a couple of weeks. We want to share some interesting things with our current members as well as encourage new members who might not understand what the various martial arts are about. Since there are now eight of you, I was wondering if you might be willing to learn some Sinawali dance forms. They look really cool and show that not all martial arts are about fighting. This one is a true art – a dance.”
There were rumbles of agreement around the group. Max passed out some colorfully wrapped bastons. I noticed these were hollow. He taught us the first two sets – the over hand right and the over hand left. I liked the ringing sounds the bastons made when they connected. The three beat patterns were unique to Eskrima.
We wrapped up a little after nine. I changed and headed for the door. Linda caught up with me. “Do you want a ride? I drove today.”
“I only live a few blocks away but thanks for the offer.” I paused at the door. “See you tomorrow.” I watched her walk toward a small blue car and I headed for home.
Mom met me at the door. “Are you just getting home?”
I glanced at my watch. “It’s not even nine-thirty yet. Fridays and Saturdays I work until ten.”
She frowned. “You’ll have to show me where your new dojo is.” She went up the stairs and I followed. She had a bag in her hands. I could smell the food inside. She went in and put it in the fridge. “I have the next two days off. Do you have anything else for the laundry?”
“A few things.” I pulled them out and added them to the load. “Do you like your job?”
She smiled. That was a good sign. “I do. The people I work for are nice and the customers are polite. Steffie warned me that they get cranky when it starts to rain. Everyone is talking about the lack of it. I guess it’s normally raining by now.”
“Note taken. Have raincoat ready.” Mom laughed. That was a nice sound. I went over and hugged her. “You should do that more often.”
I got up early and worked on some homework. I had my paper for Lit class done by the time I had to leave. The air was crisp and damp. I had rolled up my raincoat and added it to my backpack but this wasn’t enough to bother with it.
There were groups of kids clustered on the stairs when I got to school. I tried to thread my way through them without getting too close. A girl from one of the groups stepped in front of me. “I heard you tripped Rita in gym class.” Her tone was snippy.
I sidestepped to move around her. She grabbed my arm. I twisted it around quickly and dislodged her grip. “Don’t touch me.” I made a point to keep my voice quiet but even. I wasn’t looking for a confrontation, just making a statement.
The other girl scowled. “You’re a bitch!”
Kids from other groups all turned to see what was going on. I ignored her and took another step toward the door. She grabbed my backpack and yanked. I let it roll off the closer shoulder and pivoted with the motion. Without resistance, she had no support. She let go, flailing her arms, and hit another girl in the face.
Tony and his buddies broke into laughter. She started toward me again. I’d had more than enough for one morning. I walked away. Tony’s laughter was close. I glanced back and noticed he’d put himself between us. “Whoa there, Hailey. Just because you’re a klutz doesn’t give you the right to take it out on others.” The laughter echoed across the front steps.
I went in and went to my locker. I noticed Kevin was there. His locker looked neat and orderly. He didn’t look at me. I didn’t mind. I made it through all of my morning classes without any issues. Tony and Davy had a fake punching match after Davy picked up Kevin’s books. It wasn’t a very big one because Mr. Craig showed up. Tony went off with a couple of his boys in tow.
At lunch, I took up my spot and started eating. Rita and a couple of her girls came in the cafeteria. She was on crutches. I was amused. She also had her wrist wrapped in elastic bandage. That must make the crutches interesting. I was glad there was a large group between us. She was obviously looking for someone and I didn’t want to be the one she found. I waited until she moved toward the line and slipped out of the room.
I almost walked right into Tony. He grinned. “I see you’re avoiding her, too.” I didn’t say anything but moved around him. He huffed. “You’re welcome, by the way.”
I went to the library and worked on the culture map. I had it finished by the time class started. Only half the class had their paper done for Senior Lit. I was surprised that Tony was one of them.
I went into the gym, wondering what to expect, and found Rita waiting. She was in the locker room. She’d given away her position by talking to one of her friends so I was against the other wall and paying attention. I easily dodged her attack. This was getting old. “Leave me alone.” I said it firmly. It echoed in the locker room.
Ms. Addison came down the hall. “What’s going on in here?”
Rita’s face went scarlet. She gave me a look. I didn’t say anything. Rita finally sputtered. “Nothing!” She hobbled away to join her friends.
Ms. Addison looked like she was about to say something. I shook my head and went in to change. Jill came up to me. She looked uncertain. “Are you okay? I thought Rita was going to clobber you.”
I sighed. “Nothing happened.” Jill walked away and I put on my leotard.
There were several balance beams set up, a couple low ones and a couple at competition height. After warm-ups, Ms. Addison had all of us do a set on the low beam. She divided us into groups based on the results. I ended up with a couple of girls from the team. Kimberly and Heather were both working on routines for competition and seemed offended that I should take up their time on the beam.
I love the balance beam. There’s an advantage to starting Tai Chi as a toddler. Balance becomes second nature. I had a routine that I just enjoyed doing. Others were more interested in how it looked but I liked the way it felt. I enjoyed the final run – round off, back walkover, back handspring, with a forward twist dismount. I landed solid.
There was gasps around the room. Ms. Addison looked ready to faint. Jill had been working on the low beam not far from where I landed. Her eyes were wide. “How did you do that?”
This one I could answer. “I’ve been practicing this routine for almost two years. It’s my favorite.”
“Wow.” She looked a little pale.
Ms. Addison called me over. She dropped her voice. “I realize after watching you that you are far more advanced than these students.” Her voice was shaking. “Please warn me if you are going to do that routine so I can spot you.”
I was surprised. “I apologize if I worried you. I didn’t mean to. I just really like that routine. I’ve been doing it for over two years.”
She shook her head. “And you’ve never slipped or fallen?”
“No. I watch where my hands are. That’s the advantage of the two backward moves. I can see exactly where the end of the beam is.”
“I so wish you’d reconsider and join the team.”
I’d been offered spots on teams all over the country. “In all honesty, I don’t like competition. I’ve seen what it does to people. I find it disturbing. I do gymnastics to stay healthy and flexible.”
She smiled. “You are definitely unique.” She let me go. I decided not to do any more exciting beam routines. I did a couple of smaller ones but let Kimberly and Heather focus on theirs.
The talk in the locker room was exaggerated. Rita had obviously seen my routine. “She’s a reckless show-off.”
Jill paused next to me on her way out. “Don’t mind Rita. She’s just jealous. She’s always dreamed of going to State and maybe even Nationals. But it hasn’t happened so far and this is her senior year.” She said bye and walked away.
I managed to slip out before they noticed. I was in the hallway as the bell rung. I headed for the door. Kevin was headed up the stairs, probably toward his locker. I could hear Tony’s voice above. Kevin had a stack of books. I heard the clatter as they tumbled down the stairs. Everyone was laughing. Except for Kevin and me. I felt sorry for the kid. 
I noticed Davy running to help pick up the fallen books. He got in Tony’s face. “That was stupid. What if one of the books had hit someone on the head in the lower stairwell.”
Tony made a face. “Well, excuse me. I didn’t invent gravity.” His boys roared.
I was glad to get out of school. I jogged the two blocks to the dojo. It felt good to release the tension. Max was at the front desk when I walked in. I bowed at the front door, as always.
He grinned. “You must have studied in a very traditional dojo somewhere.”
“Several, actually. I even had a chance to study at a monastery in New York for a couple of months. They were very strict about traditions. We had to remove our shoes before entering the buildings.”
“Things aren’t that formal here. We stay very relaxed.” The phone rang and he answered it. I moved off to change. Several of the Wednesday classes were continuations of Monday. I was already familiar with the students and we moved ahead with the lessons. A couple of the classes were different. One only happened on Wednesdays while the other would have another session on Friday.
Mom was sitting at the table when I got home. She was mending a few things that she just couldn’t part with. We never had extra money to shop for clothes. Mine usually came from free boxes or lost and found give aways.
Thursday was just tiresome. I spent most of my day avoiding Rita. She was stalking me. It looked like Tony was doing the same thing. He actually turned down a chance to slap Kevin’s books because Rita was close-by. He’d made a comment in my direction at lunch but I ignored him. His boys had given him a hard time.
The classes at the dojo were continuations of Tuesday. The junior masters continued learning Sinawali patterns and Max paired us off at the end and stepped us through a set of actual dance moves. It was slow but I could see where it was headed. It was going to look cool!
Friday was gray and gloomy. I kept waiting for it to rain. Mr. Yenny gave a lecture on weather forecasting and explained how Doppler radar worked.
Art class is usually my favorite but the light had changed and the highlights looked wrong on the vase. I was working on detail, bringing out the sharp edges and the white areas. I could almost see a dragon swirling in the shadows of the vase. Without really intending to, he slipped into the picture.
Ms. Gilbert stopped beside me. She didn’t say anything for a moment. I was worried she was going to tell me to stick to reality. She leaned over my board. “The effect is amazing. It’s almost surreal. I like your style. I look forward to seeing how you play with that concept.”
I remembered to breathe. And I smiled. I was so relieved. She liked it. One of the other girls that had been sitting at my table paused to look. “Oh! That’s cool.” She looked at me. “You draw dragons so well. You should exhibit your work at the dragon shop up in Pike Place Market.”
I had no idea where that was. It lifted my mood. I finished the picture and put a top coat of sealant on it. There wasn’t enough time left in class to matte it. I left it in my slot when the bell rang.
I grabbed my math book and homework from my locker. I was just closing the door when Tony slapped the books out of Kevin’s hands. This was getting old. I frowned at him. He looked hurt. I didn’t care. I turned to walk away and had to do a quick sidestep to keep from tripping over David. It saved me from something worse. I’m not sure what it was but I could tell the direction it came from and looked up to see Rita’s mixed expression.
A small balloon filled with something noxious had exploded on the lockers. I had been far enough away not to get splattered. Tony, David, and Kevin had taken the worst of it. They looked miserable.
Tony scowled at Rita. “Really? Ugh! What is this?”
Rita looked horrified. She turned and hobbled away. The other students were fleeing from the smell. Kevin started to retch. Tony was a moment too late in his retreat. Kevin puked on him. David started to laugh.
“You think this is funny?” Tony roared and launched at David.
I did the logical thing and went to our classroom. “Mr. Craig. Can you call a custodian? There’s a seriously bad mess in the hallway. And maybe the nurse. Kevin lost it.”
“Oh, my. Just a moment.” He went to his desk and made some calls.
The other students had gone to the door and were watching the scene. I didn’t even want to think about it. A couple of janitors came running. Even they weren’t prepared. They managed to separate Tony and David. The older one told the boys to go to the locker room and get cleaned up. The nurse managed to pull Kevin down the stairs. He was still heaving. She looked pale.
Mr. Craig motioned for me to come to his desk. “Do you know what happened?”
I prefer simple answers. “A student threw something at the locker and it exploded on the three boys. The smell made Kevin sick and he heaved.”
Mr. Craig shook his head. “Thank god it’s Friday.” He managed to get the class focused. Neither Kevin nor Davy came to class. I felt bad. I had been Rita’s intended target.
The janitors were still scrubbing on the floor, wall, and locker doors when the bell rang. I wondered if anything had gotten into the locker. The only thing in mine was school books. They were on the shelf, which should have been above the splash zone. The smell was still pretty bad. One of the janitors was using full strength bleach on the floor. “There must be some kind of dye in this. It’s not coming off.”
I gave up any idea of eating and went straight to the library. All I had with me was my math book. I made a logical guess on the next few assignments and worked ahead. The janitors had given up by the end of lunch. I found a few spatters in the locker but the books were clean. The smell lingered.
Soc-Ec was buzzing with gossip. I didn’t say anything. Ms. Green reminded the class of the cost of this kind of practical joke. Not just for the school but for the three students who had to be sent home. Their clothes had been completely ruined. And Kevin had been made physically ill. The kids quieted. I was thinking about the dye. If the janitors were struggling to get it off of the nonporous surfaces, what was it going to take to get it off of skin?
Senior Lit Class was also talking about the mess but Professor Linton began talking about the way the land owners had driven the dust bowl farmers off the land. Everyone forgot all about the mess in the hall. Linton would have made Steinbeck proud.
I was dreading gym class. I hadn’t seen Rita since she threw the bomb. I noticed there were only mats out today. I went to the locker room, cautiously, almost waiting for Rita to ambush me. I could hear soft voices ahead and slowed down. None of them sounded like Rita. I peered around the corner. She wasn’t with the other girls. Heather looked up. She scowled. “You don’t have to creep around. Rita isn’t here. She went home sick.” They all stared at me.
I moved off to a different section and changed. We worked floor routines again. I learned from listening that Rita had been horrified to the point of illness because of Tony. She’d gone home shortly after the incident. I also learned that the reason only the mats were down was because there was a basketball game that night. Apparently there were jocks at Hamilton. Tony just wasn’t one of them.
I was so relieved to get out of school that afternoon that I didn’t care that the sky was the color of the inside of an empty tin can. It still wasn’t exactly raining. It was more like a clinging mist. I was damp by the time I got to the dojo.
Philip was my breath of fresh air. He actually made me laugh. I wanted to hug him but I didn’t feel it was appropriate. All I could do was say thank you. My last class of the night was my struggling Karate kids. There were seven of them, two boys and the rest girls. Debra was the drama queen of the class. “I’m never going to get this!”
But she did. By the end of the class period, all of them had the kata down. They went off to change. Someone called my name. I turned and found one of the girls from Soc-Ec class standing in the doorway. “So, you’re Robert’s new instructor that he’s been raving about. Wow. I was watching the last few minutes of class. You’re really as good as he claims.” She was smiling.
I didn’t know her name and I wasn’t sure what to say. “Robert is doing well.”
She tilted her head to one side and gasped. “Is there a dragon on your gee, too?” She came into the room. “That’s amazing. Do you have dragons on all your clothes?”
I was tired. Physically from the last six hours of classes. Mentally and emotionally from the challenging day at school. I really didn’t want to have a conversation. “Yes.”
“You are such an amazing artist. And dragons are so cool.”
Max was watching me from outside the classroom. He must be tired, too. “I really should go change. I’m sure Robert will be out soon.” She looked disappointed. I headed for the locker room and got into my street clothes. 
Everyone had left by the time I came out. Max was cleaning up the kitchen. I put my backpack down and went in to help him. He looked over at me. “You could have talked to Rebecca. Classes were over.”
I washed the dishes and stacked them in the drainer. At least I knew her name now. “It was late. I didn’t want to take too much time. I’m guessing you’d like to go home, too.”
He smiled. It was one of those soft and gentle ones. “I’ve noticed that it takes you a while to warm up to people.”
I washed the last dish and emptied the pan of water. “I’ve never had a lot of friends. It doesn’t feel fair to them. I never know how long I’m going to stay. I learned that it hurts people when you suddenly disappear. I’m just saving them the grief.”
He chuckled. “An interesting way to rationalize it.” He poured a cup of tea and handed it to me. He poured one for himself. “You are trying to protect others from separation sorrow by not getting attached in the first place.” He raised an eyebrow.
“I suppose so.”
“Have you considered that you might be hurting both you and others by not having friendships with them? You are a special person, Erin. One with many talents and gifts. I feel blessed to know you, even if it might be for only a short time.”
“It’s not easy when we move around all the time. And I never know how long we’ll be in one place.”
“How long have you and your mom been moving around like that?”
I thought about it. “Since I was six. We lived with Fusan and his family until then.”
“What is your mother running from?”
The dreaded question. “I don’t know.”
Max studied his tea. “When faced with unknown shadows, the best course of action is to turn on the light.”
I knew what he was saying. I finished the tea and washed the cup. Max was studying me. “I’ll consider what you said. Thank you, Max. Good night.”
I picked up my backpack and walked out of the dojo. All of my senses tensed. A shadow was standing in the entry way.

* * *
5
Philip turned and smiled at me. I forced my tensed muscles to relax. Hey, Erin. Headed home?” He pointed out at the mist. “You should have an umbrella. This will soak you. That’s why I’m waiting under the roof for the bus.”
I could see one coming down the street. “Is that it?”
He grinned. “It is. I’ll see you tomorrow!” He ran out to the bus stop. The bus pulled up. He waved, got on, and the bus roared away.
I walked home in the thick mist that had become a swirling fog around the streetlights. My thoughts were on Philip and the other junior masters. I was making friends at the dojo.  This happened quite often. People who are serious martial artists have a certain maturity that isn’t aged based as much as it is training based. As one of my Sanseis had put it, as you learn how to do harm to others, you must learn how to control your mind and emotions so you do not use that knowledge for the wrong reasons.
Most of the kids at school seemed very immature. I didn’t really know Rebecca. Real friendships usually take more than a couple of weeks to form. I had seldom had that, especially lately.
Mom was laying down but not asleep when I came in. “How was your day?”
“Are you sure you want to know?”
She sat up. “Erin, what happened?”
I sat beside her and put my arm around her shoulders. “Just stupid high school stuff, kids being mean to each other, the typical things.”
She hugged me. “I know it’s rough. I’m sure jumping around like this doesn’t make it any easier.”
“Sometimes it does.” I took her hands in mine. “Mom, who are you afraid is going to find us?”
She kissed me on the forehead. “It’s late. We’re both tired. Why don’t you change and crawl into bed?”
She was trembling. I didn’t want to upset her. I went into the bathroom to change and brush my teeth. By the time I came out, she was laying down again. I got into bed and she turned out the light.
The sky outside the window had a strange reddish cast. I knew it was from the fog reflecting the lights of the city. My overtired mind had its own ideas. I closed my eyes and focused on breathing. I wished I hadn’t asked.
Fusan seem to dance inside my tired eyelids. “A mind focused on the past is lost in sorrow. A mind focused on the future is lost in fear. Only a mind that is here in the present is conscious and can pay attention.”
I struggled to be here in the present. I closed my eyes and surrendered to sleep. My dreams seemed haunted by shadows. I woke several times during the night. I was relieved when the sky finally brightened enough to be called morning.
I planned to spend the entire weekend at the dojo. This was normal for me. The Saturday morning junior masters class was fun. Max rotated us in pairs so that by the end of the first half of class, we had all had a chance to work with each other. Max taught us several new Sinawali patterns. Max paired me off with Philip. By the end of the class, we were working at full speed. Not only did it look cool but it sounded amazing. Philip laughed. “Now that will make people sit up and pay attention!”
I had to smile at his enthusiasm. He was a lot of fun to work with. “You said the stick art of your local region was similar. What does it look like?”
He demonstrated a few of the techniques. Several others came over to see what we were doing. Linda came up beside me. “That looks cool.”
Philip began explaining some of the uses. Max joined us. “That’s an interesting move. I like how it makes use of the momentum of your entire body.”
I watched him perform it again. “It reminds me of a bo-kata move.” We ended up in a discussion of comparative moves from several different arts.
We broke for an early lunch around eleven. Linda walked beside me to the kitchen. “I wish I had known that move before.”
The tone of her voice had an odd ring to it. I could see the tension in her body. “Who would you have used it on?”
She shivered. “The guys who attacked me. I was only twelve.” Her face twitched. She turned away. “Has anyone ever attacked you? You know, not in class, but in the real world?”
I felt my stomach tighten. “Not really attacked. I’ve defended myself from a few kids who were being stupid but they were trying to frighten me, not actually hurt me.”
She didn’t look up. “That’s why I started coming to class. I didn’t want to feel helpless like that anymore.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. I took a plate and went to the counter where Max was dishing out rice noodles, vegetables, and chicken in a creamy sauce. “Are you still worried about being attacked?”
Linda poured herself a cup of tea. “Not as much as I used to be. The self-defense class that Max teaches really helped and then I started trying out the different martial arts. I like Eskrima the best. Anything can become a baston, even a tightly rolled newspaper. It makes me feel safer.”
We went to the library and sat down. Philip took the place next to me and Linda sat on the other side. The afternoon students began arriving. Max assigned me to a class of very young children who were just beginning to learn Taekwondo. It turned out to be a lot of fun.
Later in the afternoon, an unhappy parent kept Max over the class break. He asked me to go into his class and make sure everyone had begun warming up. I didn’t even know what art it was. Max was proficient in quite a few.
I found a group of high school aged boys. “Max will be in shortly. Please begin your warm-up exercises.” 
A couple of the boys snickered. One in the front row looked at me. “My partner isn’t here today. Are you going to spar with me?” His tone was very condescending.
Max walked in the door at the same time. “I think that would be an excellent idea. Brian, come to the front mat.”
The boy looked shocked. “I don’t want to hurt her, Max.”
Max smiled and looked at me. “Be gentle with him, Erin.” He named a move and I knew we were doing Aikido.
Brian came to the mat and I moved to face him. We bowed to each other. I took the defensive. He looked uncertain. “Maybe you should do the attacking.”
I shrugged. “If that’s your choice.” I changed stance and he took the defensive stance.
Max was struggling to hide his grin. “Begin.”
I moved forward, took advantage of his slightly higher center of gravity, and took him down as gently as I could. He looked up at me wide-eyed. I controlled my expression. “Try a little harder next time.” I held out my hand and helped him up. We bowed and he returned to his place. I looked at Max, expecting to be assigned to a younger class.
He moved to stand next to me. “We’ve been working on Ryote-mochi Tenchi-nage. Erin and I will demonstrate the correct flow of motion for this move.” He turned and I moved to face him. We bowed to each other. Without warning, he reached forward and grabbed my wrists. I pulled my arms apart, one upward and the other downward, pulled him off balance, and took him down. The entire move had been fast. I could hear the students gasp.
Max looked up at me and smiled. I held out my hand and helped him up. He grinned. “Thank you.” He pointed to a couple of boys at the end of the row. “If you would assist Paul and Martin, I will work with the other three.”
We ate dinner and moved onto evening classes. Several of the classes were all adults. Max broke apart a very large class that Steven had been teaching and assigned me to the other half. It was a Tai Chi class and half of the class was far more advanced than the other. I ended up with the advanced group. I hoped Steven wouldn’t be offended.
At the end of class, an older man with silver hair paused next to me. “I have been doing Tai Chi for over thirty years. How is it that one as young as you has such perfect form?”
I considered the question. “I’ve been doing Tai Chi since I could stand. My first teacher was an elderly Zen Buddhist Monk. I learned by emulating his movements.”
He bowed to me. “I am honored to have you to emulate.” He left the classroom.
Steven was standing in the doorway. The man wished him good night and Steven came in. “I was going to ask how it went but by Mr. Callen’s comment, I’m guessing it was fine.”
“So it seems.” I was trying to tell by his tone and posture how he felt about it. “How long have you been working with this group?”
He grinned. “About six months. I’ve seen your Tai Chi form during class. It’s impressive. I knew this group would appreciate your level of ability.”
I was touched by the compliment. “Thank you.” We walked together to the locker rooms.
Linda and Amy had already finished changing. Amy smiled at me. “I heard you wowed the evening Tai Chi class. One of the ladies couldn’t stop saying what a great form you have.”
I felt the heat rise in my face. “Tai Chi has been part of my life forever. It’s like breathing. I don’t even think about it anymore unless I’m teaching specific moves.”
We went out. The others were still milling around in the hall. Ryan caught up with us. “Do you need a ride?”
Linda looked at me. I shook my head. “I only live a few blocks away but thanks for the offer.”
She chewed on her lip. “Okay.” They walked out together.
Philip glanced at his watch. “Oh, my goodness! I’m going to miss my bus if I don’t hurry. Have a good night, Erin!” He ran out the door.
I said good night to the others and left. Philip’s bus was just pulling away. I started walking down the sidewalk. The overcast sky made the night unnaturally bright. It still wasn’t really raining, just a light mist. It was like the spray on the vegetables at the supermarket. I was soaked by the time I got home.
Mom wasn’t back yet. The diner must stay open a little later on Saturday nights. I got changed and sat down on my cot to meditate. It was close to midnight by the time she finally came home. She was drenched, too, and she had a much shorter walk.
Sunday was another day of classes at the dojo. We had a shorter junior masters class. Not everyone was there so only a few of us practiced Sinawali. Philip and I spend the better part of an hour working on precision at speed. 
Max pulled me aside at lunch. “I realize you’re dedicated but you aren’t required to come every day.”
“I don’t really have anywhere else to go. Besides, I like it here.”
Philip came up behind me chuckling. “Is he trying to toss you out in the cold, too?”
Max grinned. “I never turn away anyone. I just don’t want you to get burned out.”
Philip gave me a look. “That’s what he says to all of us.” Then he laughed so hard I had no choice but to laugh, too. It’s something I don’t do very often but Philip is contagious!
Classes ended early on Sunday evenings. Max closed up the dojo around eight so he and Susan could spend a little time together. I walked home, watching the few other people out and about in the persistent mist.
I woke Monday morning to the light spatting of rain against the window. The weather had finally broken the stalemate. I pulled the raincoat out of my pack. Sui Riu stood out against the medium blue vinyl of the jacket. I decided to wear Sirrush. He was one of my favorite chaos dragons. He looked fierce with his head perched on one shoulder and a claw on the other.
I was surprised when I got to school. I’d figured with the rain, everyone would be inside. Tony and his pack were clustered under the overhang near the front door. I noticed Rita and her clutch hanging back behind them. She was no longer using crutches. She was trying to get closer to Tony but he kept moving around the pack.
David came running down the sidewalk as I got close. He sprinted up the stairs.
Tony almost looked relieved. He darted forward and grabbed David. “Did you seriously think you could sneak past me?” He pulled him up by the front of his jacket. “Hand it over!”
“Come on, Tony. Give me a break. I missed breakfast because of you.”
Tony snickered. “How did you get out of the bathroom? Did your mama let you out?”
“I need my lunch money. My dad gave you some. I saw him. You should be grateful for everything my family has done for you and your mom.”
Tony snarled in David’s face. “You leave my mama out of this!” He dragged him toward the corner of the building where one of the downspouts ejected water down a heavy metal chain attached to a rock filled urn. He pushed David under the stream of water. “Give!”
David sputtered and waved his hands around. “Let me go!”
Tony grinned maliciously. “Not until you fork over the cash.”
“Okay! Whatever!” Tony pulled him out of the water. David dug into his pocket and threw the soggy money at his cousin. He turned and stomped inside.
I waited until all of their attention was focused on Tony and made my way up the stairs and inside the school. I managed to read more of the Grapes of Wrath before the bell rang. Mr. Yenny hit us with a pop quiz right off the bat. It wasn’t hard. I aced it. He caught one of the kids trying to look up an answer on his phone and took it away. He talked the rest of the period about cell phone technology.
About five minutes before the end of class, one of the office assistants came to the door. Mr. Yenny looked at me and held up a hall pass. I picked up my things and headed for the office, wondering if this was about the dye bomb incident.
I held up the pass as I walked into the office. The lady at the desk pointed to a chair. “Just a moment. I’ll let Ms. Henning know you’re here.”
That wasn’t who I expected to get a lecture from. I could hear the stern voice of Principal Granger in his office giving some unfortunate student a lecture. I wondered if it was Tony.
Ms. Henning appeared. She had an odd expression on her face. “Let’s go back to my office.” I followed her through the maze. She shut the door behind us and motioned to the chair by her desk. She sank into her own. My new folder was open on her desk. “I got a call from Lincoln High School this morning.” She looked down at a piece of paper in the thin stack. “They had red-tagged your file.” She looked up at me. “Someone tried to get information from it on Friday.”
I struggled to breathe. “Who?”
“I don’t know. When a student’s file is red tagged, it requires a court order to access it by anyone not on the list, which would be you, me, or your mom.”
I could tell by the way she was talking that something was still to come. I don’t know why it is that adults tend to slow down when they talk about stuff they think is going to upset us. But she was doing that, saying every word very precisely and slowly. “Okay.”
She sighed. “The reason Mr. Utek called me was because someone claiming to be a school counselor called trying to get a copy of your transcripts. This immediately caused concerned because your folder had been red flagged and I’d spoken personally with Mr. Utek and he knows where you are. He was very careful not to say anything that would give that away.”
My mind was reeling. This meant more than Ms. Henning probably realized. Not only did it mean that someone was using my school files to track us but it meant… “She was right. Someone is following us.”
This has been a point of contention as long as I can remember. I’ve had school counselors claim my mother was either paranoid or crazy, or maybe both. We’d been jumping every few months since I was six. I’d never seen anyone but my mother insisted they were there.
On another very different level, this bothered me. It meant that I was not as observant as I thought. I had tried numerous times to see the people chasing us but had never accomplished it. Yet here was the final proof. I felt numb.
“Erin?” Ms. Henning was staring at me.
“I’m sorry. It’s just a bit of a shock.” I tried to process everything. The proverbial gears seemed to be jammed.
“Do you have any idea what your mother is running from?”
Max had asked me almost the same question. “I don’t know.”
Ms. Henning folded her hands on her desk. “Erin, I want to help you. You are a very special person with amazing gifts. I want to see you succeed. I know someone who works with social services…”
“No.” I’d heard enough horror stories from other kids to know I didn’t want anything to do with those people. I needed answers. “I have to talk to my mom about stuff.”
Ms. Henning frowned. “It sounds like you and your mom could use some help.”
I’d gotten a speech like that when I was eight. I had been a trusting kid back then and believed the lady who told me that. It had been a disaster. I wasn’t worried that people were going to try to take me away from my mom anymore. I’m probably too old for that, but I had learned that people who want to help are often in the dark. The things they do make a bad situation even worse.
I realized the bell had rung. “I’ll think about what you said and talk to my mom. As long as no one got any information from the folder, we should be safe.”
“Mr. Utek said he would remove any reference to Hamilton High School from your folder and keep it in a sealed envelope in his personal files. He thinks you’re one amazing student and is willing to do whatever it takes to help you feel safe.”
That did help. I focused on a couple of deep breaths. “I really do need to go to class.”
She smiled. “I’ll write you out a hall pass.” She led the way back to the main section of the office. She wrote it out and handed it to me. “Please don’t be afraid to ask for help.”
“Thanks.” I took the pass and escaped out into the empty hall. I had to stop at my locker to drop off my books. I headed for the art room.
I paused at the door to catch my breath and heard something talking behind me. It was an odd sounding voice that stuttered. I turned to see Kevin in the room across the hall. He was standing at the teacher’s desk showing her a piece of work. “It is … f-f-for my m-m-mom.” He seemed to struggle with just that small sentence.
I moved quietly across the hall and looked at what the teacher was holding. “This is a beautiful plaque, Kevin. Your mom is really going to like this. Is she still in the hospital?”
He shook his head. “Hos-pice … care.”
She nodded sadly. “I know how hard it is to see someone you love go through chemotherapy. Do they think it helped?” Her voice was soft.
Kevin looked like he was struggling not to cry. He shook his head. He took the plaque back. I could see the intricate raised flower pattern that bordered the plaque. It must have taken a long time and a lot of work to make. It was beautiful. He put it in a box and covered it with tissue paper before closing the lid.
I went into my own class. Everyone was working. I handed the hall pass to Ms. Gilbert. Her brow wrinkled. She leaned forward and dropped her voice. “Is everything okay?”
What was I supposed to say? “I’ll live.” It was the truth. I got my board and a clean sheet of paper to start on the next angle of the still life. I couldn’t stop thinking about Kevin. Now I knew why he never talked. He’d struggled so hard for just those few words. I knew he wasn’t dumb. He always did his homework in math and he obviously understood it.
My sketchy outline took shape. From the angle I was sitting at, the handles on the vase reminded me of curling dragons. One began to take form in the drawing. I was disappointed when Ms. Gilbert gave us the five minute warning. I had just found the balance point of the piece. But I put away my board and washed my hands.
The bell rang and kids poured out into the hall. I saw Kevin come out of his classroom. He had the box between two of his books and he was watching the halls ahead of him. My gut turned to stone. I could almost feel Sirrush crawling across my skin, waiting for chaos to strike.
I heard him before I saw him. Tony was somewhere ahead of us in the hallway. Kevin went pale. He hurried toward his locker. Tony came into view. He wasn’t alone. Several of his boys, Rita, and a couple of girls from the team were coming down the hall. Rita was trying to work her way next to Tony. He was sidestepping, using the other kids in the hallway as a shield.
I knew the moment Tony spotted Kevin. The expression on his face changed. He said something to the group and headed toward the boy who was struggling to reach his locker. The girl who had the locker next to mine, I’d discovered her name was Kiyana, was there. Kevin tried to get to his. She got mad. “Just wait your turn. It’s not like I don’t wait for you to move.”
Tony was only a few steps away. I could see the intent. He started to raise his arm. Something in me snapped. I slid around several other kids and pushed my hand forward to block his slap. 

* * *
6
Tony’s hand hit my wrist. My hand was in motion – upward. If it had been static, the blow would have broken my wrist. As it was, it hurt bad. The momentum I’d given my arm carried Tony’s hand away from Kevin. I put myself between Tony and Kevin and looked Tony straight in the face. “No more.”
He gasped. “What the…?” His eyes went wide and he back peddled.
The group around us went silent. Everyone was staring at us. David was across the hallway, no doubt waiting in the wings to help pick up books. His expression was somewhere between horror and confusion.
Rita pushed forward and started to reach for Tony’s arm. I saw him glance in her direction and his expression flickered. Was that fear? He looked back at me. “Dragon Lady.” His mouth slid into a grin. “You’re my kind of woman.”
This was the last thing I expected. A fellow martial artist had once used a similar statement to break my concentration during a contest of push hands. I seldom make the same mistake twice. It set me on defense. “Not a chance.”
His grin deepened. “Really?”
For the briefest moment, I was concerned that he was planning on leaning forward and kissing me. I’m not sure what I would have done. Fortunately, I was spared. Rita made the most exasperated sound. “You are such a jerk!” She whirled and stomped off with her girls in tow.
Tony looked absolutely relieved. The boys around him stood quietly laughing but they were nervous. Tony kept his eyes on me and the grin curled. He was struggling to hold back laughter.
I felt Kevin move away from his locker. He headed for the classroom. I backed up, turned and ignored Tony. I got the math book out, and walked toward the classroom. David was standing next to the door, looking between me and Tony. He shook his head and followed me into the classroom.
Kevin was standing just inside the door. I could see the dampness in the corners of his eyes. I was concerned. “Is it still in one piece?”
He nodded.
I relaxed. “Good.” I took my seat and opened my book. A moment later, Kevin dropped a piece of paper on my desk. The handwriting was beautiful. There was a quick sketch of a rose and the words Thank You. I looked over at him and nodded.
David sat next to me. He opened his own book as Mr. Craig began writing on the board. “I missed something. Didn’t I?”
“Yes.”
Mr. Craig turned around. “Please turn in your homework.” He took mine and looked at the paper. “This is more than I asked for, Ms. Dawson.”
“I just wanted to make sure I understood the concept, sir.” He frowned but moved on to collect the rest.
David looked over at me. “Is your hand okay?”
I flexed it. It hurt.
Mr. Craig looked back at us. “Is there a problem, Mr. Jensen?”
David sat up straighter. “I was just concerned about Erin’s hand, sir. Someone hit her in the hallway.”
I wanted to kick him. Mr. Craig walked back over. “May I see your hand, Ms. Dawson?”
I sighed and held it out. The point of contact had turned a few shades of scarlet to purple. David gasped. I ignored him. “It’s really not that bad.”
Mr. Craig’s eyes went so wide I was afraid they were going to fall out. He pulled a pad out of his pocket, wrote something on it, and handed me the torn off slip. “Let’s let the school nurse be the judge of that.”
I reluctantly got up and left the room. I dropped my books in the locker and walked to the office. The secretary looked up at me. “Back so soon?” I shrugged and handed her the pass. She read it. “Let’s see your hand.” I thought she was going to pass out. She quickly led me back to the nurse’s office.
The nurse was with a student but the door was open. She was giving the student something in a little paper cup. “If that doesn’t help your headache in an hour, come back. Okay?” The student nodded and slipped away. The nurse looked up. “And what have we here?”
The secretary looked at the hall pass. “This is Erin Dawson. She was hit in the hand between classes.”
The nurse motioned for me to come in. “Let’s have a look.” I presented it. “Oh, my. That could be broken.”
I flexed it. “I don’t think so. It’s just a bruise. Our hands just collided in the hallway.”
The nurse looked uncertain. “Let’s put some ice on it. Are you in any pain?”
“No, ma’am. It looks worse than it is, really. It was Mr. Craig’s idea for me to come up here. I really don’t think it’s an issue.”
She insisted that I lay down in one of the booths with cots. I laid there for most of the class period while several other students came in complaining of various aches and pains. The nurse dispensed out pain killers like they were candy.
She finally released me with only a few minutes left of class. I hadn’t even made it back to the classroom before the mad rush for lunch began. I did manage to avoid being trampled. In the stampede, I noticed David make a face at Tony then ducked down a hallway. I consider that asking for it and I wasn’t about to go to his rescue.
Tony slipped away from his buddies, waited until they were out of sight, and followed David. This was not his normal behavior. From what I’d seen, he wanted an audience. My curiosity got the better of me. I slipped through the tail-end of the crowd and went down the hallway.
I heard them whispering to each other. David was obviously upset. “Why did you hit her?”
“I didn’t mean to. She just slipped in. I was aiming for the books. Honest.”
I peered around the corner. Tony was leaning against a locker and David was pacing in the hallway. “You should have seen her hand. It was a mess. Mr. Craig sent her to the nurse and she never came back. What if you broke it?”
Tony looked contrite. “I didn’t mean it. I don’t even know where she came from. I saw Kevin and went for the books, like always. The next thing I know, she’s there. It’s scared the hell out of me.”
David stopped pacing and faced off with Tony. “And what’s the deal with your kind of lady?”
Tony sighed loudly and turned around to put his head against the locker. “Rita is driving me crazy.” There was a metallic thud as his head made contact. He turned back. “It was a spur of the moment. She hates me. I figured I was safe.”
Voices came from the other end of the hall. Both boys looked ready to panic. Tony grabbed David and pushed his head up to a locker as a couple of students came around the other corner. Tony growled. “I don’t really care.” He kicked a nearby locker handle and the door flew open. David struggled. Tony grabbed him and somehow managed to shove him inside.
The two boys who had just showed up laughed hysterically as David pleaded for Tony not to shut the door. Tony made a big play of trying to but David’s arm was blocking it. Tony laughed and gave up. He walked off with the other boys back the way they’d come from.
David waited a moment, then climbed out. His clothes were rumpled but he didn’t seem hurt. He started in my direction.
I was confused. I decided I didn’t want to know. I turned and ran down the hall, slowing only a moment to blend into the crowd. My stomach felt tight. I didn’t want to think about food. I spent the rest of the lunch hour in the library.
The bell rang. I went to Soc-Ec and sat in the back corner. Other kids started filing in. One detached from the group and came toward me. It was Rebecca. She took the seat next to mine and glanced at my hand. “That looks pretty bad.”
Part of me wanted to ignore the comment but Max’s lecture popped into my head. I focused on my breathing for a moment. “It’s not that bad, it just looks colorful. I’ve had worse.”
“I saw what happened in the hallway. That was awesome that you stood up for Kevin. Most kids think he’s dumb because he doesn’t talk and he’s big but I’ve known him a long time. We went to the same grade school. He’s really smart. He can draw, too.”
“He made something for his mom in ceramic class. He had it in his arms with his books. I just didn’t want to see it get broken.”
Rebecca’s face softened. “That’s so special. His mom has been sick a long time. My mom says she has cancer.” She looked ready to cry. “You’re so brave to stand up to Tony Burns. He’s such a bully. No wonder my brother thinks you’re the coolest.”
“I’m not brave.” I’ve never considered myself that. I pulled my jacket a little tighter around me. “My dragons are brave.”
Ms. Green finally came in the room but she was busy at her desk. Rebecca looked at my clothes. “That one is really different than the one on your gee.”
“This is Sirrush. The Babylonian’s believed he symbolized chaos.”
Ms. Green began passing back assignments. “Those of you who actually turned in your work, did a great job.” She came down the row and handed me back the map. “Nicely done.” She handed a packet of paper to Rebecca. “Interesting story. I like your use of cultural issues in the characters.” She moved on.
Rebecca looked relieved. “I was afraid she wasn’t going to like it.” Rebecca rubbed her forehead.
I could see the grimace of pain cross her face. “Are you okay?”
“It’s just another headache. I get them all the time in school. The nurse thinks it’s these lights – they flicker. I’ve already been to the health room once today. I don’t really want to go again. Whatever kind of aspirin the nurse gives out gives me an upset stomach.”
I hate taking any kind of pills. I’ve always found other ways of dealing with pain. I looked over at her. I could see the tension in her body. “Taking too much aspirin isn’t good for you. Just close your eyes for a few minutes.”
She did. “Tell me about your dragons. Do they all have names?”
I watched Ms. Green, trying to decide if she’d get mad that we were talking but others were also talking quietly. “They do. My dragons are based on historical mythical dragons. There are dragons all over the world.”
She leaned back against the wall. “I wish I had a dragon.”
Fusan’s voice seemed to echo in my mind. “Dragons only come to those with pure hearts and sound bodies. They are noble creatures who only serve worthy hosts.” I realized how condescending that sounded. “At least that’s what I was told by the person who taught me to draw dragons.”
Rebecca looked over at me. “Do you think a dragon would find me worthy?”
Ms. Green moved to the front of the class and began her lecture. We were moving on to the people of the southeastern United States who were heavily influenced by the culture of the Deep South before the Civil War.
At the end of class, Rebecca started to get up. I watched her and wondered if the lights were really giving her headaches or if it was something else. I tapped her on the shoulder. “Bring me a shirt and we’ll see if we can find you a dragon.”
She smiled. “Thanks.”
I moved onto the Senior Lit and another round of Grapes. I’d refreshed myself with the story that morning so I felt more confident to partake in the class discussion. 
Mr. Linton noticed my hand as I walked in the classroom. “Ouch. That looks like it hurt. What’s the other half of the equation look like?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask.” I went to the back of the room.
Tony walked in. He looked around but didn’t head to his normal seat. He came down the row and dropped into the seat next to mine. He looked over at me with a comical sad look. “Can I kiss it and make it better?”
I opened my book. “No.”
He put on a pout. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it, you know.”
I considered all my options. I realized Kevin needed protection, especially after school. I looked at him. “Don’t you dare even think of messing with Kevin. Leave him alone.”
David had taken the seat in front of mine. He scowled at Tony. “If he does, I’ll tell my dad and he’ll beat the shit out of him.”
Tony’s expression tightened. Every nerve in my body tensed. I’d seen that look before. It had been on a student in a dojo back east. I’d been maybe fourteen and had no real understanding of what men did with each other. It was a frightening awakening for me when I learned the truth. It was even worse to discover that some boys were forced by older ones into doing things they really didn’t want to do. I thought about the conversation I’d overheard and wondered if Tony and David were in that situation.
Mr. Linton called the class to order and we got into the story. He was discussing my least favorite character, Jim Casy. Everyone was saying how important he was and why he was so great. I frowned. Mr. Linton must have noticed. “Erin. What do you think of Jim Casy?”
“I don’t like him. I know he’s supposed to represent the morality of the situation but he’s not realistic. I prefer Tom before Casy messes with his head. He’s in the present, not thinking about his past or so much worried about the future. Jim Casy messed him up.”
Tony looked over at me with an odd expression. The rest of the class stared at me. Mr. Linton looked thoughtful. “That’s an interesting insight.” The bell rang. I was relieved. “Assignment on the board, people.” Everyone spilled out into the hall.
I could feel someone behind me and turned around. Tony was right there. “You are in my personal space.”
He looked like I’d slapped him. He backed up a step. “Sorry.” He looked down at my hand. “I really am. About your hand, you know.” He started to turn away then looked back at me. “I don’t like Casy either. He gives me the creeps.” He disappeared into the crowd.
I shuddered and went to gym class. His statement stuck with me. Casy creeped me out, too. It was something I could never put my finger on.
I wasn’t really focused when I walked into the locker room. Years of training saved me. Movement in my peripheral vision caused an immediate response. I jumped aside as the frame of the uneven bars, which had been leaning against a wall, crashed down almost on top of me.
Every nerve went into action mode. It was a good thing Rita was around the corner or I might have accidentally done her damage. She came around the corner looking both smug and faking shock. “You are such a klutz.”
Ms. Addison came running. Half the school probably heard the clatter. She stopped in the hallway. “Erin, are you hurt?”
“No, ma’am.” I forced myself to relax and released my body from ready stance. I didn’t even look at Rita. I began picking up the fallen equipment.
Ms. Addison helped. She secured the safety lines to the equipment. By the time the hallway was clear, everyone else had moved back into the locker room to change. I could hear Rita and her clutch giggling. Ms. Addison touched my arm and motioned toward the gym. I followed her into her office. She shut the door. “Now tell me what happened.”
It really was my own fault. I should have been paying attention. “I apologize. I should have been watching where I was going.”
She frowned. “That was no accident. I secured the support ropes when I took the equipment down and put it in the hall. You don’t need to cover for Rita.”
I’ve never liked telling on other kids. I think it’s tacky and in the long run, it gets me into worse situations. I shrugged. “I really wasn’t paying attention. If I had been, I would have noticed the equipment was loose. Regardless of who instigated the situation, if I’d been focused, I wouldn’t have walked into it to begin with.”
She shook her head. Then frowned. “What happened to your hand?”
I glanced at it. It had gotten even more colorful. Now there were shades of green and yellow around the edges of the scarlet and purple. “I ran into another student in the hallway.” I really did sound like a klutz today.
She took my hand and pressed on it. I did my best not to react. “Nothing feels broken but I’m tempted to make you sit out the day.”
I glanced out her window. The balance beams and mats were out. “I won’t use it.”
She didn’t look happy. “All right. No pressure on that hand. Go get suited up.”
I left her office and passed the other girls as they came out. Jill paused in the hallway. “Are you okay?”
I nodded. “I’ll live. Better go. Sounds like they’re starting warm-ups. I’ll be out in a few.”
She looked uncertain. “You didn’t get in trouble, did you?”
“No.” I watched her run down the hallway. I sighed and went in to change.
I was true to my word. I didn’t put any pressure on the hand. I did everything either one handed or without hands at all. When it came to the balance beam, I spend most of the time helping several other girls with their routines.
After school, Rita and the other team members got into their fancy sweat suits and went roving in the halls. Jill walked out with me. “They are such show-offs.”
Tony and his boys were headed for the door when Rita and company cornered them. Tony looked uncertain. Rita was strutting. “Why would you want to go out with Erin? She’s such a klutz.”
Tony scowled. “Did you do something to my girlfriend?”
I’m not sure who was more surprised, Rita, Jill, or me. Jill turned and looked at me. “Are you going out with Tony?”
“Only in his delusional fantasies.”
Jill giggled. “Jamie Peterson asked me out at lunch. Everyone thinks he’s a geek but I think he’s cute. Do you have a boyfriend outside of school?”
I’ve never had one but it’s hard to explain that to normal girls who don’t move every few months. I had never really been in one place long enough to develop a friendship. How could I ever have a boyfriend? I thought about Philip. He made me smile. He was a boy and a friend. That counted for something. “Sort of.”
She grinned. “I figured you must. You’re so pretty. All the guys have been watching you, trying to decide.”
“Seriously?” This was something new. I’d never been considered pretty. I didn’t wear make-up and all of my clothes were out of a free box with my own designs to hide the stains.
A car pulled up. “Oh, there’s my dad. I have to go. See you tomorrow.”
I waited until they had driven away then started walking. The rain had let up a little but I was still happy for the protection of the raincoat. I took it off in the entryway, along with my wet shoes, and carried it to the back room. Max was still in his seniors’ yoga class. By the time I had changed, the class was finished and the seniors were bundling up to go out to the waiting van. I helped a couple and came back in with Max.
He was frowning. “What happened?”
I knew he was referring to my hand. “Ah, the topic of the day.” I held it up and admired the bruise. “I saved a piece of art from the threat of destruction.”
“Very dramatic. What’s the other person look like?”
I shrugged. “He did apologize afterwards.” I had to laugh. “If life gets any weirder…”
He moved to the kitchen and made us tea. “I like what you’ve accomplished with the karate class. The students have that kata down. I’d like you to begin working on Heian Sandan with them.”
I accepted the cup. “Have they had any experience with this kata?”
“No, but I’ve watched you work with them. I don’t think you’ll have any problems.”
This was much more responsibility than I’d ever been given. It’s one thing to work with students that the main instructor had started but quite another for a junior master, especially one who isn’t ranked, to provide initial instruction. I went into the classroom to work through the kata myself and consider how best to present it to the students. I considered the new skills they would need to perform the kata and decided that was the best place to start.
The class went fast and the students picked up the new skills quickly. We were even able to do a first run through the kata by the end. One of the youngest girls in class, Jaden, stopped next to me and looked up. I knelt next to her so she didn’t have to strain her neck. She smiled. “I like you.” She gave me a quick hug and ran off to change.
I rose slowly. It felt odd. I’d never had a student do that before. Max was standing in the doorway of the classroom, leaning against the frame. “I knew you’d do well.”
By dinner, I was ready for a break. I realized I’d never eaten lunch. I forced myself to eat slowly. The others were all talking and laughing. Philip was sitting beside me. “You are always so quiet at dinner.”
I finished my last bite and emptied my tea cup. “When I was little, we lived with a Japanese family. Meals were always quiet because Fusan, the elder of the family, taught us that when we eat, we eat and when we talk, we talk. The two are never mixed. It disturbs the digestion.”
Marcus, who was sitting on the other side of me, looked over. “That sounds loco.” He looked at Max. “Why would that be?”
Max had a thoughtful expression. “It’s not as crazy as you might think. When we talk, we tend to swallow air. When you add air to your stomach, it can disturb the balance of the chemicals doing the digestion.”
Ryan was talking to Linda at the other end of the table. He belched and excused himself. Philip laughed. “And there is another good reason.”
Max chuckled. “Indeed.”
Philip turned his toothy grin in my direction. “You are such a good teacher, Erin. I will do my best to be a better student.”
I thought about my short conversation with Jill after school. I wouldn’t mind Philip as a boyfriend. I couldn’t help but smile. “Thank you.”
We finished evening classes and I went home. Mom was just coming across the street as I got to the door of the building. I waited for her. She had a couple of bags in her hand. I took one and carried it upstairs for her.
She pulled off her dripping raincoat and hung it over the back of a folding chair. “I keep reminding myself that rain is better than snow.”
“Is it working?”
She rubbed the back of her neck. “Not really. They’re both wet and messy.” She put the food in the fridge and changed into her pajamas. “How is school going?”
I had been keeping my hand out of sight. “It’s school.” I remembered my conference with Ms. Henning. Mom looked tired but maybe she’d drop me a few hints. I just had to figure out how to get her on the topic without her knowing. “I have a really interesting class. It’s call socio-economics. The teacher gave us a list of projects. There’s one I’d really like to do but I don’t want to get involve with it if we’re going to be moving again real soon.”
Mom sighed. “I hope not. The pay here is good and we really need to rebuild our cash reserves.” She studied the floor. “I haven’t seen anyone yet.”
It gave me an idea. “How do you know what to look for?”
She frowned. “They aren’t regular customers. They show up and then start hanging around, constantly. Often times they are waiting across a street when I get off work. And they follow me around. Then they start asking crazy questions.”
“Like what?”
She shrugged. “The last guy kept asking me over and over why I wasn’t married. One of the regulars at the diner there was a cop. He actually told the guy to get lost a couple of times but the last day…”
She was shaking. I went over and sat next to her on her cot. I put one arm around her and took her other hand in mine. “Mom, I just want to know so I can help keep a look out for them.”
She looked up at me. “You’ve never seen them, have you?”
It was a statement. I shook my head. But now I knew. They were real. “Mom. You know I can protect us. I’m not going to let anyone hurt us.”
She leaned on my shoulder. “You’re almost all grown up.” She curled her fingers around mine. I’d purposefully put my injured hand on her shoulder, out of sight. She sighed. “That last day in Omaha, the guy followed me to the laundromat. He just sat there, staring at me the entire time. He wasn’t doing any laundry. They do that. They just sit and stare at me.”
“Intimidation.” It’s a technique some martial artists used to psych out an opponent. I’d seen kids use it in school, too. I looked at her. “Will you please tell me if someone shows up?”
She nodded. “We should get some sleep.”
I had at least gotten something. I hugged her. “I love you, mom.” I went to my own cot. I laid there listening to her cry herself to sleep. I wanted to cry, too. For her. Tears just wouldn’t come. I hadn’t cried since I was twelve. We’d been in Miami for four months. I’d made a good friend, probably the last real friend I’d had. We’d left unexpectedly. I missed her and found a way to call her. She’d been angry because I’d left. It had hurt so much that I had cried. The kids in my new school didn’t understand. They teased me and I’d decided crying wasn’t worth it. And I hadn’t since.
The rain continued on Tuesday. I chose Ka Riu. He was a very dramatic dragon. The shirt was hot red, like Ka Riu. I’d done the outline in black and the highlights with the metallic gold marker. The jacket and pants were black at one time but had faded to a charcoal gray. The black outlines stood out nicely. I like Ka Riu. He was a Japanese dragon so had that classic serpent look of Oriental dragons. I’d used one of my favorite markers to add some highlights to the jacket and pants. It was called obsidian. It was black but had metallic sparkles in it. The effect was cool, especially under florescent lights like we had in school.
Tony was on the front steps, as usual, with his boys clustered around him. Rita and her bunch were hanging a little farther back today. Rita’s expression soured when she saw me. I tried to ignore all of them. As I climbed the steps, Rita came forward and blocked my path. I started to move around her but she grabbed my wrist.
I deftly twisted my arm and slipped my wrist out of her grasp. “Don’t touch me.”
She looked surprised that I had escaped her hold. She reached for me again. “You can’t steal my boyfriend from me.”
I sidestepped and got out of her way. Something in my brain clicked. Physics says gravity always wins. This was going to be bad for Rita since she was on a step higher than me. Her momentum was headed down. Somehow my brain made a series of decisions in the split second that it took for her to begin falling forward. She flailed. I ducked under her waving arms, grabbed her around her waist, turned, and planted her on the step below me. I made sure she was stable and let her go. Then started to walk away.
Rita screeched at the top of her lungs. “How dare you attack me!”
I shook my head and kept walking. Tony had the most comical grin on his face that I almost lost my composure. His expression changed. I felt the movement behind me. Tony jumped forward and grabbed Rita’s arm. “That’s not very nice, especially considering Erin just saved you from a face plant!”
I turned in time to see Rita’s other hand intersect with Tony’s face. The slap echoed across the front of the school. I had to give Tony credit. He didn’t hit her back. He let her go, spouted off some profanities, and stomped away.
David was just coming up the steps. His eyebrows arched. “Well, that’s different.”
Rita started to cry. I have no idea why. Maybe she realized that she had just blown her chances of ever having Tony ask her out. Not that I thought that was even a possibility in the first place. I shrugged and went into school.
I took a few things to the library and finished them off before the bell rang. First period went by quickly. I got most of the sketch shaded in during art. There was no sign of Kevin today. Tony showed up and leaned on the locker next to mine. His cheek was still a little pink. I ignored him. He waited until I’d closed the locker. “That was a good save.” He turned and walked away.
It was so uncharacteristic that I turned and watched him until he’d disappeared down the hall. David was at the door, also watching him. He looked at me. “Wow! She must have really slapped him hard. Maybe it bumped some of his brain cells into place.”
I went into class. David followed. He sat next to me. I turned and looked at him. “Does your father beat you?”
I watched his expression. He swallowed hard and didn’t look at me. “Why would you ask that?”
“I got the impression that he beat Tony by what you said yesterday.”
He got his homework out. He looked like he was trying to decide what to say. Mr. Craig came in and spared him.
I went to lunch and found my corner. I’d eaten about half of my lunch when I noticed Rita trying to make her way in my direction. I sighed and closed the container, put it back in my backpack, and slipped out of the cafeteria. I had Grapes of Wrath with me. I went to the library and read the day’s assignment.
Rebecca sat next to me in Soc-Ec again. She didn’t look well. “Are you okay?”
She looked over at me. “I thought about what you said about how too much aspirin isn’t good for you so I decided not to go to the nurse today. I feel sick.”
“Maybe you should go home.”
She shook her head. “I’d have to go to the nurse first and she’d try to just give me more aspirin. I’ll just deal with it.”
I looked at her a little closer. There were beads of sweat on her forehead and she was shaking. “Maybe you have the flu. You shouldn’t take aspirin for that at all. Can’t you just tell her that you don’t want any?”
Rebecca looked at me. “She’s been giving me aspirin for everything since I started going to school here in the middle of my freshman year.”
“That’s a little extreme. Did your doctor prescribe that?”
She shrugged. “I can’t remember when I went to the doctor last. Who knows.”
Ms. Green came down the row. “What’s up, girls?”
“I don’t think Rebecca is feeling well but she’s afraid to go to the nurse.”
Ms. Green looked over at Rebecca with concern. “You don’t look well. You really should go to the health room.”
“I’m just afraid that Nurse Kern is just going to make me take an aspirin and send me back to class. She always does that.”
Ms. Green looked over at me. “Why don’t you go with her, Erin? Maybe the office staff will take one look at her and just send her home.”
“Okay.” I picked up my books, just in case, and helped Rebecca to the office. She was so dizzy she could hardly walk. When I grabbed her hand to steady her, I was shocked. I’d expected it to be warm but it was cold and clammy. I looked over at her. “You are definitely not well.”
We got to the office and I handed the hall pass to the secretary. She started for the nurse. I could see the line of kids waiting. “She looks busy. Rebecca is really sick. I don’t think you want her to barf on anyone while she’s waiting. Why don’t you just call her mom?”
The secretary looked nervous. “Are you feeling nauseous?” Rebecca nodded. “Good enough for me.” She pulled up Rebecca’s file and called her mom.
I pulled her into the chair by the principal’s office so she didn’t collapse while she waited. I sat next to her. She looked over at me. “Thanks for waiting with me.”
“It’s okay. I lived in a few places that we’re talking about in class. I already know quite a bit about them.”
Her mom showed up about fifteen minutes later and looked worried when she saw Rebecca. “I’m taking you to the clinic.” Rebecca smiled weakly at me and left with her mom.
The secretary gave me a hall pass back to class. I slipped in and went back to my seat. As the class ended, Ms. Green stopped me. “Thank you for caring about Rebecca.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. “I was just worried about her. So was her mom. I hope you don’t mind that I stayed with her until her mom got there.”
“Not at all. It says a lot about your character.”
I went to Senior Lit. Tony met me at the door. “Hey, girlfriend.” He was grinning. I shook my head and pushed past him into the room. He followed and took the seat next to mine. I continued to ignore him. He sat grinning at me like a Cheshire Cat.
David came in and sat in front of me. He looked over at Tony. “Do you know how stupid you look?”
Tony scowled at him. “Mind your own business.”
Professor Linton called for our homework. He went around the room exchanging corrected papers for the ones we were turning in. He stopped at Tony’s desk. “Mr. Burns. That was a very insightful argument you made. Well done.” Tony handed him his homework.
Professor Linton turned to me. “Nice work, Ms. Dawson. I think I understand your statement concerning Jim Casy now. You’ve given me some new things to think about. I look forward to seeing more.” I handed him my paper.
He went around the classroom giving personalized comments to each student. I looked down at my paper but watched Tony out of the corner of my eye. He was reading the comments that were written on the paper. He smiled and added the paper to his folder. I couldn’t help but wonder about the startling contrasts he presented.
I managed to avoid Rita in gym class and escaped to the dojo after school. The afternoon classes went quickly. I sat between Philip and Linda at dinner. Everyone around me was talking and laughing. I ate quietly but listened to all their conversations. I finished my dinner and took my plate to the kitchen. Philip followed me. “It doesn’t offend you that others talk around you while you are eating, does it?”
I set my rinsed plate in the drying rack. “I don’t get offended.” He looked puzzled. “About anything.”
His brows went up. “Ever? Not even if people are rude or do bad things to you?”
“I can’t control other people. I can only control myself. I choose not to get offended.”
Philip watched me for a moment. “You are a very unique person.” He looked down. “When I first came to live with my foster family, their other kids were nice to me when their parents were looking but mean when they weren’t. It offended me. I know I speak different because I learned English in school. My family did not speak it at home. And they teased me because I didn’t know things that they did.”
“How long have you lived here?”
Philip started for the classroom. “About three and a half years. After my parents died, a missionary put my name in to a database and my foster family picked me. The church they belonged to helped pay the cost of bringing me to Tacoma.”
I went in and picked up a pair of bastons. “I’ve been all over the United States but I’ve never been to another country. Was it difficult to come here?”
He picked up his pair. “There was a lot of paperwork I had to fill out. It took a couple of years.”
“How old are you?”
“I’m seventeen. My parents died when I was ten.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. I took up a ready position and he did the same. We began practicing some of the patterns that we’d been working on. The others came in and began practicing, too. Max paused in the doorway and watched for a moment. “Very good. Come to the center.”
We all moved to form a circle around Max. We bowed to him and he returned the bow. Ryan held up a baston. “Max, why does Sinawali look so much like a dance?”
Max grinned. “Because it is one. When the Spaniards took over the Philippine Islands, they tried to outlaw the traditional martial arts so the native people hid them in the form of ceremonial dances.” We spent the evening learning how to put all of the patterns together. By the end of class, we were getting pretty good. Max grinned. “On Thursday, we’ll put it to music.”
Philip came up beside me. His grin was infectious. “That was so amazing!” He took my bastons and put them away. I paused at the door of the classroom to wait for him. He ran over, his arm slipping around my shoulders. He gave me a gentle squeeze. “We make a good team.”
My face warmed slightly. “Thanks. I enjoy working with you.” We parted at the locker room doors. I went in and found Linda and Amy chattering. 
Amy looked over at me. “You and Philip are really doing well. I think you have all the patterns down.”
I pulled my street clothes out and changed. “I like working with Philip. He’s nice.”
Linda looked uncertain. “It doesn’t bother you?”
I thought of what we’d been talking about in the Soc-Ec class and felt chilled. “Why would it bother me?”
Linda put her gee away. “He’s so much taller than you.”
I relaxed. “I’ve been able to compensate for that in the routines. We spent some time working on the patterns on Sunday and that helped a lot.”
Philip was in the entryway of the dojo waiting for his bus when I came out. He gave me a toothy grin and his teeth stood out in the darkness. “I was wondering if I had already missed you. Now at least I can say goodnight.”
I smiled and it felt real. All of the tension that had built up during the day with Tony faded away. “I hope you have a good day tomorrow.”
His smile broadened. He reached out and pulled me into half an embrace with one arm. “Thank you, Erin.”
The door opened behind us. Yan came out. He stopped and stared at us. His gaze focused on Philip. “What are you doing?” His voice was deep and rough.

* * *
7
I felt Philip tense. He let me go and faced Yan. “I was saying goodnight to Erin.”
The tension on Yan’s face worried me. I saw the headlights of the bus coming toward us and tugged on Philip’s arm. “Your bus is almost here. You don’t want to miss it.”
Philip looked down at me. “Thank you. I will see you tomorrow.” He ran for the bus stop. The bus rolled to a jolting stop and Philip got on.
I didn’t say anything to Yan. I just turned and walked home. I couldn’t shake the feeling of dread that had begun to crawl into the pit of my stomach.
Wednesday morning the sky tried to drown the city. Sui Riu was soaked through by the time I got to school. I was wearing Zirnitra, a Welsh dragon. This was one of the few sweatshirts I owned. Tony and his boys were tight against the building under the overhang. They were the only ones on the front steps this morning. 
Tony grinned at me and met me at the door, opening it for me. “I missed you after school yesterday.”
“I had to go to work.” I went in and Tony followed.
The halls were crowded. Everyone was gathered in smaller groups, talking and laughing. Rita and her clutch came up the stairs as I headed for the other staircase to go up to the next floor. She saw me and her face crunched up. She came up the stairs behind me. I increased my pace. I don’t like potential opponents coming up behind me. Tony huffed beside me and I realized he was still following me.
I went to my locker and pulled out a few things I needed to finish. He leaned on the locker next to mine. “Where are you headed?”
I didn’t look at him. “The library.”
He looked thoughtful. “I get it. You go to work after school so you do your homework before school. That makes sense.”
I saw Rita coming toward me and closed my locker. She looked sour. She started to advance on me. I sidestepped and got out of her way. She hit my locker, turned, and stared at me. “You can’t steel my boyfriend!”
Tony snorted. “She doesn’t have to. She has me.”
Rita looked like she’d been slapped. I slipped away and headed for the library. I found a quiet corner and finished my homework. I went back to my locker to trade out books for first period. Tony and David were in the middle of an argument. I had no idea what it was about but it looked like Tony was getting ready to take out his frustrations on David. I started for my locker. I don’t know if it was Max’s speech or the chapter I’d just read in the Grapes of Wrath but something made me turn around. I stopped just behind Tony, who had his fist raised to punch David. “Make a better choice.”
He jumped and spun around to look at me. His eyes were wide and he was struggling to breathe. “Damn! Don’t do that!”
David looked just as shocked. So did everyone around us, especially his buddies. I shrugged and went to class. A girl came and sat next to me. I couldn’t remember her name. She looked apprehensive. “Are you seriously going out with Tony Burns?”
“I’m not going out with anyone.”
“He thinks you are.”
“I can’t help what he thinks.” Mr. Yenny came in. I opened my textbook and pulled out my finished assignment.
She dropped her voice. “Rita thinks so, too.”
“I can’t help what she thinks, either.” I handed in my assignment.
Art class was quiet for a change, mostly because the rain was pounding so hard on the windows no one could compete with it. I started putting in the fine details to the picture. Ms. Gilbert paused to watch. She looked between the image and the still life a few times. “I like the balance in your composition.”
The dragon was far more visible in this drawing than the previous one. He looked like he was crouched on the vase with his head peering out through the dried flower arrangement. It wasn’t obvious unless you really looked at it.
There was no sign of Kevin again but Tony was waiting at my locker. Literally. He was leaning on it. A couple of his boys were down the hall, watching. I stopped in front of him. “Excuse me. I need to get my books for class.”
He didn’t say anything but moved to the side with his back to the boys. I got my books and headed for math class. He followed me to the door. “See you at lunch.”
I shook my head and went to my seat. David came in a moment later. He sat down across from me and stared. “Are you seriously going to go out with my cousin?”
I looked at him. “Why does everyone assume this?”
He had an odd look on his face. “He walked you to class.”
“He followed me to class. There’s a difference. I can’t control his actions. I can only control mine. I have no intention of going out with him.”
David looked relieved. “Are you going out with someone else?”
I was spared from dealing with that answer by the entrance of Mr. Craig. “Homework forward. Please close your books and face the front.” He passed out papers. A few of the students groaned. I accepted the test and waited for instructions. “Please remember to write your name and date on the top. If I don’t have a test with your name on it, you will not get a grade. You may begin.”
I finished the test and reviewed my answers. Then I sat quietly. Others had also finished. They fidgeted in their desks. Maybe it’s a learned behavior from sitting zazen in the dojo. I appreciate stillness. Mr. Craig finally called an end and collected the tests.
David looked over at me. “How do you think you did?”
“I finished the test.” I don’t look back at things once they are done. I focus on what’s going on around me at the moment. Mr. Craig launched into the next topic – statistics. He was using an example of population growth in the Seattle-Tacoma area. I found the topic interesting.
Tony was waiting at my locker again after math class. “Isn’t that class boring?”
“No.”
He stepped to the side so I could get into my locker. I decided to grab my Soc-Ec book so I wouldn’t have to go through this after lunch. He followed me to the cafeteria. He got his lunch and sat across from me. I wondered how long I was going to have to put up with this.
He watched me eat. “What is that?”
I ignored him and finished my lunch. He finished before I did. He crossed his arms on the table in front of him, rested his chin on them, and stared at me with a sad puppy expression. I put the container in my backpack. I looked at him. “Why me?”
He looked surprised. “Because you’re different.” He pointed at my shirt. “You’re a Dragon Lady.”
I panned across the room. Numerous people were watching us. Some looked surprised, Tony’s boys looked curious, David looked worried, and Rita looked annoyed. I studied Tony, wondering how to solve his puzzle without encouraging him. “Why don’t you like Rita?”
He half laughed. “The only thing in her head is her ego.”
I couldn’t argue with that. I kept looking at him. “Why do you think I would go out with you?”
He pouted. “I’m cute and funny?”
I shook my head and stood up. “You and Rita have a lot in common.” His face fell. I left the lunch room. 
He caught up and was about to say something when David came up to him. “Why are you following her around like that? Can’t you see what’s obvious? She’s smart. She doesn’t want anything to do with you.”
Tony growled and spun around, arm cocked. “Why you…”
I turned and pushed down on his fist. His momentum caused him to spin. I kept him from face-planting into a locker. He looked startled. I turned to David. “You are smart when it comes to classes but you’re lost when it comes to life. Get smart in that category. Don’t instigate.”
David’s brow creased. “I was just trying to help you.”
“I don’t need your help.” I looked at Tony. “Leave him alone.” I walked away. I turned the corner and looked back. Tony and David were whispering to each other. David looked concerned. “What are you doing?”
“They guys are watching me. What am I supposed to do? It’s not like it’s an issue.”
“You’re going to get in trouble.”
“Nothing is going to happen.” A couple of the boys came down the hall. Tony scowled and raised his voice. “You’re lucky I promised her I wouldn’t pound you!” He swung around and went off with the guys.
I went to my next class. Rebecca wasn’t there. I sat alone in my corner, trying to figure out what was going on with Tony and David. Ms. Green came in and called the class to order. She continued the lecture about the rift that still existed in the south between the people of different colors that she had started yesterday. I wondered how people felt about that here. I hadn’t noticed any mixed couples in school. It made me think about Philip. I had no idea if he had a girlfriend or if he’d even consider me a candidate because he was very dark-skinned and I was very pale. I remembered his arm around me the night before. Could he be interested in me?
Tony was waiting for me by the class room door and fell into step beside me as I went to my locker. He leaned against the one next to mine. “Is that sad face because of me?”
The question startled me. “Why do you think I look sad?”
He shrugged. “You always look serious but right now you just look sad.”
I closed my locker and noticed that he already had his books for Senior Lit. It was the only books I’d ever seen him with. He followed me to class and sat beside me. David came in and frowned. He sat in front of me but didn’t say anything. Tony sat watching me.
I tried to decide if I was actually sad. “How do you feel when you read the Grapes of Wrath?”
David turned around and looked at us. Tony picked up the book and flipped the pages with his thumb. “Angry. It’s not fair, all the bad things that happen to that family.”
Professor Linton was watching us but I don’t think David or Tony noticed. “Do you know why I like Tom? In chapter eight when his Ma is worried that he’s gone mad in prison, Tom says he just let’s stuff run off of him. I understand that. I don’t get angry or sad. I don’t let things offend me.”
David looked down. “How do you do that?”
I looked up at Professor Linton. He looked thoughtful. He glanced around the class. “Let’s talk about the two main characters that we’ve met so far – Tom Joad and Jim Casy.” By the end of class, I liked Casy even less.
Tony followed me out of the room and back up to my locker. He waited while I put my books away and walked with me to the gym. “Do you have to go to work after school again?”
“Yes.” I moved toward the locker room. 
“Be safe.”
I turned and looked back but he was already gone. There had been a different quality to his voice. I tried to dismiss it but it haunted me. I forced myself to pay attention and managed to steer clear of Rita. I was relieved to escape school.
The rain was coming down so hard that it felt like something pressing me into the ground. I was drenched within just two blocks. Max looked up as I shed my coat and shoes. I looked at the dripping mess. “I really don’t want to bring all this water into the dojo.”
Max laughed. “I appreciate your concern but I doubt the other students with even consider it. It’s all right. I’m used to it. I just mop up at the end of the night.”
I carried it as carefully as I could and went to change. Philip was just coming in as I left the locker room. He was dripping wet, too. I considered the chill. “I’m going to make some tea. Would you like a cup?”
He smiled broadly. “You are too kind. Yes, please. I’ll be out in a moment.” He ducked into the men’s side.
I went into the kitchen and pulled out a couple of cups. I picked out the tea he seemed to prefer and found the one I liked. By the time he came into the kitchen, the tea had steeped and was ready to drink. I watched him sip the tea. He smiled. I felt better. “Did I get it right?”
He laughed. “You’re hired!”
My cheeks felt warm. Maybe it was the tea. Amy and Steven came into the kitchen. I got out of the way so they could make tea. Two of the afternoon classes were continuations of Monday. These were three-a-week classes. The last afternoon class was a two-a-week class. I had worked with different kids in this slot the past Wednesday and Friday. Today, Max assigned me to a group of six different students. They were all girls about my age. They looked uncomfortable and I wondered if it was because of the lack of age difference.
Max came into the classroom and bowed. We all bowed back. He came to the front of the classroom. “This is Erin Dawson. She is our newest junior master here at Inyo Dojo. I have asked her to take over this class because I think you will be more comfortable working with a woman who is close to your age. I know some of you think that self-defense is about being stronger or bigger than your attacker. That is not the case.”
I had been watching Max, hoping for some clue of what I was supposed to be teaching. I saw his intent. I blocked his grab, got him off center, and knocked him down. I didn’t even think about it.
Max looked up at me from the mat. “Thank you.” I helped him up and turned back to the class. They looked surprised. “I didn’t warn Erin ahead of time that I was going to do that.”
One of the girls raised her hand. “What movement was that?”
Max looked at me. I honestly didn’t know what techniques I had used. I looked at the girls. “When you are in a self-defense situation, you don’t think about moves. You use principles of balance. Your goal is to remain in balance while unbalancing your opponent. It’s physics. The first step is to prevent your attacker from getting a hold of you.” Max grabbed for my arm. I went with his movement and swung it around. “This just put him out of balance.” I grabbed Max’s wrist and pulled him forward. He landed at my feet. “If you’re worried that the attacker is going to get up and chase you, give him something else to think about.” I touched my tow to Max’s shoulder, knee, and hip.
The girls giggled. Max sat up. “Erin is absolutely right. As a young woman, it is more likely that a potential attacker is going to be male. A kick in the balls makes it hard for a man to think about anything else.”
I helped him to his feet. We bowed to each other and he left me to teach the class. It didn’t take me long to understand why he’d given these girls to me. They had all been very shy with Max in the room. By the end of class, I had gotten to know them well enough for them to trust me. They were all victims of attacks.
Amy sat on one side of me at dinner. Philip was in his usual place on my other side. Amy was strangely quiet. After I had finished eating, I turned and looked at her. She was staring at her empty plate. “Are you okay?”
She didn’t look up. “I lost it today in school. My parents are going to freak when they find out.” Her voice was very soft. She looked over at me. “That’s the whole reason I started training at the dojo. My father thought it would teach me control.”
“What happened?”
She sighed and leaned back in her chair. “There’s this guy at school. He’s really annoying. He picks on everybody. He’s big and everyone is afraid of him, even the teachers. He grabbed one of my friends so I broke his hold. And then he turned on me.” She looked ready to cry. “I saw him coming and smashed him in the face.”
Others around us had turned to listen. Steven was sitting on the other side of her. “That sounds like self-defense to me.”
I bit my lip and glanced at Max. He looked concerned. I looked back at Amy. She was watching me. “What would you have done?”
I reached out and took Amy’s clenched fist. “You can’t change what has already happened but consider another option in the future. When anger rushes at you, get out of the way.”
She nodded and squeezed my hand. “Thanks.”
Steven hugged her. “Did you get in trouble at school?”
“Not yet. It was the end of the day. There weren’t any teachers around. But I’m sure they will have heard about it by tomorrow. The kids were all talking about it.”
Steven kept his arms around her shoulders. “Considering the situation, even in the light that there might have been a better solution, I still think self-defense was warranted. It’s not like you had time to think about it.”
I considered it. “Were there other kids around you?”
“A bunch.”
“There is a chance that another student could have been hurt if you hadn’t stopped his motion. Every situation is unique. The circumstances may have called for force. I think what’s more important, though, is that you take responsibility for the choice you made. Don’t wait to be called to the office. Go to the office and explain what happened.”
Amy looked uncertain. “I kind of have this record at school. I used to get in trouble a lot.”
“I don’t think this is the same thing. And maybe it will show that you’re more responsible now.”
Max got up and came over. “Amy, if you’re really worried, I’ll talk to your dad when he comes to pick you up. We’ll explain it to him together.”
Her bottom lip trembled a little. “Thanks, Max.”
I looked at the clock. The students for evening classes would be coming in any moment. I took Amy’s plate. “I’ll take care of this. Take a moment to breathe.” I went into the kitchen.
Philip followed me. “You are very special.” He took the plates and set them on the counter. He hugged me.
I rested my head on his shoulder for a moment. “Thank you.” I gently pulled away and washed the dishes. The feeling of his touch lingered. I’d never felt anything like that before and it confused me.
Evening classes went by quickly. Robert was in my last evening class. After it ended, I pulled him aside. “How is your sister? She wasn’t in school today.”
“She’s really sick. Mom took her to the doctor and he sent her to the hospital.”
My chest felt tight. “I hope she gets better.”
“I’ll tell her that. Thanks, Miss Erin.” He went to change.
Philip came in the classroom. “What’s wrong?”
“Robert’s sister goes to my school. She got really sick in class the other day and he said she ended up in the hospital.”
“That’s terrible.” He put his arm around me and gave me a hug. “You have a kind heart. I see it in the way you treat others. You care.”
I’d had a few adults say things like that to me before but never anyone my own age. It was different, especially since it was coming from Philip.
Amy and Max headed for the front of the dojo. They met a man who I assumed must be Amy’s father. Philip and I paused at the corner and watched. Amy explained things to her father. He looked upset at first but Max said something to him and he relaxed. He gave Amy a hug and they walked out together.
Philip sighed and pulled me toward the kitchen. “Max is special, too. He is why I kept coming back.” He chuckled. “When I first came to America and saw television movies about martial arts, I thought it looked cool so that was why I started to come to class. But Max taught me that it’s not about being cool. It’s about being in control of ourselves. And so I have continued.”
I looked at Philip and smiled. “You’re special, too.”
His smile broadened into a toothy grin. “You should do that more often. That smile looks beautiful on you.”
My cheeks felt warm but there was no tea to blame for it this time. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He let me go and I went into change.
When I came out, Yan was talking to Philip. I hung back, not wanting to interrupt. Yan shook his head. “I’m just saying, you’ve got to be careful. Isn’t it like that in South Africa?”
Philip sighed. “It is even worse there than it is here.” His voice sounded heavy. “A man could get killed just for looking.”
“And there are places here where it’s like that.” Yan put his duffle bag over his shoulder. “I just don’t want to see you get hurt. I’ll see you at school tomorrow.” Yan waved and went outside.
I backed away and went into the kitchen. I was trembling. I didn’t want anything bad to happen to Philip because of me. I’d seen that happen in other places. Ms. Green had talked about it in Soc-Ec class.
Max came out of his office and stopped. “Erin?”
I was afraid to look at him. Max is one of those people who can read right through you. I studied my cup of tea. “Why is our world such a messed up place?”
He leaned against the counter. “If you ever figure out an answer to that question, be sure to let the rest of us know.”
I glanced at him. He was grinning. I hurt too much. I went back to studying my tea. I had never even thought about a guy before and now, before I really got started, there was this wall between us because his skin was a different color.
Philip came in. “There you are.” He paused. “Are you okay?”
I got myself under control and held up my cup of tea. “I just feel dehydrated tonight and with the chilly rain, I figured a cup of tea was a good solution.”
He grinned. “Well, have a good night. I have to go catch my bus.”
Max and I both said goodnight to him. Max looked at me. He waited until the front door chime rang. “Do you want to talk about it?”
I sipped at the tea. “I could help you mop floors.”
He shook his head. “Erin, what happened?”
I wasn’t sure how to explain things. This wasn’t something I’d even spent time thinking about and I’d never talked about relationships with anyone. “I don’t know how to explain it.”
Max frowned. “Were you bothered by Philip’s attention?”
“No.” I looked at my reflection in the tea. “I’ve never really had anyone pay attention to me like that.” Except for Tony, but that was different.
“Did it make you uncomfortable?”
I looked up at Max. “It made someone else uncomfortable.”
He looked confused. “Why?”
“I think because I’m white and Philip isn’t. I don’t want Philip to get hurt because of me. I guess that’s an issue in the school he goes to.”
Max closed his eyes and sighed. “Now I understand your question. I still have no answer for it.” He poured a cup of hot water and put in tea to steep. “You’ve met my wife, Susan. When we first started dating, there were others, some on my side and some on hers, who made certain comments because she was an American and I was an Italian. I had come to America when I was fifteen with my family. My English was passable but I didn’t understand many of the phrases that are so common, especially among young people. We had our own version of Westside Story.”
“Modern day Romeo and Juliet. But it seems to have worked out. You’re both still alive.”
Max chuckled. “Yes, we are, and we have two wonderful children and three grandchildren. And we still love each other very much. I think we are very fortunate.”
“You’re lucky.” I thought about my mom. “I’ve often wondered about my dad. My mom never talks about him.”
“Is that who she’s running from?”
“I don’t know.” I thought about what I had discovered. “But I know she’s not crazy. There really is someone following us. And I found out they’re using my school records to do it.”
Max gasped. “What?” I told him what’s I’d learned from Ms. Henning. “Erin, this is serious. Has your mother gone to the police?”
I chewed on my lower lip. “She didn’t say but from what she told me, I’m betting the police wouldn’t take it seriously. It’s never the same person but they are out to intimidate her. They stare at her, follow her around, nothing illegal, just annoying. What I don’t understand is why.”
Max stirred his tea slowly. “Have you ever seen these people?”
I really thought about it. “Not directly but someone is getting into my school files. And they lied to the school counselor in Omaha so they aren’t legitimate.”
Max nodded. He looked at me. “Have other people suggested to you that your mother was crazy?”
I finished my tea and washed the cup. “She’s not.” I turned and looked at him. “My mom has been trying to protect me from something since I was six years old. And there have been times when I’ve known someone was following us.”
“Erin, I apologize if I offended you. My question wasn’t intended that way. I was thinking more that maybe that was the purpose of whoever is sending these people to follow your mother.”
It sunk in. “Someone is purposefully trying to make my mother crazy?”
“Or perhaps trying to make others believe that she is.”
I wrapped my arms around my trembling body. “I don’t know what to do. I couldn’t tell her. I hate seeing her upset. The last thing I want to do is make her nervous. I’m afraid she’ll want to leave.”
Max came over and put his hands on my shoulders. “Just breathe.”
I fought to pull my bubble of stillness around myself. I focused on the air moving through my lungs. Max let me go. I struggled to keep my balance without his calm support. I looked at him. “What do you think I should do?”
“I think you need to talk to your mother. She needs to understand how much her decisions are impacting you.”
I picked up my pack and moved to the door. The sound of the pounding rain drummed on the roof of the overhang. It looked like a crystal wall stood between me and the nearest streetlight.
Max had followed me to the door. He frowned. “Erin, please let me give you a ride. The way it’s coming down, you’ll drown before you get home.” I gratefully accepted his offer. He stopped in front of our building. “If there is any way that I can help you and your mother, please don’t hesitate to ask.”
“Thank you, Max.” I got out and dashed the short distance to the door. I watched him drive away and then went up the stairs.
Mom was already home. She looked damp but I could smell the scent of her shampoo. She’d taken a shower. She was sitting at the table counting money. She looked up at me. “I can’t believe how much I made in tips today. Between this and my pay check, we’re looking pretty good. I’m going to divide the funds into the stashes.” She handed some to me. “Add this to your envelope.”
I pulled out my backpack and opened the front pocket. I pushed my gee aside and felt for the thin opening at the bottom of the pocket. I pulled out the envelope. “I still have twenty dollars in here.”
“That’s good. I’d like to get all of the stashes back up to two hundred again, just to be safe. I don’t like getting this close to nothing. There’s only fifty in the car stash right now.”
I added the two tens to my envelope and replaced it. We’d been keeping our funds like that ever since we’d lost almost everything in a frightening mad dash a few years back. I sat down on the other folding chair and tried to steady my nerves. “Mom, there’s something we need to talk about.”
I watched the expression on her face. She put everything down and looked at me. Her gaze was intense. I let her study me for a moment. Her gaze fell on my hand. The bruise had mostly faded but it was still there. Her face wrinkled. “Erin, what happened to your hand?”
I sighed. “My hand collided with someone else’s in the hallway at school. He apologized.” I didn’t want her to turn the topic before I even got started. “This is a good place. You like your job, I like the dojo, and I’ve got good teachers.” At least that was true. “I really want to stay here.”
She took my hand gently in hers. “Even with things like this going on in school?”
“I’m managing. I’ve even made a couple of friends.” I could see the little wrinkles forming at the edges of her eyes. “How can I help you feel safe here?”
She stood up and pulled me into her arms. “Oh, Erin. I don’t know.” She pulled back enough to look at me. “What will we do if they find us again?”
“You’ll tell me who they are and I’ll deal with them.”
Her face creased with concern. “How?”
“I want to know what they want from us and why they are harassing you. I want to look one in the face and ask him directly.”
Mom shook her head. “And what if they grab you?”
“I don’t think they could.”
She hugged me tightly. “I’m not going to let anyone hurt you.”
I could feel her trembling. I held her. “I won’t let them.”
She let me go. “I need to get this money put away. Why don’t you get ready for bed?”
I felt defeated. I still hadn’t told her about someone trying to get into my files. I put my backpack under my cot and pulled out my sweats. I took a shower. By the time I was finished, she was in her bed. 
She looked over at me. “We’ll manage. We always do.” She turned out the light.
Thursday was like a bad rerun of Wednesday. The downpour continued. Tony followed me around from the time I got to school, in between all my classes, at lunch, and even after school. He caught up with me at the front door as I was pulling on my rain coat. I struggled with it.
Tony reached over and helped me pull it on. “Let me help you with that.”
I headed out the door. He followed. I looked back at him. “I have to go to work.”
He stopped and stood in the pouring rain. The expression on his face was too much. I went back and pushed him out of the downpour into the shelter of a building overhang. He looked startled. “Erin, I…”
Movement not far from us caught my attention. I pushed him back farther under the overhang. His eyes went wide. I leaned close and dropped my voice. “Don’t say another word.”

* * *
8
Tony’s eyes had gone wide. I pointed back the way we had come. He moved to the edge of the building. A couple of boys were looking in our direction. He groaned, leaned back against the wall, and closed his eyes. “Oh, give me a break. I swear, they follow me around like lost souls.”
I risked another glance at the boys. They were moving cautiously toward us. I looked around. There was a deep entryway by a shop. It made a corner next to the window. I pulled Tony toward it. We ducked into the space as the boys came around the corner. They stopped where we had been just moments before. They were obviously watching us.
I sighed and leaned closer to Tony. He looked surprised. I put my hands on his shoulders and dropped my voice. “I get it. You’re showing off for the guys. It’s a top dog thing. You want to look cool. Fine. You don’t want Rita hanging on you. I get that. But let’s get one thing straight. I’ll let you follow me around at school like a love sick puppy if that’s what you feel you need to do but that’s where it ends. Do you get what I’m saying? I have to go to work. You will not follow me.”
He nodded. “Can I talk now?”
I looked at my watch. “Two minutes and then I have to run.”
I could see the boys creeping around to get a better look. So did Tony. He put his hands on my arms. “Please don’t hit me.” He took a shaky breath. “I’m sorry if I’m annoying you. I don’t know how to explain it.”
The tone of his voice had changed. I could hear the difference. It had lost some of the slur that he used around the guys. I leaned closer and his hands slid around my back. He seemed even more surprised. I looked up at him. “If you don’t want to trust me and tell me what’s really going on, that’s fine.” His eyes went wide and he struggled to breathe. “I’ve been through my own hell.”
He hugged me. “Please tell me I haven’t hurt you.” His voice was full of emotion.
I hugged him back. “You haven’t.” I let him go. He looked ready to cry. “I have to go to work. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I pulled away from him and hurried down the street. I glanced back as I turned the corner. The boys had joined him. Tony’s body looked droopy. I ran the rest of the way to the dojo. I don’t know what I was feeling. Confusion mostly.
Steven met me at the door and held it open for me. “Man, fish could do the town in this weather.”
I did my best to leave as much outside as I could. “It is definitely wet.”
Max came from the back. “Well, should we build a boat?”
Steven started to laugh. “Only if we don’t plan on packing it with animals.”
Max grinned. “Susan is making dinner for us tonight. She said it was a surprise.”
I tried to smile. “Then you just spoiled it.”
He shook his head. “No. She always brings dinner on Thursdays. I just don’t know what it is tonight. That’s why it’s a surprise.” He seemed to be in a good mood.
I didn’t want to spoil it. “I’m going to go change and get out of these wet clothes.” I headed for the locker room. Amy and Linda came in a few minutes later. I managed to smile at Amy. “Well, how did it go?”
She grinned. “You were right. I went in this morning and explained what happened to the principal. He thanked me for being honest and for standing up for a fellow student. So I didn’t get in trouble.” Linda looked confused. Amy explained it to her as we got ourselves ready for class.
Afternoon classes went okay. I had a couple of boys in my last afternoon class that just couldn’t stay focused. I considered how to deal with them. I whispered a direction that the rest of the class heard. I shouted, “Kia!”
All the other students dropped to the mat. The two boys stood shaking, glancing around. They looked at me with wide eyes. I bowed to the class and clapped my hands. “Now, here is the lesson. When you are focused, unexpected events will not surprise you. Let’s continue.”
After class, Max stopped me in the hall. “An interesting tactic. It seems to have worked.”
“We’ll see how long it lasts.”
Philip sat next to me at dinner. I hadn’t had time to really talk to him during the afternoon session. I had students asking questions between the first two sets and parents asking questions between the last two. He seemed unusually quiet.
Susan had made the most amazing dinner. There were long rice noodles with vegetables, kebobs of barbecued chicken pieces, and the most amazing miso soup. After I’d finished, I turned and looked at him. “How has your day been so far?”
“It has been very long.” His voice sounded tired. It didn’t have the usual happiness to it. 
Something in me felt wrong. Was I the cause? I didn’t know how to ask. “Are you done? We could go get a little extra practice in.”
“Sounds good.” We washed and put up our plates. We went into the classroom. He handed me a pair of bastons and took a pair for himself. He had an odd look on his face. “Does it bother you to be my partner?”
I was caught off guard by the question. It took me a moment to process it. “Why would you ask that? Does it bother you?”
“No.” He smoothed down a piece of the wrapping on the stick. “It’s just, I am…” He looked up at me. “Black.”
I could see the tension in his body. “I don’t care. Does it bother you that I’m not?”
He looked down. “There are some people who think that it is wrong for a black man to be with a white woman.” His voice was very quiet.
I moved right in front of him and looked up into his face. He was much taller than I was. With his head down, we were almost nose to nose. “There are things we can’t choose in life. We can’t choose when or where we are born or who are parents are. But we can choose to move past old ideas and form new ones. I’m honored to call you my friend and I will stand by you. I don’t care what other people think or say.”
He looked down at me. “You are special.” His soft voice touched a place in me that had never been touched before.
I could hear the others coming. I didn’t want to embarrass him. “Thank you.” I sighed and glanced toward the door. “Sounds like everyone else is coming. Where do you want to start?”
He swallowed hard and took a step back, drawing the bastons into ready position. “First set.” His voice shook. I matched his pose and we began the pattern.
Max put on some music that sounded like a mariachi band playing a really fast waltz. It worked perfectly for the three beat patterns of Sinawali. By the end of the night, we had worked out the most amazing performance. Susan stayed and watched the entire practice. She came up afterwards. “That is absolutely beautiful. People are going to love it.”
I changed and found Philip waiting for me. He handed me a cup of tea. “It’s my turn to serve you tea.” I smiled and took the cup. I sipped the hot tea. He was waiting. “Well, how did I do?”
I laughed. “It’s perfect. Thank you.”
He gave me one of his big toothy smiles and drank his own tea. “I wish it was not a school night but I have to go catch my bus.”
I washed my cup and put in on the rack. “I have to get home, too, or my mom will worry. But I live only a few blocks away. How long does it take you to get home?”
“It’s about twenty minutes on the bus and then a couple of blocks. It’s not bad.”
I pulled on my raincoat. “Except on nights like this.” 
We walked out the door together. Philip paused in the doorway and turned to me. “Erin, would you be upset with me if I kissed you?”
I felt odd. “I don’t think so. I’ve never been kissed before.”
He looked surprised. “Never? I would think such a beautiful woman as you would have been kissed many times.” He put his arm around me.
I looked up at him. “There’s never been anyone I wanted to kiss before.”
He leaned down. His lips touched mine. I felt lightheaded and was glad his arm was around me. His lips moved against mine. I became warm in a whole new way. His mouth moved down to my ear. “I will teach you how to kiss.” He kissed my neck and slowly pulled away.
I felt awkward. He obviously knew what he was doing. I could see the bus coming. “I know you have to go. Have a good day tomorrow.”
He glanced at the bus. “You, too.” He ran for the stop. I was afraid the bus driver wasn’t going to see him in the rain. But the bus stopped, he got on, and it drove away.
I walked home, ignoring the pelting rain. The memory of the touch of his lips was so powerful. I suddenly understood the couples I’d seen in the halls of every high school I had attended. It was as though he’d awakened something in me that I had never known existed.
I was soaked through by the time I got home. Mom took one look at me and insisted I take a hot shower. I sat on my cot brushing my hair. I couldn’t stop thinking about Philip.
Mom sat down on her cot at looked at me. “Erin, are you okay?”
It was like reality hit me – hard. I looked over at the concern on my mom’s face. How long would we be here? What was I thinking? If I got involved with Philip, I would just end up hurting him when my mom pulled us away in our next mad dash. “I’m okay.” I could hear the shake in my own voice.
Mom studied her hands. “Okay.” She sighed. Her eyes met mine. There was a glassy sheen to hers. “Is it something at school?”
I closed my eyes. “Mom, it’s high school.”
She laughed. I looked over at her. A tear rolled down her cheek. “I’m sorry. This can’t be easy for you. I keep dragging you all over the place.”
Had our conversation last night gotten through to her? I dropped my brush and moved to her side. I hugged her. “It’s okay, mom. You’re trying to protect us. I understand that.” I wiped the tear away. “I just wish I understood who was chasing us and why. Aren’t I old enough to at least know that much?”
She clung to me. “It’s not your fault.”
That chilled me. When people say that, you know you’re somehow part of the equation. All kinds of things started going through my mind. I focused on breathing and got my heart to slow down. “Mom?”
She pulled away. Her hand pulled a loose strand of my damp hair out of my face. “This isn’t fair to you. I keep hoping that I’ll get lucky and get to a place they can’t find us.”
“Who? Who is looking for us? Is it my dad?”
Her face seemed to crumple. She buried her hands in her face and began to cry. I didn’t know what to do. I held her and rocked her like she’d done for me when I was little. She finally quieted and laid down on her cot. I pulled the blanket over her and went to my own cot. I braided my hair and turned off the light.
Friday morning was gray with heavy fog but at least there was a break from the rain. The fog was thick and smelled like the city. Mom had still been asleep when I left the apartment. I got to school early. I had several assignments I wanted to finish. 
Tony was already there with a couple of his boys. They saw me before he did and started in on him. He frowned. “Don’t you be saying things like that about my girl.”
One of the boys laughed. “As if! She’s never going to be your girl. She’s too smart.”
The other guys laughed. Tony moved away from them and met me at the door. “Allow me.” He opened it for me.
I had pretty much promised him the day before that I’d play along. Whatever. I smiled. “Thank you.”
Tony looked back at the boys with a look of accomplishment then followed me inside. He tailed me to my locker and leaned on the one next to it. “Let me guess. Homework in the library.”
I pulled out the books. “That’s how it works when you have a job.”
He didn’t say anything, just stood there watching me get things organized for the day. He walked me to the library but paused at the door. He looked around. “Thanks, Erin.” He turned and walked down the hall.
I went in and found a quiet corner. I had to force myself to focus on the assignments. There were so many things rolling around in my brain. All the stuff with my mom, Philip, and Tony. The Soc-Ec paper turned into a scary parody of my own feelings about racial issues.
The bell rang and startled me. I pulled all my books together and headed for my locker. Tony joined me on the stairs and caught another student who’d been pushed. The kid probably wouldn’t have run into me but it could have been a bad fall. “Tony scowled at the pusher. “Watch it, pal! My girl is not part of your pinball game!”
I wasn’t sure who looked more scared, the kid he saved or the one who pushed him. I didn’t say anything until we’d gotten to my locker. “That was a nice save.”
He grinned. “Thank you.” He looked around. “Well, look who’s back.”
I glanced in the direction he was pointing. Kevin was at his locker. He looked over at Tony. His face was drawn. He grabbed his books, shut his locker, and started down the hall.
Tony grinned and pushed off the locker in his direction. I shut my locker and slipped my arm around his waist. “How about walking me to class?”
He turned back and stared at me. A lot of the others in the hallway did, too, including Kevin. Tony glanced at Kevin then back at me. “As my Dragon Lady requests.” He put his arm around my shoulder and we walked down the hall. Other kids actually got out of the way. 
We got to the science wing. David was hurrying down the hall toward a different classroom. He stopped and stared. “What are you doing?”
Tony scowled at him. “As if it’s any of your business. I’m walking my girlfriend to class.”
The expression on David’s face was a mixture of fear and concern. He looked at me. “Are you okay?”
Tony pulled me away. “I don’t want my lady to be late for class.” He looked back over his shoulder. “Aren’t you supposed to be somewhere?”
Trying to figure out Tony and David was like working a thousand piece jigsaw puzzle without having a picture or even an idea of what it was supposed to be. We stopped at the classroom door. “Don’t you have to be in class?”
He grinned. “I’ll get there, eventually. I always walk in late. It’s part of my image.”
I shook my head. “Don’t bother Kevin. Okay?”
“Was he carrying something again?”
“Didn’t you see the look on his face? Something is wrong. Give him a break.”
He hugged me. “Yes, ma’am.” He winked. “See you after class.”
I took my seat. Several of the other kids looked at me in amazement. I wondered what they must be thinking. Mr. Yenny came in as the bell rang. I turned in my homework and we got into the lesson on Global Position Satellites.
Tony caught up with me in the hallway after class. He stood beside my locker while I dropped my books inside then followed me to art class. He peered around the corner into the room. “What is this, a class on flower arranging?”
I had to laugh. “Those are still lifes. We have to draw them from different angles. It’s part of a mural project for Senior Portfolio.”
He traced part of the design on the sleeve of my jacket. “I bet you’re a really good artist.” His soft tone caught me off guard.
The bell rang. “I have to get my art board. Have a good second period.” I went into the class room. I had no clue what classes Tony was taking, other than Senior Lit.
One of the other girls sitting at my table looked at me as I sat down. “How did you manage to snag Tony Burns? From what I hear, he’s hot. Rita has been after him since day one and he won’t give her anything.”
I didn’t even know her name. I’d been in class with her for two weeks now – sat at the same table with her – but I didn’t know who she was. As I began finishing the fine details and doing the highlights, I realized that had been the case a lot. I never bothered to know who the other students around me were because I knew I wouldn’t be there very long.
Ms. Gilbert stopped beside me. “He looks sad.”
I looked at the dragon in the picture. He did look sad. Like he didn’t really want to be there. I looked at the whole composition. “They’re cut flowers. They’re dead. They have been deprived of their potential.” I have no idea where that came from. It just came out.
Ms. Gilbert put her hand on my shoulder. “You have a great deal of potential.” Her voice was very quiet. She cleared her throat. “I think it’s a very powerful image. It goes well with the first one.”
I finished it and sprayed it. I was just washing my hands as the bell rang. I headed for my locker. Kevin was ahead of me in the hallway. Tony was waiting at my locker. Kevin stopped when he saw him. Tony didn’t move.
I walked around Kevin and stopped in front of Tony. I looked back at Kevin. “He’s not going to do anything to you. I made him promise.”
Kevin looked unsure but walked around us and went to his own locker. Several of Tony’s boys were on the other side of the hallway. They were watching. He took my hand and held it to his chest. “Whatever my Dragon Lady asks.”
I felt uncomfortable. His hand around mine was having an odd effect. It confused me. I slowly pulled it away and got the books from my locker. Tony looked concerned.
David was standing at the classroom door. He looked angry. I got this really bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. That’s the thing. When you don’t really connect with the people around you, you’re kind of like a ghost just passing through the crowd. You see things and hear things. Sometimes you learn things that shock you until you discover that it’s not unique at all it’s just nobody wants to talk about it. I was starting to wonder if David was jealous of me.
We walked over to the classroom. Tony grinned at me. “I’ll see you at lunch.”
David’s face contorted. I saw the intent. Too many years of training. My instincts took over. I caught his fist and redirected the blow. “Stop.”
The world seemed to stand still. Everyone focused on us. There were a lot of amazed stares. David and Tony both looked shocked. Mr. Craig, who’d been seated at his desk, rushed forward. He looked pale. “Mr. Jenson! Did you just attempt to hit this young lady?”
David was staring at me. “I…” He looked at Tony who shrugged then back at me. “Not really.”
The bell rang. Mr. Craig looked at Tony. “I don’t believe you’re in this class, Mr. Burns.”
Tony looked at me. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. You should go to class.” Tony gave a final look at David and walked away. I turned to Mr. Craig. “Sir, I think it was more of a misunderstanding. He wasn’t aiming for me.”
Mr. Craig didn’t look convinced. “Regardless, that is unacceptable behavior.” He pulled out a hall pass and scribbled on it, ripped it off, and handed it to David. “You will take this to the office immediately.” David took the note. He glanced at me then pushed passed and headed down the hall.
I went to my seat. Everyone was staring at me – again. I was starting to regret my promise to Tony. I pulled my jacket tighter around me. I was wearing Brinsop. It felt like David was Saint George at that moment. He came back to class near the end of the period. He didn’t look at me, just took his seat.
The bell rang and I escaped the classroom. I went to my locker. Kiyana was at hers. She looked over at me. “Wow. You’ve only been here, what, two weeks? And you’re the talk of the school. I think that’s some kind of record.”
I didn’t say anything. I pulled my book for Soc-Ec and Grapes of Wrath, shoved them in my backpack, and shut my locker. I headed for the lunch room. The cafeteria was already crowded. Tony was seated in the corner with a tray of something that might be food. He smiled at me and motioned to the space at the end of the table. “I saved your spot for you.”
I sat down and pulled out my lunch. I ate quietly. Tony’s buddies showed up and created a living wall around us. They were all laughing and exchanging gossip. One of them pointed at me. “I hear your new girl is a real firecracker! Smack! How bad did she damage your cousin?”
I was confused. By the look on Tony’s face, he was, too. He looked at me. I shrugged. He leaned toward the boy. “Lonny, what version of crazy are you spitting out?”
“Ho! You gotta be kidding me, man. She decked him!”
“I did not.” I shoved the container into my backpack and pushed away from the table. “I kept David from punching Tony. That was it.” I walked away.
Tony jumped up and followed me. “Erin, I’m sorry. I don’t know how stuff gets blown up like that.”
I didn’t turn around. “It’s high school. Deal with it.” I thought about Amy and her problem at school. Was I going to have to go to the principal and explain what happened?
Tony grabbed my arm and stopped me. I swung around to face him. I had all of these questions going through my mind at that moment but some of the guys had followed us. “Erin.”
I pointed behind him and dropped my voice. “Consider what you say. We have an audience.”
He rolled his eyes. He looked back at them. “Don’t you have a life?”
They snickered and backed off. I could hear a couple of them making bets on how long I’d still be Tony’s girl. That sounded wrong.
Tony turned back to me. “I’m sorry.” He looked lost. “It’s complicated.”
“I got that part.”
Tony froze. I could hear Rita’s voice behind me. “It’s just one of those days.” He looked down at me.
“I know. It’s Rita. Does she ever shut up?”
Tony snickered. “I doubt it.”
“Well, look who’s here.” Her voice was screechy. “I don’t understand, Tony. What do you see in her?”
Tony put his arms around me. “Do you mind? My girlfriend and I are trying to have a private conversation.”
The girls giggled. I glanced at Rita. She was scowling. It wasn’t a good look for her. I felt trapped between Tony’s boys, who were still hanging around at the far end of the hallway, and Rita with her crowd. I slipped my arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him down the hall. Let’s relocate.”
His arm stayed around my shoulder as we walked down the hall. The boys got out of our way. I pulled him toward the library. He stopped outside the door. “I can’t exactly go in there.”
I studied his face. “Why not?”
“The librarian doesn’t like me.”
I looked around. There were no other kids visible. I pulled him across the hall. “Fine. We’ll stay out here.”
He took my hand. “How did you do that anyway?”
I knew what he was asking. I shrugged. “I saw it coming.”
He looked concerned. “Does somebody beat on you?”
I wanted to laugh. I remembered the very first dojo that I found. We had left New York and ended up in Chicago. I missed Fusan. I was only six. The lady who my mom found to take care of me while she was at work often took me shopping. The door of the dojo had been open and the sound of the sensei’s voice echoed out into the street as he called the moves to his students.
I had stopped by the window to watch. Fusan had given me a basic foundation in several different arts, including Karate. I knew the kata. These were all older, advanced students. I walked into the dojo. The sensei noticed me. I bowed to him. He’d seemed surprised and asked me what I needed. I told him I wanted to join his class. The older students laughed but the sensei ignored them. He came and knelt in front of me. He’d asked me the same question. I’d simply told him that I knew the kata and wanted a place to practice. He humored me.
“I’ve studied martial arts most of my life.”
“Like Kung Fu fighting?” He made a couple of playful blocks.
I tried not to laugh. “I’ve studied Wushu, and several other Chinese forms. I prefer Tai Chi.”
He looked confused. “Huh. You mean you really could have decked him?”
I considered the question. “If I would have needed to. A real martial artist doesn’t fight to do harm. We fight to prevent harm.”
“Like self-defense.”
“Yes.”
Tony looked around. “I guess that’s a good skill to have in this school.” A boy walked around the corner and stopped. Tony tensed. He looked at me. “I have to go.” He leaned close. To anyone at a distance, it probably looked like he was kissing me. I didn’t want to think about that. He dropped his voice to a whisper. “Go into the library and stay there until the bell rings.”
I recognized the change in the quality of his voice. It had lost the slur. His face was tight. I touched his arm. “Be careful.”
He gave me an odd look then headed down the hall toward the boy. I went across the hall to the library but stopped in the doorway and turned around. Tony had stopped in front of the boy. “Well? Are you here to waste my time?”
The boy grinned. “Wouldn’t dream of it. She looks hot.”
“Just stick to the subject. Yes or no?”
“You got the money?”
Tony pulled something out of his pocket. “How do I know it’s the real deal?”
The boy pulled something out of his pocket and held it in front of Tony’s face. “It’s prime.”
Tony handed him the money, took the baggie, and they both walked away in different directions.
My lungs were struggling to fill. I’d seen exchanges like that before. I had a pretty good idea what was in the baggie. I moved quietly to the end of the hall. The other boy was already out of sight. Tony turned the corner and headed down a different hallway. I followed.
There was no one else in the hall. I could hear the squeak of Tony’s sneakers. He’d rounded another corner and stopped. I could hear him talking quietly to someone. I paused at the corner and peered around it. He was talking to David. Tony handed him the bag.
“It took you long enough.”
Tony leaned back against the lockers. “Just tell me if it’s real.”
David took something out of an inside pocket and stuck it into the baggie. “It’s the stuff.”
“He’s got to be the source.”
“Of this? Good chance. But not the little pills. Results came back on them. No relation.”
“Maybe I don’t get that until I’m higher up on his list?”
David stuck the baggie in his pocket. “What happened this morning?”
Tony started to laugh. “We’re going to have to change our tactics so Erin doesn’t seriously damage you.”
David frowned. “I don’t like it. Don’t get her involved.”
Tony chewed on his lower lip. “I don’t know. She’s cool with it. It’s gotten Rita off my case and won me points with the boys. I think that may have been what finally pushed Hasting over.”
David grabbed Tony’s arm. “It’s a fine line. Don’t forget that.”
Tony pushed him off. “I’m not. I know better.”
I could hear other footsteps headed in my direction. I was shielded by the end of the lockers. I turned to see who it was. A couple had stopped in the hallway. I wondered if they were going to make out. The girl pulled something out of her pocket. “Why don’t you just go to the nurse’s office? It’s not like she won’t give you some.”
He took the little bag. “I can’t. I’ve already been in there three times today. But this headache won’t stop. My ears are ringing.”
She shrugged. “I hope you feel better.” She walked away.
The boy pulled out a bottle of water and shook a couple of small blue pills into his hand. He swallowed them with the water. He put the bag in his pocket and followed the girl.
I remembered to breathe. I glanced back around the corner. The hallway was empty. Tony and David must have gone out the other way. I went back toward the library. I was more confused than ever. David didn’t strike me as the kind of kid who did drugs. Tony looked like he could, sometimes even acted like he did, but I didn’t smell anything on him. I’d certainly been close enough for that today.
The bell rang before I got back to the library. I turned back and went to Soc-Ec. Tony caught up with me before I got to the classroom door. “Sorry about having to ditch you like that.”
I didn’t know what to say. I paused beside the door, turned, and studied his face. His eyes were clear. There was no indication that he’d used any of the drugs. “Who was that kid?”
He looked uncertain. “Just one of the guys.”
Several of his regular pack came swaggering down the hall. “Speaking of.”
One of them pushed Tony on his back. He lost his balance and caught himself on the lockers to keep from crushing me. I’d braced him with my hands on his chest. Our faces ended up very close together. He looked startled. “Are you okay?” I nodded. He whirled around and faced off with the kid who had pushed him. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
The guys looked surprised. The boy who had pushed him put up his hands. “I didn’t mean anything, Tony. Honest.”
Tony growled at him. “Don’t ever do that again.” The other guys laughed but they looked fearful. Tony turned back to me. “The bell is about to ring.”
“I’ll see you in Lit.” I went into the classroom. 
Ms. Green was collecting homework. I pulled mine out and handed it to her. She looked at me. “Erin, is everything okay?”
I was surprised by her tone of concern. Had she seen the confrontation in the hallway? “I’m fine.”
She didn’t look convinced. I went to my seat. Rebecca was still absent. One of the other girls looked over at me. “So, is he a good kisser?” A couple of other girls giggled.
I ignored them. Gossip flew around the room until Ms. Green called the class to order. She finished up the unit on the South and warned everyone there would be a test on Monday. Groans echoed around the room. I picked up my books and headed out the door.
Tony met me at my locker. I already had the novel with me. I swapped out textbooks. Tony was watching me. I closed my locker. He leaned close. “Are you mad at me?”
“I don’t get mad.” But I had a lot of other confusing feelings running around inside at the moment.
He put his arm around me and guided me through the rush of students in the hallway. We walked into class. David was already there. He frowned at us. We walked back to our seats. David turned and looked at Tony. “Seriously?”
“Shut up!” He’d said it loud enough that everyone in the room turned to look at them. Tony got out of his seat and leaned over David. “The only reason I haven’t mashed your face is because my lady asked me not to. Be thankful for that and keep your mouth shut.” He sat down again. The room was still.
David glanced at me and turned around. Professor Linton walked into the room. He paused at the door and studied the silent class. He shook his head and went to his desk, picked up a stack of papers, and began exchanging them for finished assignments.
I pulled out the paper I’d written that morning. The struggle of the Joad family to prepare for the trip to California hit home with me because of all the times I had moved. My mom and I had our lives down to a fairly organized set of essentials. I had felt sorry for the farmers who had been trapped by necessity to accept the unfair deals of the salesmen and pawnbrokers.
Professor Linton came to my desk. “Excellent analysis of the Joad family, Ms. Dawson.” I handed him my paper. He turned to Tony. “Mr. Burns, great observations.” He took his next paper and moved to David. “Mr. Jensen, interesting perspective.”
I looked over at Tony. He was reading the notes that had been written in the margins of his paper. I looked at my own. Professor Linton liked to comment on things. There were little comments with arrows all around the paper. He’d written Great Job! at the top. It almost felt condescending but that seemed to be his norm.
During the discussion, Professor Linton asked Tony what the most memorable part of the reading was. He grinned. “I thought it was pretty funny that they drugged Grandpa.”
Others laughed. Professor Linton looked thoughtful. “Why do you think the family resorted to that?”
David raised his hand. “Because Grandpa wasn’t smart enough to know they had no choice but to move on.”
The bell rang before Professor Linton could make a response. He reminded everyone of the reading and homework assignment as the class filed out. Tony looked at David. “Grandpa wasn’t dumb. He just didn’t want to give up.” David gave him a look and went out the door.
I looked at Tony. “Are you ever going to tell me what the deal is with you and David?”
He put his arm around my shoulders. “Maybe someday.”
He left me at the gym. I walked into the locker room. The gossip was thick. Jill looked at me with wide eyes. “Did you really knock out Davy Jenson?”
“Oh, brother. This is like a bad game of telephone.” I pulled out my leotard. “I didn’t hit anyone. I kept David from hitting Tony. That was it.”
She pulled on her own leotard. “Why are you going out with him? Tony seems like a jerk.”
I hate lying to people. I considered what to say. “He made a promise not to beat up on other kids if I did.”
She stared at me. “Seriously? You’re going out with him to protect other kids? Erin, you’re either a saint or insane.”
Rita came around the lockers. “Hah! And just how far are you ready to go? I’d go all the way but you’re probably still a virgin.”
I was and more than happy about it. I’d been in high schools where half the senior girls were pregnant, some of them, on their second kid. No thanks. I saw what my mom went through trying to keep us alive. There was no way I wanted to even think about a kid yet. I decided to ignore her.
Jill followed me out into the gym. It was just mats today. Jill frowned. “There’s a basketball game. My friend goes to Shoreview. She says they have two gyms there. Their gymnastics class has gone to state every year.”
I seriously doubted that was why but I understood her sentiment. I’d started working on a new routine on the uneven bars. No practicing that today. I went over and began to stretch. Rita and the other girls from the team seemed to be having a competition to see how far each of them could take the stretch. I could see the look of pain on one of the girls face as she tried to bend her back even tighter.
Ms. Addison came out of her office and called everyone together for warm-ups. I focused on my new floor routine. Rita kept making rude comments about it. Jill shook her head. “She’s just jealous. I don’t think she can do some of those moves. I really like the combination in your last pass. You come out of that back handspring into an arabian and stick your landing every time.”
“Thanks. I think the flow of your routine is really powerful.” Jill was taller than me. I could see how challenging some of the moves were for her but she was really trying.
The last bell rang. I was relieved. I escaped from the locker room and headed out of the gym. When I got to the front hall, I noticed Tony and his boys hanging out together. He was acting very strange. I paused and looked around the hallway. The kids swarmed out of the school. Very few were standing still. That’s how I picked him out. It was the boy who had given Tony the baggie earlier. He was watching Tony.
I didn’t know what to do. I heard Principal Granger’s voice in the office. He was coming toward the door. If he saw Tony, chances are things would be bad. I moved across the hall and came toward him.
Tony looked up at me. “Ah, and there’s my baby.” His words were more slurred than normal.
I caught the movement of the office door out of the corner of my eye. I slipped my arm around his waist. “Come on. Walk with me.”
He leaned on me. “Not now, baby.”
I pulled him toward the door. “Now is a good time to make an exit. You’re audience has gotten it. Okay?”
He looked over at me. His eyes were clear. He looked back at the boys. “See you guys. I’m going to have a good weekend.” He let me lead him from the building.
I looked at him. “Thanks so much for that last remark. Do you have any idea what rumors are going to be going around school by Monday?”
“Oops.”
I let go of him after we turned the corner. “You owe me.”
He pouted. “How much?” His voice was clear again.
“An answer. What is going on with you and David?”
He rolled his eyes. “Erin, I can’t.” He started walking down the street.
I followed him. “Why not? Are you afraid? Embarrassed?”
He stopped and turned back to me. “It’s complicated.”
“Life is complicated.”
He reached out and put his hands around my face. “Please, ask me anything else. I’m sorry if I’m made things difficult for you. I didn’t mean to.”
The feeling of his hands on my face was having a strange reaction on me. It confused me. Part of me wanted to push him away but there was a part of me that wanted him to pull me closer. I stood still. “Okay. What about the boy in the hallway?”
“He’s just one of the guys.”
“Who sold you drugs.”
He inhaled sharply. “How did you… You didn’t go into the library, did you?”
“No.” He let go of me and started to turn away. “Tony.” I grabbed his arm. “That act was for him. I could tell. He was watching you.”
Tony kicked at a crack in the sidewalk. “You gotta look cool. You know?” He turned back to me. “You do it with your dragons. I do it by looking tough. That’s why people leave me alone.”
If I hadn’t seen the conversation between him and David afterwards, I might have believed it. “What did you do with them?”
“I got rid of them.”
I could hear voices coming from the other side of the corner. I took his arm and started walking. “All that is a show so you look tough?”
He glanced behind us. “Oh man.” His attitude changed. “If things go bad, you need to get out of here.” He staggered.
I pulled his arm around my shoulders. “This totally redefines extreme.”
One of the guys following us called Tony’s name. He leaned into me. “Run and don’t look back.”
“Not a chance.”
The guy had caught up with us. “Hey, Tony, my man. What’s you got for me?”
Tony let me go, spun around, and planted his fist in the boy’s face. “How’s that?” The guy laid on the ground, dazed. Tony made a good show of being high on something. “Batter up!” The other guys laughed nervously.
I was in a ready stance without even realizing it. I sized them up. There were still four standing. I hadn’t seen any of them in school. 
The guy on the ground struggled to his feet. “That ain’t very nice.” His body moved. I saw the intent and the fast glint off of metal. Tony must have seen it, too. He back pedaled but not fast enough.
My foot intersected the guy’s wrist lest than an inch from Tony’s gut. The blade went skittering into the street. He swore and grabbed his wrist. The other guys backed up a step. I took Tony’s arm and pulled him away. I didn’t run, just walked.
Tony eventually glanced back. “More of that Kung Fu fighting stuff, huh?”
“Actually, that was a Karate move.” We were almost up to the dojo. I looked at my watch. “I have to be to work in five minutes. What did they decide to do?”
He looked back again. “Looks like they turned back.”
I sighed. “That’s good. I haven’t seen those guys in school.”
Tony laughed. “Nobody sees them in school. Those are the No Names. They’re a gang. The only reason they’re even at school is their parole officer makes them go. No kid left behind. Even brain dead ones like that.” He stopped, forcing me to stop as well. “Thank you. That could have really been bad.”
“Collisions of any kind usually are. Will you be okay?”
He got the most peculiar look. “You know what’s bad? It’s usually the guy who asks the girl that.”
I shook my head. “I have to go to work.” I could see the students filing into the dojo. “I’ll see you Monday.” I gently pulled free and ran the last half block to the dojo.
Max was at the front desk greeting students and parents. He waved me over. “I was starting to get worried. Are you all right?”
“Just a little drama after school. Sorry I’m late.”
“As long as you are whole, it doesn’t matter.”
I managed to smile. “I better get changed.”
My first class was waiting in the classroom. We made a lot of progress. One of the parents came up to me after class. “I’m Scott’s mom. I just wanted to thank you. He really likes you as a teacher. Not that the previous one was bad but he says your better.”
“Thank you.” That was awkward. I didn’t know who Scott’s previous teacher had been, not that it would have made a difference. I liked all of the other junior masters at the dojo. “He’s made a lot of progress in the past couple of weeks.”
The other two afternoon classes also went well. There were a lot of questions about the open house the next day. Fortunately, Max had a poster by the front door with most of the answers on it so all I had to do was direct them to the poster.
By the end of the afternoon session, I was ready for dinner. I grabbed a plate and slid into the chair next to Philip. He looked over at me and smiled. “You look tired.”
I dished out several things that looked tasty. “There was a lot of drama at school today.”
He laughed. “Your school is like that, too?”
“All high schools are like that. I know. I’ve been to a lot of them.” I started eating and so did Philip. He ate quietly. I wondered if it was because of me.
I had three evening classes because of Friday night. There was an extra beginners class right after dinner. Max had told me most of the kids had parents who worked at the military base and because of traffic, it was hard for them to get here sooner. That meant all the classes from Wednesday night started an hour later.
Robert was in my last class of the night. I was hoping to be able to ask him about Rebecca after class. I was surprised when she walked in as we finished the last set. I went over and hugged her. “I’ve been worried about you. Robert said you were in the hospital.”
“I was. It was scary. The doctors still aren’t sure what was wrong but I’m not allowed to take any more aspirin at school. I get to go back on Monday.”
“Oh, you’re going to be walking into a test in Soc-Ec. Ms. Green will probably let you off the hook since you missed so much.”
She opened a bag she’d been carrying. “I brought a shirt. I was hoping you might have enough time to draw a dragon for me.”
I looked at the blank sky blue shirt. “It does take a little while. It won’t be too late for Robert, will it?”
“It’s Friday night. He usually stays up late anyway. Besides, he wanted to watch, too.”
“I have to get my backpack. All my pens are in it. And I should make sure Max isn’t in a hurry to close up.” I found Max in his office and explained things to him.
“It’s not a problem. Susan just got here. She and I are going to hang some posters for tomorrow anyway.”
I got my backpack and went back to the classroom. Robert was sitting next to his sister. He looked excited. “Are you really going to do it right now?”
“Max said I have time.” I pulled out the cardboard and slipped it inside the shirt.
Philip stopped in the doorway. “There you are.”
Robert pointed at the shirt. “Erin is going to draw a dragon for my sister.”
“Cool! Can I watch?”
I had never had an audience before. “You won’t miss your bus?”
“They run later on Fridays and Saturdays.”
I patted the floor beside me. I looked over at Rebecca. “Is it okay with you?”
“Sure.”
I took a moment to really study her face. She was very pretty. I began to see the dragon there. I blocked out my starting points and filled in the basic shape. The head of the dragon was centered on the front while one forearm went over a shoulder and the other under the opposite sleeve. The back legs and tail seemed to wrap around her waist.
I was so focused on my work that I didn’t realize others had come it to see what I was doing. After I put the final touches on to make the highlights stand out, I held it up for her to see. Everyone in the room started to talk at once. I looked around. Even Max and Susan were there.
Philip leaned over and hugged me. “Erin, you are truly gifted.” His voice was thick with emotion.
Max looked ready to cry. “That is absolutely incredible. It even looks like Rebecca.”
Robert frowned. “But it looks like a boy dragon.”
I studied the face. “Huh. I guess it does.” I pulled the cardboard out and handed the shirt to Rebecca. “Remember, dragons only come to those who are worthy to wear them. Keep your mind, body, and soul pure.”
She nodded and took the shirt. She laid it on her lap so she could see the face. “What’s the dragon’s name?”
I hadn’t based the dragon on a historical one, but on her. I thought for a moment. “Rubicon.” It sounded like a cool name for a dragon.
She smiled broadly and traced the face with her finger. “Hey, Rubicon.” She looked up at me. There were tears in her eyes. “Thank you, Erin.”
The others began to disperse. Ryan waved. “See you tomorrow.”
I walked Robert and Rebecca to the door. “Have a great weekend.”
Robert grinned at me. “We’ll see you tomorrow. I’m bringing some of my friends from school so they can see the dojo.”
“That’s great!” I let them out and locked the door. Philip was waiting beside the front desk. I was still in my gee. “I need to change.”
“Not a problem. I will wait for you.”
I hurried to the locker room and got into my street clothes. Susan was coming out of the kitchen as I left the locker room. She smiled at me. “You are an amazing artist. There’s a really good art school in Seattle. Have you thought about where you’re going to go to college?”
I was still wondering if I was going to finish high school. “Haven’t decided yet.” 
Max called her name from his office. She smiled at me. “See you tomorrow.”
I said good night and rejoined Philip. We walked out into the night. He hugged me. “What you did for your friend, that was so special. Robert said his sister had been very ill.”
“I had promised her the shirt before she got sick.” I paused near the bus stop. “What time does your bus come?”
He pulled me close. I liked the feeling. “You said you don’t live very far from here. I bet there is a bus stop close to your home. I could walk with you.”

* * *
9
I don’t know if it was the tone of his voice or my own imagination but I had a physical response that made me feel warm all over. “Okay.” I had no idea where the bus stops were but he seemed more than capable of finding the right one. I slipped my arm around his waist and he put his arm around my shoulders. It felt different than walking with Tony. That startled me. Why was I comparing him with Tony?
Philip paused and looked at me. “Are you all right? You just tensed.”
“Sorry. I think the rest of my day is just catching up with me.”
His hands moved. His fingers gently touched my chin and turned my face up to meet his. His lips touched mine. The feeling grew. Warmth spread through me. It seemed to come from the place Fusan had called the hara – the center of a person’s being.
He began whispering softly to me, giving me subtle hints. I began experimenting, first with my lips and then with my tongue. It was amazing. The sensations ran through my body. I had never felt anything like this before.
He finally broke the kiss. He rested his forehead against mine. “You are a very fast learner. Are you certain you have never kissed anyone before?”
“I haven’t.” I reached up and touched his face. “I like the way it makes me feel.”
He hugged me. “Oh, Erin.” I realized we were both trembling. “I had better get you home before we lose track of time completely and you get in trouble.”
I glanced at my watch. I was surprised. It was past midnight. “Oh, my.” I looked up at him. “Will you still be able to get a bus?”
He chuckled. “Yes. Do not worry. As I said, the buses run very late tonight and tomorrow.”
He walked with me to the front door of the apartment. He kissed me again. I really didn’t want to let him go but I knew my mom was probably worried and I was still concerned about the bus. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Definitely.” He pointed to the bus coming down the street. “And you see, there it is.” He ran to the stop, got on, and was gone.
I got down to the dojo early. I hadn’t gotten much sleep. It had taken me a while to calm down mom and even longer to calm down myself. 
Max was just opening the front door. He looked surprised. “You’re early.”
“Couldn’t sit still.” I followed him inside. There were colorful posters on the walls explaining the various arts the dojo taught. “Wow, you and Susan were busy last night.”
Max chuckled. “These are her works of art. She designed them for the dojo and had them printed out on vinyl so they will last awhile.”
“That’s a good idea.”
“I have the full schedule of events posted on the wall in the library. I’m going to get the coffee and hot water started. We borrowed some big pots from a friend.”
He stopped in the kitchen and I continued on into the library. There were several printed pages taped to the wall by the door. Our names were highlighted next to the different events that we were participating in.
I went to the locker room to change into my gee. I looked at myself in the mirror. Ri Riu sparkled in the florescent lighting. I focused on my breathing. I had never participated in any kind of competition. I had helped with a few demonstrations before but this seemed different. It was more informal. People would be moving through the dojo all day long, watching various demonstrations that we would repeat at intervals.
I went out and found Susan talking to Linda and Ryan in the hallway. Linda smiled at me. “Watching you draw that dragon last night was so cool. You’re an amazing artist.”
My cheeks felt warm. “Thanks.”
Amy and Steven came in followed by Yan and Marcus. Philip arrived moments later. He smiled at me. “Your mom wasn’t upset that you were late, was she?”
“Well, she’d been a little worried but she calmed down pretty fast.”
“I am glad to hear that. I have to go change. I will see you in a moment.”
Susan put her hand on my shoulder. “Is your mom going to stop in?”
“No, she’s working a double shift today to help out one of her coworkers who needed tomorrow off. At least she’ll have tomorrow to recover.”
Max called us all together in the library. Philip stood behind me. His hand touched mine. I let my fingers curl around his. Max stood on a stool so he could see everyone. “First of all, thank you for being here today. This couldn’t happen without your help. You are all dedicated members of this team and I appreciate that.” He pointed at the lists. “It’s going to be a busy day. Remember to drink plenty of water. I’ll be moving around the dojo as much as possible. If you have any problems with a guest, whistle. Have fun today!”
We all cheered. I leaned into Philip and he hugged me. “This is going to be awesome.”
I grinned at him. “If we do a good job, it might mean bigger classes.”
He nodded. “But that will help Max. He doesn’t charge as much as other dojos. It can’t be cheap to rent this building and pay the bills.”
We started heading out to the assigned classrooms. I smiled at Philip. “I’ll see you at lunch.”
He leaned forward and kissed me lightly. “It’s a date.”
The morning went quickly. There was a slow trickle at first then more came. Students brought friends and family. Many people from the neighboring community stopped in. Friends of the other junior masters showed up. By my lunch break, the dojo was packed with people.
I had just finished an Aikido demonstration with three members of Max’s advanced class. It had gone well. There was a huge crowd in the main front room where Ryan and some of his students were preforming one of the Karate katas, all in perfect timing. It looked cool.
I slipped back through the kitchen into the library. Philip was already there. “How did your morning go?”
“It went well. People seemed really interested in what we were doing.”
He motioned to the chair next to his and held up a cup of tea. “For you.”
I sat next to him and took the tea. It was perfect. “Impressive.”
He laughed. “What can I do for my next trick?” He handed me a plate. “You should have some food.”
We both picked out a few things and ate quietly. Linda and Yan came in. Linda looked surprised. “It was so quiet, I didn’t know you where here.”
Yan frowned. He took a plate and sat down. Philip and I had both finished. Philip looked over at Yan. “How did your Taekwondo demonstration go?”
Yan didn’t look at him. “Charlie and Jester are here.” His voice had a strange tone to it.
Linda shook her head. “Those guys are creeps. I hope they don’t stick around. Why would they come anyway?”
I noticed Philip had tensed. “Do they go to your school?”
He nodded. “They are jocks, members of the varsity teams, center of attention of many, especially the cheerleaders.”
Linda laughed coldly. “From what I hear, the cheerleaders have a competition going to see who can sleep with all the guys on the varsity team at least once. Multiple times gives you extra points.”
I felt uncomfortable. Philip put his hand on my shoulder. “Come on. We have to go get ready for our next set of demonstrations.”
We washed and stacked our plates. I followed Philip into the crowded hallway. It was almost like being in school. He went to his classroom and I went to mine. The students who were going to help me with the demonstration were waiting as were parents and a few people already moving in to take seats.
I bowed to the students and they returned the bow. I turned to face the audience. “Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I’m Erin Dawson. Welcome to Inyo Dojo’s presentation of Tai Chi.”
I had each of the students introduce themselves and we began the demonstration. I was focused on the students until we finished the set. We bowed in unison to the audience and they clapped. As I began answering questions, I realized Tony was in the back of the room. I struggled to pay attention to the family who had asked more about the class.
The people filed out. Tony pushed off the wall where he’d been leaning. “So this is where you work? No wonder you’re so good. That was really impressive.”
I felt awkward, like he was invading the non-school part of my life. I didn’t want to be rude. “I hope you enjoy the demonstrations.”
He frowned. “I’m sorry. I probably shouldn’t be here. It’s just, I saw the sign yesterday and I got curious.” He looked lost. He wasn’t slurring his words. He wasn’t here to impress the boys.
“It’s a public event. Anyone is free to come in.” I glanced at the clock. “I have to go get ready for the Sinawali demonstration. I hope you enjoy the rest of the open house.” I hurried out of the classroom and almost ran into Philip.
He caught me. “Erin, what’s wrong?”
I forced myself to breathe. “I’m all right. Let’s go. Max is probably waiting for us.” I followed him through the crowd.
Ryan handed us our bastons. Max had already begun the introduction. Philip and I took our places in the formation. I looked at him and he smiled at me. “This will be fun.”
We were in the front room and the bamboo shades had been pulled up so that people outside could see us, too. The music started and I forgot about the people around us and concentrated on the beat. We’d gotten this down Thursday night. 
We went through all four dances without any mistakes. Philip had been right. It was fun. By the time we finished the last song, I was almost laughing. It was a giddy feeling. The song ended and we all bowed on the last beat, right baston to the forehead and left across the raised knee.
The crowd, both inside and out, broke into cheers and applause. Max smiled at us. He got up on a chair and pointed at us. “The Junior Masters of Inyo Dojo!” People cheered even louder.
I started feeling dizzy. We all stood. Philip reached over to steady me. “Erin, are you okay?”
I wasn’t. “I need some water.”
Philip got Ryan’s attention and made some hand signs at him. Ryan nodded and tossed him a bottle of water. He handed it to me. I leaned on him and he put his arm around me. I got the bottle opened and drank down about half of it.
Ryan had been passing water around to the others. Philip had to reach his arm around me to open his bottle. I leaned into him even more. He held me and kept me from falling over. I drained the rest of my bottle.
We were finally starting to move off the floor. The crowd was like a wall. Robert and Rebecca emerged from the mass. Robert was grinning. “That was the coolest thing ever!”
I managed to smile. “Thanks.” I still felt shaky.
Rebecca was wearing Rubicon. He looked good on her. Philip chuckled. “Ah, and how are you and your dragon getting along?”
She looked uncertain. “Okay.” She turned to me. “Tony Burns is here.”
I sighed. “I noticed.” I leaned into Philip. “Tony is the nightmare at Hamilton High.”
“Every school has one.” His voice was odd.
I looked up at him. He was looking at someone in the crowd. I tried to follow his line of sight. There was a husky looking boy staring at us. “Who is he?”
“Charlie McCribbon.”
I still wasn’t fully recovered. “I’d love to talk, Rebecca, but I need to sneak in and get a few bites to eat before my next demonstration.”
“Okay. We’ve been here quite a while. I should probably pull Robert away. I’ll see you Monday.” She and her brother moved toward the door.
Philip helped me through the crowd. His arm was tight around me. “You are shaking.”
I had noticed. “I need to get some complex carbs.” We moved in the direction of the kitchen.
The boy who had been staring at us evolved from the shifting bodies and blocked our path. He was scowling. “What’s a matter with you, nigger? You color blind?”
The last Soc-Ec unit came to mind. “Boy, are you lost – in time and space. This is the state of Washington in the twenty first century not the Deep South in the eighteen hundreds.” I pulled Philip around him.
He hissed at us. I watched him out of the corner of my eye, keeping myself between him and Philip. He started to laugh. Another familiar face appeared just behind him. “You got a problem, Cracker?” The slur was in his voice. Tony obviously knew the guy.
Charlie spun around, his eyes going wide. “Burns? I thought you was doing time for offing a guy.”
“Past history. Now make yourself scarce. This is my hood.” His voice had become heavy and threatening.
Charlie ducked away and disappeared into the crowd. Tony looked at me. “You’re not looking so good.”
“I need to get something to eat.”
He nodded, looked at Philip for a moment, then turned and disappeared back into the swarm.
Philip managed to get me to the library. I was relieved. Max came in right behind us. He looked at me and his expression changed. “Erin! Philip, get her into a chair. He grabbed another bottle of water and brought it over, took the cap off, and handed it to me. “Take small sips.” He watched me for a moment. “How did you get so dehydrated?”
I wasn’t sure. “Everything just got really busy.” I was glad Philip was sitting next to me. He was holding me. It was comforting.
Max pulled a few things together on a plate. “Philip, make sure she eats this.” He looked at the clock. “Erin, if you’re not feeling better in ten minutes, I’ll do your demonstration.”
“I’ll be fine.” I started eating the things Max had chosen. They were good choices, some kind of nut bread, some cheese, and a half of a banana. I was feeling better by the time I’d finished.
Philip hugged me. “I was worried about you.”
“Sorry to worry you. I didn’t mean to.”
He pulled another bottle of water out of the basket and handed it to me. “You keep that with you. We still have a couple more hours to go. You be sure and drink water.”
Max came in to check on me. “Are you sure you’re feeling up to this demonstration?”
I looked at the list. It was the women’s self-defense class.” This one is important. No offence, but it won’t be as meaningful if you do the demonstration.”
He grinned. “Probably not.”
I held up the bottle. “I’ve already gotten my lecture.” I looked back at Philip. He still looked overly concerned. I turned around, reached up, and kissed him. His arms folded around me and he returned the kiss. I slowly let him go and looked up at him. “I just want you to know that I don’t care what that kid thinks.”
Philip gave me one of the most beautiful smiles I’ve ever seen. “You are truly special.”
I walked out of the library. Max was in the kitchen. He was grinning but didn’t say anything. I went to the classroom. Frank was there waiting. He was one of Max’s older students who came in to study Tai Chi. He bowed to me. “Splendid performance. Your group really wowed the audience.”
“Thank you. Let’s see if we can help some ladies.” The room was pretty packed. I could see the tell-tale signs in some of the women. They needed this class. Max offered a special sliding scale for it. There were even some anonymous donors who would sponsor women who couldn’t afford anything. It was a really important program.
I was surprised to see Tony watching from the doorway. I did my best to ignore him and focused on the women instead. After the demonstration was over, many of the women picked up the free coupon for an introductory class. Tony waited just outside the door until they had all left. He came in. I reached for the bottle of water. He watched me drink. “That was really good.” His voice was clear again.
I studied his expression, wondering what he was thinking. I finished off the bottle of water. “Thank you for intervening. I guess that guy goes to Philip’s school.”
Tony chewed on his bottom lip. “Shoreview, huh? They got better classes than Hamilton.”
I shrugged. “Looks to me like they have all the other problems, though.”
He was shuffling his feet. He shoved his hands in his pocket. “I didn’t really kill anyone.”
“Just talk to make you sound cool, is that it?”
He frowned. “Not exactly.” He sighed. “It’s complicated.”
Max came in. He had a bottle of water in his hand. I held up the empty. He grinned. “I’ll trade you.” We tossed the bottles to each other. Max looked over at Tony and extended his hand. “Max Gusalli. I’m the master here at the dojo.”
Tony shook it. “Tony Burns. I go to school with Erin.”
Max handed him a coupon. “You should come try a class. It’s free. See if you’d like it.”
I couldn’t decide if Tony was struggling with what to say or trying not to laugh. He shoved the coupon in his coat pocket. “I’ll keep it in mind.”
The students who were going to help me with my last demonstration came into the room. They paused and bowed to me. I returned the bow. I looked over at Tony. “Sorry, I have to get ready for the next demonstration.”
“Okay. I’ll see you Monday.” He nodded at Max and walked out of the class room.
I turned and began reviewing things with the students. Max came over and tapped me on the shoulder. He handed me the water bottle that I’d set on the floor. “This is only going to help you if you drink it.”
I sighed and took the bottle. “Understood.” I drank between comments and had finished off half the bottle by the time we started.
It was the last demonstration of the night. There were still quite a few people here but the crowd had begun to thin. Everything went as planned and the audience seemed to like it. Several took coupons with them.
I was relieved to be finished. I drained the water bottle and thanked the students who had helped me. I went out into the hall. Max was saying good night to the last of the guests. I noticed Philip pulling the blinds on the big windows in the front room. I went to help. Ryan and Marcus came in and we all worked together to roll up the mats.
Max and several of his older students set up long tables and we moved chairs from the class rooms to the tables. Others had started carrying food out and Susan was arranging a serving table against the wall. It was very festive.
Philip finally pulled me into the food line. “Now you will really eat. Yes?”
I leaned against him. “Can you hear my stomach agreeing with you?”
He laughed. “Good answer!” He stayed close and we sat together, eating quietly, while others around us chatted.
After most had finished, Max stood up. “Thank you, to all of you, for making this event such an amazing success. According to the door count, we had over 700 people come in today.”
Everyone cheered and clapped. Ryan stood up. “And that doesn’t include the people who just watched through the window. The Sinawali performance was a real hit!”
I was curled into Philip. I tried to listen to Max’s speech but my eyelids were failing the fight against gravity. Philip hugged me. His lips found my ear. “I will walk you home. You might fall asleep on the way otherwise.”
I realized I’d come close to dozing off. “You’re awesome. I just need to change first.”
Max and Susan were saying good night to everyone by the time I got out of the locker room. Max looked concerned. “Are you going to be all right?”
“Philip is going to walk me home.” I looked around. “Is he out of the locker room?”
Susan gave me a hug. “I think I saw him heading for the main room. Some of the guys are helping load tables and chairs into the truck.”
I thanked both of them and headed for the front. The room was mostly empty. Yan and Philip were faced off in one corner. Yan looked upset. “Charlie saw you with her. Man, that was stupid.”
Philip frowned. “I don’t care what he thinks and neither does Erin. It’s none of his business.”
Yan grabbed his arm. “This is Charlie we’re talking about. Do you remember what he did to Ruddy?”
Philip looked down. “I will be careful.” He looked up at saw me. “Good night, Yan.” He came up to me and put his arm around me.
I leaned close to him. “Is it because of me?”
He pulled me out the door. We walked most of a block before his breathing was under control. He pulled me to a stop. “This is not South Africa. This is Tacoma, Washington. In America. Things are supposed to be different here.” He touched my face. “I like you very much. Why should it matter what color my skin is?”
I put my hands around his neck. “I don’t care. I like you, too. I don’t understand what the issue is.”
He buried his face in my shoulder. “Oh, Erin. Everywhere I turn, there are those who say black should be with black and white should be with white.”
“I don’t agree. We’re all just people. We should be with the ones who care about us, regardless of what color our skin is. We’re all just people.”
His hand guided my face to his and he kissed me. The warmth spread and I just wanted to be there forever like that. He finally broke the kiss. His fingers traced my lips. “You are so special.” His soft whisper made me feel a whole new way.
I leaned my head against his chest. “At least the others at the dojo don’t seem to mind. I think Max actually approves.”
Philip smiled. He put his arm around my shoulders and started walking me toward my apartment building. “Max is a unique person. He used to be a fancy architect. He made a lot of money and he was busy all the time. Then one day, he told me he felt this pain, right here.” Philip put his hand over the center of my chest. “He fell to the floor. They called an ambulance and rushed him to the hospital. He was having a heart attack. He almost died. He has scars on his chest from where they had to cut him open to make his heart work right.”
I was astonished. “Max has had bypass surgery?”
Philip chuckled. “That was over fifteen years ago. He was only forty. He made a decision to change his life. He began studying the martial arts and then, he began to teach. Seven years ago, he opened the dojo. He is a very special man.”
I tried to put it all into perspective. It felt like the world had just shifted. Max was so strong and healthy. I just couldn’t picture it.
Philip pulled me to a stop. “I think you are sleep walking. You almost walked past your door.”
I looked around. We were standing next to it. I looked up. The apartment was still dark. “What time is it?”
He glanced at his watch. “A little before nine.”
“Oh, it’s not that late. I think the diner is still open. Do you want to come meet my mom?”
He looked uncertain. “What do you think she would think of me?”
“I don’t know. Let’s go find out. If you’re worried about it, I’ll just introduce you as a friend from the dojo.”
“I think maybe that would be best.”
We walked over to the diner. There were still people inside. I could see mom waiting on a customer at the counter. We went in and sat at the counter. A few people looked over at us. I noticed the customers where all white. I hoped I hadn’t made a serious mistake.
Mom came out with a plate of food for the other customer at the counter. She made sure he had everything he needed then looked around. She noticed me and smiled. She came over. “You’re home early.”
“It was the open house today. We don’t have any evening classes.”
She smiled at Philip. “My, you’re tall.”
He grinned at her. “So I have been told.”
“That’s a neat accent.”
“I grew up in South Africa. I didn’t come to America until about four years ago.”
I grinned. “This is my friend, Philip. He’s one of the other Student Masters at the dojo. He walked me home.”
“That was very nice of you. You two settle in. I’ll be right back.” She made sure the other customers were all happy then disappeared into the kitchen.
I turned and grinned at him. “Well, now you know. She thinks you’re very tall.”
He struggled not to laugh. “Now I know where you get it. You are a lot like your mother.”
She came back with two plates of pie. “There you go. It’s almost closing time. I’ll just end up bringing it home with me otherwise. We bake our pies fresh every morning.”
I shook my head. “I can’t cook half as good as she can.” I picked up the fork and dug into the pie.
Philip followed my example. “Oh my, this is the most amazing apple pie I have ever tasted.”
Mom beamed. “I’m betting you drink tea. I’ll bring out some water and the tea basket.”
An older heavy set woman met her at the kitchen door. Her face looked like warm cinnamon. She had a jolly smile. “Manuel say your daughter is here. I have wanted to meet her.” Mom pointed us out and disappeared into the kitchen. The woman smiled and hobbled to us. She clapped her hands. “Oh, how pretty you are. Now I know why your mama talk so about you.” She looked at Philip. “And you have such a handsome man. Good for you!”
Mom returned with the tea. “Help yourselves. I have to start getting things cleaned up in back.”
We finished the pie and drank our tea. The last of the customers left. An elderly man came out from the back with a mop bucket. He struggled to wring out the mop.
Philip went over to him. “Can I help you?”
He looked up at Philip. “Oh! You are very tall.”
Philip chuckled. “These wringers are a challenge that I have fought with before. We are just sitting here waiting for Erin’s mother. I could mop this floor for you.”
He smiled at Philip. “That would be bueno. Muchas gracias.”
I convinced my mom to let me wash the tables and Philip mopped the floor. The couple insisted on sending us off with several bags of food. We walked back to the apartment building. Mom grinned at us. “I think you both impressed them.”
Philip smiled. “They are very sweet.”
“So are you, Philip. I hope you can take some of this home with you. There is no way Erin and I can eat all of it. I hate wasting food.”
He hefted the bag he was carrying. “I’m certain it would not go to waste at my house, thank you.” He walked with us to the door.
I could see the bus in the distance. “Is that yours?”
He squinted. “I believe it is.”
I wanted to kiss him but I could tell that he was still uncertain about my mom. I hugged him instead. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He smiled. “Absolutely.” He nodded to my mom. “It is very nice to meet you. Have a good evening.” He ran for the bus stop.
We watched him get on then walked upstairs together. I glanced at mom. I’d never brought any of my friends to meet her before. “What do you think of Philip?”
She pulled her key out. “He is so polite. What a nice young man.”
I was watching her face. “It doesn’t bother you?”
“That a boy walked you home? You’re seventeen.” She took the bag of food I’d been carrying. “From what I can see, you have good judgment.”
I wanted to sing. I started telling her about the best parts of the open house. She asked questions. I could never tell if she really understood what I did at a dojo. We talked for almost an hour.
Mom became quiet. She looked down at her hands. “You’ve made some real friends here.” I could hear a note of sadness in her voice. She looked up at me. “I just hope I don’t have to pull you away from all this. I don’t want to leave this place, either. I like it here, in spite of the rain.”
I sat down next to her. “Did you see somebody?”
She took my hands. “No.” She sighed. “Not yet.”
I looked at her. “What if we didn’t run away? What if we asked for help instead? I know Max would help us.”
She pulled me into her arms and cried on my shoulder. “I’m so tired of running.” She started rocking me. I almost fell asleep like that. She kissed my forehead. “You’re tired. Why don’t we get some sleep?”
We got ready for bed and climbed into our cots. Mom turned out the light. I fell asleep without trying to.
She was up before I was for a change. I woke to an amazing smell. I found mom making something in the kitchen. She turned and smiled at me. “I thought this would pull you out of bed.”
“What is it?”
“Probably on the not healthy list but if you don’t eat too much of it you’ll be safe. Mama Sari makes the most amazing bread pudding, dips it in eggs and crushed corn flakes, then fries it in real butter. I call it heart attack French toast. We have customers that come just for that.” She flipped them out of the pan onto plates and added a good helping of cut fresh fruit. She handed me one. “Enjoy.”
I finished it, just barely. “Wow. It’s a good thing I have to walk to the dojo.”
Mom laughed. “A little goes a long way.” She looked around the apartment. There wasn’t anything to make it messy. “Do you have any laundry? I’m not used to being off on Sundays. I don’t know what to do.”
I hugged her. “You could come down to the dojo with me.”
She laughed. “I’d just be in the way. You go on. Tell Philip I said hi.”
I started walking but ended up jogging. The breakfast felt heavy. The door was already open by the time I got there. Max was at the front desk explaining the classes we offered today to an older man.
He waved me over. “This is Mr. Stanton. He’s interested in Tai Chi. I’d like to…” He gasped. “Philip?”
I turned around. Philip was leaning against the doorframe. Blood dripped from his face. 

* * *
10
I ran to his side and caught him. “What happened?”
Max was on the phone with a 911 operator. He came over. “Sit down, Philip.”
I eased him to the floor. Ryan came in and stopped. “Oh my god!”
Max grabbed his arm. “Go to my office. Get the first aid bag.” He took off running.
Philip was struggling to breathe. Max pulled open his shirt. I could see the darker areas on his chest. I held him. “Hang on.”
Ryan returned. Max put the phone on speaker and had Ryan hold it. He handed me a pair of gloves and put on a pair himself. He carefully touched Philip’s face. “It looks like his jaw is broken and possibly the orbital on the left side.”
Yan and Amy walked in. Yan gasped. “No!” He came to the other side. “Philip! Was it Charlie and his gang?”
Philip managed to nod. Something inside me began to crumble. This was my fault. They had done this to Philip because of me.
I heard the distant siren. Max looked up at Amy. “Stand by the curb so they can see you.” She hurried back out the door.
I could feel him shaking. I was afraid of touching him in the wrong place. All I could do was let him lean on me and hope it wasn’t causing him more harm.
The paramedics came in with boxes and bags. I had to move out of the way. I stood in the corner of the room and watched everything. A police officer arrived and began asking questions. He was able to get enough information between Yan’s details and Philip’s yes or nos. They had jumped him on his way to the bus stop this morning. They’d beaten him with baseball bats. He had no way to explain the actual fight but he’d gotten away from them. Somehow he’d gotten onto the bus.
Max was astonished. “The bus driver didn’t say anything?”
The paramedics needed to take him to the hospital. The officer said he’d be there shortly. They took him out the door on a wheeled stretcher, loaded him into the back of an ambulance, and drove away.
Max went to his office for Philip’s emergency contact information. The officer looked at Yan. “Why did this gang attack him?”
Yan looked at me. “Because Charlie saw him with a white girl.”
The officer sucked in his breath. “Talk about a death wish.”
I shattered. Gravity started pulling on me. I began moving forward. I ran out of the dojo and I just kept going. I didn’t stop until I was at the apartment door. My hands were shaking so hard I couldn’t get the key into the hole.
Mom opened the door. Her eyes went wide. “Erin! What’s wrong?” She pulled me into her arms.
I just stood there shaking. Everything just started bubbling up and then it popped. “It’s my fault. They hurt him because of me.”
My mom held me for a long time. She finally got the whole story out of me. She ended up crying. I couldn’t. It felt like there was something wrong with me. My eyes were dry.
Mom finally controlled hers but she didn’t let me go. “I used to think what happened to your dad was my fault.”
I think my heart skipped a beat. She’d never talked about him before. I clung to her. “What happened?”
“He was in the army. It hadn’t even been his idea. One of his friends got him drunk and convinced him to enlist. He couldn’t back out.” Her voice was kind of monotone, like she was spilling out a memory. “His unit got sent to the Middle East. He was killed there.” She just kind of faded out.
“How old was I?”
Her breath got ragged. “You weren’t even born yet.” She began crying again. “He never even got to see you.”
I didn’t know what to feel. I should feel something. He was my dad. But I didn’t. I had never known him or anything about him. “What was his name?”
She pulled back and looked at me. “James Dawson. He was a good man.” Her face wrinkled up and more tears spilled out of her eyes. She covered her mouth with her hand. She opened the top drawer of the plastic set that held her clothes and pulled out a large envelope. She opened it and let the contents slide out. There were pictures and some documents. She found one and handed it to me. “That was our wedding picture.”
I looked down at the two smiling faces. My mom looked so young. “How old were you?”
“Eighteen. So was he. We had just graduated from high school. We were so in love. We decided to drive to Vegas and get married. So we did.”
I caught the tone change in her voice and looked over at her. Mom’s face had tightened. I touched her hand. “Mom?”
She struggled to swallow then took a shaky breath. “My daddy was so angry.” She pulled out one of the documents and unfolded it. I could see the fancy script. It was their marriage license. “He wanted us to get an annulment but I wouldn’t. I loved James and I didn’t care what my parents thought. We managed to find a small apartment. He was working for a construction company and I went to work at a diner. I found out I was pregnant with you the day after he left for basic training. When I told him, he cried. There was no housing for spouses at the base he was at. It wasn’t allowed for the new recruits.”
I looked at some of the other paperwork. I unfolded one. “Is this my birth certificate?”
She smiled and pointed at the little footprint in the corner. “That was your little foot when you were born.”
I looked at the location. “I was born in Las Vegas?”
She nodded. “My father came to our door one evening with a military Chaplin. He stood there while the man told me James had been killed in some battle that I never understood. My father just expected me to come home.” She began to tremble. “He actually suggested that I put you up for adoption so I could move on with my life.” She fell apart.
I caught her and pulled her into my arms. I don’t know how long we sat there like that. Everything that had been in her lap, all the pictures and papers, spilled on to the floor. I looked down at them as she cried. There were pictures of me when I was little. Even one of me and Fusan. Memory pieces. Just laying there on the floor.
The knock on the door made me jump. Mom sat up so fast she almost fell backwards off the cot. She looked terrified. I grabbed her arms. “Just breathe, Mom.”
I got up and went to the door, peered through the peephole. It was Max. Part of me was relieved but I felt a lot of other things, too. I’d run out on him. I had never done anything like that before. There was also this deep fear that I’d managed to push back. Was Philip still alive? I opened the door.
Max’s face grew even more concerned. “Erin!”
I struggled to focus on the air moving through my lungs. It was like a moment of unreality. I had to know. “How is Philip?”
He relaxed a little. “He will be in the hospital a few days. They had to wire a couple of his ribs and several bones in his face were broken.” He reached forward and caught me. “Erin, Yan was wrong to blame you. It was not your fault. You can’t control other people.”
“I did a lousy job of controlling myself today.” I had run away from my responsibilities. We had been trying to get new students and today the dojo had been down two instructors.
My mom came up behind me. “Erin, what is it? Is it Philip?”
I made introductions and mom invited Max in. “Let me put on some water for tea.”
Max looked around the bare rooms. We didn’t have much – on purpose. I offered him one of the folding chairs. “I’m sorry.” I struggled to control my voice. “I shouldn’t have run off like that. I know you were depending on me to take on new students today.”
Max took my hand. “Erin, that’s not even an issue. I closed the dojo today. Everyone understood. Susan called most of the students before they even left their homes and Ryan waited at the dojo for anyone who missed the call. I went down to the hospital to be with Philip’s foster parents. They were both very worried about him.”
“They would probably hate me.”
“Not at all.” He sighed. “I know it is a difficult issue but people are beginning to overcome it. To see the friendship developing between you and Philip, that is a wonderful thing.”
Mom brought cups, tea, and hot water to the table. “I thought he was a very nice young man.”
Max raised an eyebrow. “You have met him?”
She poured the water. “Yes. He walked Erin home last night. I was still at work so they came over. He’s very sweet. He even mopped the floor for Mr. Martinez.”
Max grinned. “That certainly sounds like Philip. From the first day he came to the dojo, he was always asking what he could do to help.”
I gave up my chair so mom could sit down. I pulled the trash bag out of the five gallon bucket, tied it up, and flipped the bucket over. It made a convenient stool. Mom started pulling bags out of the fridge. “Erin and I haven’t eaten since this morning. Can I interest you in some dinner, Max?”
“That’s very kind, thank you.” He looked over at me. I could tell he was concerned.
I watched the tea darkening the hot water in my cup. I wanted to say I was sorry over and over again but I knew it wouldn’t change anything.
Mom put some things into the oven to warm and sat down. “How long will Philip be in the hospital?”
“They aren’t sure yet. A few days at least. They had to wire his jaw so he won’t be able to eat regular food for about six weeks.”
“That’s horrible. Is anything being done about the people who attacked him?”
Max sipped his tea. “An officer took all the information but I don’t know beyond that.”
Mom shook her head. “What is this world coming to? It’s getting worse instead of better.”
I thought about the things Ms. Green had said in the Soc-Ec class. “There are too many people and not enough jobs. There’s an unequal balance of wealth in our society. That seems to be the root cause. We’re just seeing the effects.”
Max put his cup down. “That has been the case since people began living in cities thousands of years ago. I doubt it’s going to change. We can’t control something that big. We can only do our best to control how we react to it.”
He reminded me so much of Fusan at that moment. I got up and went to the pile of spilled pictures and found it. I brought it back to the table. “This is Fusan. He would have liked you.”
Max looked at the picture. “He was a Zen Buddhist monk.”
Mom frowned. “How can you tell?”
Max chuckled. “The sash he is wearing and the way he is standing. One of my teachers in Seattle was a monk. He was a very profound man, almost a hundred years old when I met him. He had seen so much of life.” Max glanced at the picture and smiled. “You were practicing Tai Chi with him. How old were you in this picture?”
My mom turned it over. “Three.”
Max laughed. “No wonder your form is so perfect. You’ve been practicing as long as I have.”
Mom grinned. “It took me a while to get used to the idea but I eventually just accepted it. No matter where we went, Erin always found somewhere to practice. I’m glad she found you.”
“I’m honored to have her as a Junior Master. She is an excellent instructor.” He hesitated. “I’m hoping you will come back.”
The arts were part of my life. It was like breathing. I did them without thinking about it. I couldn’t imagine not doing them. And I really liked Inyo Dojo. I liked Max and the other Junior Masters. But how would they feel about me now? “Do you think the others will want me back?”
Max’s face trembled a little. “Amy was beside herself when you ran off. We all were. She was mad at Yan. I think he realized that he’d made a mistake. I’m betting they will all want you to come back.”
Philip wouldn’t be there. That hurt. I had to take a really deep breath. “I don’t know where the hospital is but I’d like to visit Philip. If he wants to see me.”
“I can drive you over tomorrow evening. I’m certain he’ll want to see you.”
Mom reached across the table and took Max’s hand. “Thank you.” Tears were escaping the corners of her eyes. I felt like she was crying for me, too, because I couldn’t.
The timer beeped and mom took the food out of the oven. We ate in silence. After we’d finished, Max looked at his watch. “Thank you for your hospitality. It’s been a pleasure to finally meet you, Mrs. Dawson.”
She shook her head. “That sounds too formal. Just call me Claire. And I’m so glad you came. We were both worried about Philip.”
“If there is anything that I can do to help you and Erin, please don’t hesitate to ask. Erin has told me about your concerns. If you feel there is someone threatening you, please say something. That isn’t right.”
My mom scrunched up her face into something that ended up a sad sort of smile. “Thank you, Max.” I could hear the catch in her voice.
I walked with Max down to the outside door. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He grinned. “I’m glad to hear that. Good night, Erin.” He walked off toward his car.
I went back upstairs and helped mom tidy up. I took out the trash. When I came back in, mom handed me the envelope. “I’ve been saving these things for you. You should have them. I wrote on the backs of all the pictures so you would know where we were and who the other people in them were.”
I took the envelope and hugged her. “Thanks, Mom.” I put it in my backpack next to the folder of my school records.
She sighed. “We should probably get ready for bed.”
I hadn’t realized how late it was. It felt like the longest weekend of my life. I laid on my cot staring at the shadows on the ceiling for a long time after mom turned off the light. I finally convinced my brain to slow down enough to let me fall asleep.
In the morning, I pulled out Zu. He was one of the oldest sets that I had. The lines had begun to fade with the many washings. The fabric was getting thin in places. But I just couldn’t seem to give him up. He was a Sumerian chaos dragon. It felt appropriate. I kissed mom and headed out the door.
I had known from a glimpse out the window that it was foggy but I don’t think I’d ever experienced fog quite like this before. It was so thick you could even hear things before they were way too close. Drivers on the road were creeping along, fearful of hitting pedestrians or each other.
I was glad I had been paying attention to the small things the past couple of weeks or I might not have been able to find the school. As I got to the last turn, I could hear muffled voices ahead of me. I recognized two of them. It was Tony and David. I paused. They were talking to an older man. I could barely make out their forms in the fog ahead of me.
Tony sounded frustrated. “I’m doing the best I can.”
“You’re not focusing. What were you thinking going to that dojo this weekend?”
Tony scowled at David. “You told him?”
“Kind of, I mean, I wasn’t really thinking about it.”
“Oh, thanks so much.”
The man was annoyed. “Enough. I’m still waiting for some results.”
Tony gave an over exaggerated sigh. “I made a buy on Friday. It’s taken me forever to get that far.”
“It’s not good enough. Quick playing around. Stop focusing on the girl so much. You’re walking a fine line as it is.”
“She’s cool with it. It keeps Rita away and the boys think it cool. Scores me points. That’s what it takes to get me close to these guys.”
The man put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Where is your head supposed to be?”
“In the buy.”
“Good. I’m glad we have that understanding. What happened to the fights? I thought you two were using that strategy?”
David shrugged. “Erin kind of stopped them.”
“Exactly how involved is this girl? How much does she know?”
“Nothing.” Tony walked away and came back. “Look, if it weren’t for her, I would have been gutted like a fish on Friday. It would have been messy. She knows it’s an act. I don’t think she understands why.”
The man leaned closer to Tony. “And she better not. We have too much invested in this. I want the connection to those drugs. Are you hearing what I’m saying? Less with the girl. Go back to the fights. Get some results.” He handed both of them an envelope. “Here’s your allowance. Make it count.”
They waited until the man got in a car and drove away. Tony smacked David in the arm. “Why did you say something to him?”
“How was I supposed to know he was going to get bent out of shape?”
Tony growled. “Because he always gets bent over stupid shit?”
“Yeah. So, I have to go finish my homework for chemistry class. God, I hate that class.”
Tony snorted. “You’re the one who wanted to be the nerd.”
David sighed. “So we fight at lunch. Make it look good.”
“And what am I supposed to tell Erin? She made me promise not to bust your face.”
“Find an excuse.” David turned and was swallowed by the fog.
Tony stood there, kicking at the broken sidewalk and muttering to himself. I didn’t know what to do. The pieces had taken on a whole new dimension. They were buying drugs for someone else. I wondered about the man. Was he David’s father? I felt sorry for them. They looked trapped.
Tony finally looked at his watch, shrugged, and moved in the direction of the school. I’d been standing still long enough to gain a beaded coating on the surface of my rain coat. As I moved forward, tiny rivulets ran downward. Nature was crying for me because I couldn’t.
I found the school by the darker region in the fog. Kids were huddled under the overhangs, like they were clinging to the solid form of the building. Tony moved away from his buddies as I came up the last few steps. I felt my gut tighten. What was I going to do? I knew what he was doing was wrong but why was he doing it? I didn’t say anything to him as he jumped to open the door for me. I just kept going.
He caught up with me before I got to the stairs. “Erin, what’s up?”
The air seemed to stall in my lungs. Something clicked. “You’re buddy, Charlie, and his friends, almost killed Philip yesterday morning.” I kept walking.
He seemed to be struggling to make sense of what I’d said. “What? First of all, Charlie is not, never has been, or ever will be, one of my buddies. What happened?”
I stopped at my locker and stared at the stains. “They jumped him while he was headed for the bus. There were seven of them and they had baseball bats.”
Tony flopped against the lockers and closed his eyes. “Oh, shit. What shape is he in?” His voice was quiet.
“They broke bones in his face and smashed his ribs.” I grabbed a few books that had work I needed to finish.
“I’m sorry.” He took my hand. “I don’t know what that kid’s problem is.”
I was confused. Part of me wanted to pull my hand away but another part was glad he was holding it. What was wrong with me? I closed my locker and he put his arm around me and started walking toward the library. I felt lost. Was this all just an act to him?
He traced the designs on my jacket. “Which dragon is this?”
“Zu. He fits my mood today.”
Tony followed the head spikes over my shoulder. “He looks scary.”
“He’s a chaos dragon from Samaria.”
“I don’t know where that is but it must be a really chaotic place.”
“That’s probably why it doesn’t exist anymore. The remains are in modern day Palestine.” Mom had said my dad had died somewhere in the Middle East. Why was I suddenly thinking about that?
Tony stopped near the library door. “All of your dragons looks so serious or scary. Don’t you ever draw happy dragons?”
I hadn’t really thought about it. “I have a few.” He’d made a valid point. Most of my dragons were pretty fierce.
He leaned forward and his head rested against mine. The touch startled me. His eyes were mostly closed. “I know you have to go study.” He sighed. “I have to go see how much trouble the guys are getting in to. I’ll catch up with you at first bell.”
I glanced down the hall and saw the shadow at the corner. We were being watched. It was just for show. He was shorter that Philip. I could feel his breath on my face and gaged where his mouth was. I tilted my head upward and our lips met.
He went rigid and I could see white around most of his pupils. He broke the kiss. “What’s up with that?” His whisper barely moved his lips.
“Isn’t that what your audience expects?” He just stared at me. I pulled away. “I’ll see you later.” I went into the library and didn’t look back. I’m not sure I could have.
Emotions were rolling inside me. The touch of his lips had warmed me inside. Why was that? I didn’t feel for Tony the way I did for Philip. Why should the kiss make me feel the same way? It must be something biological. I had nothing else to compare it to. I moved to a quiet spot and tried to focus on my homework.
I got all the written work done then started on the reading assignment for Grapes of Wrath. The Joad family’s road trip toward California brought back bad memories, especially the death of the dog. I’d seen a dog hit on the road once. I’d begged my mom to stop so we could try to help it but she was afraid to. We were still too close to the place we were leaving. The death of Grandpa Joad was hard for me, too. I started wondering where my dad was buried.
The first bell rang and I gathered everything together. Tony was waiting outside the library. His face creased with concern when he saw me. “I wish I could do something to change that.”
“Do you really or are you just saying that?” I hadn’t meant it to come out so cold.
He put his arm around me and hugged me. He didn’t say anything. I glanced at him. His eyes looked glassy and his jaw was tight. We got to my locker and I left the books I didn’t need. The hall was packed and other kids were at their lockers, too. Tony stayed behind me like he was guarding me from something.
We walked to the science wing. I saw David up ahead of us disappearing into a different room. Tony still hadn’t said anything and I felt bad. I pivoted as we came up to the door. Tony was caught off guard. He stumbled forward. I reached out and caught him. We ended up in an embrace.
He looked down at me. “What is with you today? No, forget I asked that. It was a stupid question.” He leaned forward and hugged me. “I’m sorry. I never meant to hurt you.”
My throat felt tight. I backed up enough that I could see his face. “You stole my line.”
The bell rang. He looked ready to cry. “I’ll see you after class.” He let me go.
I turned and walked into the room. My emotions were spinning so fast I was dizzy. Mr. Yenny was at the front of the class room with some kind of apparatus. He was trying to connect wires. He turned and looked at the class then went to his desk. He sighed. “I left the papers in the office.” He looked at me. “Erin, you know where my desk is in the science office, right?” I nodded. “Could you please grab the papers and bring them here?”
I dropped my book on my desk. “Sure.” He wrote me out a hall pass and went back to fighting with his demonstration model and I went to the science office. The door was open but no one was there. I went to Mr. Yenny’s desk and grabbed the stack of papers.
As I turned around, something on a different desk caught my attention. There was a book open that had a two page spread of various chemical equations. I missed chemistry. It had been one of my favorite classes. I glanced at the equations and was startled. I looked at the heading in the margin. Analysis of Psychiatric Treatments. The complex chemicals were all drugs. I heard someone coming and hurried out of the room.
Mr. Yenny had gotten his contraption working by the time I returned. I handed him the stack of papers and took my seat. He handed them out. He’d liked my paper. The rest of class was spent talking about forms of alternative energy.
Tony walked with me to art class. He was quiet. He stopped before the short hallway that led to my classroom. He leaned close. “I know you don’t understand and I can’t explain it.” I tried to look away but he gently pulled my face back. “I’m trying not to do anything that hurts you. If you’re not okay with this anymore…” His voice had become thick.
Movement behind us caught my attention. I was surprised. It was the guy who had tried to knife Tony on Friday. I leaned even closer to him. “I think you might have trouble. Behind you to your right.”
His breath caught. He pulled me into a hug and twisted me slightly. He tensed. “Oh boy. Capital T even.” He looked down at me. “This guy is bad news.”
And he was headed in our direction way too fast. I forced myself to relax. When he was close enough, I pulled Tony toward me, hooked my leg around him, and brought my toe up into the guy’s groin. He hissed and doubled over.
Tony had planted his hands on either side of my head to keep his head from colliding with mine. His look of shock turned to barely controlled amusement. “Oh, I bet that hurt.” He hugged me. “I’ll take it from here. You better get to class.” The bell rung.
“Be careful.” I let him go. He turned and grabbed the guy by the shoulders and brought his knee up into the guy’s face. I was pretty sure, watching him go down, that he was out for the count. I hurried to the classroom.
I had to start a new angle today. I took a fresh sheet of paper and went to the next open seat at my table. Another student came in. She looked at me as she passed. “I think your boyfriend got in trouble. He clobbered somebody in the hallway and Tillman sent him to the office.”
“Oh boy. Thanks.”
She looked at me. “At least he’s cute. Is he good for anything else?”
I glanced toward Ms. Gilbert, who was headed in our direction. “I’m on my third drawing in this set. How about you?”
She grinned. “Me, too.” She went to her seat.
Ms. Gilbert stopped beside me but addressed everyone at the table. “Remember, this is a series. Consider how you are going to link these separate drawings into something that has meaning. How can you get them to tell some kind of story?” She moved to another table.
I studied the still life. There were things on this side that had only been in profile in the last drawing. I thought about the sad little dragon peering through the flowers in the last one. What was he looking for? I began blocking the large shapes, looking for where the dragon might be hiding. The handles of the vase were at different angles now. But one of the objects that had been mostly hidden from view on the two previous drawings was in the foreground now. It was an old rusted lantern.
I thought about how dragons were often depicted as breathing out fire. This lantern hadn’t been lit in a very long time. The wick was gone and the smoky glass had a crack down one side. I could almost see the dragon, with his tail curled around the base of the lantern, searching for the long gone fire.
Tony didn’t show up between second and third period. Kevin looked surprised. So did David. He looked at me. “Do you know where he is?”
“I think he got sent to the principal’s office.”
“Why?”
I went into the classroom. “Did he tell you about the guy Friday after school?”
“Yeah. What’s he got to do with it?”
“He came after Tony in the hall by the art rooms.”
David went pale. “Is he okay?”
“Besides getting in trouble, Tony’s fine. Not so sure about the other kid. He’s going to be singing a little higher for a few days and Tony mashed his face.”
David fell into his seat. “Shit.” He looked down at his book. “My dad’s gonna whoop his ass.”
I stared at him. “Your dad doesn’t care that he beats on you? Why should he care if it’s someone else?”
“It’s complicated.”
Mr. Craig came in and we had to stop talking. I glanced over at him occasionally. He looked nervous. The bell finally rang. We both hurried out of the classroom. There was no sign of Tony. I dropped my books in the locker and headed for the cafeteria. He wasn’t there either. I was getting a sinking feeling. I went to my corner.
David got his lunch and sat across from me. “Tell me what happened.”
Another boy walked over and stopped next to David. “All right, Jensen. What the hell happened this morning? That was the fourth time it didn’t work. If we screw it up one more time, we lose the points.”
David looked annoyed. “I have no clue what’s wrong with it. I measured everything to the milligram. I know we followed all the instructions. We were both watching the timer this time. It turned out the same way.”
I closed my lunch. I couldn’t eat anyway. “What are you two talking about?”
David looked at me. “Chemistry. Logan is my lab partner.”
The other boy looked at me and got scared. “Are you nuts, Davy? You got some kind of death wish? That’s your cousin’s girlfriend. Why are you sitting by her?”
I looked up at him. “He’s in my math class. Any other questions?” He looked ready to faint. He backed away and disappeared into the crowd. I looked over at David. “What were you working on in chemistry class?”
David sighed and dug a binder out of his backpack. “The teacher has this set of cards. Each one has a different chemistry equation and directions. We have to get the end result specified on the card to get the points. We only get five tries.” He passed me his notebook. “We’ve had really lousy luck so far and Logan is afraid he’s going to flunk.”
I took the notebook and looked at the ingredients, directions, and chemical equation. “You should end up with a dark brown powder, probably about 400 milligrams worth.”
David gasped. “But that’s what we got. The card said we should end up with 350 milligrams of a white powder.”
“Not happening. Not with these ingredients.” I started paging back through his notes. “You have very nice handwriting.”
“Thanks.” He stared at the food on his tray. “How did you do that? How did you know what the end result would be?”
“I had AP Chemistry my sophomore year, at like six different schools. I just got really good at it.” I paused on one of the pages that David had written FAILED in big letters across the top. The ingredients had caught my attention. I flipped back to the current one.
“Are you breathing?”
David’s question startled me. I looked up at him. “Oh man. I got a bad feeling.”
“Like you’re going to puke?”
“Not that kind. You got a pencil handy?” He handed me one. I tore a blank page from the back and wrote out the first equation then the second one. Then combined the two end products. My mouth felt like cotton. “It’s Fluphenazine.”
“Come again?”
I really did feel sick. I’d seen it in the open book that morning. It had been on the list. But why? “It’s a drug. It’s used to treat certain medical disorders.”
David looked stunned. “How do you know that?”
“There was a book on Dr. Marsh’s desk.”
“You mean Professor Marsh?”
“Mr. Yenny said he used to be a psychiatrist. He’s a doctor, or at least he was.”
David looked like he’d just seen the monster in a bad horror movie. He was struggling to breathe. “Oh shit.” He closed his eyes. I was afraid he was going to fall off the bench.
There was a commotion behind me and Tony pushed through the crowd. He climbed over the table and grabbed David by the shirt collar. “What do you think you’re doing? That’s my girl!”
I shoved the paper into my pocket and closed the binder. Tony had caught David off guard and David was struggling to get his balance. I jumped up and rushed around the table. “Tony, stop it!” I used a modified version of Kote-Gaeshi, an Aikido technique, to break his hold. But Tony wasn’t giving up. He tried to get past me. David was struggling to breathe. I could tell he wasn’t faking. I blocked Tony again and got in his face. “He’s not faking. Back off.” Tony looked surprised.
Teachers came rushing into the lunch room. One of them was Dr. Marsh. He looked shocked. He went to David’s side. “Mr. Jenson, can you hear me?”
Other kids had circled around to see the action. Rita pushed toward the front. She pointed at me. “She started it.”
Tony and David both looked confused. David held up his hands. “It was my fault. I started it.”
“Yeah, right. Since when? You never started anything in your life. That’s half your problem.” Tony was leaning against my arm. I decided not to let him fall.
Principal Granger came into the lunchroom. “What is going on here?”
Dr. Marsh looked bewildered. “I’m not really sure, sir. It seems to be between these three students.”
Principal Granger looked at us. His brows went up. “Mr. Burns! Didn’t you just get out of my office?”
“Uh, yup.”
He looked at David. “Here I thought you two were done fighting.” He looked at me. “And you’re in the middle of all of this.” He shook his head. “We will sort this out in my office. I’m certain you know the way, Mr. Burns.”
Tony slumped. “Yeah, as in permanently etched.” David and I grabbed our backpacks and followed Tony to the office. As we entered, Tony glanced at me. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to drag you into this.” David’s expression was unreadable.
Principal Granger came in and sat down at his desk. “Who would like to start?”
I wasn’t sure what to say. David raised his hand and the principal nodded at him. “It was a misunderstanding. Erin and I have the same math class. We were just talking about the assignment. I know she’s Tony’s girlfriend.” He looked over at Tony. “He should have more faith in her than that.” He made a strange face at Tony.
Principal Granger looked at me and shook his head. “I’m not even going to ask.” He looked at Tony. “And what do you have to say for yourself Mr. Burns?”
Tony looked upset. “I don’t really care what you think about me but don’t you dare put Erin down because of this. You were right. Davy and I had stopped fighting. It was because of Erin. She’d asked me not to.” He looked down. “I guess I was just frustrated. That other kid did attack me and I should have the right to defend myself.”
He sat quietly watching us. The bell rang. I could hear students rushing through the halls. He sighed. “Very well. I must admit, I hadn’t seen the two of you in a few days. That was a marked improvement on your record.” He looked at me. “Please excuse my earlier remark.”
“Yes, sir.” I looked over at David. His eyes went wide and he shook his head. I shrugged and looked at Tony. He just looked confused.
Principal Granger rose. “Since the bell has already rung, I will have Ms. Caston write out hall passes for you. I hope that I will not see you back in my office anytime soon.”
We followed him out. While Principal Granger spoke to the secretary David leaned close to Tony. “Erin found the source.”
I thought he was going to fall over. “What? Where?” His whispers were like short breaths.
Ms. Caston handed each of us a hall pass. I heard my name called and turned. Ms. Henning was coming down the hall. “I heard you were in the office. Come back to mine for a moment.”
Tony groaned. “I’m sorry I got you in so much trouble.”
I found his hand and squeezed it. “I’ll see you in Lit.” I followed Ms. Henning back to her office.
She pointed to the chair. “It actually saved me from having to pull you out of class.” She sat in her own chair. Her face was creased with worry. “I got a phone call from Mr. Utek at Lincoln.” All of my worries over Tony and David dropped into the background. I tensed. She opened a folder and pulled out a document. “He sent this to me. Someone by the name of Johnathan Harmond somehow got a court order to get your school records.” She handed me the form.
I stared at the signature. Where did I know that name from? I swallowed hard, dropped the page, and opened my backpack. My hands were shaking. I fought with the metal clasp on the envelope. It took me a moment to find it. I unfolded the marriage certificate. I looked at my mother’s parents’ names – Grace and Johnathan Harmond.
Ms. Henning touched my arm. I jumped. “Erin, what is it?”
The world felt like it was collapsing in on me, trying to suffocate me. I looked back at the form. It had been received by the school this morning. He knew where we were. “He’s my grandfather.”
“Is that an issue?”
A thousand questions began spinning around in my mind? Why had he been doing this to us? No. To my mom! It felt like something had wrapped around my chest and was squeezing. What had mom said? He’d wanted her to give me up for adoption. She obviously hadn’t done that. Was this retaliation? I looked at the time stamp. Nine in the morning. But that was Omaha time. I looked up at the clock. It was almost one. He’d had almost six hours. The realization was sinking in. “My mom could be in danger. I have to go!”
I shoved my things back into my backpack and ran out of her office. Ms. Henning looked startled. She called after me but I didn’t stop. I just kept going. The secretary looked up as I rush by. She tried to call me to wait. I needed a hall pass.
Tony was leaning against the wall a ways down the hallway but I ran out the door. I hit the sidewalk and ignored the light rain that was falling. I didn’t have time to stop and put on my rain coat. I knew mom should be at work by now so I headed for the diner. I heard my name and glanced back. Tony was running after me. I didn’t care.
I got to the corner and had to wait for the light. Tony caught up with me. We were both drenched. He sucked in air. He couldn’t even talk. I didn’t have time to explain. “I have to go. My mom could be in danger.” I didn’t wait. The light changed and I ran across the street. I could see someone standing not far from the entrance to the diner. He was wearing a long dark overcoat.
I was two shops away when mom ran out the front door of the diner. Someone was following her. She turned the other way, saw the man down the street, and tried to duck between a couple of parked cars. The man chasing her grabbed her arm. She kicked him. He lost his grip on her and she stumbled backwards. I was almost to her. I saw the bus at the last moment. I don’t think she did at all.

* * *
11
Time is really weird sometimes. I’ve heard people talk about their lives flashing before their eyes but for me everything slowed down. In that slow motion I saw everything happen. I saw my mom slip. I saw the bus driver’s face turn to shock. I heard the screech of the breaks and thud as the bus hit my mom. I saw the blood splatter upward across the windshield and the wipers, thrashing in the rain, spread it across. I heard people scream.
And then I felt arms around me and time seemed to snap back into normal pace. I almost fell. “Erin?” Tony’s voice cut through the haze.
“My mom.” I pulled away from him and ran toward her. The bus had swerved as the brakes slid unevenly on the wet pavement. It had hit a car parked across the street but the wheels had missed my mom. I knelt beside her, trying to remember everything I’d learned in first aid. She was still breathing but I could see the blood pooling around her.
I heard Tony’s voice. He was on a cell phone talking to a 911 operator. “We need a med unit and officers in the 2300 block of Pacific. We have a female patient who’s been hit by a bus. She’s critical.” He hit a button on the screen and handed me the phone. “Hold this.” He pulled a pair of thin blue gloves from an inner pocket of his jacket and snapped them on. He began carefully feeling my mom. “She’s got a pulse and she’s breathing.”
I could hear the sirens. Nothing made sense anymore. Tony was answering the questions someone over the phone was asking. This was no longer an obnoxious boy in school. He knew what he was doing.
An officer ran up to us. “Palmer, what have you got?”
“Female, late thirties, was in a struggle with some guy, pulled away and ended up in front of the bus.”
“Rescue and ambulance are in route.” The officer pointed at me. “Who’s she?”
“The lady’s daughter.”
I could hear the different sirens coming. The lights reflected off all the windows of the shops along the street. Paramedics with cases and bags came running. It was Philip all over again. Tony filled in one of them, stripped off his gloves, and pulled me away. I felt numb.
Tony put his arms around me. “Hang on, Erin. They’re doing everything they can.” All I could do was watch.
One of the men, the one who had been at the end of the street, came up to us. “Erin Dawson?”
Tony tensed. “Who the hell are you?”
The man pulled out some kind of official looking identification. “I’m a private investigator hired by Johnathan Harmond. I have a warrant to take Miss Dawson into custody.”
“I don’t give a rats ass who you think you are. At this moment, you’re an accessory to a possible homicide. And the only place that Erin is going is to the hospital with her mother.”
“That woman isn’t Miss Dawson’s mother.”
If Tony hadn’t been holding me, I would have flattened him right on the spot. “Easy, girl. Don’t kill him. Save him for the courts.” He whistled to get the officer’s attention. “O’Brian! This idiot was with the guy.”
The man looked startled. He started to back away. Tony grabbed his arm. “Oh no you don’t. The only place you’re going is to jail.”
The officer grabbed the man’s other arm. He tried to pull free. “I’m a private investigator. I have a warrant.” 
The officer shook his head. “Tell it to the judge.”
The medics had loaded my mom onto a wheeled stretcher. One of them called to Tony. He pulled me forward. “Let’s go.” We followed them and Tony helped me into the back of the ambulance. Someone outside shut the doors. 
I leaned into his arms. I felt so lost. I watched the medics struggling to keep my mother alive. I could hear doctors talking to them over a speaker. They were waiting for her at the hospital. When we got there, Tony jumped out right away and pulled me down. He kept his arms around me. We followed them inside as far as they would let us go.
A nurse stopped us. “Relationship to patient?”
Tony held something up to her. “This is her daughter.”
The nurse nodded and led us into a side room. There was a glass window. I could see them working on my mom. I pulled Tony right up to the window. I felt like I was in my bubble of stillness but for the first time in my life, I wasn’t alone in that bubble. Tony was there with me.
He hung on to me and buried his face on my shoulder. “Erin, I’m so sorry.” I realized there had been no slur in his voice. This was the real Tony, not the act.
Things began to get hectic in the room on the other side of the glass. I could tell something was wrong. The doctors and nurses were moving even faster. Tony looked up. I heard the catch in his breath. “What is it?”
He hugged me tighter. “Those monitors over there. That’s your mom’s vitals. When they are blinking like that, it’s not a good thing.”
“I’ve never actually been in a hospital before.” I wondered if this was the same hospital where Philip was. Tacoma seemed like a big city to me. There could be more than one. Max had promised to take me there tonight. I thought about Max. I didn’t even know his phone number.
The activity in the other room seemed to stop. Everyone just stood there for a moment. I looked at the monitors. There were lines going across them. The doctors and nurses started to leave the room. Tony was shaking. I realized he was crying.
One of the doctors came in to our room. “I understand you’re the daughter?”
“Yes.”
“I’m very sorry. We did everything we could. Her injuries were just too severe.” He paused a moment. “If you need to speak with a Chaplain or a grief counselor, we have resources available.”
It sunk in. Mom was dead. I shook my head. “Thank you for trying.” I didn’t know what else to say. The doctor nodded, turned, and walked away.
I felt empty. Tony was sobbing quietly on my shoulder. I didn’t know what else to do. I turned and held him. He pulled me close. “I’m so sorry, Erin. Did I do something that endangered you?”
“No. This doesn’t have anything to do with you, or any of the crazy stuff at school. It’s my own crazy stuff that I’ve been fighting with most of my life. And he finally won.”
Tony pulled back and looked at me. “Who did?”
“My grandfather. The man who hired that private investigator.”
“Why did that man think she wasn’t your real mother?”
“I don’t know. I have my birth certificate. Her name is on it. So is my dad’s.”
“Where is he?”
“He was in the army. He was killed in a battle before I was born.”
Tony pulled me close. “Oh man. I’ve got to find some help for you.” His pocket began to vibrate. He pulled out his phone and looked at the screen. He groaned. He hit a button. “Before you even say anything…”
“Where the hell are you? Anderson said you took off after Erin and left school.” It was David’s voice.
Tony sighed. “Yeah. We’re at the hospital.”
“Why?”
“Because Erin’s mom just died.”
There was a hiss. “Holy shit. Is she okay?”
“Well, considering she’s standing right next to me and can hear you, you pretty much just asked her.”
“Oh.”
Tony looked at me. “Got any words for the nerd without brains?”
“I don’t know what to do.”
Tony’s look softened. He sighed and hugged me. “I need to help her get all this sorted out and then I need to help O’Brian with the paperwork because I was first on scene.”
David gasped. “What? Was there an incident?”
Tony looked at his phone. “Next time I get to be the nerd. Sometimes you’re dumber than a rock.”
“Yeah, well it just so happens Erin is smarter than both of us. She figured out the source.”
Tony got an odd look. “I vaguely remember you mentioning that. Who is it?”
I could hear David’s sigh. “The chemistry class, only they don’t know it.”
Tony looked like he was choking on something. “Do you mean your chemistry class?” David didn’t say anything. Tony started to snicker. “The captain is going to fry you.”
A lady in a dress suit was headed in our direction. I tapped on Tony’s arm and pointed at her.
He nodded. “Look, I got to go. We’ll exchange notes later.” He looked at me. “Hey, do you think Diana would take a case?”
“For what?”
“I think Erin is going to need some help.”
“Why?”
Tony looked at the official looking lady. “Just ask her. Tell you later. Bye.” He put his phone back in his pocket.
The woman looked around the room. “I was told there was an officer here with the deceased daughter.”
Tony inhaled sharply. He frowned and pulled something out of his pocket. “That would be me.”
All of the puzzle pieces suddenly fit into place. The picture finally made sense. The man I’d seen in the fog was probably their captain. A whole new set of emotions plowed through me. That’s why he couldn’t tell me what was going on.
The woman said my name. It startled me. She had a sad smile on her face. “I’m very sorry for your loss, Miss Dawson. This is a very difficult time. Did your mother have any life insurance?”
“I have no idea. She didn’t even have a bank account. Her employers paid her in cash and that’s how she paid all the bills.”
“Do you know if your mother had any assets?”
I wanted to laugh. “We have a car but that’s it. I’m not even sure what state it’s registered in. We moved around a lot.” But that wasn’t going to happen anymore. A new kind of uncertainty hit me. I didn’t have a paying job. How was I going to pay the rent on the apartment? And what about the car? I didn’t have a driver’s license. What was I going to do? I started to shake.
Tony grabbed me. “Whoa, there. This is no time to be testing gravity.”
The woman gasped. She called for a doctor.
Time seemed to shift again. This time it sped up. Before I really realized what was happening, I was in one of the beds and had an IV stuck in my arm. Time snapped back to normal. Tony was sitting next to me, holding my hand. The doctor shone a bright light in my eyes and I blinked.
“Her pupils are responding. Erin, can you hear me?”
“Yes.”
“Good. When was the last time you ate?”
“I ate at breakfast. I never had a chance to eat lunch.”
Tony groaned. “Because Davy started talking to you and you don’t eat and talk at the same time. I’m going to smack him.”
The doctor wrote something on a chart. “I’m going to have some dinner brought in for you and we’ll see how you’re doing. If we can get your blood sugar up, I’ll release you. Otherwise, you’re going to spend the night with us.” He walked out.
“Dinner?” I looked around for a clock. “What time is it?”
Tony looked at his watch. “Almost six.”
“Oh no. I’m way late for work.”
“Erin, considering everything, I think your boss will understand.”
“I can’t even call him.” Tony pulled out his phone. I shook my head. “I don’t know the number.”
He frowned, reached into his pocket, and pulled out a piece of paper. “It just so happens that I do.” He held up the coupon that Max had given him. He handed both of them to me.
I dialed the number. It rang a couple of times and Ryan answered. “Hey Ryan. It’s Erin. I know Max is still in class but…”
“Hang on, Erin.” I could hear him running. Max’s voice got louder. He was calling out moves to his class. He called them to pause. “It’s Erin.”
“Will you take over the class for me, please? Erin? Where are you?”
I looked around. “I’m in a hospital.” Tony held up a document and pointed to a name. “Tacoma General.”
Max gasped. “What happened?”
I suddenly couldn’t talk. It was like someone had grabbed me around the throat and blocked off everything. I could hear Max calling my name but just couldn’t do anything.
Tony took the phone and touched my face. “Hey, breathe!”
Some alarm started to go off. Things started to feel distant. I heard Tony talking to Max. He got out the way as the room filled with nurses and doctors. I felt like I was sinking. One of the nurses tried to push Tony out of the room but the doctor told her to let him stay. Tony thanked him and came to my side. “Hang on, Erin.” He touched my face.
I focused on him. The sounds in the room took on a strange quality. I heard the doctor say he’d given me something to relax my muscles. The tightness in my neck loosened and the air began to flow without restriction. People began to relax. Tony leaned over and kissed my forehead. I closed my eyes.
I heard voices and opened them again. Tony, David, and the man I’d seen in the fog were talking quietly at the end of my bed. David was explaining what we’d discovered to him.
The man looked like he didn’t believe it. “Are you trying to tell me that the chemistry teacher is the source?”
David handed him the notebook. “This is all of them. I managed to talk to all the kids in my chemistry class. I wasn’t the only one taking notes. Have a chemist look at them. Erin said two of them made some drug that was used to treat mental disorders. And she was right. I got a look in the office. He’s got a bunch of certificates hanging on the wall over his desk.”
“Nick, I’m going to need more than that to convince the court to issue a warrant for a science teacher. You’re going to have to give me solid proof. You know that.” He looked over at me. “And what about the girl?”
Tony growled quietly. “Her name is Erin.” He looked over at David. “Did you talk to your sister?”
“She wants to know what’s going on before she takes the case.”
The other man crossed his arms. “I’d also like to know what’s going on.”
“A couple of bozos, at least one claiming to be a PI, went after her mom. She tried to get away from one and ended up getting hit by a bus. She died a few hours ago. But while we’re on the scene, this so called PI comes up and claims he’s got a warrant to take custody of Erin and tries to tell her that her mom isn’t her mom.”
David shook his head. “What? You lost me somewhere.”
“Trust me, Erin was just as confused. I don’t know all the details. I know that Erin and her mom moved around a lot. My guess is the guy who hired the PI has been dogging them for a long time.”
“Why did Ms. Henning call her back?”
“I don’t know.” I wiggled my toes. Tony grinned and captured them in his hand. “But I think the person who could answer some of these questions is awake. Just be gentle. She’s had a rough day.”
The man looked at me. “Then why don’t you do the asking?”
Tony came to a chair by the side of the bed and sat down. “You back from the land of the lost?”
“I’m still lost but I seem to be back.”
He chuckled. “Good to hear that. By the way, Max is here. But you were out of it. He went up to see Philip. He’ll be back down in a bit.” He glanced over his shoulder. “For Pete’s sake, she doesn’t bite.”
David grinned and came to the other side of the bed. I could see a badge clipped to his belt. He perched on the side of the bed. “Hey, Erin. Sorry about your mom.”
I couldn’t help but remember the chapter I’d read for Grapes of Wrath. “Thanks.”
Tony pointed at the other man who had come a little closer but still stood with his arms crossed. “And this is our captain, Henry Pierson.” The man nodded. He was wearing a light jacket but I caught the glint of metal on his belt, too.
“I know you must have a lot of questions. Tony, do you know what they did with my backpack?”
He looked around. “I’m betting it’s in the big white bag in the corner. I’ll grab it for you.”
“I just need the large envelope from the back pocket.”
“I can do that.” He brought it over and handed it to me.
“I’ve learned to carry certain things with me all the time. Especially important things. I also have all my transcripts in that red folder that was next to this if you need further proof.” I opened the envelope and let the contents slide out. I picked the documents out of the pictures. “Here is my parents’ marriage license and my birth certificate.”
Tony took them. “Oh, look at that cute little foot. Wow. You were born in Vegas.”
David leaned over. “Can I see that?” Tony handed it to him. He pulled something out of his pocket and opened it. It was a jeweler’s lens. “Good lines. Erin, can I look at your foot?”
“I guess.”
Tony grinned. “This little piggy went to market. Just kidding. Nick has taken classes in forensics. He’s pretty good with prints.”
I was a little confused. “Nick?”
David pulled the blanket back over my foot. “Yup. That’s my real name. Nick Kinslow. But I don’t mind if you call me Davy or David. Half the people I work with do.”
I looked over at Tony. He sighed. “Alexander Palmer but I’d much rather you called me Tony. Just about everybody calls me Tony.” He looked over at David. “And what did the piggies say?”
“It’s a match.”
Tony sighed. “Good. One less battle.” He started looking through the pictures. “You sure were a cute baby.”
I pulled out some of the other things that weren’t pictures and glanced at them. “Here’s the car registration. I don’t know if my mom meant to give that to me or not. And here’s a list of names and addresses. I recognize a few of them. I think these are all past employers.”
“That’s useful. Between that and your school transcripts, you’ll be able to pull together a history.”
I unfolded a piece of old looking paper. It was a letter. I glanced over it. “This is from my dad.” I could feel the tightness threatening again. I closed my eyes and tried to focus on my breath.
Tony took my hand. “Hey, there, girl. What’s going on?”
I gave him the letter. “My dad knew about me. He was going to try to get leave so he could be there when I was born.”
The captain shifted. “Your father was in the military?”
Tony held the letter up so the captain could see it. “He was an E-3, PFC.”
“That’s Private First Class.” He took the letter and copied some information down in a notebook. “I have a friend in Vet-Admin. I’ll see if I can get his record.”
“Mom said he died in a battle. A chaplain came to tell her.”
The captain looked sad. “How old were you?”
“I wasn’t even born yet. Mom said my grandfather had come with him. He’d wanted my mom to move back home. She said he had wanted her to give me up for adoption so she could get her life back together. She said no and left. I don’t know that much about it. Only the little she told me.” I was struggling again.
Tony took my hand. “Remember that breathing thing? It’s really important and your lungs get mad at you if you don’t do it.”
David looked concerned. “Erin, are we stressing you? If we are, don’t be afraid to say so.”
I took a couple of deep breaths. “I’m okay. I don’t understand what’s going on. I’ve never had this problem before.”
David took my other hand. “Considering everything that’s happened, the traumatic shock…”
Tony scowled. “Added to the fact you didn’t let her eat lunch.”
“Huh?”
“Half of your problem, Nick, is that you don’t pay attention. Erin doesn’t eat and talk at the same time. I noticed that from the first day I sat down with her. If you’re talking to her, she puts her food away until you’re done.”
David looked at me. “I had no idea. I’m so sorry. You should have said something.”
“I’m not sure I could have eaten much anyway.” I squeezed Tony’s hand. “I was worried when you didn’t show up.”
Tony got an odd look. He glanced back at the captain. “Did anything come in on him?”
The captain sighed. “Fighting is points against him with his parole officer.”
“How nice.” He turned back to me. “That’s the second time you saved me from getting clobbered by that idiot.”
The captain’s forehead wrinkled. “How is it, Miss Dawson, that you come to be such a good fighter?”
“I think I can answer that.” Max walked in. I was relieved. He looked at me. “Are you up to this party?”
“Tony is being my watchdog.” I remembered what Tony had said. “How is Philip?”
“He’s doing better. I haven’t said anything to him yet about you being here. He’s in no condition to be moving around yet but if he knew about this, that wouldn’t matter.”
The captain and David both looked confused. Tony filled them in with a few extra comments from me and Max. Captain Pierson shook his head. “I’ll see if I can find out who’s handling that investigation.”
The doctor came in. He was carrying a tray. “Could you pull that rolling table out of the corner, please? Are you feeling up to something solid, Erin?”
“I think so.” Tony pulled the table over and the doctor put a tray on it. “You’re going to spend the night with us tonight. I’m moving you upstairs to a room. Your numbers are still too low.”
David got out of the doctor’s way. He glanced at Tony. “We should get out of here and let Erin get some rest. We have to be back at Hamilton tomorrow.”
Tony frowned. “What am I going to tell people?”
The captain didn’t look happy. “Social services has the case file. I’m not sure which social worker is going to be handling her case. I doubt she’ll be going to school tomorrow.”
Tony’s face wrinkled. “Erin, what do you want me to say?”
I thought about it. The truth seemed too bizarre. “Just tell them I found out something was wrong with my mom and she died. That’s pretty much the truth. I don’t think anyone else needs the details.”
“Okay.” He pulled something out of an inner pocket of his jacket. “This is my card. It has my cell phone number on it. I check my messages at least once an hour. If something comes up before the end of school tomorrow, give me a call.” He squeezed my hand. “We’ll manage somehow.”
David was chewing on his bottom lip. “Erin, what book were the chemical equations in?”
I had to think about it for a moment. “I think it was Analysis of Psychiatric Treatments. It should be on the shelf above his desk.”
The captain shook his head. “We need more than a book to prove that the teacher is actually making the drugs. There is still the issue of how the students are getting them.”
David headed for the door. “Hey, at least we know where to start looking now.” He winked at me and left. The captain followed him out.
Tony waited until they were out of sight. He tapped the tray of food. “Don’t forget, this has a dinner date with your tummy.” He leaned over and kissed my forehead. “I’ll miss you tomorrow.” His whisper made me shiver. He jogged to catch up with the others.
Max sat in the chair and pointed at the tray. “I’ll wait. You eat.”
I managed to get some of it down. A couple of nurses came in after I’d given up. They moved me up to a room on the fourth floor. Max followed the procession. Once I was installed and a set of vitals taken, the nurses left us alone.
Max perched on the side of my bed. “I was surprised when Tony told me he was an undercover officer.”
“At least everything makes sense now. Tony and David, anyway. I just can’t imagine why a chemistry teacher would want to make drugs.”
“Money is a powerful master. It makes people do strange things. Drugs are a commodity. Some of them are so valuable that people take incredible risks to make and sell them.”
I had always avoided that crowd so I didn’t know much about it. Drug use went against Fusan’s primary rule – do no harm to yourself. I had never even been tempted. “I just don’t understand why people take drugs like that. It’s one thing if you’re sick and you need them to get better.”
Max looked down. “People take recreational drugs for a lot of different reasons. None of them are truly justified. Some do it to fit in with their crowd. Others do it to escape from reality. Some believe that the drugs help reduce stress.”
His tone puzzled me. “Max?”
He didn’t look at me. “I used to be stupid. My older brother gave me some and I thought the feeling was a good thing. It helped me unwind at the end of the day. But I discovered much later the damage I had done to myself. Drugs damage the body.” He was quiet for a moment. “I learned the lesson in time. My brother didn’t.” His breath was ragged.
I touched his arm. “I’m sorry.”
Max patted my hand. “It is past. There’s nothing I can do about it other than learn from my brother’s loss.”
There was a knock on the door and a man entered. Max and I both looked at him. He was middle aged and dressed in a suit. He carried a briefcase. He had some papers in his hand. “Erin Dawson?”
“Yes?”
He looked at Max. “You’ll have to excuse us. Miss Dawson and I have some legal business to attend to.”
I tightened my grip on Max’s arm. “I’d rather he stayed.”
The man put on glasses. When he looked at me through them his eyes looked the wrong size on his face. “Miss Dawson. You are a legal minor. These papers are legal documents. There are privacy issues.”
Max patted my hand and glanced at his watch. “It’s getting late anyway. Susan is probably wondering where I am.” He pulled out a card from his wallet. “This has all of my numbers on it. Use the mobile number. I’ll keep my cell with me.” He pulled away, nodded to the man, and left the room.
I felt lost. I looked over at the man. “Who are you?”
“I am Kenneth Hart, Attorney at Law. I need you to sign these papers, please.” He handed them to me along with a pen. I began reading the papers, trying to decode the real meaning hidden by all the legal jargon. “Miss Dawson, it’s late. If you could just sign the papers?”
“No.” The guy was making me nervous. “I don’t sign things without reading them first.” He sighed heavily but I ignored him. This seemed overly wordy and I was trying to figure out what it was actually for. A name jumped out at me. Johnathan Harmond. The breath caught in my throat. He was trying to get me to acknowledge his claim of guardianship. “I’m not signing these.” I pushed them back.
He frowned. “Miss Dawson…”
“I want nothing to do with my grandfather. My mother is dead because of him.”
His face drew tight. “Claire Harmond was not your mother. Your parents are Rachel and Thomas Gordon. Claire stole you from a hospital after her child was delivered stillborn.”
I stared at him. “I have proof that she’s my mother. Where’s your proof that she’s not?”
I saw the twitch in his cheek. “You may have some forged documents but…”
I pressed the call button. The nurse came to the door. I pointed at the man. “This guy is harassing me. Could you please have someone show him the door?” He tried to argue. I put up my hand. “I’m assuming you have a card. I’ll give it to my lawyer.”
His eyes went wide. I only hoped that David’s sister was willing to actually be my lawyer. He dug into his briefcase and pulled one out. An officer had appeared at the door. The man picked up the papers, shoved them into his briefcase, and reluctantly followed the officer out.
The nurse came in. “Are you okay?”
The question seemed ridiculous under the circumstances. I had just lost my mom, I had no clue what was going to happen to me without her, and now the man responsible for her death was trying to take custody of me on false pretenses. I looked at the nurse. “I don’t know.”
She checked my IV tubing. “Do you want something else to eat? The doctor put a note on your file to offer food frequently.”
“Do you have any hot tea?”
She smiled. “I think I can come up with some. I don’t get that request from too many kids your age. They usually want soda.” She left the room.
I closed my eyes and listened to different sounds, monitors beeping, a quiet drone of distant voices, some of them from televisions, and the soft footsteps of people in the hall. The nurse brought the tea. I drank it and finally managed to fall asleep.
I woke every time the nurses came in to check on me. I finally gave up as the morning shift came on. A nurse came in, noticed I was awake, and introduced herself as Margaret. She brought me a tray of food – oatmeal and fresh fruit. I ate it. The doctor was happy to see that and my numbers were back to where they should be.
A tired looking older woman came into my room shortly after eight in the morning. “I’m Debra Parker. I’ll be your social worker.” She sat down in the chair next to my bed and opened a file. “Dr. Leski says he’ll release you this morning.” She wasn’t looking at me. Her fingers flipped through the pages in the folder. “Do you have any other living relatives?”
I figured I might as well get it over with. “Only the one that was responsible for my mother’s death. I don’t exactly want to be with him.”
She looked up quickly. “Excuse me? Is there an active investigation going on?”
“I think Captain Pierson was going to try to contact you.”
She looked down at her files. “I don’t seem to have anything from him.” She pulled out her phone and called someone. She had to leave her number. “Well, the best I can do is place you in foster care until everything gets sorted out. According to the information I’ve got, you attend Hamilton High School. There’s a foster service that sends students there. I’ll see if they have a space for you.” She went back to her phone.
I laid there staring at the ceiling. The doctor came in and did a final check. He dropped his voice so he didn’t interrupt her. “Everything looks good. Remember to eat regular meals and drink plenty of water. I’ll have the nurse come in and remove the IV. Good luck, Erin.” 
I had been released from my tether of tubing by the time she had finished her call. Margaret came back in. “I’m not sure what to do about clothes for you. Yours were covered in blood and had to be destroyed. Sorry about that.”
I was sad for the loss of Zu. He’d been with me for quite a while but such was life. “Do you have a free box or lost unclaimed items?”
“I’ll see what I can find.” She brought the white bag over. “At least your backpack survived.” She went out.
Ms. Parker looked even more tired. “Well, it’s a bed. I wish I could say there were other options but the waiting list is pretty long. Are you going to get dressed?”
“My clothes were tossed because of the blood. Margaret is looking to see if they have anything that might fit me. All of my other clothes are at the apartment.”
She looked at a paper. “It’s on the way. We can stop there and pick them up.”
Margaret returned with a pair of jeans, a sweat shirt, and some underwear. “This should at least get you home. Take care now.”
I got dressed in the bathroom. Ms. Parker was on the phone again. She didn’t look happy. I waited until she ended the call. “So the officer on the case is Officer Chuck O’Brian. And we have a problem. Your apartment is a crime scene. Someone broke in and apparently went through everything.”
I pulled my backpack closer. Could they have been looking for the envelope? “Can’t they give me my clothes?”
“Not until the case is closed and that could be a while. Our department has a small emergency fund but it’s not much.”
“I’m used to getting clothes from free boxes. Sometimes missions or churches have those.”
One of her eyebrows rose slightly. “Okay. I think I know where there is one. We can stop off at a store and at least buy you some clean under garments. I wouldn’t get those from a free box.” I could hear the disgust in her voice.
I followed her out of the hospital and to her car. We went to a nearby church where a kind lady let me look through a box of donated clothes. Ms. Parker took me to a store and allowed me to get five pairs of underwear and bras, and some socks. Somehow my shoes had been spared.
We ended up at a three story brick building that looked older than most of the others in the area. I had seen a few familiar landmarks so I had a pretty good idea of where we were. It was about 6 blocks from the dojo and then a couple more to school.
She led me inside and an older woman in too tight clothes met us in the front hall. “Katherine, this is the young lady I spoke to you about.”
The woman’s face puckered. “How long? I’m busting at the seams.”
Ms. Parker shrugged. “Sounds like it’s going to end up in court.”
The other woman shook her head. “Never a good thing. You said she was seventeen. When is her release date?”
Ms. Parker looked at the papers in the folder. “April 29th.”
The other woman led us through the building toward the back. She opened a door into a room filled with bunk beds. We walked down the row. She pointed to one that was just a mattress. “I’ll have to get sheets from the laundry for you. What’s the name?”
Ms. Parker handed her some of the papers. “Erin Dawson. She was just released from the hospital. This is the doctor’s recommendations.”
She glanced at them. “Doctors are just great for things like that. I’ll see what I can do. All the kids are in the meal programs at school. They get whatever the school feeds for breakfast and lunch on school days. We can’t exactly afford special dietary needs here. The state doesn’t give us that kind of budget.” She looked at the pages closer. “She goes to Hamilton High School.”
I cleared my throat. “I have a job that I go to after school and on weekends. My boss provides meals so you won’t have to worry about that.”
Both of them turned and looked at me. Ms. Parker looked confused. “You have an income?”
“I work in exchange for advanced classes because I can’t afford them. Many of the Junior Masters do.”
Ms. Parker frowned. “Where do you work?”
“Inyo Dojo. It’s about six blocks from here. I can walk it. It won’t be a problem.”
Ms. Parker pulled out a pen. “Who’s your boss?” I gave her all the information. “I’ll have to have him fill out some paperwork.”
The other woman had an odd look on her face. “Why would you bother with a job that doesn’t pay you any money?”
I had been asked this question before. “In this field, to get a job that pays money you need to have extensive skills and many hours of experience. Most people who become instructors spend a lot of money to obtain that. I don’t have the money so I exchange teaching time with younger or less experienced students for the advanced classes that I need to get my certificate to teach.”
The woman huffed. “Sounds like an excuse to goof off to me.” She looked at her watch. “It’s only a little after eleven. Why don’t you drop her at school?” She pointed at a box under the bed. “You can put your clothes in there. I’ll have bedding for you tonight.”
I put the clothes inside and followed Ms. Parker back out to her car. She drove to the school and escorted me into the office. 
Ms. Henning came out as Ms. Parker was trying to explain things to the secretary. She gasped. “Erin! Are you okay?”
I felt naked. There was no comfortable dragon wrapped around me. It had been a long time since I’d been without one. I almost wanted to go and slip into my leotard. I struggled for something to say. “My mom died.”
Her hand went to her mouth. “What in the world are you doing here?”
I shrugged. “I don’t have anywhere else to be. The lady at the foster home said I had to go to school.”
“Oh my god. That is so insensitive.”
Ms. Parker introduced herself and started to explain things. I looked at the clock. It was halfway through lunch. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to get lunch but I promised the doctor I would eat.”
Ms. Parker sighed heavily. “Yes, of course. Could you please issue Erin a food services card? She’ll be on the full state plan.”
I was given a card and the secretary wrote me out a hall pass. I went to the cafeteria. I had seen the things that passed for food and I wasn’t looking forward to it. I walked in and glanced at my corner. No one was sitting there. Most of the other kids had already left the lunch room. I went up and got a tray. I managed to find a few things that at least looked edible. I showed the lady my card and went to my seat. I started to eat.
Arms wrapped around me. “Erin? What happened to you? You’re dragonless! What are you doing here?”
I leaned into Tony’s chest, more relieved than I’d ever been before. “It’s a long story that we probably shouldn’t be talking about here.”
He hugged me. “I didn’t really want to leave you last night. I was worried.”
I looked at my tray. Tony slapped his hand over his mouth but I pulled it away. “I don’t think I can eat anymore of this anyway.” I’d actually eaten most of it.
Tony looked at his watch. “Did you drink all your milk?” I shook the empty carton. He grinned. “Somewhere out there is a cow thanking you.”
I looked at my watch. “The bell is going to ring soon. I have to get books from my locker.”
He stood up. “May I deposit your tray, my lady?”
I knew he was trying to be funny but I just couldn’t smile. I felt empty. He took my tray and dropped it in the rack as we walked out the door. He put his arm around me and guided me toward my locker. “So, what did you tell everyone?”
“Just what you said. You ran out because you were told something was wrong with your mom and that she died. It’s all over the school. Kind of creepy how fast gossip flies around this place.”
I got to my locker. There was something jammed in the door. I pulled it out and found a folded piece of paper. It was a note from Rebecca saying how sorry she was. I folded it back up and shoved it in my pocket. I pulled out the Soc-Ec textbook. “I don’t have my homework done.”
Tony rubbed my back. “I bet the teacher will forgive you.” I closed my locker and he pulled me toward the classroom. 
Rita dissolved out of the crowd in the hallway and stopped right in front of me. “I heard your mommy died. With a kid like you, she probably killed herself.”
I heard Tony’s gasp, and other kids around us make negative comments. I felt something inside me coming apart. My face began to burn and my eyes blurred. I struggled to breathe. I turned in Tony’s arms and fell into his chest. My body shook. I realized I was crying.

* * *
12
Everything became a blur around me. I felt Tony pick me up. The other kids moved around us, crashing waves rolling by. I heard adult voices and realized we were in the office. Tony put me down on a bed. I was disoriented.
“Erin, can you hear me?” Fear resonated in Tony’s voice. He was struggling to slur his words.
Another person was in the room with us. “Mr. Burns, why don’t you go back to class?” Her voice sounded strict.
“I’m not leaving her. I knew she shouldn’t have come back to school yet. She just got out of the hospital this morning.”
“That decision is up to her parents.”
“She ain’t got none no more. Her mom died yesterday.”
The woman gasped. “Good heavens!”
I could feel Tony’s breath on my face. I blinked and the tears cascaded downward. I felt like I was drowning. Tony’s fingers gently pushed them away. “Come on, Erin. Just talk to me.” His voice was soft and quiet.
I felt out of control. My body was shaking. I captured his hand with mine, searching for something to grab hold of. “I don’t know what to do.” My voice cracked. I had never felt so lost before in my life.
Tony enclosed me in his arms. It was like having a living dragon wrapped around me. “Just breathe. You got to keep doing that.”
The woman came back. “I have a doctor from the hospital on the phone. He wants to know if she’s eaten anything.”
“She had a little lunch. Not very much. She didn’t have much time because she got here half way through the lunch period.”
I blinked enough tears out of my eyes to see the school nurse standing in the doorway with a phone receiver in her hand. “Yes, I understand. Thank you, Doctor.” She hung up the phone. “I’m going down to the kitchen to get some food. Here’s a bottle of water. See if you can get her to drink it.” She handed the bottle to Tony and disappeared.
Tony opened the bottle and held it to my lips. “Little sips.” He kept his arms around me.
I managed to drink almost half the bottle by the time the nurse returned. She had a container of yogurt and one of applesauce. She handed them to Tony with a spoon. Another student came in. She left to take care of him.
Tony opened the yogurt. “Look at this, the good stuff. This is what the breakfast kids get.” He read the label. “Protein is just what you need.” He loaded the spoon.
I managed to take it from him. I finished off the yogurt and was working on the applesauce when the nurse returned. “Doing better?”
I put the spoon down. “Yes, ma’am.”
She came over, took my pulse and blood pressure, and frowned. “Still low. Finish off that applesauce and water.”
Another student appeared at the door. I recognized him from somewhere but couldn’t place him. He looked like he was in pain. “I’m sorry, Nurse Kern. This headache is still bothering me.”
She seemed to study him for a moment. She reached into her pocket, pulled out a couple of small bottles, and selected one. “Just a moment, Henry. I’ll give you another aspirin.” She went into the hall and pulled a bottle of water from a case and handed it to him. She tapped a small blue pill out of the bottle into his hand. He popped it into his mouth and chugged down the water. She nodded at him. “Hopefully that will take care of it.” She moved toward her desk and the boy left.
A lump formed in my throat. I looked up at Tony. “They shouldn’t be doing that. Rebecca was given so much aspirin that it made her dangerously ill. She ended up in the hospital.”
Tony frowned. “School nurses always do that.”
He made me finish off my applesauce and water. I kept thinking about the boy, trying to remember where I’d seen him. The nurse came back in and checked my vitals. “That’s better. You should be good to go back to class.” She looked at the clock. “The period is almost over. When the bell rings, go to your next class.”
“Thank you, ma’am.”
She managed a tight smile and went back to her desk. Tony helped me sit up straight. “At least I’ll be able to look after you.”
I sighed. “I didn’t get the reading done.”
“That makes two of us.” The bell rang and he helped me up. “Maybe Professor Linton will go easy on us because we weren’t in class yesterday.”
As we were moving through the office, Principal Granger called to Tony. I didn’t want him to get in trouble because of me. The principal cleared his throat. “Well done, Mr. Burns. Nurse Kern told me what happened.” He glanced at me. “I’m sorry to hear about your mother. If any other students give you a hard time, let me know.”
Tony led me out of the office. He looked as surprised as I felt. “If this keeps up I’m going to lose my bad-boy reputation.” He grinned at me. “You should be a parole officer or something.”
“You’re kidding, right?” That really wasn’t the direction I wanted to go.
Some of his buddies came up around us. Tony shot them a warning look. “If you even say anything mean to her, I’m gonna pound your face.”
They all backed off a step. The one beside him held up his hands. “Wouldn’t dream of it!”
They tagged along with us until we got to my locker. I grabbed my books and we headed for Tony’s locker. His was closer to the classroom. I caught sight of the boy who’d come into the nurse’s office. He was walking with a girl. I recognized her. The breath caught in my throat. “Now I know where I’ve seen him.”
Tony shut his locker. “Who?”
The guy that the nurse gave the aspirin to earlier. He’s over there. He was with the same girl. She gave him some little pink pills in a baggie.”
Tony swung around and looked at me. “Little pink pills about as big around as a pencil eraser?”
“Yes. How did you know?”
Tony led me toward the classroom. We got to the door and Tony pulled me close. He found my ear. “Remember the girl who died the day you got here? Davy pulled a baggie of little pink pills out of her pocket. That’s what we’re tracking.” He pulled me into the classroom.
We took our seats back in the corner. David looked at us and frowned. “Erin! What are you doing back in school?”
I shrugged. Tony gritted his teeth. “Stupid social services. They dumped her in foster care and the den leader didn’t want to deal with her and had her dropped at school.”
David looked horrified. “That’s insane.”
“Tell me about it. We spent last hour in the health room.” He scooted his chair closer to mine and put his arm around my shoulders. “She’s in no condition to be here.”
Professor Linton came in. He glanced in our direction and walked back to us. “Mr. Burns. This is against classroom policy.”
Tony scowled at him. “Would you rather have her fall over? The nurse just kicked her out of the health room.”
Professor Linton stared at me. I wanted to shrink down to nothing. His mouth drooped at the ends. “You don’t look like yourself today. Where is your dragon?”
I looked down. “All of my clothes are back at the apartment, which has been declared a crime scene. A nurse pulled these out of the lost and found box at the hospital.”
His brow furrowed. “Are you going to be okay, Ms. Dawson?”
My throat started to constrict. I fought with it. Tony tightened his grip. “Erin, breathe.” His voice sounded concerned.
I managed to. “I’m sorry.” I didn’t know what else to say.
David looked away. Tony pulled me closer. “You’re gonna make it. I’ve got you.”
Professor Linton looked confused. He turned and walked back to his desk. He picked up the stack of papers and began walking around with them.
David pulled out his homework and glanced back at us. Tony had his hand on my wrist. I realized he was taking my pulse. David’s face wrinkled. “Is she okay?” His whisper blended in with the shuffle of papers and other quiet chatter.
“I think so. It’s a little fast.” He looked at me. “Take a couple of deep slow breaths.”
I did as he directed. I watched Professor Linton work his way down our row. He gave me and Tony back the papers we’d turned in on Friday. “I realize neither of you were here yesterday. Did you happen to get the assignment from Mr. Jensen?”
Tony looked up at him. “I’m sorry but Erin was in the hospital yesterday and I was more worried about her being alive than a reading assignment. We’ll get caught up with it in a day or two.”
Professor Linton’s eyes got big. I think he was putting pieces together. “Oh, my goodness.” He went to the front of the class. “The reading assignment for today was chapters seventeen and eighteen.” He began talking about the motifs Steinbeck used in chapter seventeen then we moved into the discussion on the Joad family’s challenges on the road in chapter eighteen. 
As we moved toward the end of the chapter, my gut tightened. I remembered what had happened after the officer had stopped them for a fruit inspection. I started to shake. Tony tightened his grip. I looked up at him. My eyes had gone blurry again. Everything looked like it was behind rippled glass.
Professor Linton asked the question that I knew was coming. “What did Ma Joad reveal to the rest of the family after they crossed into the valley?”
I closed my eyes and the tears streamed down my face. One of the other girls who was sitting in the back of the classroom called out the professor’s name. “Something is wrong with Erin.”
Everyone turned and looked at me. It felt like the world was caving in on me. I buried my face in Tony’s chest. His arms wrapped around me protectively. I could hear his heart beat.
“Mr. Burns, is Ms. Dawson all right?”
Tony tensed. I felt him swallow. “I think she knows the answer to the question on an all too personal level. Ma tells everyone else Grandma was already dead before the officer stopped them.”
The room was silent. I struggled not to cry. The tears just kept flowing. What was wrong with me?
I could feel someone close to us. “Ms. Dawson?”
I felt the tension in Tony. “Just leave her be. I’ve got her. Class is almost over. It won’t do us any good to go back to the nurse. There’s nothing she can do. She can’t bring Erin’s mom back any more than Ma Joad could bring Grandma back.”
Professor Linton gasped. “I’m so sorry.” The bell rang. I heard his footsteps walk away. He cleared his throat and reminded everyone about the assignment and the next chapters to read.
Warm moisture fell on my hand. Tony shook a little. He was crying, too. He wiped his sleeve over his face. “Come on. We got one more hour of hell in this place.” He helped me up.
David looked terrified. He leaned close to Tony. “You’re stretching a very thin line.”
Tony growled. “Get out of my face before I rearrange yours.”
David backed off. I put my hand on Tony’s chest. “No. He’s right.” I struggled to walk out of the classroom by myself. The realization of David’s warning chilled me. Tony was an officer. He could get in serious trouble if someone thought more was going on than it was.
Tony stayed close. Somehow I made it to my locker. I didn’t look at him. I was afraid to. I was so out of control I hadn’t been thinking straight. He touched my arm. “Erin? Are you going to survive gym class?”
I closed my locker and slung the backpack over my shoulder. “At least I’ll have Galeru. She’s on my leotard.”
He tugged on the sweatshirt. “Maybe you need to put a dragon on this.” He put his arm around my shoulders and walked me down to the gym.
His arm was comforting. I felt guilty. We stopped by the gym doors. I could hear Rita’s voice. I shivered. I had to go forward. I had no other choice. Rita’s voice was getting closer.
Tony pulled me close. “Do not let her win. You are stronger than her.” Rita came out the doors. Tony kissed me.
Rita gasped. I looked up at Tony. His gaze was intense. He smoothed a loose strand of hair back from my face. “I don’t care what anyone else thinks. Not Davy, not Rita, not the teachers. Nobody.” His sincerity scared me.
Rita turned and walked away. I managed to swallow. “I have to change for class.” My voice was shaking.
“I know. I’ll see you after class.” He let me go.
It took all my strength to turn and walk into the gym. I went into the locker room and sagged against the wall.
Jill came up to me. “Erin?” She looked around. “Britany, go get Ms. Addison.” Jill pulled me toward a bench. “I heard some kids talking in the hall. They said your mom had died.”
I sat down. “I don’t know what to do.”
Ms. Addison came running in. “Erin! Jill, what happened?”
“Her mom died yesterday. I don’t know why she’s even in school.”
I dropped my backpack on the floor. “There’s nowhere else for me to be right now. The lady said I had to go to school.”
Ms. Addison sat beside me on the bench. ‘You don’t have to workout if you’re not feeling well. You’re more likely to injure yourself. Why don’t you sit in my office?”
I looked at the faded sweatshirt. “Can I at least change into my leotard?”
“Sure.” She called to the rest of the girls. “Let’s hit the floor.” They all piled out after her.
I changed my clothes and took everything to Ms. Addison’s office. I sat in a chair and pulled the cardboard and black marker from my backpack. I stared at the empty cloth. There weren’t any stains to inspire me. I looked down at Galeru and thought of another Australian dragon. I looked at the shirt, struggling to see Eingana on it. She was the dragon of creation and destruction. I’d seen a picture of a cave painting of her. She reminded me of a dragonfly.
The memory of Tony’s arms around me came back unbidden. I saw the dragon wrap around the shirt. I began to lay out the sketch. I had it mostly blocked in by the time the bell rang.
Ms. Addison came into her office. She stopped and looked at what I’d been working on. “That is amazing!” She inhaled sharply. “That’s what was missing. You weren’t wearing a dragon.”
I put the cardboard and pen away and slipped the shirt on over my leotard. I already had the rest of my clothes on. I looked down at the design and could almost imagine the feeling of the dragon’s six arms wrapped around me. “It helps.”
She gave me a hug. “I know how hard it is. I lost my mom when I was fifteen. She was killed in a car accident.”
I looked at her. “Does it get any easier?”
Her face turned to a sad smile. “You’ll never stop missing her but it does get easier with time.”
Tony peered around the door and sighed. “One of the other girls said you were in here.” He tilted his head. “Your new dragon friend has six legs. What’s up with that?”
“Eingana was probably based on a dragonfly. She’s from Australia.”
“Yeah, I hear they got a lot of weird critters down there. Furry ducks and bears with built in pockets for their babies.”
The laugh somehow made it out. “Duck-billed platypuses are mammals, not birds and koalas aren’t really bears. They are marsupials.”
He grinned at me. “I knew that.” He held out his hand. “So where are we headed? The dojo?”
“I am.” I went out of the office and he took up his position a step behind and to one side. He held the door for me as we went out. It was raining. I pulled my raincoat out. Ri Riu looked wrinkled, like he’d been in the water too long. “One of my last surviving dragons.”
He pointed at the sweatshirt. “With a growing fan club.” He turned up his collar and started walking with me.
“Tony, you’re going to get soaked.”
“I guess it’s a good thing I’m not the Wicked Witch of the West. I won’t melt.”
I stopped by the door of the dojo. The overhang of the building gave us some shelter. “I don’t want to get you in trouble. I’m worried that I already have.”
Tony put his hands on his hips and looked down the street. The muscles of his face twitched. He chewed on his bottom lip for a moment then looked back at me. “I care about you. There’s nothing illegal about that. I know the limits. I’m an adult and you’re a minor. I know we can’t have a physical relationship.” He looked down. “And I probably stretched the line when I kissed you.” He was shaking. Tiny droplets had collected on his eyelashes. They abandoned their perch as he blinked. He pushed them away with his fingers.
I felt my chest tighten. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t want to hurt him. He had been the only thing keeping me together today at school. “Tony?”
He looked up at me. “I should go. Max is here.” He pointed behind me at the door. I heard it open. Tony turned away. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” He walked away.
I was confused. I felt empty, deflated. I heard footsteps behind me. I could hear Max breathing.
“Erin, are you all right?”
There was no way I could answer that question at the moment. “What choice do I have?” I looked at him. “Fusan taught me that the only thing in life we can really control is our actions and our reaction to everything around us. I haven’t even been able to do that today.”
Max pulled me toward the door. “Come in out of the rain. Have a cup of tea.”
I took off my dripping raincoat and soggy sneakers in the entryway and carried them through the dojo. Max had a small heater going in his office and suggested I put them there. He handed me a cup and I made myself some tea. “Have you seen Philip today?”
“I did. I stopped in this morning. The doctors hope to release him in a few days but it will be some time before he can come back to the dojo.”
I watched the darkness spreading out from the tea into the water. “I still want to go see him.”
Max leaned against the counter and studied his own cup. “Philip doesn’t want you to come.” His voice was soft.
My throat tightened. “Why?”
He looked up at me. “He doesn’t want you to see him like this. It’s pretty scary.”
“Considering yesterday, it can’t be any worse.”
Max sighed. “Give him some time to heal.” He put the cup down. “Besides, I promised Ms. Parker that I would drive you to the home before your curfew. It was part of the agreement so that you could continue here.”
“I have a curfew?”
Max grinned. “Most kids do. Yours is ten on school nights and eleven on weekends. I assured her that we eat regular meals here. She was concerned about that.”
“Probably because I crashed from lack of enough food in my system. I hadn’t had a chance to eat lunch yesterday.”
Max pulled the teabag out of his cup. “Can you tell me what happened?”
I did my best to explain. My eyes began to burn again and my throat tightened. I struggled to breathe. “I don’t know what to do, Max. I’ve never felt so lost. Even when Mom and I were jumping around, I always kind of knew what to expect. But now everything has changed.”
Max put his cup down. He embraced me. “Erin, somethings are beyond our control. While it’s true that if the men had not chased your mother, she might not have died but those things have already happened. All you can do now is mitigate the aftermath.”
“But I have nothing left.”
He gently pulled my chin up. I looked into his dark brown eyes. “You have you. Your talents and skills will carry you forward, in whatever direction you choose to go.” He brushed the tears away with his thumb. “You have incredible gifts. My mother told me after my brother died that where one door closes, another often opens.”
I hugged him. “Thank you, Max.” I stepped back and he let me go. “I should probably go change.”
I went into the locker room. Amy and Linda were there. They both looked at me. Amy came up and hugged me. “Max said you were in the hospital yesterday. What are you doing here? Are you all right?”
I was getting used to this question. “My mom died and I hadn’t eaten. My blood sugar dropped and I crashed. I was on IVs all night and I’ve had friends making sure I eat.”
Linda’s face had gone taut. “Your mom died? That’s horrible!” She hugged me. “Are you going to be okay to teach?”
I wiped the salty tracks on my face away. “I hope so. I felt bad because of Sunday and then yesterday. I feel like I let Max down.”
Amy put her arm around me. “Sunday wasn’t your fault, Erin. Yan had no right to suggest that it was.”
I didn’t want to go there. I glanced at my watch. “I have to get changed. Classes will be starting soon.”
I got into my gee. By the time I came out, students were coming in and getting ready for their classes. I made it through afternoon classes without an issue. We sat down to dinner. I felt lost without Philip beside me. Yan glared at me from across the table but said nothing. Max made sure I finished my dinner. I washed my plate and headed for the classroom.
Yan was the next to come in. “I went to visit Philip this afternoon. He doesn’t want to see you anymore.” He turned and walked out of the room.
I began to tremble. I sat down zazen and wrapped my arms around myself. The air fought to get past the tightness in my throat. It wasn’t just the words he’d spoken but the way he’d said them, cold and filled with anger.
Ryan came in. “Erin?” He knelt next to me. “Are you okay?”
I managed to get enough air in to talk. “I’ll be okay.” It didn’t sound very convincing.
Ryan touched my shoulder. “You’re shaking. Do you feel sick?” I didn’t answer. He jumped up and ran out of the room.
Max came running in a moment later. He knelt down and grabbed my wrist. I realized he was taking my pulse. “That’s a little fast. And I’m concerned about the way your breathing. Can you tell me what’s going on?”
I tried to get my heart back under control and focused on the air moving through my body as Fusan had taught me. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
Max sat zazen next to me. “I can take you home early.”
I shook my head. “I’ll manage. I need the focus.”
He took my pulse again. “That’s better. If you start to feel ill again, please let me know. Having you whole is far more important.” He rose and helped me to my feet.
The others had come into the room. They had been standing at a distance, quietly waiting. Linda and Amy both came over. Amy put an arm around my shoulder. “We’ll watch out for her.”
Max squeezed my arm. “May I tell the others so they understand what is going on?”
I nodded. Linda put her arm around me, too. “We’re here for you.”
Max went to the front of the class. Ryan, Steven, Yan, and Marcus fanned out around us. “You all know what happened to Philip on Sunday but another tragedy occurred yesterday. Erin’s mother was killed a few blocks from here.”
Ryan gasped and looked over at me. “Was she the lady hit by the bus over on Pacific?”
I nodded. The others looked shocked, even Yan. Max put his hands into closing posture, right hand covering left fist at his chest. “Life is a precious gift. When it is taken away, those left behind feel lost. Erin is struggling to find a new balance for her life. As fellow Junior Masters, I’m hoping that you will be there to help her. Let’s begin with some Tai Chi.”
After class was over, everyone except Yan came up and gave me a hug. Yan had disappeared right away. I went in and changed back into my street clothes. It had gotten cold but all I had was my raincoat. Linda felt the thin material. “That doesn’t look very warm.”
“It’s all I have. Everything else was at the apartment and the social worker told me it had been declared a crime scene so I couldn’t go there and get anything.”
Her eyes went wide. “Why? That doesn’t make any sense.”
“The only thing I can think of is that the men who were chasing my mother must have broken into our apartment trying to figure out where she was working.” And maybe they were looking for the envelope but I didn’t say that. It was already too complicated.
Max was waiting for me. “It’s almost ten. Good thing it’s not far.” We went down to his car and I got in. He looked over at me. “Did something happen between you and Yan?”
It was a direct question. I took a deep breath. “He had been to see Philip. He told me Philip didn’t want to see me.” I managed to keep breathing.
Max pulled up in front of the foster care center. He looked over at me. “I don’t think Philip meant ever again. He just doesn’t want anyone to see him like he is right now.”
Yan had been to see him. I wasn’t going to argue that point. I looked up at the building. “I better get in. Thanks for the ride. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He touched my arm. “Erin, if you need anything, call me. I mean that. I know you feel alone right now but you’re not. You have friends.”
“Thanks.” My eyes were burning again. I got out and walked up the steps. 
The woman was waiting by the door. “That’s pushing it pretty tight. I expect you to be punctual. This is a special arrangement. Don’t abuse it. Go get ready for bed. Lights out is ten thirty.”
I found my way back to the room with all the bunk beds. By the sounds, there were obviously other rooms like this one. There were girls of all ages, some getting into pajamas and others brushing their hair. A few of the younger ones were playing and some of the older ones were reading.
I went to my bunk. There was a girl sitting on the top, dangling her feet over the side. Her skin was a soft brown, like coffee with creamer stirred in. She looked down at me. “So you the new girl. What your parents do?”
I put my backpack down beside the bed. “They died.” I stripped off my jacket.
The girl gasped. “What you got on your shirt?”
“This is Eingana, she’s a dragon from Australia.” I noticed the pile of linens and a pillow. I began making the bed.
The girl swung around and leaned over to watch me. “Ms. Auger, she gonna give you hell for that shirt. She don’t like no gang stuff.”
I tucked in the sheets and spread the thin blanket over them. “My dragons have nothing to do with gangs. They are historical creatures of mythology.”
“Whatever.”
The girl on the bottom bunk next to me looked up from her book. “You’re the Dragon Lady, Tony’s girl. I’ve seen you in school.”
I studied her. I didn’t remember seeing her before. “My name is Erin.”
“I’m Kirby and run of mouth up there is Becca.” She pointed upward. “That’s Heidi. She goes to Hamilton, too. A bunch of us do.” 
All I could see was her back. I’d passed so many students in the hall and they were just nameless faces to me. “How many kids are here?”
She shrugged. “Probably about a hundred. There’s a boy side, too, but we don’t see them. They don’t even eat with us. If you get caught over there, you get privileges taken away.”
Becca laughed. “Like we have any?”
Ms. Auger came to the door. “Lights out in five.”
I didn’t have any pajamas or even sweatpants. I was going to have to make another trip to the mission free box. I put my coat and backpack in the box under my bed. I looked at the clothes. They looked empty. I was going to need to correct that. I took off my shoes and got into bed.
Kirby looked over at me. “Aren’t you going to change?”
“I don’t have anything to change into, just a couple pairs of jeans and a couple of shirts.” The room went dark. The lady took lights out seriously. I rolled over and tried to get comfortable. I’d slept on a cot for as long as I could remember. Mom had added the air mattresses when she’d found them in a free box a couple of years ago. I’d never slept in an actual bed except for the hospital the night before. It felt strange.
I woke early, as usual. Thin gray light filtered in through the windows. I quietly pulled out a shirt and the things I needed from my backpack. I looked at the blank cloth. No stains to help me. I thought of all the dragons I knew and picked Scylla, a dragon from Greek mythology. She had originally been a nymph but had been changed into a beast. I felt that way right now.
I was mostly done by the time the lights came on. Ms. Auger was at the door. “Buses will be here in a half an hour. Get a move on.”
I didn’t have time to do the jeans but I’d live. At least I had the top half done. I pulled out the cardboard and put everything away.
Becca dropped to the floor beside me. “What you been doing?”
I showed her the shirt. “This is Scylla, at least the top half of her. I didn’t have time to do the rest yet.”
Her mouth opened. “You just did that?”
Kirby pulled her bed together. “She did. I watched some of it. You’re a really good artist, Erin.”
I got dressed and pulled my bed together. All the girls scrambled at once. Becca waved to me and I joined her at the foot of our bunk.
Ms. Auger was walking down the row, inspecting the beds. She made a couple of the girls go back and remake theirs. She came to us and stopped next to me. Her eyes squinted. “What are you wearing? Couldn’t Ms. Parker find you any decent clothes?”
“These are decent. They don’t have any rips and they are clean.”
She frowned. “I don’t like gang wear.”
“This is Scylla. She’s from Greek mythology. She’d never let a gang member wear her.”
Ms. Auger’s eyes went wide. “Well don’t you have a sassy mouth!” A bell rang. “Buses are here. Move it out!”
I got onto the bus with Kirby and discovered there were about thirty other kids also going to Hamilton from the center. Over half of them were boys. I recognized a few of them as guys that sometimes hung out around Tony. And they recognized me, too. There was an increase in the chatter. I sat down next to another girl as Kirby had sat with Heidi.
She looked over at me and her eyes went wide. “Dragon Lady! What are you doing here?”
I shrugged. “My mom died. This is where I ended up.”
She stared at me. “Damn. Your luck sucks.”
We got to school early. Kids weren’t even on the steps yet. We all got off the bus and headed for the cafeteria. It was almost as busy as lunch time. I pulled out the card I’d been given and waited in line. I discovered what Tony’s comment the previous day had meant. The food looked better than lunch food. I took a reasonable amount and went to my seat.
Tony showed up when I was half way through my food. He sat down quietly and watched me until I’d finished everything. He made an over-exaggerated sigh. “That’s a relief. You’re eating.” He traced the outlines on the shirt. “Are you going to introduce me?”
“This is Scylla. She’s from Greek mythology. She was originally a nymph but Circe got mad at her and turned her into a beast.”
“That’s one wicked looking dragon. I’m betting she’s not done yet.”
“Didn’t have time to do the jeans.” I sighed. “I’m not used to someone telling me when to go to bed at night. It’s very precise there.”
A couple of the boys wandered over. I recognized two of them from the bus. One of them pointed at me. “What did you do to end up in foster care?”
Tony scowled at him. “Mind your manners before I mind them for you!”
Another boy jabbed him in the ribs. “Don’t you pay attention? Her mama died. Show some respect to Tony’s girl.” He nodded at me and made some kind of hand sign I wasn’t familiar with. “We got your back.”
Tony pulled me closer. “That’s better.” He kissed my forehead. “You going to hang in the library?”
“I should. I’m behind on my homework.”
“I’ll walk you there.”
We went to my locker so I could get my books. Kevin was at his locker. He glanced over at me and pulled something out. He handed it to me and walked off. Tony growled at him but I put my hand on his chest. “At ease.” I opened the envelope.
Tony looked over my shoulder at the card. It was beautiful. Kevin must have drawn it. His fine script inside touched me. I just lost my mom, too. I know it hurts but don’t lose your smile. It’s a nice one. 
Tony looked away. “Jesus. And I had to be a jerk to him.”
I put the card in my big envelope and pulled a stack of books out. I closed my locker and looked at him. “I make it a point never to purposefully hurt anyone else. You never know what’s going on with them. Even mean people are usually mean for a reason.”
He hugged me. “You have the heart of a dragon – big, bold, and beautiful.” He pulled me toward the library.
I managed to finish all the homework I thought I’d missed in period one and three. Tony walked me to my first period class. Principal Granger was standing at the classroom door talking to someone. He saw me. “Ah, there she is. Ms. Dawson. This gentleman is here to see you.”
I got a look at the man who the principal had been talking to. I froze. It was the attorney.

* * *
13
A lot of thoughts go through your mind when you’re facing someone you don’t want to deal with. They range from running away to taking him down with the option of putting up with him somewhere in between. I tensed and prepared to do something. I just wasn’t sure what yet.
Tony tightened his grip. “What’s going on?” His soft whisper in my ear only heightened my readiness.
Mr. Hart had a forced smile on his face that made his skin looked stretched. “Erin, so good to see you are doing better.”
I instinctively backed away – right into Tony. The extremes probably weren’t options at the moment. I stared at him. “I am in school, if you haven’t noticed, and I’ve already missed a couple of days of work. I need to go to class.”
Mr. Hart’s smile wavered. He was probably putting it on for everyone around us. “You will no longer be attending this school. Your parents…”
“Are deceased. And you can tell my grandfather that I want nothing to do with him. My mother would still be alive if it wasn’t for him.”
Mr. Hart tried to look sympathetic. It wasn’t a good look for him. “Why don’t we go somewhere and talk things over.”
I could feel Tony reaching into his inner coat pocket. If he blew his cover for me, there was a good chance he and David would lose their case. I reached back and grabbed his hand. I leaned back into him. “Don’t.”
His mouth found my ear. “If I don’t, he’s going to take you and I won’t be able to protect you.”
“He’ll have to catch me first.” That option was starting to look like a good one.
Mr. Yenny came out of the classroom to see what was going on. “What’s the issue?”
I decided not to give Mr. Hart a chance. “This man represents the one who was responsible for my mother’s death. I am not going anywhere with him.” I said it loud and firm.
Both Principal Granger and Mr. Yenny frowned. The principal moved slightly to put himself between us. “I think we need some additional assistance. Mr. Yenny, could you please call the office?” Mr. Yenny disappeared back into the classroom.
Mr. Hart looked nervous. “I have all of the legal papers right here. You are more than welcome to call the district court for verification.”
Tony’s lips found my ear. “Trust me, please. Request that Captain Hagen be contacted.”
I spoke up and made the request. Tiny beads of perspiration broke out on Mr. Hart’s forehead. Mr. Yenny came back out. “Ms. Henning is waiting for Erin in the office.”
Tony didn’t wait for the direction. He immediately turned us around and headed us for the office. I could hear Mr. Hart’s complaints behind us. When we were far enough ahead, he pulled me closer. “I’m going to talk to Davy. You are definitely going to need a lawyer.” We hurried down the stairs. “I get the feeling you’ve had a run in with this dude before.”
“In the hospital. He tried to make me sign some legal documents that would give my grandfather custody without contest.”
“I’m guessing you didn’t.”
“No. I told him to get lost. He seems to have taken a different direction.”
We got to the office. Ms. Henning was waiting for me by the door. “Erin, are you okay?”
“It depends on your definition.”
Tony hugged me. “Hang in there.” He put his face close to my neck. “I’m going to make some calls. I won’t be far away.” He let me go.
Ms. Henning looked confused. “Do you need a hall pass, Mr. Burns?”
“Sure, why not.” She wrote one out. He took it. “Just keep Erin safe. Okay?”
Principal Granger and Mr. Hart were coming down the stairs. Ms. Henning looked up at them. “I’ll do my best.”
I watched Tony head off down the hall. Ms. Henning put a hand on my shoulder. “Don’t worry, Erin. I’m not releasing you to anyone that you are afraid of.”
Was I afraid of Mr. Hart? I’d never really been afraid of anyone before. I’d always felt capable of defending myself. But this was different. He had the legal system behind him.
Ms. Henning led all of us into a conference room and shut the door. “Now, please explain who you are and what you want with Erin Dawson.”
Mr. Hart handed her a document. “I am Kenneth Hart, attorney for Johnathan Harmond, Claire Harmond’s father. She was calling herself Claire Dawson and telling everyone that Erin was her daughter. Mr. Harmond has gone to great lengths to correct the mistake his daughter made when she kidnapped Erin from the hospital where she was born. Her real parents, Rachel and Thomas Gordon, have been very hopeful…”
I stood up. “You can stop right there. I don’t know what emotional game my grandfather has been playing with people but you can drop the lie right now. I have my birth certificate and my parents’ marriage license. My mother was Claire Dawson.”
Ms. Henning put a hand on my arm. “It’s okay, Erin. Sit down.”
There was a knock at the door. The secretary poked her head in. “There’s a Captain Hagen here from the Tacoma Police Department.”
Principal Granger stood up. “Please show him in.” He entered a moment later. The principal held out his hand. “Thank you for joining us, Captain. I have to admit, I’m a little out of my field with this one.”
The Captain looked at me. “You probably don’t remember me. You were out of it when I stopped in to see you at the hospital. How are you feeling?”
I hadn’t had time to really think about it. “I’ll be better when we get this all straightened out.”
Captain Hagen listened to a brief explanation of what the issue was. He looked at me. “Do you have these documents with you?”
“I do.” I pulled out the envelope and spilled the contents on the table. I pulled out the ones he wanted.
The captain moved closer. “May I look at some of the other items?”
“Sure. There’s a letter here from my dad when he was in service and a list of some of my mom’s employers, and a lot of pictures and stuff.”
He sifted through them. He found the letter and copied down some information. He studied the documents. “These are embossed with the state seal of Nevada. They are legal documents, Mr. Hart.”
Mr. Hart produced another document. “This is Erin’s actual birth certificate.” He handed it to Captain Hagen. The captain compared the dates. They were the same but the other one was from Los Angeles, California.
I pointed at the footprint on my real birth certificate. “A fingerprint expert compared that to my foot. This is my foot print. I can’t exactly have been in the same place on the same day.”
I saw the flicker go across Mr. Hart’s face. I wondered if he knew the truth or just believed what my grandfather had told him because of a pay check. The lawyer shook his head. “I don’t know how Claire acquired those documents but I have plenty of evidence that supports Mr. Harmond’s claim.”
The captain looked at me. “Because of the nature of your mother’s death, the medical examiner was required to run a DNA analysis. That’s the one way to really be sure. It takes about a week for the results. Are you willing to take the test?”
“Absolutely.” I knew she was my mother. I had no doubt. I gathered everything and slid the pile back into the envelope. “What do I need to do?”
“Meet up with a lab tech at the hospital. I’ll make the appointment for you.”
Mr. Hart cleared his throat. “I do have a legal petition for custody approved by the court. I would like to take Erin with me.”
“No.” It was a three way echo between me, Ms. Henning, and Captain Hagen. It would have been funny if it wasn’t so serious. Mr. Hart looked stunned.
Principal Granger stood up. “I’m sorry, Mr. Hart. Captain Hagen does have the final say in the matter and he seems to agree with Erin. Ms. Dawson will remain in school. I will contact her social worker and report this to her. I’m assuming you have a card? You should probably give one to Captain Hagen. Ms. Henning, would you please issue a hall pass to Ms. Dawson so she can return to class?”
Ms. Henning stood up. “Yes, sir.” She motioned toward the door.
Captain Hagen held out a card to me. “If you have any more problems with this issue, don’t hesitate to call.”
I took the card. “Thank you, sir.” I followed Ms. Henning out of the room.
She looked as relieved as I felt. “Are you going to be okay?”
“I think so.” I glanced at the clock. I could still turn in my homework assignment. Mr. Yenny would probably be done with his lecture by the time I got to class.
She handed me the hall pass. “This is a really difficult situation. If you need to talk, just come to the office.”
I thanked her and ducked out as the three men were leaving the conference room. Tony was waiting by the stairs. “How did it go?”
I slipped my arm around his waist and pulled him up the steps. “Captain Hagen backed me up. He looked at the documents and wouldn’t let Mr. Hart take me anywhere. He’s going to set up a DNA test for me. I guess they already did that for my mom.”
Tony chewed on his lip. “Yeah. I talked to O’Brian. I was trying to find out what happened at your apartment. Someone broke in and dumped everything. They messed up the car, too. I’m betting they were looking for those documents. Someone knows your mom had them.”
I stopped before we got to the door. “They are legal documents. They must be on file somewhere.”
“Erin, I looked at them. Those are the originals. They have the actual signatures – in ink. That makes them really important.”
I leaned on him. “I wish I had a safer place to keep them.”
He wrapped his arms around me and kissed the top of my head. “I talked to Davy and he talked to his sister. She’s willing to take your case. Maybe she can put the documents in a safe at her office.” He backed up a step and looked at me. “I’ll do whatever it takes to keep you safe, even break my cover if I need to. You’re more important.”
I shook my head. “There are kids dying because of these drugs. That’s a lot more important than I am.” I noticed someone come out of a room down the hallway. “I’d better get to class and so should you.”
He chuckled. “I might scare the teacher by showing up.” 
We walked to the door. I noticed Dr. Marsh go into the science teachers’ office. “He came out of the last door on the left.”
Tony hugged me. “You’re awesome!” He let me go and swaggered down the hall.
I wanted to watch but there was only about five minutes left before the end of class. I went in. Mr. Yenny was at his desk and the students were working on an assignment. I pulled out my homework – all of the assignments for the past three days.
He took them. “Caught up already. I hope things got resolved.”
“For the time being at least.”
He handed me a packet. “This will be due next Monday.”
The bell rang. I followed the rest of the kids out of the classroom. Tony was beside the door. “Funny thing about that door he came from. It was locked with a serious kind of lock. I’ll have to bring something extra special into school tomorrow.”
We went to my locker. “Do I want to know?”
He grinned. “Let’s just say there are certain skills that a guy like me picks up for situations like this one. It’s a double channel key. You can’t pick it. I’ll just have to make one.”
I shut my locker. “You can do that?”
“Like I said, it’s amazing the things I’ve learned to do.” He had a broad smile on his face. He put his arm around me and we walked down to the art wing.
I had missed two days and was behind on the project. Ms. Gilbert saw me and came over to the table. “Welcome back. I was afraid we’d lost you.”
I looked down at the work in progress. My mom was gone. I wouldn’t have to jump unexpectedly anymore. Or would I? What if my grandfather found some way around everything? Would I end up on the run like my mom? What would I do?
“Hey, are you okay?”
I caught my breath. “Sorry, Ms. Gilbert. Things are a little difficult right now.”
One of the girls at my table looked over at me. “I heard your mom died. That’s really sad.”
Ms. Gilbert looked shocked. “Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know.”
Was I used to that yet? “It’s okay. I’m managing.”
She looked uncertain. “If you need a break, let me know.”
I shook my head. “I need to draw.” I could see the shadow of the little dragon in the picture. I realized what was missing. His reflection should show on the shiny vase. I focused on it and got lost in the work.
The bell rang at the end of class. Kevin came out of his classroom and I managed to catch up to him. I touched his arm and he looked at me. “Thanks for the card.” He nodded and went to his locker.
Tony came up and leaned on the locker next to mine. “That’s a little rude.”
I grabbed my math book. “No it’s not. Have you ever noticed Kevin doesn’t talk? He has a hard time forming words. I mean, he’s really smart. He always gets good grades. He can’t physically form the words.”
“Oh.” Tony closed my locker for me and followed me across the hall. Kevin scurried around him to get into the classroom. Tony looked down. “I guess I deserved that.”
I hugged him. “I understand.”
He hugged me back. “I’ll see you at lunch.”
I went into the classroom. Mr. Craig was at his desk. I turned in all my homework. He seemed surprised. “Well, all caught up. Nice work, Ms. Dawson.”
I took my seat. David slid into the seat next to mine. He made sure no one was looking and passed me a note. He dropped his voice. “That’s my sister’s number, in case you have any more issues today. She’ll meet you at the dojo this afternoon.”
I tucked the note in my pocket. “Thanks.”
He glanced at me. “I heard you ended up in the office. What was the outcome?”
“Spared by Captain Hagen.”
David grinned. “Al’s a good guy. You can trust him.”
Others came in and took their seats. David focused on his textbook. I ignored all the stares from other kids. I wondered what the gossip train was saying now.
Tony caught up with me in the lunch line. He pointed at the main selections. “Ah, mystery meat with a side of slime-covered paste and chew toys disguised as veggies.”
“That’s really not helping.”
“Sorry. Oh, look. Wiggly clear latex in neon colors.”
The jello did look like that. “And I’m supposed to eat this? Lovely. At least I have a good dinner to look forward to.” I took what I thought I could actually get down and we went to our regular spot.
Tony ate quietly, guarding me from disturbances. I managed to finish what I’d taken. He took my tray and escorted me from the cafeteria. “Let me guess, destination – library.”
“You know me too well.” We headed for the stairs.
Rita came down a hallway, frantically running. She looked pale. She got to the main hall and stopped. “Help! We need help!”
Tony grabbed one of his boys who had tagged along with us. “Go to the office and find a teacher.” He ran toward Rita. I followed. He grabbed her flailing arms. “What is your malfunction?”
“It’s Jenny! Something is wrong with her?” She pointed down the hall.
We started running. There were a couple of other girls around a fallen one. I recognized a couple of girls from the gymnastics team. “Shannon, what happened?”
“She just collapsed and started shaking like that.”
Tony knelt down beside her. “What’s her fix?”
Shannon looked horrified. “She doesn’t do drugs. She just borrowed a couple of aspirin from a friend because she had a headache.”
My gut clenched. “What color were they?”
“Blue. Why?”
Tony managed to take her pulse without being obvious. “Who did she get them from?”
“From Deana. She takes them all the time for her headaches. They’re just aspirin. She gets them from the school nurse.”
Tony looked at me. I could tell he was on the same wavelength. The nurse was giving out the drugs. I thought about Rebecca. She’d been taking them, too.
Footsteps were running down the hallway. I could hear voices. I pulled Tony’s arm. “I think the nurse is coming.” I hoped he caught my raised eyebrows.
He backed away. “Great.” He pulled me across the hall and we melted into the crowd that had formed around the scene. He pulled us back until we were out of the mass. He closed his eyes. “That girl is in serious trouble. Her pulse is so faint I was having trouble finding it. Do you know who Deana is?”
“No.” I looked around and noticed Jill. “But I know someone who might.” He followed me over. I tapped Jill on the shoulder.
She looked startled. She hugged me. “Oh, Erin. You’re here. I was so worried. I didn’t know what to think. Some kids were saying you got arrested this morning.”
Tony snickered. “That’s my gig, not hers.”
“Jill, do you know who Deana is?”
“Sure. She’s in my history class next hour.”
I glanced at Tony. “Could you introduce me? I need to ask her something.” We followed Jill toward the social science wing. She pointed her out as we got close. I was surprised to see the girl who had given the boy the pills in the hallway. “She shares with a lot of kids.”
Tony looked curious but Jill pulled me forward. “Hey, Deana.”
The girl turned around. Her eyes went wide. “Oh, the Dragon Lady! You’re clothes are like so awesome! Where do you get them?”
I was surprised. She was very animated and talked fast. “Deana, did you give Jenny some aspirin?”
“Oh, sure. I got extra. I haven’t been actually taking them but Nurse Kern gives them to me. I just go up there to get out of classes sometimes. I still have a couple. Do you want one?”
Tony nudged me. I got the message. “Sure. Are you feeling okay?”
She pulled out a baggie with little blue pills in it and shook one into my hand. “I feel great. I haven’t had a headache in a while. I hate getting them. The aspirin helps but I just feel so tired afterwards.”
The bell rang. I glanced at Tony. “You should probably be careful about handing these out. Some people are allergic to aspirin and don’t know it. Jenny got pretty sick.”
“She did? Oh, my god. That’s terrible! Okay. Well, it’s nice meeting you. I wish I had a dragon like that. That is so cool!”
Tony pulled me away. “I better get you to class. At least we don’t have to go far.” I put my arm around his waist and slipped the pill into his hand. He looked over at me. “You are really slick. You know that?”
“I didn’t lie to her. Some people are allergic to aspirin. And Jenny did get sick after taking the pill. I didn’t say they were connected.”
He laughed. “You’d make a great lawyer.” We paused at the door. “I’ll see you after class.” He hugged me.
I went in. Rebecca was sitting in her place. I went back to my. She stood up and hugged me. “I was so worried about you. I heard what happened. With your mom. And Max had to leave. He said you were in the hospital.”
I sat down. “Things are definitely a little crazy right now.”
“Are you going to be back at the dojo tonight? I start class tonight and I was hoping you were going to be teaching it.”
“Which one are you taking?”
She opened her textbook. “Self-defense. I was really impressed with your demonstration on Saturday. It looked like a good thing to learn.”
I looked at my paper. It was the one that should have been turned in on Monday. I hadn’t had time to do the other assignments. “I should be. I was back yesterday and made it through my classes.”
The girl who normally sat in front of me came in. “Wow. I heard you got arrested this morning. Did they let you go?”
“I didn’t get arrested. I just had to deal with a stupid lawyer. I haven’t had a chance to meet mine yet.”
Her eyes went wide. “You have a lawyer?”
I leaned back in my chair. “My life has gotten way too complicated. My mom died and I’m not eighteen so I’m legally a minor. My grandfather is trying to get custody of me but I don’t want to go with him because he’s the one who caused my mom’s death.”
Rebecca almost fell out of her chair. “Oh, my gosh! That’s horrible!”
“You have no idea. He’s trying to say she wasn’t my real mom but I know she was. It’s stupid. So anyway, this lawyer showed up this morning and tried to pull me out of school and we had to call the officer who is in charge of the investigation. It was frustrating.”
The bell rang and Ms. Green came in the room. She started collecting homework. I turned in what I had. She glanced at it and then at me. She walked back. “I’m glad you’re back. Are you feeling better?”
“Better than yesterday. I’m sorry I don’t have the other assignments done. I’ll try to get caught up tomorrow.”
She shook her head. “You’ve been gone for a couple of days. It’s understandable. Don’t stress over it. Take your time and do a good job.”
Rebecca looked over at me. “You missed the test on Monday.”
“Hopefully I can make it up.” I made a note to ask about it at the end of class.
The lecture caught my attention. It was about migrant workers in the western states. They traveled between the different areas in Eastern Washington, through Oregon, and down into California, following the crop harvests. It made me think about the Grapes of Wrath. I could understand how they felt, having to limit their possessions to make traveling easier. I was now down to nothing but a box of clothes and the few things I carried all the time in my backpack.
Tony was waiting for me outside the classroom. He put his arm around me and steered me toward my locker. “Don’t freak out.” His whisper was close to my ear. “I’m going to start a scuffle with Davy so I can pass something off to him.”
“Can I intervene after the hand-off? Principal Granger thinks I’m having a positive effect on you.”
He grinned. “Darling, you’d have a positive effect on a King Cobra.”
There was someone standing by my locker. I didn’t recognize him but I had the feeling that Tony did. He went stiff. It reminded me of a fight I’d seen between a couple of stray street dogs in Miami once. He tucked me behind his back. The kid smirked at him. “You got the money?”
Tony looked around. “Here? Are you joking? The deal was set for the hallway by the locker rooms.”
“Maybe things have changed. Maybe we want some insurance.”
I caught the motion out of the corner of my eye. I tapped Tony. “Trouble.”
The kid tried to grab me. I stepped sideways and grabbed his wrist. I pulled him forward and he was off balance. I let go. He did a face plant next to us. Tony looked down. “Seriously? Get out of my face before I rearrange yours.”
Other kids were tripping over the fallen one. He crawled to his feet and scowled at Tony. “You must not want this deal very bad.”
Tony squared his shoulders. “I don’t deal with no one that messes with my girl. You can tell Streak the deal is off. I’ll spend my money elsewhere.” Tony pushed him off my locker. He waited until the kid was out of sight.
I leaned against him. “I’m sorry. I blew that, didn’t I.”
He wrapped his arms around me. “No. Those guys don’t matter. I already got their source lines figured out.” He hugged me. “Are you okay?”
I grinned. “Are you really asking me that?”
He chuckled. “I guess I shouldn’t. You’re like a master ninja.”
I bowed closed fist to him and turned to my locker. The moment I touched the handle I knew something was wrong. I turned and pushed Tony away.
The sound was deafening. Several kids around us screamed. I fell forward but Tony caught me. We landed together against the lockers on the other side of the hallway. He had my head pulled tight against his chest. He was swearing. “Those bastards. I’m going to bust their asses!” He looked at me. “Are you all right?”
“I think so.” I did a quick assessment. “I don’t feel any injuries.” I looked around. “Some of the other kids don’t look so good, though.”
“Flash burns.”
Mr. Craig knelt beside us. “Just sit still. Help is coming.” He moved around the hallway, relaying the message to others who were far more injured than us.
I looked at Tony. “What should we do?”
“Tell them what happened. Somebody rigged your locker. I got a pretty good idea of who it was.” He pulled me close. “Damn. I did not want to get you involved with that.”
Other teachers appeared. They sorted out the students who hadn’t been hurt and sent them to class. Principal Granger showed up. I groaned. “I’m going to end up on his list again.” Mr. Craig pointed at my locker. Principal Granger glanced in and came over to us.
Tony helped me to my feet. The principal pointed back at the locker. “Was anything important in there?”
“Just my textbooks and homework.”
Tony snickered. “Well that goes beyond the dog ate it.”
Principal Granger ignored him. “Were you hurt, Ms. Dawson?”
“I don’t think so. The locker door protected me from the worst of the blast and Tony caught me before I hit the floor. I’m more worried about the kids who are hurt.”
Principal Granger looked around. There were at least seven kids sitting on the floor with teachers beside them. He shook his head. “Do you have any idea who did this?”
Tony looked down. “I got a pretty good idea.”
The principal turned his focus on Tony. “Well, Mr. Burns?”
“Since Erin made me promise to be good, I’ve been kinda staying away from certain individuals. I think this is pay back.”
Paramedics came up the stairs. Principal Granger pointed to the injured students. He turned back to me. “So you don’t feel this is connected to the issue from this morning?”
“I don’t see how it could be? How would Mr. Hart get something like that into the school and how would he know where my locker was? It makes more sense that it was these other guys. They’ve made some threats. I thought it was just show.” I looked at the blacken mess inside my locker. “Obviously it was more than that.”
Principal Granger looked back at Tony. “I’m assuming you can tell me who they are?”
Tony looked uncomfortable. “And what are they going to do to her if I rat on them?” He motioned to all the kids being treated. “These guys are serious trouble. I don’t want to put Erin into any more danger.”
Principal Granger pursed his lips. “I suppose there is some logic to that.” He shook his head. “No kid left behind.” He waved at us. “Go to class.”
I noticed Professor Linton was one of the teachers helping. I got his attention as we passed. “I’m afraid they blew up my homework.” I heard Tony sputtering to control his laughter.
Professor Linton looked around. “It’s just paper. Go ahead to the room. I’ll be there shortly.”
We walked up the stairs. The classroom was out of control. Tony gave me a squeeze. “Remember, don’t freak out.” He gave an odd look at David.
Davy looked confused at first, gave him a look back, and then got out of his seat. He came up to him and slapped his hands against Tony’s shoulders. “What did you do?”
Tony pushed him back. “I didn’t do nothing!”
David reached for him again. Tony grabbed his hands. I saw him slip the note into David’s hand. I figured that was good enough. “Guys! Back off.” I stepped between them but turn to face David. He slipped the note into his pocket. “Tony didn’t do anything. Somebody put a bomb in my locker.”
David backed up a step. His face shown real concern. “Are you all right?” He looked up at Tony. “It was those guys, wasn’t it? Your bad ass friends! And now they’re targeting her?”
Tony growled at him. “Put a sock in it or I will.”
I pulled Tony toward our seats. Professor Linton came in as we sat down. He started passing out homework and collecting the assignments. I noticed David read the note. He glanced over at Tony. I wished I understood their private facial language. It was fascinating.
The discussion on the chapter turned out to be even more fascinating for me, especially after the lecture in Soc-Ec. It was like the two had been meant to go together. I hadn’t had a chance to actually read the chapter and I felt bad about that. I had to ask for a new book and I did my best to skim quickly through to catch the important parts.
A debate grew over the rights of the migrant people to set up Hoovervilles. I was torn by the plight of these desperate people who had lost everything. I understood that on a very personal level. Tony had a trouble look on his face. Professor Linton called on him. He was quiet for a moment. “How do we feel about homeless people on the streets? They are in the same position. They have nothing. People treat them like dirt.” The discussion expanded until the bell rang.
 Professor Linton reminded everyone of the next reading assignment as we slid out of the classroom. I no longer had a locker so I just put the books in my bag. Tony walked with me down to the gym. I could tell he was still caught up with the discussion. We stopped by the gym doors. He pulled me close. He was shaking. I pulled back far enough that I could see his face. “Are you okay?”
He leaned his forehead against mine. “No. I’m thinking about the danger I put you in. I never meant to but that doesn’t excuse the fact that I did.”
“Tony, you can’t control other people. This is something I learned a long time ago. The only thing we can really control is us, our actions and our reactions to everything that happens around us. You had no way of knowing what was going to happen.”
He pulled me close and kissed my neck. “If you had been hurt, I would have never forgiven myself.”
I could feel him trembling. I touched his face and felt the dampness. He was crying. I held him tighter. “Are you going to class?”
He pulled back and wiped his sleeve across his face. “I got to check in and then I will. What would the teachers think if I showed up on time?”
I kissed his chin. “That I could tame a King Cobra.”
He managed a small laugh. “My Dragon Lady.”
The way he was looking at me made me warm in a new way. It was odd and I knew I shouldn’t feel that way about him. The bell rang. “I have to go change.” I reluctantly pulled away.
I hurried into the locker room. Jill was just dumping her clothes in her gym locker. She grabbed my arm. “Are you okay? Did someone really bomb your locker?”
“Life is just on the weird side today. I’m on a roll.” I opened my backpack and pulled out my leotard. “I’m going to get changed. I’ll be out in a few.”
We had all the equipment to work on today. Ms. Addison assigned us to groups and we did the rotation. I took it easy. I could tell I wasn’t on today. I did very basic routines and didn’t push my body. Rita was off, too. She was teary-eyed, worried about Jenny, as were several of the other girls. I felt bad. In all the commotion with my locker, I’d forgotten about her.
I was relieved when the bell rang. Tony met me by the front door. “I’m going to walk you to work, just to be safe. I’m still worried about those bastards.” He put his arm around me and we walked down the steps together.
“What are the options?”
He considered that for a moment. “My biggest problem is that all I have is circumstantial and that’s not going to hold up in court. Unless forensics can come up with something to connect them directly to the bomb, all we have are verbal threats – not good enough.
A reflection in a shop window we were passing caught my attention. It was a car with tinted windows. It had pulled up to the street and several men in dark suits had gotten out. It didn’t feel right. This was the wrong kind of place for people like that. I paused at the next window and watched them in the reflection.
Tony stared at the shop window. “I really don’t see that as your style.”
“I’m not looking at the clothes.” They were coming up behind us. They had fanned out. “Whatever happens, don’t let them get my backpack.” I spun around to face our attackers.

* * *
14
I had been in a couple of real confrontations before but never with men that looked like movie hitmen. They all wore sunglasses and had slicked back hair. There were no distinguishing features to set them apart. My guess is this was on purpose. There would be no real way to describe them accurately later.
I fell into a ready back stance. Tony took up a slightly more relaxed version beside me. He had his hand in the inner pocket of his jacket. I decided to provide a distraction. I faced the one who seemed a step ahead of the others. “Back off or I’ll do you damage!” 
There was a slight upward turn to the corners of his mouth. “Erin Dawson, come with us now and your friend won’t get hurt.”
Tony tensed. “She’s not going anywhere with you!” He moved a half step closer.
The other three began closing around the sides. I calculated the distance between us and the dojo. It was less than a block. We could make a run for it. I saw the movement of a hand. At least one of them had a gun. That changed things. I waited until I had two of them, including the gunman, in range. “Kia!”
Tony spun around with an impressive roundhouse kick and took out the guy on his far side. The other one advanced on him and he got in a solid punch.
My primary focus was the guy with the gun but I wasn’t going to give the talker any slack. I used a karate side kick aimed for the gunman’s hand. The talker reached for me and I met his arms with an Aikido block. I used my momentum to twist away. I spun around and pushed him in the direction he was already falling.
My kick had done what I’d hoped. The gun went skittering into the street. All four men were on the ground. I grabbed Tony’s arm. “Run!” I pulled him toward the dojo. I could hear sirens in the distance.
I glanced back. The men were getting up but the talker pointed toward the car. The gunman went for his gun. I saw his intent. I pushed Tony into the closest doorway. The glass window next to us shattered. Tony curled around me protectively. “Holy shit!”
Fortunately the police car was coming from our direction. The black car sped off in the other direction. I leaned into Tony. He was shaking. For some reason, I wasn’t. I was in control. I had been training all my life for a situation like this and I had passed the test. I noticed he was bleeding. “Were you hit?”
He touched the trickle of blood on the side of his face. “Just broken glass, I think. How are you?”
“I’m okay.”
Max appeared beside us. His eyes went wide. “Erin! Are you both all right?”
“Tony got hit by some glass but other than that, I think we’re both okay.”
Max put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Hang on. I’ll see if the officers have medics on the way.” He jogged over to the officer, who was talking to a frighten woman.
Tony swore under his breath. “I didn’t even see her.”
“I think she came out of the store where we fought the men.”
Tony looked around then pulled me forward. The officer was already looking in our direction. He looked familiar. Tony waved to him. “Hey, O’Brian. They’re already long gone. They took off when they heard the siren.”
The officer was looking at Tony’s face. “I got a medic on the way. Anyone else hurt?”
“I don’t know. You should probably check the shop where the window is blown. Make sure no one else got splattered.”
A blue car drove up and parked by the police car. David jumped up and ran to us. “Tony! What happened?”
Tony looked around. “Davy, we’re too close to school. There could still be eyes here. Make yourself scarce. I can cover because of Erin.”
Max pointed down the street. “My dojo is that door with the banner hanging over it. You can park around back. Just take the alley. We’ll meet you inside.”
David nodded and went back to his car. We watched him drive off. Tony turned to me. “Now the question is, who are these guys connected to – the No Names or your grandfather.”
Max looked confused. We tried to fill him in. The medics showed up. Max put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Let them get you cleaned up. I’m going to take Erin over to the dojo. Come join us when they release you.”
I walked with Max to the dojo. “Do you know about Tony?”
“That he’s an officer? Yes. I met him at the hospital. His captain was giving him a hard time because he wouldn’t leave you.” He opened the door for me. “And I also met Davy.”
David was standing at the front desk, talking to Ryan. He turned as we came in. “My sister is on her way down. Do you think your grandfather sent those guys to grab you?”
“That’s one possibility. Tony is worried that they also could be connected to the outside source of the No Names.”
David covered his face with his hands. “Oh, what a mess. How could Tony have dragged you into that?”
“He didn’t. I made the choice to help him. Tony has no control over what the No Names think or do.”
Tony came in with a nicely dressed lady. David waved to her. “This is my sister, Diana.”
Tony grinned. “Amazing what you find wandering around the streets down here.”
She frowned at him and turned her attention to me. She held out her hand. “I’m Diana Kinslow, Attorney at Law with Pierce County Legal Services.” I shook her hand. She looked around. “Is there some place we can talk?”
Max pointed down the hallway. “You can use my office.”
She tilted her head slightly. “And you are?”
Max introduced himself and explained our connection. That seemed to satisfy her. I walked next to him as he led the way down the hall. “I do have a class at three thirty.”
“Don’t worry, Erin. I’ll just keep them with the other class for today. They are actually farther along on the current kata. Maybe they will be able to help their fellow students.”
I spent the next hour answering Diana’s questions. Tony and David also added things that I wouldn’t have thought of but their experience as officers was on their side. I put things back into the envelope that she had been looking at. “Is there any way you can keep these safe? Officer Hagen and Tony both agree that they are very important because they are the originals.”
She took the envelope. “Absolutely. I can put them in the safe at our office. I’m also going to request any information concerning your grandfather, your mother, and the Gordons from the state of California. You said Captain Hagen suggested a DNA test already? That’s a good thing. It will save me the time of making the request.” She looked at David. “I know you guys are on a case at the school. Will you be able to double things if I ask for a protection order?”
David shrugged. “We’re already involved.” He didn’t look happy. “We need to find a way to keep the No Names from pulling any more stunts like that.”
Tony closed his eyes. “I don’t have enough to make any kind of conviction stick. They all have parole officers but you know what good that does. Hamilton is the end of the rope. Granger really hates the ‘no kid left behind’ thing.”
I glanced at the clock. “Is there anything else you need from me? I’d really rather not miss my next class if I can help it.”
Diana smiled at me. “I appreciate your dedication. I don’t have anything else. You’re obviously safe here. Will you be all right after you leave?”
“Max drives me to the center and I don’t think anyone is going to try anything there. Captain Hagen said he was going to talk to Ms. Parker. We take the bus to school in the morning so I should be good.”
Tony hugged me. “And I now have a good excuse to walk you to work. Okay, Dragon. Knock ‘em out.”
I shook my head. “Thanks, Diana. I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” I went into the locker room to change. 
Amy caught me as I went out. She handed me a bag. “This is for you. It’s starting to get cold. I got a new one from my aunt for my birthday and I don’t wear this one anymore. It should fit you.”
I pulled the coat out of the bag. It was a thick winter parka. “Does it really get that cold here?”
She laughed. “You’d be surprised. We even get snow some years. But this is water-proof, too. Just the thing for the rainy Pacific Northwest winters.”
I hugged her. “Thank you.”
She grinned. “Got any snow dragons for it?”
“I’ll put Fafnir on it. He’s a dragon from Norse mythology. They lived in the cold north.”
I put the coat in the locker room and went to my class. My students looked relieved to see me. We moved into the lesson. Tony watched from the doorway for a few minutes then left. I tried to stay focused but my thoughts were distracted.
The third class went well. These students had no idea what was going on with my life as they only had class on Wednesdays and Fridays. Many of them had come to the open house and were talking about all of the demonstrations. A couple asked me about the Sinawali performance. My throat tightened. I wondered how Philip was doing. I hadn’t seen Yan today.
At dinner, I noticed he wasn’t there. I mentioned it to Steven. “He usually doesn’t come in on Wednesdays.”
I finished my dinner and went to the classroom. Students began arriving. Rebecca came in with another girl that I had seen around school. She brought her over. “This is Shelly. She decided to come to class with me.”
Shelly was looking at my gee. “Is there a dragon on that, too?”
“There is. He’s a lot harder to see because of the black material. I used a special metallic marker to draw him.”
“That is so cool! Rebecca wore her dragon to school on Monday. It looks so amazing. I wish I had a dragon.”
“Dragons are very particular. They only come out for people who are worthy to wear them. You have to have a healthy body, mind, and spirit.”
I could see the hopeful look on her face. “I’m really trying hard. That’s one of the reasons I’m taking the class. Rebecca says it will help me get in shape.”
“It does help improve muscle tone and many of the things I teach in this class will also help improve your outlook on life.”
Rebecca put an arm around Shelly’s shoulders. “Things have been rough for her lately. Her mom and dad got a divorce. Her mom’s new boyfriend isn’t the nicest guy. I thought this class might help her feel safer.”
I thought about how my dragons made me feel when I wore them. It sounded like she really did need one. “If you bring a blank shirt, I’ll see if I can find your dragon for you.”
Her eyes brightened. “Thank you so much.”
Everyone worked hard in the class. I was impressed with the new students who had joined us. I now had twelve ladies taking self-defense.
Robert was in my last class of the evening so Rebecca stayed. She sat along the wall and watched her brother’s class work on their kata. After class she came up to me. “That’s really different from what we do in class.”
“Karate has a different purpose. We actually use a few skills from Karate in self-defense but we also use skills from many other arts, sometimes in combination. Each art was developed in different places at different times. Katas are training drills that strengthen muscles and improve balance and flexibility. When you are defending yourself, you are facing an attacker who is trying to hurt you. Your goal is to survive that attack.”
“I get it. We use what works at the time.”
I smiled at her. “I wish I could talk longer but I have to go change. Max has to drop me off at the center.”
“Is that where you’re living now?”
I shrugged. “It’s more where I’m sleeping. That’s about all I do there. I’m either here or at school the rest of the time.”
Robert came out. I said good night to them and went into the locker room. Amy and Linda were both there. I changed into my street clothes. Linda came and sat on the bench next to me while I tied my shoes. “I can’t imagine what it’s like to lose a mom. I depend on mine for so much. If you ever just want to talk, you know we’re here.”
Amy came over and leaned against the wall. “Things sound pretty crazy in your life right now. Linda’s right. You can count on us if you need to spill some of it.”
I stood up. “You’re both awesome. Right now I’m just trying to figure a lot of stuff out. I had to get a lawyer and I’m not sure what’s going to happen.”
We walked out together. Max was waiting in the hall. “I hate to rush you but I don’t want you to be late for curfew.”
I said goodnight to the girls and walked to Max’s car. The air was cold. I was glad for the warm coat. “I feel like I’ve dumped a load of trouble on your doorstep.”
Max headed for the center. “Life does that sometimes. I used to be an architect until I had a heart attack. That changed my life completely. I felt lost. Getting into the martial arts saved me, literally. It gave me a whole new perspective on life.”
He stopped at the center. I looked toward the door. “Things just seem to be getting crazier. Thanks for everything, Max. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Ms. Auger met me at the door. “Only two minutes to spare.”
“I’m sorry. I teach until nine thirty and I have to clean up the classroom and change.”
She pursed her lips. “What do you teach?”
“All different kinds of martial arts.”
“No wonder you draw on everything.” She shook her head and locked the door. “Lights out in half an hour.”
I went to the dorm room. The girls were chatting quietly. Becca leaned down from her bunk. “You got a jacket. Good thing. It’s supposed to be cold tomorrow.”
“It already is.” I pulled it off and considered how to best present Fafnir on the surface. I had started the layout when Ms. Auger gave us the five minute warning. 
I was going to sleep in my clothes again but Heidi tossed something at me. “You can have these. I found them in the lost and found box.”
I unrolled the bundle. There was a mismatched set of flannel pajamas. They were soft from many washings. “Thanks.” I quickly changed into them. “Hey, Becca, what do we do about laundry?”
She looked down at me. “Ms. Auger will assign you a spot. Probably a weekend morning since you don’t get home until curfew. What do you do, anyway?”
I didn’t get a chance to answer. The lights went out and everyone was quiet. I curled up and tried to sleep. So much had happened that day. My mind seemed to be spinning. I finally closed my eyes and drifted off.
I woke early and finished the coat. I also contemplated the last two blank shirts. One did have some light stains. I decided to work with that one first. The shirt was yellow but one of the stains on the front looked almost gold. It reminded me of the shape of an apple. I smiled. I made claws grasping it. The design was a little different because I made the dragon’s head looking out the side from the shoulder. Ladon had guarded Hera’s golden apples but now he was guarding me.
The morning bell sounded and we all rushed to get dressed and beds made before the bus arrived. Tony met me on the front steps. None of his buddies were there yet. I went up to him and he grinned. “That looks so cool! Which dragon is this?”
“Fafnir. He’s Norse. I figured that would be a good choice for cold weather.”
Tony laughed. He put his arm around me and pulled me inside. “Since you don’t have a locker anymore, you can share mine with me. I don’t mind.”
I sighed. “I don’t have my morning period books either, which means I can’t do my homework.”
He redirected us toward the cafeteria. “Well, you start with breakfast. After that, we’ll see if we can track down the other teachers and get you replacements.”
I went through the line and returned with some breakfast. I leaned against him while I ate. “How much trouble did you get in last night?”
Tony looked around. No one was sitting near us. “Not as much as I expected to. Your gift was my saving grace. I got a project for later.” He patted his jacket. “Which teachers do you need books from?”
“Mr. Yenny and Mr. Craig. I had my Soc-Ec with me and Professor Linton already replaced my Lit books.”
“Ah, Grapes.”
“I really need to catch up on the reading. I don’t remember all the little details anymore.”
“After we get your books, I’ll drop you at the library. Davy and I are going to see if we can figure out how many kids are taking little blue aspirin in school.”
I finished my breakfast and we headed for the science wing. Mr. Yenny wasn’t in the classroom so I went to his office. He was sitting at his desk. I knocked on the door and he looked up. “Ms. Dawson. What can I do for you?”
“I don’t know if you heard what happened yesterday but someone put a bomb in my locker. My books are toast. I was wondering if I could get another one.”
He stood up. “Goodness. That was your locker? What a mess. Let me get you a replacement.” He reached up and grabbed one from the shelf.
Tony was doing something but I couldn’t tell what. He was focused on Dr. Marsh’s desk so I figured it might be important. I tried to give him more time. “I know I’ve missed a few lectures. Is there anything you discussed that wasn’t in the textbook?”
He sat back down and opened a file on his computer. “This is the presentation from Tuesday. Do you have internet access? I could send it to you.”
“I don’t even have a computer. Right now, I don’t have much of anything except a few clothes. I’m living at a foster care center.”
“I had no idea. I’m sorry. If you have a few minutes, I can show you the most important slides.”
I looked at the material and got the idea of what the lecture had focused on. Tony tapped me on the back. “Thanks for showing me these. I do have to find Mr. Craig yet and get a new math book.”
He smiled at me. “You’re a very bright student, Ms. Dawson. It’s a pleasure having you in class. If you need any extra help getting caught up, let me know.”
I thanked him and we went out. Once we were far enough down the hall, Tony pulled me into a hug. “You are so amazing!”
“Dare I ask what you were doing?”
“I have my phone in my pocket. It takes pictures. I got everything visible on Dr. Marsh.” He pulled me up the stairs toward the math wing. There was red tape across my locker. “Oh, they didn’t find anything outstanding. Just your average pipe bomb.”
I didn’t know anything about bombs of any kind. “I could do without a repeat of that episode.” I looked in the classroom. Mr. Craig was sitting at his desk. He was more than happy to provide me with a new textbook.
Tony left me at the library. I had about a half an hour before the bell rang. “I’ll be back by then. I just need to check up on a few people.” A couple of his boys came down the hallway toward us. He pulled me close and kissed the side of my neck. “Have to keep up appearances, right?”
The boys had stopped some distance away. They were staring at us. One of them cleared his throat. “What is on your shoulder?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Have you been asleep all this time or are you always an idiot. It’s a dragon. She’s the Dragon Lady.”
His eyes were wide. “That thing looks alive.”
Tony looked at my shoulder. “This is really a cool one. Who is it?”
“Ladon, guardian of Hera’s golden apples.”
He started to laugh. “I love it. He tapped the dragon on the tip of the nose. “You keep my precious apple safe. You got that?” He hugged me again. “See you in a bit.” He went off with the guys.
I went into the library. I only got the science assignment done. I dumped all the books into my backpack. It was heavy now. Tony was at the library door when the bell rang. His expression wasn’t a happy one. I slipped my arm around his waist. “What’s wrong?”
He stopped and pulled me close. “Did a check in with the office. I had them run the plates on the black sedan.” He took a deep breath. “It’s registered to a known mafia connection. I’m getting worried. These guys are serious trouble.”
“So which side are they from? Did my grandfather hire them or are they connected to the No Names?”
He hugged me. “Don’t know and that’s what really has me worried. I hate unknowns.”
I could hear the clamor of the other students moving through the hallways. “I have to get to class. There isn’t anything I can do about these guys right now. Chances are, they aren’t going to jump into my class and grab me. I should be safe.”
He kissed my forehead. “I hope so.” He pulled me toward the science wing. I got to the door as the bell rang. “See you after class.” He let me go and I hurried inside.
Mr. Yenny was setting up a demonstration at the front of the classroom. I went to my seat. The guy who sat across from me was already there. He turned and gasped. “That is the coolest one yet. I’ve heard that you draw all your own designs. Do you ever sell them?”
“No. Dragons are special. You don’t buy and sell them. Dragons only come to people who are worthy to wear them.”
He looked down at his book. “I guess a dragon wouldn’t want anything to do with me.”
His voice chilled me. I glanced over at him. “Why do you think that?”
He didn’t take his eyes off his desk. “I’ve got issues.”
“You also have choices. If you know you have issues, make a choice to change them.”
His face twitched. “It’s not that easy.”
Mr. Yenny called for the homework assignment and everyone began passing in their papers. I handed mine forward. The girl in front of me looked back over her shoulder. “I heard your mom died. That sucks. I know a couple of the kids that live at the foster care center. That must make it even worse.”
I could tell the boy was listening. I thought of Fusan. “Sometimes things happen that are out of our control. There doesn’t seem to be anything I can do about the current situation. All I can do is deal with it.”
Mr. Yenny started his lecture. I glanced at the boy. He seemed to be thinking about something other than the lecture. At the end of class, he turned and looked at me. “My name is Todd, by the way. I know your Tony’s girl. He’d probably pound me if he knew I was talking to you.”
I closed my textbook. “I think I’ve gotten him past that. You aren’t the only one with issues. He’s got a bunch, too. I’m just trying to help him learn how to make better choices.”
The girl in front of me turned to the boy. “You should have seen what happened in the hallway a few weeks ago. Tony was going to dump Kevin’s books and Erin stopped him.”
My face warmed. “Sometimes people do things to look tough so other kids won’t be mean to them.”
Todd looked away. “Even stupid things.”
The bell rang and everyone got up. I touched his arm. “If you can see that something is hurting you or others around you, change it.” I followed the other girl out the door. One of her friends called to her in the hall. I caught the name. Jackie.
Tony was waiting for me at the door. “I’m betting you’d like to drop some of those books. Your shoulder looks droopy.”
His arm felt comfortable around my shoulders. “That would be great.”
We headed for the stairs. “Everything okay? You look like something is up.”
I told him about the conversation with Todd. He opened his locker. “You know, most boys would be jealous if their girlfriend was talking to another guy like that.”
I stacked my books on an empty shelf. “Why? Don’t guys talk to other girls?”
He shut the locker and showed me the combination. “I don’t know. Not like that. There’s just this fuzzy line about what people talk about.”
“Maybe that’s part of the problem. People who should be talking about things are too afraid that someone will get the wrong idea.”
He pulled me toward the art wing. “Remind me again how old you are. You don’t sound like a teenager.”
“I’m seventeen. I’ll be eighteen in April.” I watched the other kids we passed and thought about what he’d said. I paused at the entrance to the art wing. “Maturity doesn’t come with a number. I’ve seen adults a lot older than me act dumber than a teenager. It’s about life experience. I’ve just had a larger portion than most kids.”
Tony hugged me. His forehead met mine. “I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing. Did you ever have a chance to be a kid?”
“Everyone is a kid at some point. It’s a biology thing. How we experience our childhood is different for everyone because of stuff going on around us.”
He pulled me close. “Someday you need to escape, just for a little while, and have fun.”
The bell rang. I noticed Kevin was hanging back, afraid to pass Tony to get to his classroom. I felt sorry for him. I grabbed Tony’s arms. “It’s okay, Kevin. I’ve got him.”
Tony chuckled as Kevin hurried by. “Ah, the great King Cobra trainer.”
“You’re going to have to bring me a shirt.” I let him go. “See you later.”
I grabbed my art board. The picture was almost done. I just needed to get some of the fine details and highlights finished. I started to work on it. Ms. Gilbert paused beside me. She smiled. “I like how you’ve pulled him into the foreground but he’s still hiding. It gives a sense of mystery to the series.”
Several others passed by during class to see it. By the wrap-up warning, I was satisfied with it and decided to spray it and call it done. I pulled the other two images out and set them beside each other. I could see what Ms. Gilbert had meant. I considered the next step in the series. The bell rang and I put the drawings back into my portfolio.
Tony looked damp. I felt his jacket. “Where have you been?”
He didn’t look happy. “Outside dealing with a problem.”
We went back toward his locker. “Can I ask?”
He watched me open the locker then leaned next to it. “I couldn’t exactly let yesterday go without dishing something back.” His voice was tight. “I pounded a couple of them pretty good and found enough on them to make things stick. I hit the panic button and units rolled in. I almost got caught but managed to slip away.”
I shut the locker. “Run that by me again. You almost got caught?”
He pulled me close as we headed for the stairs. “If the uniforms catch me, they have to haul me in or I risk breaking my cover.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“I’m sorry, but those guys could put you in danger and you got enough to worry about without having creeps after you in school.”
David was waiting by the classroom door. He looked relieved when he saw us. He made a face at Tony. I felt Tony tense and slipped away from him. David came at Tony, grabbed his jacket, and swung him into the lockers next to the door. “What were you thinking?”
He pushed something into Tony’s hand. Tony pushed him away. “They went after my girl. You think I’m gonna sit back and let them?”
I was hoping that was sufficient. I caught sight of Principal Granger coming down the hallway. I stepped between them. “I don’t know what this is about, but it’s done. Now.” I turned on David. “What is with you? Are you trying to get him in trouble?” I tracked my eyes in the direction of the principal.
He glanced that way and stiffened. “I’m trying to keep him out of trouble so my dad doesn’t beat the shit out of him at home.”
Principal Granger had stopped a ways away and was watching us. I made a calculated decision. “Maybe that’s the problem. If things weren’t such hell at home, he wouldn’t have to raise hell here.” I turned and pulled Tony away.
He looked confused. He pulled me close. “I didn’t have time to warn you. We needed to do that so he could slip me a note.”
“You had a bigger audience. Maybe I can make it so you don’t have to kill each other to pass notes.”
The bell rang. “Okay, fill me in at lunch.” He let me go. I watched him head for the end of the hallway. I glanced at Principal Granger. He looked thoughtful. I went into the classroom and sat down.
David turned around and looked at me. “Thanks. I didn’t see him coming.”
“Neither did Tony. I just think there’s a better way. Granger was seriously paying attention. Maybe he’ll cut you two some slack now.”
Mr. Craig called for homework. I felt bad. I hadn’t had time to get it done. “I’m sorry, Mr. Craig. I’ll be caught up again by tomorrow.”
He nodded. “I’m not worried. You always do more than what’s assigned anyway.”
His lectures never went the whole period. I managed to not only finish the missing assignments but also the current one and the next two. It was easy math compared to the AP Calculus that I’d had at Lincoln.
Tony met me at his locker after class and we walked to the lunchroom together. I could tell that something was still wrong. “What happened?”
He got behind me in line and enclosed me in his arms. I could feel his breath by my ear. “I’ve been trying to get to that room at the end of the science wing but there’s always someone in the hall. It’s driving me crazy.”
“Maybe you need a reason to be there. It’s the end of the hall. I’ve seen kids make out there before.”
He chuckled softly. “You’re going to get me in trouble.”
We got our lunches and went to our corner. Some of his boys were already waiting there for him. One of them was grinning broadly. “I heard you put the hurt on Stacks and Cream.”
Tony’s face went taut. “Shut up!” He looked around. “I had cops chasing me out of there. I don’t exactly want to advertise. You know what I mean?”
The boys drew back. Tony guarded me from interruption while I ate what he described as mystery meat on a bun with a side of grease sticks. We left the cafeteria. Some of the boys tagged along. We didn’t need an audience. “Isn’t there somewhere around here where we can get a little alone time?”
Tony grinned at me. “I know a few spots.” He looked at the boys suggestively. “See you later.” They all laughed. He pulled me toward the stairs. We went to the science wing. “It looks empty.”
I pulled him down the hall. “Looks that way.” I stopped by the door and pulled him close. I’d seen enough kids making out in halls to have a pretty good idea of what it should look like. “Do you need to see what you’re doing?”
He pulled something out of his coat pocket. There was an odd looking key in a pouch. “I’ll look over your shoulder.” He put his arms around me and we leaned against the door. I could feel his hand working at the doorknob beside my hip.
I kept watch down the hallway. A couple of other kids saw us and changed course. A teacher came out of the science office, glanced our direction, shook his head, and walked away. A few more kids came and went from their lockers but no one got too close. Another teacher came out of the science office with a tray in his hands. I recognized him. “Dr. Marsh is headed this way.”

* * *
15
Tony nuzzled my neck and slid his hand into the back pocket of my jeans. “I got it. Actually you have it right now.” His quiet whisper tickled my ear.
Dr. Marsh had paused a short distance away and was watching us. It was almost clinical. I considered his profession. We weren’t going to fool him much longer. I turned my head toward Tony’s. Our lips met. His eyes widened. I could hear Dr. Marsh’s footsteps. I deepened the kiss. Tony responded. I felt the warmth spreading through me. It wasn’t like kissing Philip. Tony was closer to my height. Our bodies seemed to naturally fit together. I began to feel the way his body was in contact with mine. His hands moved along my back.
Dr. Marsh cleared his throat. “Could you take your groping elsewhere? Some of us have work to do.”
Tony broke the kiss. I was glad he was holding me so tightly or I might have fallen. He looked over at the man. “Excuse me! It’s lunch time.” He pulled me away from the door. “Come on. There are other quiet corners in this place. We’ll find another one.”
We walked away. I glanced back and saw Dr. Marsh disappear into the room. “Did you see what he was carrying? Those are some of the chemicals David described.”
Tony pulled me in the direction of the library. He was very quiet. We paused by the library door. He hugged me. I could feel him shaking. He rested his face on my shoulder. “Why did you do that?”
“Dr. Marsh was watching us. The guy is a clinical psychiatrist. He would have known we were faking it.”
He was having trouble breathing. “Please don’t tell Davy about that or I’m gonna lose my badge.”
I pulled his face up. “Why?”
His eyes looked glassy. “Because you are only seventeen and I am twenty five. That’s a serious fine line.” He traced the edge of my face with his thumb. “There are rules in this business because Davy and I are adults. There are things we’re not supposed to do with the students in the schools we’re working in. You know what I mean?”
I could hear his voice. There was no slur to his words. This was Tony the officer talking. “I don’t want to get in trouble but I didn’t want Dr. Marsh to ask any questions either.” I reached into my pocket and pulled out the key.
He took it and examined it in the light. There were slight indents along both ridges. “Looks like it caught all the tumblers.” He put it back in the case. He looked at his watch. “There’s only two minutes before the bell rings. I’ve messed up your study schedule.”
I could feel the shift in topic. There were things I really wanted to say to him but I was afraid to. I really liked the way he kissed but would he take that wrong if I told him? “I’ll manage.”
He hugged me again. We walked toward the social sciences wing. He was still very quiet. I saw Ms. Henning at the classroom door talking to Ms. Green. Tony pulled us to a stop. “Ten to one she’s looking for you. I hope I haven’t gotten you in trouble.”
The laugh escaped. “Are you kidding? You’re the least of my issues. Consider my life. I’m almost waiting for a Martian attack or something totally off the wall.”
He laughed, too. “Point taken.” He hugged me. “I’ll be watching for you.”
The bell rang. We walked to the door and I mentally braced myself. Ms. Henning looked at me. “I hate to pull you out of class. I know you’ve already missed a lot this week. Your lawyer is here and needs to meet with you.”
I looked at Tony. His face betrayed his worry. I squeezed his hand. “I’ll see you next period. I hope.” I walked quietly down the hall with Ms. Henning.
Diana was in the conference room waiting for me. “I’m sorry I had to pull you out of class but things are being pushed by the other side. There’s a preliminary hearing set for tomorrow morning and I need to have paperwork in by four this afternoon. I’ve already talked to the secretary to get you excused.”
I sank into the chair across from her. “I take it this isn’t normal.”
She shuffled papers and began laying them out on the table. “Generally not but the judge is allowing it because you’re in a state funded facility and your grandfather obviously has money.” She sounded disgusted. She pushed one of the piles toward me. “These are all certified copies of the originals you gave me. There’s no way I’m taking the originals to court.”
I glanced at them. “Did you have time to get anything from California?”
“No, I didn’t and I’m betting that’s one of the reasons he’s pushing this case forward so fast. But this is only the preliminary. I’m going to ask for an extension for fact gathering as I just took on this case yesterday.”
She pulled out some documents. “Read these over. If there’s anything you don’t understand, please ask. If you agree with all of the statements, sign and date next to the sticky.”
I began reading. The documents were straight forward. I was fighting my grandfather’s custody due to conflict of interest. “It all seems to make sense.”
She was still for the moment. She sat watching me. “I wish Mr. Gusalli was paying you for the work you do. If you had an income we could claim emancipation. You’ll be eighteen in only six months. Have you considered a job that could support you?”
“In all honesty, we jumped around so much that I was just focused on trying to finish high school. My mom always paid the bills.” My throat tightened. I felt lost without her.
“Mr. Gusalli spoke highly of your skills. Is there a place where you could get a job that would pay you to teach martial arts?”
“I’m not sure. I looked at several other dojos but I wasn’t impressed with them. They are more focused on competition so they would probably want a teacher with all the certifications and belt rankings. Max doesn’t focus on things like that.”
Diana stared at a thick stack of papers. “Ms. Henning gave me your transcripts. You have an amazing grade point average and you’ve taken AP classes at some of the high schools you’ve attended. You’re obviously very intelligent. Any ideas on a career path?”
I hadn’t given it much thought. I glanced at my shirt. “Well, I am an artist. Ms. Gilbert is helping me put together my senior portfolio. And people have asked me if my designs are for sale.”
She chewed on the cap of her pen. “That might be something. Do you do all the designs on your clothes?”
“I do. I started drawing on them to cover up stains because I got most of my clothes from free boxes.” I pointed to the apple on my shirt. “This was a stain that I worked this design around.”
“Wow! That’s really amazing. How long did it take you to draw that?”
“Less than an hour. I finished a design on a coat first then did this one.”
“Well, it will give you something to consider. You’re going to need some kind of income to support yourself in April. The state will drop you once you turn eighteen.”
I signed the papers and gave them back to her. “What time do I need to be there tomorrow?”
She shoved the papers back into a folder. “The hearing is set for ten tomorrow morning. I can pick you up at the center at nine.”
“Actually, it would be better to pick me up here. They don’t serve breakfast at the center on school days. All the kids eat breakfast here. And I could at least get through first period and part of second.”
She closed her briefcase. “All right. Let’s go make that arrangement with the secretary.”
We went out and I waited while she talked to the lady at the front desk. The lady looked at me. “Come into the office in the morning so I can give you a hall pass.” She wrote one out for me so I could catch the last fifteen minutes of class.
We walked out of the office. “Don’t worry, Erin. We’re going to fight this. I need to get these papers filed. I’ll see you in the morning.”
I headed for the stairs. Tony emerged from the lower stairway. “What’s going on?”
I looked around. “Don’t you ever go to class?”
He shrugged. “Sometimes.”
“I have to go to court tomorrow. Diana said my grandfather is pushing the case. She thinks it’s because she requested information from California.”
Tony pulled me to a stop a half a locker set from the classroom door. “I wish I could be with you but I’m kind of stuck here. Diana’s good. You can trust her.”
“She’s given me a lot to think about.” I hugged him. “I have to get to class. I’ve got to get caught up on my homework.”
“I think your teachers will understand.” We walked the last few feet. “I’ll see you in a few.”
I went into the classroom. Ms. Green looked relieved to see me. I handed her the hall pass and took my seat. Rebecca was wearing Rubicon. She grinned at me. Others in the classroom were looking at me. I felt uncomfortable.
Ms. Green gave out the assignment. I flipped open the textbook. I’d missed a lot. She came back to my desk. “I realized you’ve missed a lot of class lately. If you need extra time, I’ll understand.”
I thought about tomorrow. I had no idea how long I would be gone. “I should warn you. I might not be here tomorrow either. It depends on how long things take. I have to go to court tomorrow.”
“I am going to be assigning a paper tomorrow. Let me give you the handout in case you don’t get back in time.” She gave it to me. I glanced at it. “Could I use a comparison with Grapes of Wrath? That’s what yesterday’s lecture made me think about.”
She grinned. “That’s a great idea.” She walked over to answer a question.
Rebecca touched my arm. “I’m sorry everything is so crazy for you right now. Will you still be teaching tomorrow night?”
“I hope so. Diana is a good lawyer. She said that this is only a preliminary so nothing will really be decided. It’s more like opening a discussion and deciding when we’re going to really talk about it.”
The bell rang. I pushed the handout into the textbook and headed for the door. One of the other students motioned to me. “That dragon looks like Ladon. I like Greek mythology. I saw a vase once with Ladon on it.”
“I’ve seen a picture of the vase. That’s where I got the idea for him.”
“You’re a really good artist. Did you draw the dragon on Rebecca’s shirt, too?”
I saw Tony in the hallway. “I did.” Tony gave the boy a mean look and put his arm around my shoulders. “Tony, you’re going to have to get over that. He just asked about the dragon.”
He sighed. “It’s an image thing.” We went to his locker and we both pulled out our Lit books. We walked down the hall to the classroom. David was standing in the doorway. He gave Tony a look. Tony leaned close to my ear. “We’re going to get into a little fight.”
I stopped so fast he ran into me. I turned and caught him. “No.” I said it loud and firm. I looked at David. “Come here.”
David looked confused but came up to us. Other kids were staring. Some looked worried. “There is absolutely no good reason for you two to fight.” I turned to face Tony but held one hand open at my side. I planted the other one on Tony’s chest. “No matter who starts it, you both lose. You both end up getting in trouble.” I felt something in my hand and closed my fingers around the note. I turned to face David and pushed the note into Tony’s hand. “You guys are cousins. You’re family. Haven’t you been paying attention in class? Don’t you get what Steinbeck is trying to say about family? The family can only be strong if it stands together.”
Professor Linton leaned out the doorway of the classroom. “That is an excellent observation, Ms. Dawson. Why don’t we bring that discussion into the classroom?”
I glanced at Tony. He grinned at me and put his arm around my shoulders. “How can anyone argue with you? I sure don’t stand a chance.” He glanced at David. “You coming?”
David looked bewildered but followed us into the classroom. Professor Linton used my comment as a starting place for the discussion on the reading assignment. I thought more about the current day migrant workers we were studying in Soc-Ec and added that into the discussion. It became intense. Tony added in the plight of the homeless people on the streets of Tacoma again. That hit home to several of the other kids. We talked right up to the bell.
Professor Linton held up his hands to get everyone’s attention. “Because this is obviously an important topic, I’m not going to assign any additional reading. I’d like your reflection paper to be about this conversation and how you feel about these topics.” He let us go.
Tony and I walked to his locker. “Wow! That was really something.”
I dropped my books inside. “I’m kind of glad it took off in the direction it did. I have to a write a paper for Soc-Ec on the same topic.”
He chuckled. “Two for the price of one. What a deal.”
“I just hope I have time to write it.”
We started for the gym. Tony pulled me close. “I’ll be good tomorrow morning and let you study.” We paused by the door. “I’ll see you after school.” He let me go and drifted into the flow.
I went into the locker room and changed. Jill smiled at me. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m doing better today, thanks.” I put my clothes in my backpack and then into the gym locker. “Have you thought about what you’re going to do after graduation?”
Jill walked out beside me. “I want to go to the community college. When my grandma died she left me some money and I’ve been saving up everything that I can. Someday I’d like to be a teacher.”
“High school?”
She laughed. “No, I was thinking more like younger kids. I help out at a summer camp and most of the kids there are third or fourth graders. That’s a good age. They haven’t gotten too obnoxious yet.”
The low balance beams were all set up. “Looks like we’re working on beam routines today.”
Jill grimaced. “My least favorite. How do you always look so confident? I’m terrified I’m going to slip off and get hurt.”
“You have to watch where you’re putting your hands and feet. It’s important to keep your eyes on the beam and stay focused.”
Ms. Addison called us for warm-ups then divided us up into groups. Rita ended up in my group and stared at me coldly. “I heard you got called to the office today. You always seem to be in trouble.”
I ignored her and concentrated on my routine. I kept it simple. That seemed to make Ms. Addison happy. I spent more time helping Jill, who was also in our group.
Rita was working on a routine for the upcoming competition. She was frustrated because she kept slipping off the beam after her round-off. I watched her and realized she wasn’t looking at where her feet were going as her body twisted. “Try turning your head a little more so you can see the beam as your feet come down.”
“Why don’t you show me?” Her tone was snooty. She came to the side of the beam.
I got onto the beam and set up for the round-off. As I twisted, Rita pushed me. I tried to compensate. My right foot was only half on the beam when I landed and my left foot was poorly placed. I felt the pain and rolled away from the beam.
Jill looked horrified. “Rita! What were you thinking? Ms. Addison! Erin’s hurt!” She rushed to my side.
I was doing a self-assessment, trying to decide if anything had actually been damaged. I looked at Jill. “I think it’s just strained.”
Ms. Addison knelt beside me. “Let me have a look.” She felt my legs, ankles, and feet. “I don’t think anything is broken. Let’s see if you can put weight on it.” She helped me up.
I took a few steps. I tried not to show just how much it really hurt. “I’m probably done for the day.”
Ms. Addison looked concerned. “Jill, could you help Erin up to the health room, please? Rita, my office. Now.”
I heard Rita complaining as Jill and I headed for the stairs. She was trying to support some of my weight. “That was so wrong. What is Rita’s issue? Tony chose you over her. She needs to get over it.”
We got to the office and the secretary looked up. “Ms. Dawson?” She looked at Jill. “Oh, my. Bring her this way.” She escorted us to the health room.
Nurse Kern pointed to one of the small rooms. “What happened?”
I sat down. “Another student bumped into me as I was on the balance beam and I landed wrong. I don’t think anything is broken.”
She dismissed Jill and examined by legs, questioning me about the level of pain. “Well, you’re probably right. You strained the muscles. Let me get a couple of cold wraps.” She returned with them and wrapped them in place. She sat down in the chair next to me. “You’ve been having a difficult week. Sounds like a lot of stressful things. Are you feeling depressed?”
I was surprised by the question. It wasn’t something I thought a school nurse would ask. I considered what Tony and David were working on and decided to play along and see what she’d do. “It’s been really hard. Everything is all wrong. My mom died and I had to go to foster care. Another girl is jealous of my boyfriend. Some wackos in school blew up my locker and now I’m behind in all my classes.” I hung my head.
She patted me on the back. “How’s the pain doing in your legs? I can give you some aspirin. That should help.” She pulled a bottle out of her pocket and shook a couple of pink pills into it. She got a glass of water and handed them to me.
I wasn’t about to take them. I let the tiny pills slide into the cracks of my fingers, put my hand to my mouth, and swallowed the water. I handed the cup back to her. As she turned around to throw it away I tucked the pills into the sleeve of my leotard.
She made me lay there until only five minutes remained in the period. “How are you doing? Feeling any better?”
I wasn’t sure how the pills were supposed to make me feel. “I am, thank you.” She let me get up. “It doesn’t hurt that much anymore.”
She smiled at me. “If you feel any more pain, just stop in.”
I escaped from the health room and headed back to the gym. The other girls were already in the locker room. Jill was relieved to see me. “Ms. Addison sent Rita home. She’s on suspension from the team. The other girls aren’t happy about that. Rita is better than they are. They’re afraid they are going to lose the competition without her.”
I changed quickly as I listened. I didn’t have a baggie so I wrapped the pills in a tissue and put them in my pocket. “I feel sorry for them. Rita hurts herself and a lot of other people around her.”
The bell rang. I grabbed my backpack and headed out. I was relieved to see Tony waiting for me. He frowned. “Are you okay? You look like you’re limping.”
“I am. It’s a long story but I have something for you. I just want to grab my coat from your locker.”
“Our locker. I believe in sharing.”
I leaned into him. “So does Nurse Kern.” I pushed the rolled up tissue into his hand. “Be careful. They are small.”
He looked concerned. “What happened?”
I grabbed my coat. “I’ll tell you once we get out of here.” He took my coat and held it for me so I could slip into it. “You are such a gentleman. I must really be ruining your bad boy image.”
He chuckled. “The guys are watching me. I’m teaching by example.”
I caught sight of several of his gang on the steps. “Do you think it will help?”
“One can only hope.” He made a hand sign to the guys that they repeated back at him. “Later, dudes.” He had a smug grin on his face as he put his arm around me. “They’re actually taking bets on how far I’m getting with you.”
“That’s sad.”
He laughed. “Tell me about it.”
After we put some distance between us and the school, I filled him in on what had happened. “I’m taking a guess that those aren’t aspirin. You’ll probably find them on the list.”
He pulled me close. “That was a dangerous risk. What if she would have checked to make sure you’d swallowed them?”
“I didn’t give her any reason to doubt that I hadn’t.” I stopped at the door of the dojo. “But I’d say Nurse Kern obviously knows what she’s giving out.”
“It sure sounds that way.” He looked around. “At least things seem to be quiet today. Are you going to be okay to teach with your legs all ouchy?”
I started to laugh. “You are so silly sometimes.”
He grinned. “I win. I made you laugh.” He hugged me. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I went in but paused by the window and watched him walk away. I touched my lips, remembering the kiss. Had he felt anything? There was no way I could ask. I went in and almost walked into Yan.
He frowned at me. “That kid is nothing but trouble. He got kicked out of my school for dealing drugs. How did you get messed up with him?”
Max looked up from where he sat at the front desk. “What?”
I sighed. “He’s cleaned up his act and I think I’ve even got him past his fighting. He might be worthy of a dragon someday.”
Yan didn’t look convinced. “You shouldn’t hang around with people like that. They’re nothing but trouble.”
Max was studying me. “Erin, are you hurt?”
“Is it that obvious? I’m trying not to feel it.” I stretched both legs. “I slipped off the low beam in gym today when another student bumped into me. It’s just a strain. I’ll be okay.”
He looked at the list. “No kicks tonight. Call out the movement but don’t do it yourself.”
I agreed. Yan was watching me. “Philip is getting out of the hospital today. He’s going to try to stop in later tonight.”
I was confused by the harsh sound of his tone. I didn’t know how to take it. Was he warning me? I didn’t know what to say. I went to the locker room and changed. Others had begun to arrive when I came out. I moved to my classroom. The students weren’t there yet but I wanted a little time to focus myself. I began a set of Tai Chi.
Ryan stopped in the doorway and watched silently for a moment. I paused and made eye contact. “What’s up?”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt. You have such nice form. I was just watching.”
A couple of students squeezed past him into the room. I closed out the set and felt my legs complaining. “That was probably the right place for me to stop anyway. My legs are pretty sore.”
Ryan motioned for me to come closer. I did. He dropped his voice. “Philip is going to be here after dinner.”
“Did you visit him in the hospital?”
“I went over with Yan after school yesterday.” He looked down. “I’m not sure what to think. I know the two of you were good friends.”
My gut tightened. “What do you mean?”
“Philip and Yan were talking about you.” He sighed. “I think Yan blames you for what happened to Philip. It’s not right. That wasn’t your fault.” He looked around at the students who’d come in. “Just don’t be surprised by his attitude.” Ryan walked away.
I was stunned. I fought to center myself. I went to the front of the classroom. “Let’s start some warm-ups. Get your muscles ready for the work.” I began doing some light stretches. My mind was whirling. I felt confused.
The last of the students filed in. When everyone had a few minutes of stretching, I began the lesson. We got through it and the kids were understanding when I explained why I couldn’t do any of the kicks with them.
The next two classes went well, too. I had a parent stop at the end of my third class. “I just want to thank you. Charlie has improved so much since you took over his class. And he’s doing better at home, too. He doesn’t argue with his sister anymore. How did you manage that?”
I leaned against the wall and capped my water bottle. “Charlie had some issues when I took over this class. I just taught him my three rules. Don’t harm yourself, don’t harm others, and do the least amount of harm to the earth.”
She smiled. “Well, he’s taken it to heart. I’m just so glad you joined the staff.” She walked out with her arm around her son.
I was smiling by the time I got to the kitchen. Susan was unwrapping some baking dishes. “Hey, Erin. How have you been doing?”
I grabbed the lids and rinsed them. “I just got the nicest compliment. That certainly helps.”
Max came in and leaned over Susan’s shoulder. “What have you cooked up for us tonight?”
“I’ve been experimenting with a Moo Goo Gai Pan recipe by adding more vegetables. And I have a mixed grain medley to go with it. It has rice and a list of different ancient grains in it.”
He hugged her. “It smells amazing.” He looked over at me. “Why don’t you tell the others to come and grab a plate?”
We all sat at the big table in the library and enjoyed the new tastes. I listened to the others talking. Amy and Linda were discussing an upcoming basketball game between their schools. The boys were talking about Steven’s new car. Max and Susan added in their comments to both conversations.
I finished my dinner and took my plate to the kitchen, rinsed it, and put it in the drainer. Yan came in with his plate. “Since you got hurt in school, maybe you should leave early tonight.”
I glanced at him. “I don’t like to miss class.”
He frowned. “Philip really doesn’t want to see you.”
I turned and walked out. I went to the main classroom where Max taught his lessons. The bamboo shades were already drawn but I could see the headlights of passing cars on the street. I sat down and began stretching, trying not to think about anything.
Linda came in and sat down next to me. “Erin, are you okay? You look ready to cry.”
“Do I?” I took a deep breath. “Everything seems all messed up in my life right now. I have to go to court tomorrow to fight my grandfather’s custody petition. I’ve missed so much at school that I’ve fallen behind on my homework and I’m struggling to get caught up. Add the weirdness of all the stuff going on around me, a pipe bomb in my locker and guys trying to grab me off the street. Nothing makes sense anymore.”
She was staring at me. “Wow, that is pretty crazy.”
The others came in as a group. Max followed them in and called for everyone to stretch out. “We’ll work more on the applications of Eskrima tonight after we do a little Tai Chi. If there’s time, we’ll review Bassai Sho.” He began stretching with us.
We had finished the Tai Chi form when Philip and his foster father arrived. He looked tired. The others gathered around him. I hung toward the back of the group, uncertain. It was hard for him to talk. His words were slurred.
Max brought in a chair for him. “Sit down and rest.” He looked at Philip’s foster father. “Is there anything we can do for the family?”
He shook his head. “Our church took up an offering to help cover the costs that the insurance didn’t. We’re managing. I’m afraid Philip won’t be coming back. My wife accepted a job down in Portland and we’ll be moving in a couple months.”
Max put a hand on Philip’s shoulder. “We’ll miss you. I hope that when you’re physically able, you’ll find a dojo down there to continue your studies.”
Philip shook his hand. “It will not be as good as Inyo Dojo. That is for certain.”
His father looked at his watch. “We should get going. I don’t want to keep your class. Philip just wanted to stop in and say good-bye to everyone.”
The others hugged him gently and moved away. I was the last one left with Max. Philip hadn’t even made eye contact with me. A lump stuck in my throat. I managed to swallow it down. “I’ve been to Portland. It’s a nice city. I hope you like it there.”
He turned and looked at me. It was impossible to read his expression. His eyes looks dull. “Good-bye, Erin.” He followed his father out.
My eyes burned. I couldn’t face anyone at the moment. I went to the kitchen. Susan was putting things away. She looked at me and gasped. “Erin!”
I felt numb. His coldness hurt more than anything I’d ever felt before. Did he blame me for what had happened?
Susan wrapped her arms around me and held me. “What happened?”
The tears followed the force of gravity and slid down my face. “I think Philip hates me. It’s just hard because he’s like the first real friend I ever had.”
She started to rock me gently. “What happened to Philip wasn’t your fault. I’m betting that he’ll realize that someday. Sometimes when people get hurt or sick they just want someone to blame. The real fault lies with the guys who beat him up. They are the ones with the problem.”
On some level, I already knew that but it didn’t make it any easier. “Nothing makes sense anymore.”
She hugged me. “How about I make us some tea?” She pulled out a couple of cups and passed me the tea basket. “Life has certainly handed you your share of challenges. My grandfather was a blacksmith. He once told me that challenges are what makes a person strong, like putting metal into the fire a bunch of times. It makes the finished piece more durable.”
We took our tea into the library and sat down. “Life just feels out of control right now. There are all these crazy things going on around me that are messing up my life and I can’t seem to do anything about them.”
She patted my hand. “I felt that way when Max had his heart attack. I was terrified. Everything happened so fast. I was scared he was going to die but he didn’t. He quit his job and we sold our house and moved to an apartment. Our kids had both gone off to college. I started teaching to make ends meet. And then Max started this dojo. That was really scary. I had no idea if this place was going to pay its own bills to say anything of helping cover the costs of keeping us going. But somehow it all worked out. You just have to do the best you can.”
I closed my eyes. “Fusan always told me the only thing we could control was ourselves.” I wiped the tears away. “I can’t seem to manage even that.”
Susan chuckled. “Tears are like orange juice. When the world presses on us too hard, they just squeeze out. But they help release some of the pressure.”
I finished my tea and looked up at the clock. “They’ll be finishing up class soon. I should probably change.”
“Max said he’s been dropping you off at the foster care center. I can give you a ride if you want to get back a little earlier.”
“That would be great.” I washed my cup and went to change. 
Linda came in as I was pulling on the coat. “I see the coat has a new makeover.”
“I’m really grateful for it. It was cold this morning.”
She pulled me into a hug. “I saw what happened with Philip. He really wasn’t fair to you. That wasn’t your fault.”
I managed a weak smile. “Maybe someday I’ll believe that. I have to go. Susan is dropping me off so Max doesn’t have to rush tonight.”
“Good luck tomorrow.”
Max and Susan were talking quietly in the kitchen. They both looked at me as I came in. Max looked upset. “Erin, I’m sorry about what happened tonight.”
I shook my head. “You can’t control Philip’s judgment any more than I can. You have nothing to be sorry for. Yan had warned me. I guess I should have paid attention.”
Susan put her arm around my shoulders. “Let’s get you back.”
I gave her directions. “It’s really not that far away but the social worker made a deal with Max to drive me back. It was the only way she’d let me keep coming to the dojo.”
She stopped in front of the building. “Looks shabby.”
I opened the door. “I only sleep here. I spend most of my time at school and the rest at the dojo. Thanks for the ride.”
Susan waited until I’d opened the door before she drove away. The front hall was empty. Ms. Auger was in her office. I waved to let her know I was back. She stood up. “There was someone here looking for you earlier. Claimed he represented your grandfather.” Her expression was tight. “If you’ve got family, what are you doing here?”
I was tired and didn’t feel like trying to explain everything. “I guess I’ll find out in court tomorrow. My lawyer is picking me up from school.” She frowned and went back to her paperwork.
I went into the dormitory. Becca was sitting with Kirby on her bunk. She looked up at me. “Girl, you look like hell.” She patted a space on the bed next to her. “Take a load off, sister.”
Kirby ran a brush through her hair. “What’s wrong, Erin?”
“It’s just been a long day.” I pulled my coat off and sat down.
Heidi joined us. “Wow, you’re back before curfew.”
“My boss’s wife gave me a ride home so I didn’t have to wait for everything to get cleaned up.”
Heidi pointed at my shirt. “That really came out cool. I heard a lot of kids in school talking about it.”
Becca laughed. “Yeah, when they weren’t talking about you and Tony making out in the hallway at lunch. Whoa, girlfriend! From what they was saying, you was giving him some action!” She broke into giggles.
Kirby sighed. “Rita is totally jealous. Is it true she pushed you off the balance beam in gym class? Dory went into the health room sixth period and saw you there. She said you looked like you were seriously hurt.”
I massaged my legs. “I’ll live. It made work challenging tonight.”
Heidi pulled out her pajamas. “Rita isn’t half as pretty as you are. It’s no wonder Tony chose you over her.”
Becca giggled harder. “To say nothing of the fact that girl is dumb as a rock. She thinks she’s such a hotshot because she’s on the gymnastics team and the captain of the cheerleading squad. From what I heard, you should be on the team.”
I shook my head. “My life is too complicated as it is.” I moved to my own bunk and pulled out the pajamas Heidi had given me.
Becca climbed up on top and looked down at me. “So how far have you and Tony got?”
“How far?”
“Yeah, you know. What base?”
I didn’t have a clue what she was talking about. Kirby stood up and pushed Becca back up on her bunk. “Give the girl a break. They haven’t been going out that long.”
I got into the pajamas. I didn’t want to think about it. Tony and I couldn’t have a real relationship. He wasn’t a real teenager. What was I? I pulled the last blank shirt out of the box. It was lavender. Not the color I would have chosen if I’d had a choice but there weren’t any rips in it. There was a light spackling of tiny lighter spots like it had been sprayed with bleach. I could almost see a pattern.
I pulled out the cardboard and pen and set up the shirt. This dragon was facing a different direction. It was curled around the back but looking up at me from the center. It must be Fuku Riu. I needed all the luck I could get.
I had it mostly finished by the time Ms. Auger called the five minute warning. It would just need a few final touches in the morning. I put it in the box.
Kirby was laying on her side looking at me. “That is so amazing how you do that. How do you know what you’re going to draw?”
“Each shirt is different. This one had a bunch of bleach spots on it that became highlights on scales. I’ve been studying dragons for a long time. I had a book once with a bunch of pictures of all the oriental dragons.”
Kirby slid under her blanket. “You should make some to sell. I bet you could earn a lot of money doing that.”
I got into bed. “I don’t like the idea of selling dragons. When I draw them for other people, I draw personal dragons. They are special. Dragons will only show themselves to people who are worthy.”
The lights went out and I struggled to get comfortable. I tried not to think about anything, to just clear my mind. I finally fell asleep.
I finished the shirt with time to spare so I decided to do a design on the jeans. I matched up the back so that it looked like the hind limbs were clinging to one leg and the tail was wrapped around the other. When I put it on, everyone stared at it.
Heidi walked completely around me. “You are like a walking living piece of art. That is so cool.”
We hurried to the bus. I was really grateful for the coat this morning. There were heavy blotches of snow mixed in with the rain. Becca leaned back in the seat next to me. “They won’t stick. It’s only November.”
Tony was waiting for me on the steps. He looked cold. I came up to him and took his hand. “You’re freezing. You don’t have to wait out here for me.”
He looked serious. “I feel better seeing you get off the bus.” He pulled me inside.
We went to his locker. “You want to tell me what’s going on?”
He pulled me close. “First off, you were right about the little pink pills. They’re uppers. Second off, I’m scared shitless for you right now because of what came back from California. Diana dropped into the office last night asking me and Davy to keep you safe at school.”
Other kids were moving through the halls. I leaned closer. “Why?”
“Your grandpa has gotten himself into some serious trouble. He borrowed money from the wrong people. Remember those guys from the black sedan? They work for the guy he borrowed money from. My guess is that you were almost collateral. As in if he didn’t pay them, you would be history.”
“That’s crazy. I doubt my grandfather would care. I still don’t understand why he wants custody of me, especially since he claims I’m not really his granddaughter. It doesn’t make sense.” I pulled off my coat and hung it in the locker.
Tony looked at his watch. “I don’t know. Right now, let’s get you some breakfast.” Tony stepped back and looked at me. “Wow! Now that’s a serious dragon. Who’s my competition?”
I grinned. “Fuku Riu. He’s a Japanese luck dragon. I felt like I needed it today. Sounds like I was right.” We went down to the cafeteria. Most of the kids had already been through the line so I didn’t have to wait. I got a decent tray of food and joined Tony in our corner. It amused me to think of it that way. It really had become our corner. His boys hung out there, too.
Tony sat with his arms wrapped around me, not letting anyone near us talk while I ate. His boys respected that. It was curious. They had accepted me in that way. It reminded me of a wolf pack I’d read about for a science report. Tony was the alpha male and he’d made me the alpha female. The rest of the pack accepted it.
I had pulled a few things from the locker. I was seriously behind and needed to get caught back up. He walked with me to the library. We paused a short distance from the door. He pulled me close, resting his forehead on mine. “Davy has Chemistry first period. He’s going to run a diversion to keep Dr. Marsh in the classroom so I can see what’s behind door number one.”
I didn’t want to worry. He’d probably done stuff like this a bunch of times. “Be careful.”
He hugged me. “I will. I’ll be back here by first bell to walk you to class. Will you need to get back to the locker?”
“No, I have that textbook with me.” I went into the library. I found a quiet spot and got as much done as I could before the bell rang.
Tony walked me to the door of my first class. He held me for a moment. “I’ll see you at the end of class.” He let me go.
I was relieved to turn in my homework. I’d managed to get everything for this class caught up. Mr. Yenny spent the period talking about the origins of computers and we even got to see a small working model that demonstrated the principles of a Babbage Computer.
After the lecture, Todd turned to me. “I’ve been thinking about what you said. I’m just not sure how to change things. I can’t exactly go back and do stuff over.”
I didn’t want to pry. I could tell by his expression that he felt it was something bad. “The past is already written. We can only move forward from this point and make better decisions.”
He traced the illustration on the front of his book. “What would you do if you found out you’d done something wrong but didn’t know that it was wrong until afterwards?”
I considered the question. “I guess I’d go to someone I trusted and explain the situation. Are you still doing this action that you know is wrong?”
“No. But I’m afraid to tell anyone. And I don’t know who to trust.”
The bell rang. We both got up. “Isn’t there an adult who could help you?”
Todd looked uncomfortable. “There’s an adult involved. I honestly don’t know who to tell.”
I was relieved to see Tony waiting by the door. I looked back at Todd. “Since I don’t know what the issue is, I’m not sure what to tell you. What about your parents?”
Todd looked up. By the expression on his face I guessed that he’d noticed Tony. “I have to go.” He hurried out the door, slipping past Tony, and into the flow of the crowded hall.
Tony looked at him quizzically then turned back to me. He had a grin on his face. “To the locker?” His voice was cheerful.
“Yeah. I’ll only get to stay for part of period two.” My mind was distracted trying to puzzle out Todd’s dilemma. “Oh man! I forgot to stop in the office and get the hall pass.”
“No worries. It’s on the way.” He looped his arm around my shoulders. “Don’t look at me like that, dragon! I saw her first.”
I laughed. “You’re in a good mood.”
“Oh, you have no idea.” He patted his jacket where I knew he kept his phone. He leaned close to my ear. “I got enough for a search warrant. Now we just got to find a way to connect them.”
We got to the office. “Maybe you should wait out here.”
“Not a chance. I’m not taking my eyes off of you. This dragon might steal you away.”
The secretary handed me the pass. “Ms. Henning was planning to meet you at the classroom anyway but you might as well take this in case she’s late.”
We walked down toward the art wing. Tony diverted others around us. “She isn’t the only one. What time are you leaving class?”
“Five to nine.”
“I’ll be there, too. I made a promise to Diana to see you to her side and aim to keep it.”
I went into the art room and found Ms. Gilbert. I showed her the hall pass. “Thanks for letting me know. I’d like to see where you’re headed with the next drawing in the series.”
“I’m just starting it today. I’ll have to see what the new angle looks like.” I got my art board and a clean sheet of paper. I moved to an empty seat at the table. The setting looked entirely different from this angle. I considered what Ms. Gilbert had said about progression. The dragon needed to progress in the picture.
One of the flowers was tilted out of the vase on this side. There was a crystal candy dish near it. I tried to picture in my mind what the little dragon would look like if partially hidden by the dish. I put my hand behind it experimentally to see how the crystal facets distorted the shape. I started to sketch.
I only had the rough outline done by the time I had to leave. Ms. Gilbert glanced at it. “Is the dragon there?” She pointed at the rough outline.
“He’ll be reaching for that flower.”
She smiled. “Wonderful. I’m looking forward to seeing it fill out.”
I put everything away and washed my hands. I found Tony and Ms. Henning in a quiet argument in the hallway. Tony had his arms crossed and was leaning against the wall. “Well, she’s sharing my locker and she’s going to need her coat. I’m not letting her go out there without it.”
I struggled to contain my grin. Ms. Henning looked defeated. “Fine but you will head straight back to class.”
“After I walk her to the door. It’s on the way.” He turned to me and held out his hand. “Shall we?”
Ms. Henning looked at the design. “Well, that’s different. Usually your dragons have their heads coming over your shoulder.”
I was surprised. “I don’t think I’ve ever had someone notice that kind of detail before.”
She walked down the hallway beside us. “I admit it. I’m a fan. I’ve always liked dragons and I think your designs are exceptional.”
Tony smiled. “Just like her.” He opened the locker and pulled out my coat, holding it for me to put on. We walked to the front door. Diana was waiting there. Tony hugged me. “Okay dragon. You keep her safe.” He let me go. “I’ll see you later.” He nodded at Diana and headed for the stairs.
Ms. Henning waited until he was out of sight. “I was concerned.”
I studied her face. “About Tony?”
“No, not so much about him. You’ve totally changed that young man. There might actually be hope for him.” I saw Diana’s grin. Ms. Henning glanced around. “A man came into the office after school. He claimed to be a representative for Mr. Harmond but he wasn’t the lawyer, Mr. Hart. I knew what he looked like. The secretary told him where Erin was staying before I could stop her.”
“That must be the guy Ms. Auger said had been there looking for me. But I was still at work and I don’t think she even knows where that is.”
Diana glanced at her watch. “Let’s get you to the courthouse. The sooner the better.”
We left the school. Diana had parked in front. She opened the door and I got in. Diana was a careful driver. We got to the courthouse with plenty of time to spare.
We walked in the back door. An armed officer stood up. “I’ll have to check your bags.” He looked through her briefcase and then my backpack. I’d brought something to read, just in case I had time. He looked at the worn paperback. “Grapes of Wrath. I remember reading this in high school.” He handed it back to me. “Go ahead, ladies. Have a nice day.”
Diana steered me down a hallway. “I’ve got a room reserved for this morning.”
We turned a corner. Two men were standing in the hallway. I recognized one of them as Mr. Hart. The other man was much older. He turned and stared at me. I could see the fine features that he shared with my mother. His expression was grim. “Hello, Erin.”

* * *
16
A thousand thoughts, most of them questions, swirled through my mind at that moment. Years of training forced them all into the background. I said nothing but stood watching him, waiting to see how he would respond to my indifference. Observing the first few moments of an opponent’s response can be the difference between life and death in a critical situation. Fusan had once pointed out a spider web to me. We had watched the various insects that were trapped by the sticky fibers. Those who stayed still and took their time were the ones who survived. 
He seemed calm and confident at first glance but as I studied him, I could see the nervous twitch as he tightened his jaw. Diana recovered beside me. She obviously hadn’t been expecting this direct approach. She cleared her throat. My grandfather moved his attention to her. “Good morning, councilor. I see you’re punctual. It seems a shame to waste the court’s time with this matter.”
Diana shifted beside me. “I don’t believe my client agrees.” There was a slight tremor to her voice and her breathing was still fast but she was attempting a firm pose.
Mr. Hart shook his head. “Surely you must realize that Erin is ignorant of the situation. Claire wouldn’t have told her the truth. Perhaps she believed her own lie by now. It’s a sad case.”
I watched my grandfather’s face when my mother’s name was mentioned. There was no flicker of emotion. Didn’t he care that his actions had caused the death of his own daughter? “I actually understand my mother much better now.” I looked at Diana. “You said there was a room?”
Diana was trembling slightly. She pointed down the hall. “This way.” She moved past the men.
I gave a final glance at my grandfather and followed her. We entered a small conference room that had an oval table at the center surrounded by several chairs. I shut the door behind us and watch Diana drop her briefcase on the table. She leaned on the polished surface and struggled to breathe. I stood quietly, waiting for her to gather her composure. She took a deep breath and opened her briefcase. I watched her lay the papers out in neat stacks. “If my grandfather didn’t look so much like my mother, I’d wonder if he was even related.”
She paused. Our eyes met. “You mean the fact that he doesn’t even show remorse about his own daughter’s death?” She refocused on her work. “What kind of man is this guy?”
I came forward to the table and stared at the pages. “When one is facing an opponent, the most important question to consider is what does he stand to lose or gain?” The questions began assailing me again.
There was a knock on the door. Diana answered it. Captain Hagen stood there. “May I join you?”
Diana motioned for him to enter. She glanced down the hall before shutting the door. “Did you find anything that might help us, Al?”
The captain pulled out a stack of pages. “Here are all the reports from the investigation so far. The private investigator gave a full statement. He’s legit.” He separated some of the pages. “This is what Harmond gave him when he hired him.”
Diana took the pages. I leaned closer to study them as she paged through them. She shook her head. “This is what he’s basing his entire argument on.” She held up a certificate. “He claims that Erin is actually Teresa Ann Gordon.” She pulled another page from one of her stacks. “But we have Erin’s original birth certificate, signed in ink, with her footprint. That’s been verified. She was born at Valley Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada. I’ve got a certified confirmation of that on the way.”
Captain Hagen took the two forms and studied them. “It would be impossible to fake this one with the footprint, especially since Nick confirmed the match.”
I stood back and watched them go over the papers, listening to their comments, and trying to keep the questions from strangling me. All too soon a man came and told us we were expected in court. I followed Diana out of the room and down the hall.
My grandfather and Mr. Hart were already standing by a table at the front of the courtroom. There was an older man in a black robe seated at the front and a younger man seated below him at a desk. Officers in uniform stood at all the doors.
We took our places at the other table across the aisle and the judge looked up. “Ms. Kinslow, Ms. Dawson. Thank you for joining us. Mr. Davis, will you please call the court to order?”
The younger man stood up. “This session of the Pierce County Family Court is now in session, honorable Judge Adam Hadlock presiding.”
We sat down. The Judge shuffled through the papers on his desk for a moment before looking up at us. He folded his hands in front of him. “First off, my condolences on the death of Claire Dawson, your mother,” he nodded at me, “And your daughter.” His gaze lingered on my grandfather. “The nature of her death is still under investigation. But that is not why we are here today.” He picked up a piece of paper and studied it. “Mr. Harmond, you have made a petition to the court for guardianship of Erin Dawson, as a minor, but Ms. Dawson has rejected that offer based on conflict of interest. According to the statement filed with the court,” he looked back up at my grandfather, “she believes you are connected to those responsible for her mother’s death.”
Mr. Hart cleared his throat. “If I may, your honor?” The judge nodded and Mr. Hart stood up. “My client is not the biological grandparent of this young lady. She is not actually Erin Dawson. Her name is Teresa Gordon. Mr. Harmond is here on behalf of her parents, Rachel and Thomas Gordon, because he feels responsible in this matter. His daughter, Claire, kidnapped this young lady from a hospital nursery in Los Angeles when she was less than an hour old. He’s spent considerable funds in attempting to find and safely retrieve this young lady. Unfortunately, Claire Harmond, in her unstable mental condition, has escaped pursuit numerous times, constantly moving around the country. I have provided the full financial record to the court.”
The judge picked up a document and studied it. He took another stack and looked at me. “Ms. Dawson?” Diana nodded and I stood up. The judge held up a stack of papers. “I believe these are your school transcripts. This is quite a list of schools. Did you and your mother constantly move all over the country?”
“Yes, we did.”
He leaned forward slightly. “Did your mother tell you why she was constantly moving you all over the country?”
I forced the bubble of stillness around myself and let the calm contain me. “Yes, sir. She was being intimidated by strangers who were following us, using my school records to track our movements.”
I caught the movement from my grandfather out of the corner of my eye. He had shifted slightly in his chair. The judge was focused down at the stacks of papers. He shook his head then looked up. “It seems a matter of perspective depending on who is chasing and who is being followed.”
Diana stood up beside me and waited for the judge to acknowledge her. He nodded. “It’s also a matter of who is actually right. I have Erin’s legal birth certificate. She was not born in Los Angeles. She was born at Valley Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was not kidnaped as Mr. Harmond would have the court believe.”
I noticed Mr. Hart was grinning. That made me nervous. He stood and the judge recognized him. “Our investigation into this forged birth certificate has been presented to the court. This same doctor has a record of such forgeries. We believe that Claire went to Las Vegas from LA and convinced hospital staff that the baby had been born at home. For insurance purposes, the doctor forged the document to claim state medical funds. I’ve included a report of the investigation as well as an extensive report of the investigation into the kidnapping of Teresa Gordon.”
My stomach tightened. A man came over and handed Diana a stack of papers. She glanced at them and looked up at the judge. “Council for the respondent wishes to know why these documents were withheld in the first place.”
The judge frowned and looked over at the men. “That is a reasonable question.”
Mr. Hart lost some of his smugness. He cleared his throat. “Due to the history of disappearances, we were concerned that if this young lady was made aware of this information, she might decide to run.”
One of the heaviest questions that had been rolling around in my mind finally surfaced. I stood up and looked at the judge. “May I ask a question, sir?” He nodded. I turned to my grandfather. “If you are not my biological grandparent, then why are you seeking custody of me instead of my parents?”
The judge’s brows raised slightly. He leaned on his desk and looked at my grandfather. “That is a good question.”
Mr. Harmond slowly rose. “I have been doing penance for my daughter’s transgression for over seventeen years. I was devastated by what my daughter did to the Gordon’s. I made them a personal promise to do everything in my power to bring their daughter home. They made me a legal guardian to enable me to continue my search for Teresa. They would be here today if it weren’t for Rachel’s serious health condition. She was scheduled for a heart bypass yesterday evening and Thomas wanted to be with her. I promised them I would proceed in their best interest.”
I listened carefully to the words, not just to what he was saying but how he was saying it. I wondered if he’d been an actor at one time, or at least had lessons. His use of tone and pitch at just the right moments gave an air of drama to his declaration. I watched the expression on the judge’s face. It had obviously worked. His face sagged a little with sympathy. He looked over at me. “I realize you are an unfortunate pawn in this crazy match. Ms. Dawson, you must consider that Claire Harmond would not have told you the truth.”
So, the emotional play had swayed the judge. I considered all of the variables. Something Max had said clicked. They had been trying to make my mother look crazy but I knew better. I knew her. I glanced over at my grandfather. “My mother must have been very smart to have eluded all of the people you spent your money on to find us for the past seventeen years.” I had purposefully kept my voice soft and level.
The judge got a strange look on his face. I could see the brief flicker of annoyance from my grandfather. Diana cleared her throat and stood up. “With all due respect, your honor. I believe this issue is resolvable if the court can have a little patience. A DNA test has been requested by the investigators working the case of Claire Dawson’s death. If the Gordon’s wish to supply a certified sample, that will also be considered. Based on the fact that Mr. Harmond is currently under investigation involving a case in the state of California concerning a money laundering charge, I don’t feel he is a proper guardian for Ms. Dawson at this time. I request a full hearing on behalf of my client no earlier than two weeks from the current date to provide time for evidence to be processed. Perhaps by then, at least Mr. Gordon, if he is indeed Erin’s biological father, will be able to join us.”
Her matter of fact manner calmed me. The judge frowned. “According to the records provided, Ms. Dawson is currently a ward of the state, residing at a state funded institution. She obviously has no funds of her own which means she is also using state funds to pay her retainer fees.”
Diana scowled. “That doesn’t mean she has any less right to a fair and equal hearing.”
The judge sighed. “Very well. The date for the trial will be based on the return of findings of the DNA test. Mr. Hart, if you could notify the Gordons that they may provide a state certified DNA analysis.” He stood. “Court is in recess.” He tapped a small wooden hammer on his desk.
I was studying the emotions on both my grandfather’s and Mr. Hart’s faces. Neither looked happy. That was enough proof for me. I got up and followed Diana from the room. I glanced at my watch. Fourth period would just be beginning at school.
We went out to Diana’s car. The rain had let up but it felt cold. I pulled up the zipper on my coat. She hadn’t said anything yet. She unlocked the doors and got in. “We need to get you to the hospital so they can do the DNA sample.” Her voice was even.
I wondered if she was beginning to doubt. I watched the city pass by. “If he had really been after me in the first place, why would he have sent the people he hired to intimidate my mom? She told me a police officer warned the guy in Omaha to stop bugging my mom.”
Diana pulled into the hospital parking lot. “Do you have any idea who this officer was?”
“Mom said he was a regular at the diner. I bet her previous boss would know. Her name was April Franks. She ran the Last Drop Diner on Randal Avenue.”
Diana parked and turned off the car. She made a note of the name. “I have to agree with you. Seventeen years is a long time to hire incompetent people.”
We got out of the car. “Eleven, actually. We were in New York until then.” I thought about that. “I wonder what changed eleven years ago.”
We got to the front desk and Diana explained what she needed. We were directed to the lab and the technician took a swab from my mouth.
Dr. Leski stepped into the room as I was pulling my coat back on. “Erin. I heard you were here. How are you feeling?”
“At the moment, a little lost. I just hope this will clear everything up. One way or the other. The only thing I know for sure, is that I don’t want to go anywhere with Mr. Harmond. If the Gordons really are my biological parents, then I’ll have to adjust. But I don’t think that’s the case.”
He looked confused and Diana and I did our best to fill him in. Dr. Leski insisted we eat lunch with him. “I’d rather know you’re eating. The last thing you need is to crash again.”
By the time we left the hospital, sixth period had already started at school. Diana sighed. “Sorry. More missed classes. I just hope we can resolve this soon so you can get back to some sort of regular schedule.”
But where would I be? “Could you drop me off at the dojo?”
“Sure.”
I was early. Max was in an afternoon class with a group of older people. I had seen several of them at the open house. This class was usually over by the time I got here. I stood in the doorway and watched. They were doing Tai Chi. Everyone in the room was obviously very advanced.
I backed off and went to change. The group had finished by the time I came out of the locker room. An elderly couple were talking to Max by the classroom door. The man was grinning. “Rose and I will be celebrating our fiftieth wedding anniversary this weekend. We’ve been doing Tai Chi together for over half of those years.”
Max smiled at him. “Mr. Anderson, you and your wife are so amazing. I would never guess you are both almost seventy. You are in wonderful health.”
The woman took her husband’s arm. “Dennis keeps me young.” She glanced over at me. “And here is the young lady I was so impressed with this weekend. Your name is Erin, right?”
I bowed to her. “Yes, ma’am.”
“I watched your Tai Chi demonstration. You have splendid form for one so young.”
I felt my cheeks getting warm. “Thank you.” I heard the door open and glanced behind me. Tony was standing in the doorway. Our eyes met and the tension eased out of his body. He gave me a look. I grinned and excused myself.
Tony hugged me. “Diana called me to let me know what happened. It sounds like court was hell.”
“Well, he definitely threw us a curve ball. He claims my birth certificate is a forgery and that I’m really someone else. But I don’t believe it. There’s just too much that doesn’t add up with his story.” I glanced at my watch. “Did you run all the way here?”
He grinned. “I ducked out a little early. It’s part of my image. Have to maintain it, you know. You’ve tamed so much of me.”
The Anderson’s paused next to us. Rose put a hand on my arm. She winked at me. “This one looks like a keeper.” She chuckled softly and walked out with her husband.
The quizzical look on Tony’s face was too much. I started to laugh. He crossed his arms. “What was that all about?”
Max joined us. “Have you decided to take a class? We have several interesting ones tonight.”
“I don’t know. What is Erin teaching?”
I got myself under control. “I’m afraid you’re too old for any of the classes I teach tonight. Max has a class for older students this evening. I believe it’s an Aikido class.”
“Yes, and Steven has an Eskrima class with older students as well.”
Tony put an arm around my shoulder and gave me a hug. “I don’t know what those are. I’m afraid I’ll have to take a rain check. Davy and I have a list to go through. We’ve been trying to figure out how many kids are involved with Professor Marsh’s little enterprise. We have to go through and compare our notes.”
I saw Steven and Amy coming toward the dojo. “You’d better slip out now. Some of the others know you from other places.” I nodded toward the door.
Tony looked at Max. “You got her covered, right?”
Max nodded. “I’ll take her home tonight and pick her up on my way in the morning. She’ll be safe here.”
“Good.” Tony watched the others come in. He put on a swagger and kissed my neck. “I’ll see you on Monday, girlfriend.” The slur was heavy in his voice. He sauntered out around the surprised couple.
Linda came up to me. Her expression was obvious shock. “That’s your boyfriend?”
I didn’t want to explain that to everyone. I looked over at Max. He was grinning. “A diamond in the rough. He calls me a King Cobra trainer.”
Max laughed. “Well, some believe snakes are related to dragons.”
Some of my students came in and I excused myself and went to the classroom. My afternoon classes went well. I had a parent stay after my last afternoon class to ask a question and I was late joining the others for dinner. I picked up a plate in the kitchen and turned toward the library. Amy and Yan were talking. Amy mentioned Philip. “I saw him in the hallway today at school. He looks so out of it.”
Yan frowned. “I can’t believe his parents made him come back already. He’s in my math class. He couldn’t really concentrate on the lesson. I mean, what’s the point?”
I didn’t really want to go in but Linda noticed me. She motioned to the chair next to her. “I was starting to worry about you.”
I reluctantly came in and sat down. I dished out some food and quietly began to eat. Yan turned to Ryan and began talking about the Eskrima application they had studied the night before. I finished the food on my plate and took it to the kitchen. 
Max came in and handed me a bottle of water. “Make sure and take that with you.” I stacked my plate and picked up the bottle. Max put his hand on my shoulder. “Do you want to talk about it?”
I glanced at the others in the library. “I’m not sure I can.” I slipped away from him and went into my classroom.
Max followed. “I didn’t get a chance to ask you how things went in court.”
I sat zazen on the mat at the front of the classroom. I did my best to explain the arguments my grandfather had used.
Max sank down next to me. “What do you believe?”
I studied his face. It was sincere. “I believe my mother was my mother.” I sighed. “Even if she wasn’t my biological mother, as Mr. Harmond claims, she was always my mother.” I thought about it a moment. “There’s just too much that doesn’t add up in his explanation. He claims he started looking for me right away but we didn’t start moving around until I was six. And there are the men who were intimidating my mom. If I was what they were after, why didn’t they try to grab me?”
“Both excellent questions. What was the outcome?”
“Diana told them about the DNA test that Captain Hagen requested. I went to the hospital after court and got my mouth swabbed.” I looked over at Max. “They couldn’t fake a certified DNA test, could they?”
“I’m afraid I don’t know much about those so I don’t know. I wouldn’t think so.”
“Diana offered the Gordons, supposedly my family, a chance to submit a certified DNA sample. But what if my grandfather did it for them. Would his DNA be close enough to mine?”
Some of the students walked in. Max rose. “I don’t know but I have a friend who might. I’ll see if I can get an answer for you.” He greeted the parents and students politely then left the room.
I got up and watched the students with their parents. Everyone in this class was from the military base so the parents tended to stay and watch the class. The kids started moving toward the mat. I called the class to order.
Rebecca and Shelly were in my next class. It was women’s self-defense. Shelly brought a shirt to me after we finished the lesson. “Will this work?”
It was a basic light yellow tee-shirt. “Yes but I don’t know how much time I’ll have tonight. I may have to bring it to school for you on Monday. I have a curfew at the center.”
She nodded. “I understand. A couple of my friends are there right now. They are sisters. Their parents got into trouble and went to jail.”
I had no idea why the other kids were there. I hadn’t asked. “I’m sorry for them. That must be hard.” 
The students for my last class began coming in. Robert came up and pointed at the shirt. “Are you going to draw another dragon?”
I put the shirt down next to my water bottle and remembered to take a drink. “I’ll at least start it after class.”
Robert turned to one of the other students. “Miss Erin is the best artist ever. She’s so cool!”
The students all worked very hard and finished a little early. They all begged me to show them how I drew the dragons. I looked over at Shelly. “Is it okay with you?”
“Absolutely.”
I went and got my backpack from Max’s office. I set up the shirt and studied Shelly’s face. It was round and slightly plump. She had a warm smile. I could see the dragon in her face. I began to lay out the design. I had the basic shapes laid in by the time Max came in to check on me. I had a sizable audience by then. Many parents had allowed their kids to stay and watch. They had joined the cluster around me.
Max paused in the doorway. “Maybe I should have you teach a Sumi-e class.”
Robert looked up. “What kind of martial art is that?”
I laughed. “One in which the pen really is mightier than the sword.” I showed my progress to Shelly and promised to have it finished by Monday morning. “I come in for breakfast and then usually go to the library to study.”
“I’ll find you.” She hugged me. “Thanks, Erin.” She went out with Robert and Rebecca.
I glanced at my watch. “I guess I’d better hurry and change.” I rushed into the locker room.
Linda and Amy were pulling on their clothes. Linda smiled at me. “Did you get your dragon finished?”
I pulled on my jeans. “No. I have to get back to the center by eleven or I’ll get in trouble. Shelly goes to my school so I can give it to her on Monday.” I slipped into my shirt.
Amy grinned. “That is so cool. That dragon looks like he’s wrapped around you.”
I tucked my gee into my backpack. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” I rushed out the door and just managed to stop before colliding with Yan.
He frowned. “Steven said you’re going out with Burns. That didn’t take you very long. Philip obviously didn’t mean very much to you anyway.”
My eyes burned and my throat felt tight. I didn’t trust myself to say anything. I turned and ran toward the door. Max saw me coming. His expression changed. “Erin, what’s wrong?”
All I could do was shake my head. I pushed out the door of the dojo and turned into the alley where Max parked. I could hear him following. My vision was blurring. I took a couple of shaky breaths.
A shadow near the car moved. My senses responded without thought. I shouted a warning. A hand reached out and clamped over my face.

* * *
17
My freshman year of high school, I had spent two months at a dojo in Cleveland with a boy who was determined to die by my hand. He had delighted in jumping out and trying to scare me. Somehow he had survived. My brain registered the serious intent of my attacker. He wasn’t as lucky as that kid had been. I didn’t hold anything back.
I slammed my head back into his face and used his moment of pain to twist and duck. I planted a punch in his groin and spun away as he doubled over. I crouched in a deep ready stance and heard the next one coming. He reached for me. I shifted sideways and planted my elbow in the side of his head. A change in air patterns alerted me to another one. I swiveled to a back stance and blocked with a knife hand then grabbed his wrist, twisted it, and took him down to his knees. I kicked his shin and flipped him over.
I could hear the sirens now. They were still distant. I glanced back to where Max was struggling with two opponents. I had another one coming at me down the alley. I did a round-off back handspring and got out of his way. He barreled into another guy who was trying to get up. I whirled, my momentum landing a punch in another one’s face. I grabbed one of the guys fighting with Max and tossed him into the pile. The remaining assailant looked toward the advancing rotating lights and took off running.
I grabbed Max’s arm. “Are you all right?”
He leaned heavily on me. I could hear him struggling to breathe. I helped him toward the door of the dojo. Steven and Ryan had come out. They were both looking around, trying to figure out what had happened. I started to push Max toward Ryan but he hung on to me. “No, Erin. Let the police deal with them.”
I was worried by the sound of his voice. The first car skidded to a stop and an officer jumped out. I whistled to get his attention. “Do you have medics on the way?”
“We do. Who’s hurt?”
I recognized the voice. “O’Brian? Max is in rough shape. There still might be a couple of them in the alleyway.”
He shown a flashlight on me and gasped. “Erin! Holy shit! Are you okay?”
“I’m more worried about Max right now.” I could hear the other siren in the distance. It sounded different.
O’Brian listened to his radio. “The medics are almost here.” He looked at Max. “Come on over here and sit down.”
I glanced back toward the alleyway. Other officers had several of the men in handcuffs. One of them shook his head. “This guy is hurting.”
O’Brian pointed to the curb. “Sit him down. We’ll have the medics look him over before we haul him off.” He went back to examining Max. He pulled open Max’s shirt and shown his light on his chest. “Oh, man. You’ve had some serious surgery.”
Max managed to grin. “A triple bypass fifteen years ago.”
“Damn. And you’re doing this? That’s crazy!”
The medics rushed over and I stepped out of their way. Steven put his arm around me. Are you okay, Erin?”
I nodded. “I’m just worried about Max.”
Everyone else was gathered by the door. Yan scowled at me. “More trouble. You’re like a magnet for it.” He pushed away and disappeared inside.
Steven hugged me. “Don’t listen to him. I don’t know what his problem is lately.”
O’Brian came over. “Come have a look at these guys. I need to know if you recognize any of them.”
I followed him over and looked at them as he shown his light on them. “I don’t know any of them.”
He motioned for the officers to put them in the cars. He leaned close. “I called Palmer. He’s on his way over. He’ll think of some excuse to get you out of here.”
It took me a moment to realize he was talking about Tony. “I’m going to be in so much trouble. The foster care center takes curfew seriously.”
O’Brian put a hand on my shoulder. “We’ll deal with Ms. Auger. Don’t worry about that.”
I glanced toward the medics working on Max. Yan was right about one thing. These guys had been after me and I had put Max in danger. I moved closer and got the attention of one of the medics. “How is he?”
“Considering everything, not too bad. His ribs are bruised but nothing looks broken. We’re going to take him in, just in case. There’s concern because of his medical history.”
Susan’s car pulled up across the street and she got out. The officers let her pass the barricade they had set up. She rushed to Max’s side and hugged him. “What happened?”
Max leaned into her embrace. “Some men jumped us when we came out.” He looked up at me. “Are you all right?”
I hadn’t given it any thought. I’d been more worried about him. I did a fast assessment. “I think so. I’ll probably feel it in the morning.”
The medic I’d been talking to looked concerned. “Were you attacked, too?” He shown his light on me. “Let’s get a set of vitals on you, too.”
I knew better than to argue. He decided I wasn’t hurt bad enough to warrant a trip to the hospital. They loaded Max into the ambulance. Susan leaned inside. “I’ll follow you.”
Max looked up at her. “No, see to the dojo first and make sure Erin is safe. You know how long it takes to get through everything at the hospital.”
Susan nodded. “I love you, Max. I’ll be there in a while.” She backed out so they could shut the doors. She put her arm around my shoulders. “Don’t worry, Erin. He’ll be okay.”
I could hear the tremor in her voice. She was shaking. “This is my fault. They were after me. And now Max is hurt.”
Susan pulled me toward the dojo. “You can’t think that way. You didn’t make those men attack Max.” She hugged me tightly. “I used to get angry a lot. Life sometimes seems so unfair. But we have to be honest with ourselves and sort out what is our own doing and what is beyond us. You are surrounded right now with a lot of things beyond your control. I don’t know what was going on with your mom but that wasn’t something you did.”
I glanced in the direction of the police cars that held some of the men who had attacked us. They didn’t look like the type my grandfather would hire. “I don’t know if this has anything to do with my mom. I’m worried this has something to do with what’s going on at school. And that would make it my responsibility because of a choice I made. I thought I was just protecting another student.”
Susan smiled at me. “That’s the kind of person you are. Max knows that and so do I.”
O’Brian came up to us. He looked uncertain. “Your lawyer is here. She wants to assign you to protective custody.”
I didn’t know what that would entail. I looked at Susan. “I don’t know if I should come back to the dojo. I don’t want to put anyone else in danger. I just hope Max will understand.”
“I’ll talk to him about it.” She pulled a card out of her wallet and handed it to me. “Call my cellphone tomorrow morning and I’ll let you know what he thinks.”
I took the card, hugged Susan, and followed O’Brian toward a group of officers. They parted as we approached. Diana, David, and Tony were with them. David was frowning at Tony. “Are you sure these are the same guys?”
Tony had his hands on his hips. “We’ve been working this case almost two months. At least two of them are known members of the No Names. The others look older. They could be part of the outside source.” He looked over at O’Brian. Our eyes met. “Erin! Are you okay?”
“I’ll live. I’m more worried about Max right now.”
Tony’s face creased. “How bad was he hurt?”
“They aren’t sure. They’re taking him to the hospital for x-rays.”
Tony hung his head. “I should have stayed. I should have known there would be retaliation.”
Davy scowled. “So you want to drag Erin even deeper into this by hanging around her? These guys aren’t messing around. She has enough problems right now.”
O’Brian cleared his throat. “Speaking of, I’ve talked to Ms. Auger. She wants to know if we’re bringing Erin back to the center.”
Tony put his head up. “No.” 
David looked surprised. “What? Why not?”
“Because at least three members of the No Names are there. These guys are serious. They don’t take failure lightly. If she goes back there, not only will she be in danger, but others around her could be, too.” He looked at Diana. “What will it take to get her set up in a safe house?”
Diana glanced at her watch. “Considering how late it is and that it’s a weekend, it could take me a while.”
“Fine. I’ll keep her with me until you have things arranged. My cover will be a good alibi. Call me when you’ve got it all set up.” He held out his hand to me. “Come on. Let’s get you out of here.”
David grabbed his arm. “You’re on the line, man.”
Tony glared at him. “Have you forgotten who actually cracked our case for us? It’s our fault she’s in this mess and I’m going to keep her safe.”
David backed down. He gave me a look. I had a pretty good idea what it meant. I looked at Diana. “Is this going to be a problem?”
“No. I’ll talk to both Captain Hagen and Captain Pierson. We’ll keep you safe.”
Tony moved past David and put his arm around my shoulders. “My bike is parked on the side street.” He led me away from the group.
I could hear David questioning his sister’s sanity. I was worried. “I don’t want to get you in trouble.”
Tony sighed. “I’m the one who got you in trouble.” We stopped beside a motorcycle. He opened a compartment in the seat and pulled out a helmet. “Put this on. I’ll help you adjust the straps.” He pulled his own on.
I tightened the straps of my backpack and got on the bike behind Tony. I’d never been on a motorcycle before. It was a little unnerving. He started the engine. I put my arms around his waist and hung on.
I had no idea where we were going. The world flashed by around us. There was no protective layer of metal between me and everything else. I trusted him. He obviously knew what he was doing. I just couldn’t make myself relax. We got away from the business district and drove down streets lined with houses. He eventually pulled into a driveway and shut off the bike.
Tony pulled off his helmet and helped me off. I was trembling. Was is from the vibration of the motorcycle? He led me toward a door on the side of the building. “This is my cover house. Supposedly, the Jensen’s live here with me and my mom taking up residence in the converted space behind the garage.”
I followed him in. “So who really lives here?”
He grinned. “A few officers stay in the main house. I crash here when I’m on duty.” He turned on a light to illuminate the small space. “It’s not much but it’s a place to hang out until Diana can get a safe house lined up for you.”
I sank down onto a warn couch. My watch told me it was already well into Saturday. “I don’t know what to do. Just when I think I might be able to finally stop running, I find something else chasing me.”
Tony sat down next to me and pulled me close. “I’ll find a way to get you out of this. I got you into it.”
His arms around me were reassuring. I was finally able to relax a little. “What do the No Names want?”
He let me go and leaned back on the couch, staring up at the ceiling. “When Davy and I started working this case, we had no clue what kind of drugs we were dealing with. There had been a bunch of overdoses at the end of the last school year and two more before we were dropped into it near the beginning of this one. We assumed it was a new party drug and we were trying to find the entry point. That’s usually how it works. There’s an outside source that supplies dealers in the school so the challenge is to figure out who the dealers are and work in toward the source.”
“So sometimes it looks to others like you’re a drug dealer.”
He got a quizzical look. “I suppose so. Why?”
“One of the other Junior Masters at the dojo recognized you and warned me that you were a drug dealer.”
Tony closed his eyes. “I’ve worked in a lot of schools in this area. I’m starting to run out of places that don’t recognize me.”
“But that works to your favor. Doesn’t it? I mean, it’s part of the reputation thing. The No Names probably have connections beyond Hamilton. You said they have a source. That source wouldn’t just supply them but also other dealers who might be working other schools. So, as the old saying goes, your reputation precedes you.”
He studied me. “That’s very observant. Which is why I have to work so hard to keep up that reputation. Some of the guys in my division actually have female officers that they work with. They get dropped in at a different time so suspicion won’t be raised.”
“And so you won’t have to deal with issues like Rita.”
“Yeah. And Rita is still an issue.” He massaged the bridge of his nose. “I had hoped she would back off if I focused on you. I didn’t expect her jealous kickback. That girl is really messed up.”
I curled into the corner of the couch. “I wonder what causes Rita to act the way she does. Actions are often the visible effects of hidden causes. Like falling objects. We see the actions of their fall but the real cause is something that has pushed them into the pull of gravity.”
He looked over at me. “I have to keep reminding myself that you’re only seventeen. You’re smarter than a lot of much older people I know.”
I closed my eyes. “I don’t feel smart. If I was smart, I’d be able to figure out what my grandfather is really up to.”
Tony reached out and gently wrapped his fingers around mine. “We’ll sort that out. Don’t give up. Diana is a good defense attorney. She’s helped a lot of people who were in tough situations get everything straightened out.”
I needed to think about something else. “Did you and David get your list organized?”
It took him a moment to catch up with my change of topic. “I think so. We’ve got over a hundred kids on the list. Some get pink pills, some get blue, and a few get green, purple, and yellow. I haven’t seen any of those yet. By what I can tell, the blues are downers and the pinks are uppers. I have no idea what the other colors might be for.”
His fingers were rubbing mine. It made me feel odd. I wasn’t sure why. I tried to focus my tired mind. “Were you able to get a copy of the book with the equations in them?”
“It’s out of print but I ordered an electronic copy.” He let go of my hand and got up. He shuffled the contents of the coffee table by the couch and uncovered a laptop. The electronic glow highlighted his face. He spent a moment tapping keys. “Here it is.”
I sat up and moved next to him so I could see the screen. “Start with the table of contents.” I studied the list. “Try that section.”
Tony manipulated the document. “What are you looking for?”
“I know which drugs the chemistry class was making. By reading the descriptions of each one, we should be able to narrow down what the other colored pills are for.” By process of elimination, we found the answers. I was puzzling over all the details in the book when Tony’s phone rang.
Tony looked at the number and answered. “Hey, Diana. What’s the scoop?”
“Are you and Erin in a safe place right now?” Her voice sounded strange through the phone’s speaker.
“Yeah. We’re at my cover location. The lights were on in the main house so I’m pretty sure at least one of the other officers is here.”
“Good. Keep her there.”
Tony looked puzzled. “What’s going on?”
“While I was getting papers filed, some things came in. One of them was a call from a detective in Los Angeles. He’s been trying to get an indictment on Johnathan Harmond for the past couple years. He’s filled in some missing pieces. Bring Erin to my office in the morning. Oh, and let her know that Max is okay. Nothing is broken. They released him about an hour ago.”
Tony relaxed a little. “Good to hear.” He looked at me. “What time do you want us in your office?”
“Let’s make it ten. I don’t know about you but I need to get a little sleep.”
Tony glanced at his watch. “Sounds good. We’ll see you then.” He ended the call and slipped the phone back in his pocket. “We should wrap this up for now. Diana’s right. Sleep is a good thing. I’ll set an alarm.”
“I’m not sure I can sleep. It’s already almost five in the morning.”
Tony closed the computer. He set the alarm on his watch and grabbed a blanket that had been draped over the back of the couch. “Come here. You look tired.” I leaned against him and he tucked the blanket around me. I rested my head against his chest. I could hear his heartbeat. He kissed the top of my head. “I’m not going to let anyone hurt you. Just close your eyes.”
His voice had become very soft. I could feel the gentle rise and fall of his chest and hear the air moving through his body. I thought about David’s warning. Just how far over the line could Tony go without getting into serious trouble? The last thing I wanted to do was to hurt Tony. Philip had been seriously hurt because of me. I closed my eyes and felt the warm trickle down my cheek.
Tony’s gentle whispers roused me. “Hey, sunshine. It’s about time to roll. I need to get you some food before we hit Diana’s office.”
I tilted my head and looked up at him. “I don’t even remember falling asleep.”
He grinned. “Well, now if Rita asks if you slept with me, you can honestly answer yes.”
I felt my cheeks getting warm. I sat up and looked around the room. “There isn’t much to this place. Does it have a bathroom?”
“That door right there. I’m going to throw on some clean clothes so give me a moment before you come back out.”
I went into the bathroom. It also contained a stacked washer and dryer and a unit I supposed was a furnace. I waited a few minutes and opened the door a crack. “Is it safe?”
“I’m decent.” Tony was lacing his boots. He stood up. “My turn. I’ll be out in a moment.”
I looked down at my wrinkled clothes. It was all I had besides my gee and leotard. Tony came back out and zipped up his coat. I picked up my backpack. “Is there a way I can at least get my clothes from the center?”
“I’m betting Diana can do something about that.” He opened the door and looked around carefully before stepping out. He motioned for me to follow. “I don’t know how many people know where I go after school. That’s the whole reason we set this place up. I found out last year that my own place was compromised when a drug dealer had me followed.”
I looked around the quiet neighborhood. The sun had actually broken up the clouds for a change. “Would they try something here?”
He handed me the helmet. “I hope not but I don’t like taking chances.” He straddled the bike and held out his hand. I got on behind him. We drove down toward the area of town I had become familiar with. He leaned back at a stoplight. “I’ll take you to my favorite morning hangout. Not only is the food good but some of the boys hang there and it will help our alibi.”
He parked by a small restaurant. He put his arm around me and led me toward the door. I could see at least three familiar faces. “Looks like some of the guys.”
He opened the door for me. “Tyco, Willie, and Josh at that table.” He pointed to the other corner. “Rambler and Jacks over there.” He guided me to a booth away from them.
A waitress came over. She paused and stared at me for a moment. “And here I thought the boys were exaggerating. This has got to be your Dragon Lady.” She put menus down in front of us.
Tony pushed them away. “Don’t need those. My regular and the morning house lite for my Lady.”
I didn’t say anything. I trusted Tony. She wrote something on her pad and looked at me. “Want some coffee?”
“No. Hot water and tea, please.”
Her eyebrows arched. “Well, that’s different.”
Tony gave her a look. “You got a problem with that?”
I put my hand on his arm. “Be nice.”
He picked up my hand and kissed my fingers. “Anything for you.” The waitress escaped and Tony chuckled. He leaned across the table. “You know, she’s probably twice my age but she’s made some very obvious suggestions to me.”
I glanced at her retreating back. “My mother would have never done anything like that.”
His face softened a little. “I doubt your mother would have worked in a joint like this.”
I looked around. “I don’t know. It doesn’t look all that different from some of the places she worked at. There were times when we couldn’t afford to be picky.”
The waitress returned with a cup of coffee for Tony and a teapot for me. She also had a basket with assorted teas. “Your order will be up in a few.” She moved on to another customer.
Tony was struggling to hide a grin. “The boys are watching us.” He captured my hand again. “This will definitely solidify our story.”
I glanced at the reflection in the window. I could see them trying to get a better look. We were on display. I thought about the couples I’d seen. My expression was probably wrong. I pulled Tony’s hand closer. “Do you know how much I hate having people behind me?”
He leaned over the table enough that our foreheads almost touched. “That’s why I’m watching everything behind you.”
The waitress returned with our food and we had to back away so she could set it down. My plate was sufficient - a couple of scrambled eggs, a couple pieces of toast, a small dish of yogurt, and a nice portion of fresh fruit. Tony’s was considerably more. We ate in silence. Tony made sure no one disturbed me until I’d finished eating. He paid for our meal and we rose to leave.
One of the guys moved in our direction. Tony put his arm around me and guided me toward the bike. The guy followed us out. Tony looked back over his shoulder at him. “You got a problem, Jacks?”
“I guess I’m just a little surprised to see her with you this morning.”
Tony growled. He swung away from me and caught Jacks around the neck, smacking him against the corner of the building. Tony got in his face. “What do you know about what happened last night?”
The kid looked terrified. He was struggling to breathe. I moved forward and grabbed Tony’s arm. “If you kill him, you’re not going to get an answer.”
I could see the boy’s eyes expand with terror. Tony relaxed his grip a little. “I asked you a question.”
“Just what I heard. The No Names wanted to hurt her. They wanted to get back at you for some dropped deal.”
Tony’s face tightened into a snarl. “Maybe you should tell me who you heard it from. So I can rearrange his face.”
“Jawbreaker. He and Frankie were talking in the lower hallway after school. You was already gone.”
I put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Let him breathe.” I glanced around and dropped my voice. “We have an audience.”
Tony let him go. “Fortunately, I went to pick up my Lady. The cops showed up and picked up the pieces. Nobody messes with my Lady.” He straightened his jacket, cracked his knuckles, and turned away from the trembling kid. He handed me the helmet and put on his own. We got onto the bike and pulled away.
I didn’t say anything. He parked next to Diana’s car and looked back at me. “Thanks for not countering me back there. I have my reasons.” We pulled off the helmets. “They don’t know how good of a fighter you are and that’s an ace in the hole.”
I wondered how he knew. “How long have you been doing this?”
He shrugged and led me toward a door. “Since I graduated from academy. They said I looked too young to be taken seriously as a beat cop and I ended up in the juvenile narcotics division. I think I’ve been there four years now.”
I looked at him. “How much longer are people going to believe that you’re a teenager, especially if your reputation is so widespread?”
He opened the door to an office. Diana was talking to Captain Hagen as we entered. They both paused and looked at us. Tony’s expression was serious. “You ask some really tough questions. I’ll have to think about that one.” He looked at Diana. “Sorry we’re a little late. I wanted to make sure Erin ate breakfast and we ran into an issue.”
Captain Hagen grinned. “I heard. The unit pulled in shortly after you left. Everyone knows you there.”
“That was the idea. I’m trying to set up a cover for Erin. Jacks confirmed that it was a planned hit to get back at me for dropping the deal. I’m going to have to talk to Pierson and find out how he wants me to handle that.”
I was watching Diana. Her expression was tight. She handed Tony a file. “Detective Owens from Los Angeles had this delivered by special currier this morning. Interestingly enough, he’s familiar with the Gordon case. It made the news across the state when it happened. He’s going to look into some of the details because he believes it might be connected.”
Tony flipped through the file and stopped on a picture. “Fernando Lopez? Holy shit!” He pulled out his phone.
Diana and Captain Hagen both looked puzzled. I watched the play of emotions across Tony’s face as he waited for someone to answer. Diana motioned for me to join her on the other side of the room. “Did you feel safe last night?”
“With Tony? Yes. Why?”
Tony sighed. “It’s about time. Before you say anything, I need you to look up a name. Fernando Lopez. I think it was the Northside High School case last year.” He paced a short track.
Diana looked puzzled. “Is this guy connected to something up here?”
Tony held up his hand. He listened to the response. “Yes! I knew the name was familiar. You’re never going to believe this. He just showed up. He’s connected to Erin’s grandfather.”
Diana’s face wrinkled with worry. She waited for Tony to finish his call. “How do you know this guy?”
Tony flicked the edge of the picture. “Because a source dealer gave up the name in a reduced sentence plea. This guy is the big leagues. Not just interstate but international. We could never pin him down. How is it that LAPD is just sitting on him?”
“Detective Owens said they didn’t have enough evidence to take the case to the DA. But I don’t think he was working on a drug connection.”
Tony went back to the file. He studied several of the pages. His breathing became faster. I watched his eyes track across the words. He finally looked up at me. “Remember the men in black a few days ago? I can almost guarantee they work for this guy.” He looked at Diana. “According to this, Jonathan Harmond borrowed a large sum of money from Lopez to fund a major corporate merger but the deal went bad and Harmond lost a lot of the money. I’m betting Lopez hired those goons to grab Erin as collateral.”
I shook my head. “But why? He doesn’t even believe I’m his granddaughter?”
Diana went to her desk and picked up a collection of paper. “But Mr. Harmond has been financing the search for you and your mom with his own funds. Maybe Mr. Lopez figured that made you important enough to use as a bargaining chip.”
I thought about Mr. Craig’s lectures on investments. “That doesn’t make sense. What good would I do as collateral? If he lost the money, what would he use to pay a ransom?”
Diana leaned against her desk. “Desperate men do desperate things. Maybe Lopez figures that getting you back would be important enough for Mr. Harmond to do whatever it took to come up with the funds.”
Tony gave the file back to Diana. “So, now what? Erin could still be a potential target for Lopez and now, thanks to me, she’s in danger from the No Names.”
I looked at my watch. I doubted there would be a Junior Master’s class this morning. Would Max want me to stay away from the dojo? I looked over at Tony. “I need to call Susan and see what Max decided.”
He pulled out his phone. “About what?”
“If I’m still teaching there or not.” Tony handed it to me. I pulled out Susan’s card and dialed the number of her cellphone.
She answered. “Erin, are you safe?”
“I’m okay. I’m at my lawyer’s office right now. How’s Max?”
“Worried about you. Are you going to be able to come this afternoon?”
“Does he still want me to?”
“Of course he does.”
Tony grinned at me. “Looks like I’m going to come take classes and learn some Kung Fu fightin’.”
I managed not to laugh. I looked at Diana. “Is it okay with you?”
She glanced at Captain Hagen. “I think as long as Tony is with her, she’ll be safe.” She looked at Tony. “Do regular check ins. Let the department know when you get ready to leave so they can increase patrol coverage.”
Tony chuckled. “She’s probably safer there than anywhere else. She’s surrounded by a flock of martial artists.”
I assumed that meant yes. “Sounds like we’ll be there. See you in a while.” I hung up and handed the phone back to Tony. “You’re going to have to stay in character. Several of the Junior Masters know you from other schools.”
“I can do that.” His words were slurred.
Captain Hagen nodded. “Press the panic button if you have any trouble and I’ll roll units.” He said good bye and left.
I looked down and remembered my clothes. “Diana, how long am I going to have to be in protective custody? The few things I have left are at the center.” I looked at Tony. “And it’s not exactly a secret that I’ve been staying at the center. How are we going to explain where I’ve been?”
He smiled. “Well, you know how you’ve tamed me? Maybe I’ve had a bit of influence on you, too. I convinced you to run away and stay with me.”
That worried me. David’s warning about crossing the line echoed in my brain. This could seriously get him in trouble. “I’ll go along with that only if your Captain agrees.”
He frowned. “I’ve got to check in with him anyway. When does your first class start?”
“Twelve-thirty.”
“Noted.” He glanced at his watch and pulled out his phone.
Diana pulled me over to her desk. “I’ve been going over the investigation reports that Mr. Hart presented at the trial. There are a lot of interesting holes.” She held up an envelope. “This could end that entire controversy on the spot.”
“What is it?”
“The records I asked Valley Hospital for. Not only does this include their copy of your birth certificate but also the medical files from your mom’s delivery and post care. Interestingly enough, she also has a month of maternity care from this doctor, which wouldn’t support your grandfather’s statement.” She handed me a document. “And it seems you spent a few days in infant critical care because of jaundice. According to this record, you were transferred there from the delivery room, which also doesn’t fit the report findings.”
I felt a sense of relief. Tony came over and sat down beside me. He was containing a grin. “I think Pierson wants to hire you.” He started laughing. “He told me to extend his personal thank you for the work you did on the drug identification.” He leaned on Diana’s desk. “Since Erin is so vital to the case we are working on, I have been instructed to make myself available to you as needed in her protection.” He said it like he was repeating a rote phrase.
Diana burst out laughing. “You imitate him so well.”
Tony glanced at his watch. “So, I need to get Erin to the dojo and figure out a good cover to make her fellow masters accept my presence.” He looked over at me. “Any suggestions?”
“I don’t know who all knows you. At least Yan and Steven do.”
Tony got a quizzical expression. “Yan? As in Asoko?”
“Yes. Do you know who he is?”
His face seemed to melt. “Yeah, I know him.” The abrupt change in his tone startled me. Tony got up. “He goes to Shoreview.”
I rose and followed him toward the door. I put my hand on his shoulder. “What is it?”
Tony paused at the door and slowly turned back. “Davy and I had been sent in to shut down a party drug ring. There’s a lot of rich kids in that school.” He sighed. “Yan was going out with this pretty blond. Her name was Sarah. She saw one of her friends being pressured by one of the dealers and tried to intervene. The dealer stabbed her and she died.”
I staggered and Tony caught me. I tried to wrap my mind around that. “What nationality was the dealer?”
Tony pulled me into his arms. “He was Caucasian.” His voice was soft.
“Maybe that’s why he thought Philip and I shouldn’t be friends. Because of what happened to her.”
Tony’s breath was ragged. “We wrapped the case and the dealer tried to slip away. I was posing as a rival dealer. I went after him on the pretense that he owed me money. He had more than enough on him for a conviction to stick so I called in back-up. But we got into a fight and I couldn’t slip away so they ended up having to arrest me, too.”
“Which is why Yan thinks you were arrested for dealing drugs.”
“Yup.” He hugged me. “Maybe I should just drop you off. You could call me when you finish up tonight and I’ll come pick you up. I don’t think the No Names are crazy enough to try to do anything to you in the dojo. Even Lopez isn’t that stupid. You’ll be surrounded by your friends and they can all kick ass pretty well. You’ll be safe.”
Diana had come over to us. “I feel like I missed something.”
Tony told her briefly what had happened to Philip. Charlie McCribbon is back in jail. He’ll probably be tried as an adult this time because he’s been in juvi more than three times and he’s seventeen.” He let me go. “Let’s get you over there.”
We got to the dojo and Tony parked his bike behind Max’s car. He walked in with me, his arm tight around my shoulders. I led him to Max’s office. Max looked up as we entered. He tried to stand but Tony held up his hands. “Don’t get up on my account. Erin said you took a serious beating last night.”
Max settled back into his chair. “Nothing’s broken.”
I looked at the bruises on his face. I felt horrible. “I’m so sorry, Max. The last thing I ever wanted to do was bring trouble to you.”
Max managed a slight grin. “It wasn’t your fault, Erin.”
Tony sighed. “No, it wasn’t. It was mine. Those guys went after Erin to get back at me. I backed out of a deal. Erin saved me twice from one of the dealers and they planted a pipe bomb in her locker. I managed to get two of them arrested. This was payback. I’m sorry.”
Max shook his head. It was your…”
I saw Yan out of the corner of my eye. “Protective nature.” Both of the men looked surprised. I nodded toward the doorway. “Max, I know that Tony has had his issues in the past but he really is trying to clean up his act. Training in the martial arts teaches control. I think it would benefit him.”
I watched Yan out of the corner of my eye. He was watching us from the other side of the kitchen. Max leaned over and looked out the door. “Did you need something, Yan?”

* * *
18
Yan had a sour expression. He stepped into the office. “I know this guy. He’s a drug dealer. The only reason people like him learn to fight is so they can hurt others.” His voice was harsh and filled with anger.
Max remained calm. “And how do you know him, Yan?” His voice was very soft? I hoped that he wouldn’t say the wrong thing and blow Tony’s cover.
Yan was still angry. “He went to my school. He sold drugs to kids who didn’t know better. His own cousin detested him. Do you know what he did to his own cousin? He constantly beat him up, shoved him into lockers, and almost drown him by shoving his head into a toilet.”
I saw Tony start to grin and jabbed him in the side. I turned to Yan. “And he used to do that at Hamilton, too. But he’s changed. I’ve seen it.”
Yan scowled. “People like him don’t change. He’s no different than the guys who busted up Philip. How could you even think of going out with him? Don’t you know what guys like him do? They kill people for the fun of it! Look at what happened to Max because of him.”
Max pushed out of his chair. Both Tony and I instinctively reached for him. He grabbed Tony’s hand and faced Yan. “There is anger in your heart. You need to let that go. Anger prevents the mind from thinking clearly. Do you understand why the men who attacked us were angry? Because Tony changed. He didn’t want to get involved with their drugs anymore. That tells me a lot about this young man. I believe Erin is right. I believe training could benefit him, just as it has all of the students, including yourself.”
Yan glared at Tony, who was looking down. I could see his face trembling. Tony shook his head. “I shouldn’t be here. I don’t want to cause trouble. I just want Erin to be safe. With all of you here, she should be.”
Max didn’t let go of his hand. “Erin, I’m going to need you to take over my classes today. Tony, I think I have a gee that will fit you. You will participate in my classes. I won’t ask any of the other Junior Masters to take on this responsibility if they don’t feel comfortable doing so.” Max bowed to Yan. “I believe you have a Karate class to attend to.”
Yan’s face was tight. He bowed stiffly but said nothing. He left the kitchen, still angry.
Tony frowned. “Max, I don’t want a cause a rift between you and your Junior Masters. I know why Yan hates me. From his perspective, it’s justified.”
Max shook his head. “That is not the behavior I expect from my Junior Masters. Yan is relatively new to this dojo. He came because of Philip and I accepted him because he was an eager student and progressed rapidly. But he’s got a hot temper. This will be an important lesson for him.” He opened a drawer and pulled out a gee. “This should fit you. Erin can show you where the locker room is. Erin, if you see Ryan and Linda, will you ask them to come in to the office, please? I need to shift some classes.”
I made sure Max was back in his chair before I left. Amy and Linda were coming down the hallway. They both stopped when they saw us. I pointed toward the locker room. “The men’s is to the left.” Tony looked uncomfortable but went in. I turned to the girls. “Linda, Max wants to see you in the office. Is Ryan here yet?”
Amy nodded “He’s talking to Steven by the front desk.” Her voice sounded odd. “Is that Tony Burns?”
I concentrated on the air moving in and out of my lungs for a moment. “Yes. He’ll be sitting in on classes today.”
Linda looked dazed. “Why?”
“Because Max asked him to.” I didn’t have a better answer to give them. I found Ryan and gave him Max’s message then went in to change. Linda and Amy were both talking quietly, wondering what Max was thinking. I didn’t say anything. I changed and found Tony in the hall trying to figure out how to tie the white belt that Max had given him. I helped him and led him to the classroom.
Tony looked apprehensive. “Erin, I have no idea what I’m doing. I’ve had self-defense but I never studied any of the actual martial arts. I don’t know any of those fancy moves.”
“Don’t worry. You are a beginner. You won’t be expected to know anything. Just keep an open mind and pay attention.”
Max came in. I took one look at him and wondered if he should be here at all. Tony grabbed a chair and brought it to him. Max grinned. “Thank you.” He focused on me. “You are the most advanced of all the Junior Masters. I trust you will be able to manage if I just sit and watch.”
I bowed to him. “I’ll do my best. You’ll have to tell me what you want the class to focus on.” We spent the next few minutes going over his planned lesson.
The students began arriving. They were all older. Frank was in this class. He came in and grinned at me. “Didn’t you toss me enough times last week?”
I laughed and the tension drained out of me. I managed to make it through all of the afternoon classes. Max had Tony work near him where he could provide direct instruction. By the end of the afternoon, our lack of sleep the previous night was beginning to catch up with us. We helped Max to the library.
Susan had set out the dinner. I could see the worry in her face when she saw Max. He leaned heavily on Tony, who didn’t complain, only did his best to be as gentle as possible. Dinner was one of the quietest we’d ever had. Amy and Ryan exchanged a few soft comments about their classes but no one else said much, other than to compliment Susan on the dinner.
The evening classes were far more interesting for me. I had always been so busy with my own classes that I’d never seen the ones Max was teaching. The last one of the evening was the most challenging of all. Everyone in the class was very advanced. It was Kendo. Everyone had their own bokuto. Some of them looked hand carved and were beautifully polished. Max had me give Tony a lighter one made a balsa and allowed me to use his personal bokuto. I felt very honored. Tony did his best to keep up with the help of Max.
After class, an older man stopped next to them. “Max, you look a little under the weather.”
“I’m afraid I tried to imitate Humpy Dumpty.”
The elder chuckled. “Not a good thing to do. But you gave us an excellent substitute. Her forms are exceptional.” He looked at Tony. “And I see we have a new face in class. How long have you been practicing Kendo?”
Tony looked exhausted. “About an hour.”
The man was surprised. He looked at Max. “A fast learner under a good teacher. He will be ready for his first dan before you know it.” He bowed and went out.
Tony looked mystified. I came up and hugged him. “That’s quite a compliment.”
Max shook his head. “More than you realize. Mr. Tamagochi is eighth dan. He’s been studying Kendo over forty years. He comes for the company of others, not instruction.”
I was awed. “I’ve only met one other Kendo hanshi in my entire life. That’s really exceptional.” I couldn’t believe I’d been given such a compliment. I was only considered a third dan.
Max pushed out of the chair and Tony grabbed him. “I think it’s time for you to go home.”
Max chuckled. “You and Erin as well. You both look exhausted. I won’t have classes in the morning again so the dojo won’t be open until eleven.” He looked at Tony. “Will you be returning?”
Tony lowered Max into his chair in the office. “If it’s okay with you. I’d rather stay close to Erin.”
Max nodded. “You did well today. I was impressed. I look forward to seeing your continued progress.”
Tony and I went into the locker rooms to change. Linda was also changing. She watched me. “How did you ever end up with Tony Burns?”
“It’s a long story. I saw the situation he was trapped in and realized he needed help. I don’t judge people by what others say about them. I pay attention to their actions. He has to look tough because there are guys out there who want to kill him.” Between what I’d seen in school and what he’d told me, I figured that was accurate.
“But those guys attacked you last night because of him.”
I sat down on the bench next to her. “Tony made a tough choice. He turned down the offer of a drug deal. That’s why those guys are after him. He did the right thing and it made them mad. And I protected him from a guy who was trying to stab him. And so they are mad at me.”
Linda gasped. “But where does it stop?”
I had no idea. “That’s the problem we face. Things escalate quickly but trying to stop something like this is a challenge. Somehow I have to find a way. But right now, Tony feels responsible for my safety. I’ve given up arguing with him. Besides, Max thinks this will do him good.”
I went out and found Tony talking to Susan. She put a hand on his arm. “Erin is a proficient fighter. I’m not worried about that. I’m far more worried about the other issues with her grandfather.”
Tony dropped his voice. “So am I, which is why I really don’t want to get too far from her right now. Diana is a good lawyer. She’s not going to give up until Erin is safe from that threat. I just don’t want to put her at a greater risk right now. There are too many crazy things going on around her. She can kick butt but I can call in the cavalry.”
Susan nodded and went in to see how Max was doing. I moved to Tony’s side. “You look as tired as I feel.”
He grinned at me. “You got that right. How do you do this every day?”
“I usually get more than four hours of sleep.” I noticed Steven coming down the hall and slipped my arm around Tony’s waist. He put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me toward the door. It felt strangely comfortable. Steven didn’t say anything. He just watched us walk out.
Both of us were extra cautious as we moved toward the alley where his bike was parked. Tony made me hold back. He slipped a hand into his jacket and peered around the corner. “I don’t see anything.”
We got on his motorcycle and went back to his cover house. There was a small yellow sticky note on his door. I looked at it in the dim light. “There’s nothing on it.”
He grinned. “It means we check in at the main house.” He pulled me around the corner and went up to the side door. It was dark inside. He unlocked the door and opened it. Something began beeping. He tapped some numbers onto a touchpad on the wall and it stopped.
“They must not be here tonight. The alarm was set for away. That’s not good. Under the circumstances, I’d rather have them here.” He found a box on the counter. There was an envelope on top of it. He opened it, read a few lines, and handed me the box. “Merry Christmas.”
“Isn’t it a little early?” I looked in the box. It was my clothes. “I guess that means I’m staying for a few days.”
Tony finished reading the paper and crumpled it up. He tossed it into the trashcan. “Damn!”
“What’s wrong?”
“One of those guys made bail.” He rubbed his eyes. “Come on. We need to get some serious sleep.” He reset the alarm and locked up the main house. He took my hand and led me around the back of the building. “The fewer people that see us the better.”
We got inside and the old couch was looking mighty comfy. I started to sink into it but Tony put up his hand. He moved the coffee table and pulled the cushions off. The couch opened up into a bed. I studied the results. “Wow. You have all the latest wonders.”
He chuckled. “It’s a little easier to sleep on. I even have a couple of real pillows in the closet.”
I went into the bathroom to change and he put the bedding on. I crawled in bed while he went into the bathroom. He came back out wearing sweats. He got into the other side and turned out the light. I could feel him shifting around to get comfortable.
I had slept on a cot next to my mom as long as I could remember but this was different. I’d slept curled up next to him on the couch but now we were actually laying in the same bed. I thought about David’s fears of the fine line he was treading. This was definitely in that category. His breathing became regular. I listened to it, got comfortable with it, and was able to fall asleep.
I woke from a dream with a start. I don’t usually have vivid dreams that I remember but this one was the exception to the rule. My heart was racing. I felt Tony roll over. “Erin, are you okay?”
“Sorry. It was just a dream.”
His hand found mine. “You don’t have to be afraid. You’re safe here. I’m not going to let anyone hurt you.”
I wondered if he realized how silly that sounded. I was far more worried about him getting hurt. I tried to fall back to sleep but my mind wouldn’t let go of the dream image. Tony’s breathing had gone back to a regular rhythm. I thought of Fusan and pulled up an image in my mind of one of my favorite paintings he’d done. Two dragons curled around each other. According to Japanese beliefs, these two intertwined dragons had created the world. They replaced the dream image and I slept.
When I woke again, dim light outlined the window blinds. I found my watch. It was after seven in the morning. That was much later than I usually slept but I was probably making up for missed sleep. Tony was still sound asleep.
I looked into the box of clothes and realized most of them were dirty. I’d seen a washer and dryer in the bathroom. I took the box into the smaller room. The washer was empty but the dryer had a few clothes in it. I started my clothes and began folding the others out of habit. I found an old faded shirt with blotchy stains of darker blue. I studied it, seeing the dragon emerge from the pattern.
I took the shirt back into the room where Tony was still asleep. I pulled out my backpack and found my materials. I sketched in the rough design then worked the details. The dragon’s face seemed to be looking out of the center of the chest with its body wrapped around the back. The right front leg appeared to be grabbing the shoulder and the other reached forward and seemed to be grabbing the waist.
I looked up to compare the dragon’s features with Tony and noticed that he was awake. He had a quizzical grin on his face. “Whacha doing?”
I grinned back and turned the shirt around so he could see the design. “What do you think of Torinado?”
He gasped and pushed himself up against the back of the couch. “That is amazing!”
I felt it was done. I pulled the cardboard out and handed it to him. “I hope you don’t mind I used the shirt. I found it in the dryer.”
He traced the design with his fingers. “You took a shirt I was going to rip up for rags and turned it into a masterpiece.” He looked up at me. “You are absolutely incredible.”
The washing machine beeped. “I’m guessing that means the load is done. I’m going to toss it in the dryer. I have another shirt to finish.”
When I came back he disappeared into the bathroom to change. I got out Shelly’s shirt and went to work on the design. Tony moved around the room but I was focused on my work. He eventually tapped me on the shoulder. “Hey, break for station identification.” I looked up and he handed me a plate of food. “Remember, you need to eat.”
I put the shirt down and took the plate he offered me. It seemed overloaded. “This is a lot more than I usually eat.”
Tony sat down next to me with his own packed plate. “Considering the work you do, it’s no wonder you pass out if you don’t eat. A little extra won’t hurt you.”
We ate in silence. I finished about half of what he’d made. “This is all very good. The pancakes are really fluffy. But I just can’t finish it all.”
He took my plate. “That’s okay. Mr. Magoo will give you a wet sloppy kiss in thanks. He eats pretty much everything I don’t.”
I frowned. “Dare I ask?”
He scraped everything on one plate and headed for the door. “Come and see.”
I followed him outside. He whistled and a droopy looking Basset Hound appeared from around the corner of the house next door. His skin looked like it was oozing off of him. “Oh my. Do the neighbors know you’re feeding their dog?”
Tony chuckled. “You should see what the kids feed him. This dog even likes broccoli and Brussel sprouts.” He scraped the food into a heap and the dog buried his face in it.
I couldn’t help it. I started laughing. “He makes the weirdest noises while he’s eating.”
Tony laughed with me. “He’s old and mostly blind but his hearing and his sense of smell still work. You should see him blundering around the yard. That’s why I call him Mr. Magoo.”
We went back inside and left the dog eating. The dryer beeped. “Sound like my clothes are done.” I retrieved them and changed into a clean set. When I came out, Tony was looked at the shirt I’d been working on. “What do you think?”
“I looks like her. What are you going to name this one?”
“I usually pick something that is close to the person’s name but sounds like a dragon. Maybe Shelia.” I studied it critically. “I want to work on a few more details.”
Tony hugged me. “Go ahead. Max said he wouldn’t be there until eleven. We have about an hour.”
I finished up the dragon while he washed the dishes and straightened up the room. I was satisfied with the image by the time we had to leave. I put it in my backpack and we headed out on the motorcycle for the dojo.
I taught all of Max’s classes again while he coached Tony from his chair. The last class of the evening was his advanced Taekwondo class. These were all advanced students, some of who were studying for their black belts. One of the students was older, probably in his late twenties. He didn’t look happy about having me teach the class instead of Max.
I taught the class as Max had described it to me after dinner. The kata we were working on was fairly complex. I hadn’t done it in almost a year. Max called out the moves as we progressed through the kata and I gradually remembered it. At the end of class, the man came up to Max. “I hope you’ll be better next week. I’d rather study under you than a Junior Master.”
Max frowned. “Erin is a competent instructor. She just hasn’t needed to teach that kata in a while.”
I felt uncomfortable. I didn’t consider myself a master by any means. The man didn’t look convinced. “How long has she been studying Taekwondo?”
  Max looked at me. I had to think back. “Almost twelve years.”
The man gasped. “You don’t look old enough.”
I shrugged. “I started early.” I bowed to both of them and headed for the locker room.
Steven caught up with me in the hall. “I was watching your last class. That was a tough crowd.”
I paused at the door. “Do you ever had students question your ability when you teach an advanced kata?”
“It depends on the students. If they’re younger it isn’t much of a problem. It’s the older ones that give me trouble sometimes.”
“I know what you mean.”
Tony came up behind me. Steven turned and looked at him. “So, what have you learned the past couple of days?” His tone was condescending.
Tony sighed. “That I’m not in as good of shape as I thought I was. I’m still amazed that you can go to school all day and still have the energy to come here every night. And do it mostly all day on the weekends. What’s you’re secret?”
“I’ve been doing it forever. I just don’t think about it.”
Steven was frowning. “So what are you going to do with all the techniques you’ve been learning?”
Tony headed toward the locker room. “Try to keep them all straight. I can’t pronounce half of them.”
I went into the women’s side and found Amy and Linda talking. They stopped and looked at me. Linda closed her gym bag. “You know, Tony is a lot different now than he was when he was going to Shoreview. He doesn’t seem like such a jerk anymore.”
I couldn’t help but smile. “He’s improved a lot since I met him.” I changed and went out.
Steven was still trying to push Tony’s buttons but Tony wasn’t breaking. He came up to me and put his arm around my shoulders. “Let’s go home. I’m beat.”
I put my arm around his waist, waved to the others, and we went out the door. I pulled us to a stop at the corner of the building. “My turn to look.” I peered around the corner into the darkness, waiting for my eyes to fully adjust. Something caught my attention. “There’s someone at the end of the alley.”
Tony stiffened. He pulled me back and took a look. “I think I see him. He looks like a bum but I don’t want to take any chances. Stay here. I’ll get my bike and pick you up once I’m on the street.”
I watched him duck into the alley. He started the motorcycle and pulled out in my direction. The guy at the end of the alley pulled something out of his pocket. Tony stopped at the curb and motioned for me to jump on. I pulled on the helmet and he took off.
I felt better when we got back to his place. There were lights on in the main house. Tony parked his bike and took my hand. “Let’s go see who’s home.”
I could hear voices as we approached the back door. Tony opened it. David was talking to three older people. He turned and looked at us as we entered. “About time you showed up.”
Tony shrugged. “Erin had to be at work. I’ve been shadowing her.”
David looked uncertain. The older man in the group stepped forward and held out his hand. “Hi, I’m Ron Makenzie. This is Katie and Gloria. We’re with the Pierce County Narcotics Division.”
I shook his hand. “Erin Dawson. I’m just me.”
Tony chuckled. “Right. Hey Gloria, you should see what Erin had figured out about the drugs Dr. Marsh is cooking up.” He started explaining it and dragged me into the conversation.
I finally couldn’t stop a yawn from escaping. I glanced at Tony. “I hate to say it but gravity is pulling on my eyelids and winning.”
Gloria hugged me. “You sure know your chemistry. I’ve been in the narcotics division for fifteen years and I’ve never seen anything like this.”
Tony playfully pulled me away from her. “Thanks, mom.” They all laughed. “We need to let this one get some sleep. We have class in the morning.” We started toward the door.
David cleared his throat. “Erin could stay here in the main house.”
Tony stopped and looked at him. “Gloria and I can do just fine looking after her. We’ll hit the panic button if there’s any trouble.”
Gloria picked up a duffle bag. “He’s right, Davy. Don’t want to blow anything if someone is watching the house.” She paused as her phone rang. “You two go ahead. I’ll be there in a moment.”
Tony pulled me out of the door. I felt uncomfortable. “Where does she sleep?”
“On the cot by the bathroom door. You probably didn’t recognize it as one because she has it buried in paperwork.”
The deep bark startled me. It became persistent. I stopped. “That’s odd. Mr. Magoo hasn’t barked at us before.”
Tony reached inside his coat and pulled out a gun. “Stay behind me.” He took the lead as we moved around the back of the building. He paused at the corner and leaned carefully beyond it.
I could see the squat basset hound down the fence line a ways. I leaned toward Tony’s ear. “He’s focused on something by your bike.”
The back door of the house closed and I could see the silhouette of Gloria in the dim light. Her attitude changed. She dropped her bag and moved quickly to my side. “What’s up?” I quietly filled her in. She put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I’ll go around the other way. Wait for my move.” Tony nodded and she hurried away.
A light came on next to the back porch of the neighbor’s house and an older man stepped out the door. “Basil! Where are you? What’s with all the ruckus?” The man flipped on a small flashlight and shone it around the yard. He walked toward the corner of the house. His light shone on the baying dog.
A shadow seemed to detach itself from the hedge that ran between the two driveways. It ran toward the street. I caught a glimpse of an outline from the light of a passing car. I gasped. “It was the guy from the alley.”
Tony looked at me. “Are you sure?”
“I recognized the shape of his coat. It’s a long one the goes down to his knees. And his hair was tied back in a ponytail.”
The neighbor had pulled the unhappy basset into the house and the light went off. Gloria moved through the shadows and stopped at the door. “Would you grab my bag? It seems the dog did his job.”
I grabbed the duffel and followed Tony. He was chuckling. “Extra goodies for Mr. Magoo tomorrow.”
We all went inside. Gloria took her bag. “Better go check on your bike and make sure nothing was tampered with. I’ll stay with Erin.” Tony slipped back outside. Gloria surveyed the room. “Looks like Tony opened up the bed. You okay with that?”
I sat down on it. “I felt safe last night.”
She moved to her cot and dumped all the papers on the floor. “Tony’s done safe house duty before. I wasn’t worried about it. Not like Davy. It’s not good that he doesn’t trust his partner.”
I pulled the pajamas out of the box. “I think it’s because of the way thinks went at school. I didn’t know what was going on with them. Tony was hitting on me because he knew I didn’t like him and it kept another girl from bothering him. I only agreed to pretend to be his girlfriend because I thought it would help him look good with the guys.”
She laughed. “I used to have to do that. Don’t feel bad. Tony is a good guy. He’s got a soft heart. Sometimes I wonder how he stays sane in this business.”
I went into change. Tony had come back in by the time I came out of the bathroom. He pulled off his coat and massaged his shoulders. “Doesn’t look like any of the tamper seals were broken.” He groaned and looked at me. “How do you manage that every day? I feel like a bag of aches.”
“You have been working in the advanced classes the past couple of days. It’s no wonder you’re sore. Those are things you grow into over time.”
He grabbed his sweats and went to change. Gloria looked confused. “What did he do?”
I did my best to explain my job at the dojo. Tony came out and added a more colorful description. I had to laugh. “I’m not Bruce Lee.”
“No, but you could probably kick his ass.” He looked at his watch. “We gotta hit the hay. I should get you there early enough for breakfast. Don’t want to break too much of the pattern.”
I laid down and fell asleep. The dream returned to haunt me. I was trying to run from faceless shadows. When I tried to turn and fight, my blows went right through them. Something grabbed me in the dream. I woke with a start.
Tony was holding me. “Erin, it’s okay. Just breathe.” His soft whisper tickled my ear.
I forced myself to relax. Gloria was snoring on her cot. “I’m sorry I woke you.”
He smoothed the loose hair from my face. I was sweating. He kissed my forehead. “I had almost expected you to be hot as damp as you are. Are you all right?”
I was afraid to close my eyes again. I’ve never had a dream like that. It felt too real. “I’ll be okay.”
He held me close. “I’m not going to let anyone hurt you.”
I leaned into his chest. I felt safe. I could hear his heartbeat and feel the rise and fall of his chest. I closed my eyes.
Tony woke me gently. “Hey, sunshine. Time to rise and brighten the day.”
“Thanks.” Tony was already dressed. I rolled out of bed and grabbed a set of clothes from the box. Gloria was still asleep so I went into the bathroom as quietly as I could. 
When I came out, Tony handed me my backpack. “I don’t want to rush you but my captain wants a short meeting before we get to school. We’ll meet him and Davy at the diner.”
I followed him out the door. “People there aren’t suspicious about things like that?”
Tony straddled his bike and kicked the engine over. “Nah. We show up there all the time. And they’ve seen you with me, too. They all think our captain is our outside source. That’s how it works in this game.”
I slipped into the helmet and got on behind him. I wrapped my arms around his waist and kept my face down. The wind was cold this morning. David was already there when we arrived. He watched us move toward the door then followed us in. Tony led me toward a booth and slid in next to me. David took the seat across from us. He was frowning. “Gloria told me what happened last night. Are you sure it was the same guy you saw at the dojo?”
I was uncertain about the tone of his voice. “I’m sure of it.”
He leaned back. “Great. But we don’t know where he fits. Is he with the No Names, the mafia, or the grandfather?”
Tony ordered coffee for him and David and a tea for me. “I don’t like unknowns anymore than you do. Right now we need to focus on connecting Marsh with Nurse Kern.”
Captain Pierson came in and sat down next to David. He glanced at me. “How are you doing this morning? I heard you had an eventful evening.”
“I’m getting used to it.”
Tony waited until the waitress had set everything down and walked away again. He leaned forward and dropped his voice. “So what are we going to need for a warrant to shut down this operation?”
The waitress returned and Captain Pierson ordered a coffee. He studied the others in the diner before turning his attention back to Tony. “The pictures certainly connect Dr. Marsh to the manufacturing but not to the distribution. We need solid evidence that proves that the school nurse is knowingly providing these drugs to students and that Dr. Marsh is supplying her with the drugs.”
Tony looked over at David. “Got any bright ideas?”
David stirred more sugar into his coffee. “I’m working on it.”
Tony looked at his watch. He finished his coffee. “You do that. I need to get Erin to school so she can get some breakfast.” He looked over at Captain Pierson. “Anything else?”
The captain got his coffee. Tony paid for what he’d ordered. The waitress moved off to another table. The Captain pointed at me. “She is in a tight spot. I know you’re already watching her close. Hagen has asked that since the two of you are already connected that you continue to protect her at school.”
Tony laughed. “I think you got it backwards. She’s the one doing the protecting. We’re just there to call in the mop up crew if needed.” He slid out of the seat and offered me a hand. “Shall we?”
I accepted it and looked over at David. “See you in school.” He nodded but didn’t say anything. I followed Tony out the door. He grabbed the helmets and passed one to me. I put it on. “Is David mad at me about something?”
Tony got on the bike and held out his hand to help me on. “He’s just sulking. I think Gloria chewed him out for something last night.”
We drove to school and Tony pulled into the lot behind the building. I’d never been back there before. There was a sizable lot for staff and student parking. We went in the back door and headed for the cafeteria. A flood of kids came down the hall and I recognized a few from the center. “The bus must have just gotten here.”
One of them detached from the crowd and ran up to me. It was Becca. She hugged me. “Girl, where you been? They came and took away your stuff.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. Tony put his arm around me. “Stupid state idiots. They screwed up the paperwork and kicked her out. But I took her in.”
Becca gasped. “You staying with Tony?”
That at least I could be honest about. “It’s not bad. And his mom is really nice.”
Tony chuckled. “I think she likes you.”
We got into the breakfast line together. Becca grabbed my arm. “There was some guy who came looking for you Sunday morning. He was pissed when Ms. Auger told him you was gone. He demanded to know where you was but she says she don’t know and don’t care.”
I felt weak. Tony grabbed me and held me close. “Don’t worry. I’m here.”
I picked out a tray of food and we retreated to our corner. Tony watched me eat. I’d purposefully taken more than I really needed and gave him some of it. Shelly came into the cafeteria and found us. I finished my last bite as she walked up. She sat down next to me. “Did you get a chance to finish it?”
“I did.” I pulled the shirt out of my backpack. “Meet Sharia.”
Shelly gasped. “Oh, she’s beautiful!” She held it up so she could admire it. “I have to go put her on right away!” She hugged me and dashed out of the room.
Tony chuckled. “Your work has quite an effect on people.”
I considered that. Maybe a dragon came out when a person needed it most. I thought about Rebecca. She’d changed since I’d given her Rubicon. She no longer seemed so timid in class. She was standing up for herself. Is that what the dragons had done for me?
Tony pulled me close. “Hey. Are you okay?”
“Just lost in thought.”
He gently pulled me to my feet. “I should get you to the library. You probably have a date with a stack of books.” He grinned. “Should I be jealous?”
I had to laugh. His expression was so comical. “You are something else.”
He winked and put his arm around me. “Just don’t tell my mother that.”
Everyone around us laughed. I let him lead me from the cafeteria but something worried me. Maybe it was my own feelings. I didn’t have a lot of experience with relationships. Tony’s arm around me felt too comfortable. David’s warnings kept rolling around in my mind. I cared about Tony. A lot. The last thing I wanted to do was get him in trouble. It was an emotional conflict of interest.
He pulled me to a stop by the library door. “Girlfriend, where are you?”
I glanced around. A couple of his boys had tagged along. I sighed and hugged him. “Thank you.” I wanted to say more but wasn’t sure how much the others could here.
Tony pulled back and looked at me. His expression grew concerned. “Erin, are you all right?”
“Just distracted.” I glanced back in the direction of the guys.
Tony frowned. He glanced back at them. “Could you give us some space?” They scampered away but not completely out of site. Tony enfolded me in his arms. His face was very close to mine. To anyone farther away, I’m sure it looked like we were kissing. Tony touched my face. “Tell me.”
His soft whisper made me tremble. How could I explain it all to him? I was confused by my own feelings. The sound of footsteps from the hallway distracted me. I glanced around and noticed a teacher coming down the hall.
Tony followed my gaze. He groaned. “Mr. Bradshaw. Yikes.” He pulled me even closer. “He’s supposed to be my first period teacher but I never really go to that class. I never cared much for shop. The boys and I usually hang out with the janitor down by the boiler room instead. He tells some really awesome stories.”
The teacher glanced at us as he walked by but didn’t stop. Tony was running his hands along my back in an imitation of a steamy hallway make-out. It was starting to have an effect on me. I looked at Tony’s eyes. The highlights in the irises seemed to glisten. “Do you have a life outside of this hell?”
He changed so abruptly that it startled me. He pulled me close and clung to me. I could feel the tremor shiver through his body. “Oh, Erin.” He rested his face on my shoulder. “This isn’t hell. Hell is beyond this place.”
His tone chilled me. I held him for a moment then pulled back. I watched him slide back into character. I was at a loss. “I should probably go study.”
He nodded and let me go. “I’ll see you at first bell.”
I went into the library but it took me a moment to stop shaking. I found a quiet corner and opened my books but it was hard for me to focus. My thoughts kept coming back to him. Somehow I managed to get the day’s assignments finished.
He showed up at first bell and walked me to class but he was distracted. The boys were all around us, laughing and joking. Tony touched his forehead to mine at the door of the classroom. “See you after class.” He slipped away with the pack.
I watched him go then went inside. Todd was already seated at his desk. He didn’t look at me as I sat down. “I saw Shelly wearing a dragon this morning.” His soft voice startled me.
I opened my textbook. “She needed one.”
Mr. Yenny came in pushing a cart and called everyone to the front of the room. Todd ended up on the other side of the group. I watched him during class, wondering what was going on with him. His expression was so odd.
At the end of class we pulled our books together. He glanced at me. “I don’t think I’m worthy of a dragon.”
The tone of his voice chilled me. I’d heard it before and the end results had been bad. The bell rang and I followed Todd to the door. I put a hand on his shoulder. “Todd? Are you okay?”
He paused and looked back at me. “What would you do if you knew that something you’d done was hurting someone else? I mean, if you didn’t even know until afterwards?”
The desperation in his tone startled me. “I’d find someone to trust and ask for help.”
Todd trembled. “Can I trust you?”
“Of course. What is it?”
He looked up. His expression changed to fear. “I have to go.” He hurried away.
I felt Tony’s arms around me. I sighed. “They say timing is everything.”
“Oh. Did I fumble?”
“Sort of.” I let him guide me out into the chaotic swarm of bodies. “Next time, if you see me talking to Todd, don’t rush in.”
We stopped at his locker. “Should I be jealous?”
I faced him. “You shouldn’t be.” His expression looked odd. “Tony, I…” I saw the motion and the reflection of the light on metal.

* * *
19
I pulled Tony toward me, twisted around him, and kicked the knife out of the kid’s hand.
Tony recovered quickly. He grabbed the kid by the collar of his jacket and slammed his face into the locker. “That wasn’t very nice.”
The kid snarled. “Streak isn’t happy with you.” 
He tried to push away but Tony had a firm grip on him. “I don’t give a shit about Streak. He can drop dead. I told him already. The deal is off.”
I saw Principal Granger coming down the hall and tapped Tony on the shoulder. “Top Dog coming in behind you.”
Tony glanced in that direction and grinned. He grabbed the collar tighter. “If you ever come at my girl with a knife again, I’m going to plant you so deep in a locker, they’re gonna need a tow truck to get you out!”
His loud voice had made everyone in the hallway stop. Principal Granger pushed through the startled crowd. “Is there an issue, Mr. Burns?”
Tony toed the knife on the floor. “This creep came at my girl with a knife.”
Granger tensed. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and called the office. He looked at the kid that Tony had pinned against the locker. “Mr. Keller. I believe this is a breach of your parole.” He almost sounded happy.
A man in overalls came running down the hall. The students parted for him. I recognized him as one of the janitors. He grinned. “I’ll take this one, Burns.”
Tony let him go and the burly janitor grabbed the kid’s arm and hauled him toward the office. Tony chuckled. “Taking out the trash. Bob’s the best.”
The bell rang. Principal Granger looked around the crowded hallway. “Don’t you people have somewhere to be?”
Tony closed his locker and slipped an arm around me. “I’d better get you down to the art room. You got a date with a picture.”
The principal frowned. “And then you’ll meet me in my office, Mr. Burns.” Tony groaned. Granger’s face slid into a half smile. “The police will want a statement so they can lock up Mr. Keller.” We started to walk away. “Well done, Mr. Burns.”
Tony smirked. “Wow. I never thought I’d hear that from a principal.”
He left me at the art room door. I pulled my work from the drawer and went to the table.  The little dragon behind the candy dish was calling to be revealed. I sat down and lost myself in the work. The tiny claws of the dragon gently touched a bending flower. The dragon’s face was sad as if it mourned for the early demise of the cut plant.
Ms. Gilbert stopped next to me and put a hand on my shoulder. “Erin, that is absolutely magnificent.”
I considered the full image. “I think this one is done.”
Others came and stood around my chair. One of the few boys in the class was standing right next to me. “I’ve never seen such emotion captured in a still life.”
I sprayed the picture and pulled out the others. The story was taking shape. Ms. Gilbert gave the five minute warning. She paused by the finishing table and looked at the four images. “This is one of the most impressive story sets I’ve ever seen.” She turned to look at me. “How are you doing?”
Her question caught me off guard. “I’m okay.” I put the drawings in my portfolio.
She hadn’t walked away. “Erin. It’s okay to admit if you’re sad. You’ve had so much going on in your life, especially the loss of your mother.”
The bell rang. I looked toward the door and was relieved to see Tony standing there. “I was once told that where one door closes, another often opens.”
She followed my gaze. “You have certainly changed that one for the good.” She grinned and walked away.
I moved toward the door. Had I really changed Tony or had I simply altered the way he and David were dealing with this case? I studied Tony’s face. He was grinning. He reached out his hand and I let him pull me into his embrace. I leaned into him. “So, how did everything go?”
He leaned into my ear. “Killer won’t be an issue anymore. Sounds like his parole officer is tired of playing with him, too. They’re going to send him to the big boy court.”
We stopped at his locker and I grabbed my books for math. We walked up the stairs together. I noticed that the people around us got out of our way but it was no longer out of fear. Their expressions had changed. Some smiled while others looked curious. I had changed Tony in that respect. He was no longer feared by the general student body.
David sat next to me in math class. He seemed stiff. After Mr. Craig finished the lecture and everyone began working on the assignment, I looked over at him. “Is everything okay?”
He studied me for a moment and dropped his voice. “What Tony is doing to you isn’t fair.”
I noticed several others watching us. I didn’t want to say the wrong thing. “It’s a choice I made and I’m conscious of the circumstances.”
David looked down into his textbook. “He’s pushing the line and putting you in danger.”
The bell rang. I collected my books and headed for the door. Tony was waiting there for me. I glanced at David. He was scowling. I was almost afraid he wanted to fight for real. I decided not to give him the chance. I pulled Tony away. “I’m starved. Even cafeteria food sounds appealing.”
Tony felt my forehead. “Wow! Are you feeling okay?”
We ate lunch and I spent the rest of lunch period in the library getting my homework done. Soc-Ec went by quickly. Tony collected me from the classroom door and guided me down to his locker. I could tell something was up.
I swapped books. “What happened?”
He grabbed his and shut the door. “I had a run in with Streak.”
We moved through the halls, avoiding collisions with others headed in different directions. I paused at the classroom door. “Are you okay?”
His face was taut. “I’ve been better.”
His tone made me worry. I put my arms around him and did a fast physical survey. He winced in several places. “They damaged you. What shape are they in?”
He leaned his head on my shoulder. “I didn’t have anything I could call them on but a couple of them are feeling worse than I am right now.”
David stopped next to us. “That’s disgusting.”
Tony looked up at him. “Mind your own business.” He pushed David away. I saw the note passed from his hand to David’s.
I pulled Tony into the room. “Come on. Let’s go sit down.” We moved back to our corner. I noticed David stayed on the other side of the room. He slumped into a chair and glanced at the note. His expression changed. He looked over at Tony with concern and made a couple of fast hand gestures under his desk.
Tony made some back then leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. “Wake me when the class is over.”
Professor Linton came in with his arms full of papers. I tapped Tony’s arm. “I don’t think you’re going to get that snooze.”
He groaned. “Usually I love getting homework back.” He pulled out a paper from the folder.
Professor Linton had started on the other side of the room. I gently touched Tony’s side. “How bad is this on a scale of one to ten?”
“Not broken but miserable enough.”
The professor made his way back to us. He put the paper on Tony’s desk and took the other one. “Well done, Mr. Burns. I can tell you have strong sympathies for the people who live on the streets of Tacoma.”
Tony’s face tightened. Everyone should. It’s worse than what the Joad family had to deal with.”
Professor Linton nodded and gave me my paper. “I like your personal comparisons. It made your paper very compelling.” He took the new one and walked away.
Tony was reading the comments. He frowned. “I don’t think Linton really gets it. Those people on the street have no choices. They have nowhere else to go and no way to get out of hell.”
I thought about that as we discussed the unfair attitudes of the land owners toward the migrant workers. I listened to the discussion that Tony started about the unfair attitudes that people have about the homeless. He made a compelling argument.
The bell rang and we walked down to the gym. Tony was very quiet. I gave his hand a squeeze. “Where are you at, Boyfriend?”
He stopped and pulled me into his arms. I could feel him trembling. I looked up and saw the tear trickle down his cheek. My breath caught in my throat. I reached up and wiped at the tear. He held me closer. “Oh, Erin.” He buried his face in my shoulder.
All I could do was hold him. Several of the girls hurried past and I knew the bell was going to ring. I gently lifted his chin. “You can’t carry all the burdens of the world on your shoulders. You can only control yourself and your responses to the events around you.”
His face was close to mine. His eyes were glassy. He leaned forward and kissed me. I returned the kiss. At that moment, I didn’t care. He broke it and pulled me close as the bell rang. His lips moved against my neck. “I love you.”
I forgot to breathe and had to gasp. I pulled back to look at him but he moved away without looking at me. He wandered down the hall alone. I staggered into the locker room.
Rita was whining to some of the other girls on the team. “But she won’t let me compete in the competition coming up. It’s not fair!”
I slipped past the group, hoping not to be noticed. Jill was already in her leotard. She grinned at me. “Wow! You and Tony really get serious when you make out.”
I sank down on the bench and opened my backpack. I didn’t know what to say. It was what everyone was supposed to think when they saw us. I looked up at her. What about you and your boyfriend?”
She giggled. “He’s a little shorter than me so it’s always kind of awkward.”
I found myself thinking of the way my body fit against Tony’s. He was only a little taller than me and it felt comfortable. I finished changing and hurried out onto the floor.
Ms. Addison broke us into groups for rotations. Rita scowled at me from across the mat. Heather finished her routine. She sighed. Without Rita, the team doesn’t stand a chance this weekend.”
“You’re pretty good. I could help you with your routine if you want it.”
She looked hesitant. “Why don’t you try out for the team?”
I dusted my hands with chalk. “I work after school and on weekends. I don’t have time to be on a team.” I went to the bars and did my routine.
Heather watched my twists and dismount. “You always stick your landing. How do you do that?”
I spent the rest of the period helping Heather improve all of her routines. By the time Ms. Addison sent us to the lockers, Heather had improved enough that I thought the team might do just fine.
Tony was waiting for me outside the gym. He pulled me close and hurried me toward his locker. He was glancing around. I did, too. “What’s going on?” I kept my voice low.
“I had another run in with the No Names. One of them left in an ambulance. I just don’t want any retaliation to come back on you.”
I grabbed my coat and did a quick visual exam of Tony. “You’re limping.”
He grimaced. “I’ll be all right. Let’s get you out of here. I’m taking you to the dojo on the bike.”
We went out the back way. We both relaxed when we got to the dojo. The senior bus was parked at the curb. I pulled Tony inside, passed the elderly students of Max’s Senior Yoga class. Max was just saying good-bye to an elderly man. I got his attention and waited.
Max came over. His expression changed to concern. “Erin, what’s wrong?”
“Could you check over Tony and see how bad he’s hurt?”
Tony groaned. “Erin, I’ll be fine.”
I gave him a stern look. “I’ve worked in dojos where students did serious damage to themselves and said the same thing. Max has advanced first aid. Please let him look over your injuries?”
Max agreed and pulled him into the men’s locker room. I went into change. They came out several minutes later. Max was still asking Tony questions about the encounter. “You were lucky. That blow to your back could have ruptured your kidney. You will be very careful tonight. Consider yourself on light duty.”
Tony sighed. “As long as I can stay close to Erin. My biggest concern is that I’ve increased the danger to her. I hadn’t intended on either fight but I had no way out. These guys don’t give the option to back down. All of them are serious players.”
Max eased into the chair in his office. “I know how that goes. I’m still feeling it. I’m not sure what to do tonight. With Philip gone, I really need Erin to teach her own and his classes. I just hope I can manage my own.”
I tapped on the chair. “Take this with you. Your students will understand. If there’s something you need demonstrated, call one of us. You still have seven experienced junior masters here.”
Max took my advice. Tony sat in on all of my classes but I was careful about what I asked him to do. I watched his face for signs of pain. He actually got on very well with my younger students.
He sat next to me at dinner. Linda sat on the other side. She kept glancing at him as he and Max chatted quietly after we’d finished eating. She pulled me aside as I was washing plates. “He seems so mature. You must have really had a serious effect on him.”
I laughed. “Even the principal at my school has noticed. I’ve convinced him that he doesn’t need to fight or hurt others to look tough. He’s really a very sweet guy if you give him a chance.”
She grinned. “How does he kiss?” I felt my cheeks warm. Linda laughed. “That answers my question.”
It was nice not having to rush after classes were over. Tony and I rode back to the safe house. Gloria was sitting on the couch watching television. She turned it off as we came in. “Whoa, there Mac truck! How many dents are you coming home with?”
Tony sighed. “How much damage did I do the kid?”
“Busted his collar bone and dislocated his knee. He won’t be back in school any time soon, either. There was enough chemical in his system to land him back in juvi.”
Gloria helped me make the bed into a couch while Tony went in and changed. He got under the blanket and was almost asleep by the time I came out. I listened to him breathe and fell asleep myself.
He got me to school early enough the next day to beat the bus line to breakfast. We sat in our quiet corner, surrounded by a growing number of kids who respected the silence. The morning slid by quickly. I started the next drawing in art class. The little dragon was no longer hiding. There was a reflection from across the room in the surface of the vase so I decided to use it. By the end of the period I had the little dragon next to the vase studying his own reflection.
David sat next to me in math class but was quiet. Tony didn’t want to let me out of sight so I ended up finding a new quiet corner to study in. Tony brought me down to the boiler room. The brawny janitor who I’d seen the day before was sitting on a chair by the door eating lunch. Tony waved at him. “Hey, Bob. How’s the world?”
“Still spinning, brother. What shape you in, Burns?”
“I’ve decided a career as a punching bag isn’t a direction I want to go.”
Bob pushed the chair back on two legs and laughed. His jolly voice echoed down the hall. “If you lookin’ for the boys, they ain’t here.”
Tony looked around. “Good. They make too much noise. Erin and I have to finish our homework.”
Bob whistled. “Whoa, lady! You done changed this boy for the better. Sit yourselves on down and I’ll run trouble the other way if it comes calling.” We both managed to finish our papers by the bell.
Rebecca and I started a debate with several other students over the negative impacts of social inequality that carried right over into Grapes of Wrath. We got into a debate on the benefits of the government camp. I liked Ma’s statement that it made her feel like people but the crazy lady who didn’t like to dance made me feel uncomfortable. Tony seconded that motion. “It’s not that she doesn’t like to dance, it’s the whole reason why that gives me the crawlies.”
We only had mats for gym class so I spend the period helping Heather get her floor routine to shine. Ms. Addison called everyone to hit the showers. Heather hung back. She looked at me. “Rita is wrong about you. I don’t think you’re stuck up at all. You’re just really good. Thanks for your help with this routine. The team might actually have a chance, even without Rita.”
I walked with her into the locker room. “I’ve watched Rita do her routines. You’re a much better gymnast than her because you listen when people offer you suggestions.”
Tony drove me to the dojo. It was raining and the pelting drops hit hard even at the slow speed of the city streets. “How do people manage on the freeway?”
Tony chuckled. “They wear padding.”
He worked with me in my classes again. Max had sorted out Philip’s classes between several of us. It made for larger class sizes so I was glad to have Tony there. And he was catching on fast.
Dinner was amazing. Susan had made the most wonderful salad with fresh greens, cubes of apples, walnuts, and bite-sized pieces of chicken. Ryan sat next to Tony. After we had finished eating, Ryan turned to him. “I hear you helped Erin deal with Little Marty.”
Tony laughed. “He’s got quite an attitude, doesn’t he?”
Ryan grinned. “He started out in my class. I know how much trouble he can be.”
Tony scratched his jaw. “I don’t know. I think he just needs some positive attention. I watched his mom when she picked him up. She was on the phone and didn’t even look at him. He was trying so hard to tell her that he’d gotten that kata. He finally gave up. The look on his face was heartbreaking.”
Linda turned to Tony. “I saw you go up and give him a high five as he was leaving. That made him smile.”
“Sometimes a little goes a long way and it can make a big difference for a kid.”
Yan got up with his empty plate. “Is that what went wrong with you?” His tone was harsh. He disappeared into the kitchen.
Max frowned. “That wasn’t polite.” He stood up. “Because I’m still on the injured list, I’m going to be directing from the sidelines tonight. Let’s get our dinner things cleaned up and do some Tai Chi.”
Tony looked uncertain. “I know this is the master’s class. I’m just going to sit this out and watch from the sidelines. I’m still a little achy anyway.” He washed his plate and slipped in to change back into street clothes.
We had finished the Tai Chi and started working through some katas when Philip came in. Yan rushed up to him and gave him a careful hug. The others also went up and clustered around him. He seemed to be able to talk a little better tonight.
Tony nudged me. “Aren’t you going to go up and say hi?”
“I don’t want to cause a scene.”
I heard Philip mention my name. Yan frowned. “She doesn’t care. She’s got a new boyfriend already.”
My chest went tight. Tony grabbed me. “Steady. Remember that breathing thing? It’s really important.”
I thought about what Tony had told me. Everything snapped into place. I got my balance and pulled away from Tony. I moved through the others and came up to Philip. I hugged him gently. I’m glad to see you.” I turned to Yan. “I’m sorry about what happened to your girlfriend.”
Yan’s face tightened. “It was a hard learned lesson.” His voice was harsh.
Philip put a hand on Yan’s shoulder. “You must remember to control your anger, my friend.” He hugged me back. “I’m glad you have found someone.”
“I didn’t intend to, it just kind of happened that way. I was trying to help another student in school feel safe.”
Yan scowled. “Ya, right. As if Burns needed to feel safe.”
Tony pushed through the crowd. “I wasn’t the one who needed to feel safe. Kevin was. I was doing something that I didn’t think really hurt him to look tough. Erin realized it was hurting him. She convinced me to change the way I deal with people.”
Philip took Tony’s hand. “I remember you. You went to my school for a while.”
Tony looked down. “Ya, I did. I know it looked bad but…”
A saw Tony reaching for his pocket. I captured his hand. He looked at me. I could see the uncertainty in his eyes. I didn’t want him to break cover. “Tony changed.” I turned to the others. “That’s why what we do, both in the dojo and outside it, makes a difference. The most important thing that we can teach is our example.”
Philip hugged me. “I am sad to be leaving but I know that you are strong. You are a dragon.” He let me go. “I’m sorry for the way I acted last week. I honestly don’t even remember coming here. The pain medicine that the doctor prescribed was too strong and I made him change it.” He looked around. “I will truly miss all of you.”
We all said our good-byes to him. He asked me to walk with him to the door. He put his hands on my shoulders. “I can’t kiss you right now. I’m sorry for that. Max told me what happened to your mother and to you. I’m so sorry. I will always remember her smile.” He hugged me. “Be well, Erin.” He let me go and disappeared into the night.
No one could focus after that so Max finished up the class early with a breathing exercise. Tony sat next to me and followed along. He helped Max and Susan clean things up while I got changed.
The rain had let up a little. The ride home didn’t feel like being hit by a thousand pellets but it was definitely colder. When we got in, Tony wrapped me in a blanket and turned up the heater. “Maybe we should ride to school with Davy tomorrow.”
“Really? Won’t that hurt your standing with the boys?”
Tony chuckled. “I’m teaching by example, remember?”
Gloria came in. “You two look like icicles. How about I make some hot cocoa.”
Tony hugged her. “You’re the best mom ever.” They both laughed.
I felt empty. I slumped down on the couch. Tony came over and sat next to me. “I’m sorry, Erin.” His voice was soft. He put his arms around me and held me.
The tears came unbidden. When was it going to stop?
He rocked me gently and I gradually got it under control. Gloria came over and put steaming cups of cocoa on the coffee table in front of us. “This will take the chill off.”
I wasn’t cold anymore. Tony had warmed me. I thought about what he’d said to me the day before at school. What if he really felt that way? When he went in to change, I looked over at Gloria. “David keeps warning Tony about the rule concerning minors. I know we have to make it look like we’re in a relationship at school but I’m worried that our friendship might be taken wrong by others outside of school. I don’t want to get Tony in trouble.”
Gloria grinned. “You’re seventeen, right? The actual law in the state of Washington gives legal consent for sixteen and older to be in a relationship with anyone they want to be as long as it’s not forced. The whole minor thing that Davy is spouting is office policy. Pierson is old school. It’s not really your age that’s the issue but the fact that you go to the school where the boys are working. Once they wrap this case, you and Tony can have any kind of relationship you want.”
I was stunned. “And I won’t get him in trouble?”
She laughed. “Not at all. Personally, I think you’re good for him. You’re more mature than any girl I’ve ever seen him with and I’ve worked with him for four years. His last one was a nightmare.”
Tony came out of the bathroom. I didn’t know what to say. I picked up my pajamas and took my turn. When I came back out, Gloria and Tony were transforming the couch. I helped with the bedding.
Gloria picked up the glasses. “I’m going to run into the house and work through a few case files. I’m close to wrapping a case and I want to make sure I’ve got all my ducks in a row. I’ll try not to wake you when I come in.”
We said good night and Tony pulled back the blankets. “There’s a spot with your name on it.”
I got in and he tucked the blanket around me. I watched him crawl in on the other side. He turned out the light. I lay quietly, thinking about what had happened in the hallway Monday afternoon.
Tony rolled over to face me. “You’re not sleeping. Is everything okay?”
I felt odd. There were no dragons on these pajamas. I rolled toward him and ended up in his arms. He seemed surprised. I rested my head on his chest. He hugged me. His arms around me made me feel safe, even without a dragon. “Can I ask you something?”
“I’ve always hated that question.” He pulled me closer. “But you can ask me anything.”
“What were you thinking about yesterday after Lit class?”
His arms tensed slightly. “I’m sorry, Erin.” 
He started to pull away but I held on to him. “No, this is important. We need to talk about this.”
He rolled back toward me and buried his face in my shoulder. “Oh, Erin.” He was trembling. “I’ve tried to keep the boundary between work and real life separate. I know I’m not supposed to get involved but I can’t help it.” His voice was shaking.
I found his face with my fingers. “Tony, how do you really feel about me?”
He sobbed. “I know I’m not supposed to.”
I kissed him. He lost control. His kiss was very different from anything that Philip had done. I didn’t know how to respond but it didn’t matter. Tony was a gentle teacher and I soon found his rhythm.
He eventually broke the kiss. He held me close. He was crying. “I can’t help it. I love you.”
I brushed at the tears running down his face. “It’s okay. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before. It’s not like the way I loved my mom. But I love you, too.”
He buried his face in the side of my neck and wept. “We’re not supposed to.”
I gently pulled back far enough so I could bring my forehead to his. “Tony, it’s okay. I asked Gloria about it. We’re not breaking any laws. Even if we go farther we’re not.”
“But I’m an adult.”
I put my finger over his lips. “And I’m over sixteen, which, according to Gloria, is the legal age of consent in the State of Washington. She says Davy is going by an office rule. Once the case at Hamilton is over, no one can say anything.”
He laid there breathing for a moment. “Could you really love someone like me?”
I nestled into him and held him tightly. “I already do.”
His lips found mine and the kiss was deep and tender. I’d never felt anything like that before. He eventually broke the kiss. “Oh, Erin.” His arms were the dragon around me. I finally relaxed and fell asleep.
Gloria woke us the next morning. “Sorry, kids, but Mickey says it’s time to get up and go to school.”
Tony rolled over and looked at his watch. “Crap. I haven’t overslept in a long time.” He looked back at me. “I have to get you to breakfast.”
Gloria chuckled. “How about you two get dressed and I’ll cook breakfast for both of you. You need a break from cafeteria food.”
We got dressed and made the bed back into a couch. Gloria called us to the table and set out a breakfast feast. She joined us and started to talk about her case. Tony hushed her. “Gloria, this meal is amazing. Just enjoy it.” He winked at me and dug in.
We got to school with just enough time to make it to his locker before the first bell rang. Tony frowned. “I’m bad. Now you haven’t had time to study.”
I grabbed my books for first period. “It’s okay. I’m a couple of days ahead. Old habit.”
He closed his locker and walked me to class. He paused at the door and pulled me close. Several of his boys were not far off. He grinned. “May I kiss you?”
I kissed him. He gave me a real steamy kiss that made several of the girls in the hallway blush. I finally broke it. “I’ll see you after class.”
“Count on it.” His tone was suggestive. He gave a hand sign to the boys as he walked away and they whistled at him.
Mr. Yenny had a shorter than normal lecture. “Tomorrow we’re going to be looking at some new solar technology. I want you to get some extra reading time in on this chapter to be ready for the lab tomorrow.” He left the room.
A few of us actually opened our books. It wasn’t that I really needed to as I’d already finished the chapter but I was ready to work ahead.
Todd looked over at me. “Have you taken Chemistry?”
I closed my textbook. “I had AP Chem last year. Why do ask?”
He pulled a tattered notebook out of his backpack. “Look at the pages marked with a sticky note.”
I took it and opened to the first one. I recognized one of the equations that David had failed. Todd had gotten the same result. I struggled to keep my breathing even. “You must have Professor Marsh. A friend of mine has him for Chemistry. He’s fighting with the same experiments.”
Todd looked around the room. “I had him last year. I couldn’t figure out why none of these experiments worked.” He pointed to the tabs. “But my brother was home last month from college. He’s working on his masters in Chemistry. He looked at the equations and said I got what I should have. It was the expectations that were wrong.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. “What did your brother say about these results?”
Todd leaned closer. “He looked them up on a website. He said that if you combine some of these, you get prescription drugs. Some of them can really be dangerous if the wrong person takes them.”
I gave the notebook back to Todd. “You didn’t do anything wrong. You were just following the instructions the professor gave you.”
Todd put the notebook away. “Do you remember the girl who got sick in the hall last week? She had many of the symptoms of a bad reaction to one of the drugs. I’m worried that Professor Marsh is giving some of these drugs to students.”
I glanced at the clock. The bell would ring soon. The information Todd had would surely help the case but I wasn’t sure how to get it to Davy and Tony without blowing their cover. I looked at Todd. He was shaking. He needed a dragon. “Bring me a shirt. I’m betting there’s a dragon out there for you.”
The bell rang and we picked up our books and headed for the door. Tony was waiting across the hallway. He watched Todd walk away before coming up to me. “He looks a little pale.”
I slipped my arm around his waist. “He had Professor Marsh for Chemistry last year and his older brother, being a Chemistry major in college, discovered the drug connection.”
“Oh-oh. What’s he going to do?”
“He’s going to bring me a shirt so I can make him a dragon.” We paused at his locker. 
Tony opened it so I could put my books on the shelf. “I don’t understand.”
“I’ve found that when I give people dragons, it gives them confidence. Now I just need a way to connect Todd with Davy and you’ll have proof that Dr. Marsh has been doing this at least two years here at Hamilton.”
Tony kissed me. “You’re amazing. Have I told you that?” He led me down the hall toward the art room.
Kevin came down the stairs, also headed for art. He paused when he saw us.
Tony smiled at him. “Hey, Kevin. How are you doing?”
The boy looked amazed. He gave a tentative smile and nodded.
Tony grinned at him and made a hand sign.
Kevin beamed and returned the gesture. He went into his class.
I paused at the door. “What was that?”
Tony kissed me on the forehead. “That was sign language for ‘it’s all good.’ When you said that Kevin doesn’t speak well, I figured he probably knows sign language.”
I kissed his chin. “Look who’s amazing now.” The bell rang. “I have to go. I have a little dragon waiting for me.”
I took my art board and went to my seat. I looked at the sketch I’d done the day before. The dragon still looked sad. I didn’t like that. I reworked his features and got a large portion of the shading done. 
Ms. Gilbert stopped beside me near the end of the period. She smiled. “I like the tenderness in the face of the dragon as he’s looking at his reflection. I’ve gotten the feeling from the other pieces that he was searching for something. Maybe he’s found it.”
I put my work away and washed my hands. Tony was there waiting as the bell rang. He pulled me close. “Is your little dragon happy with you?”
I leaned into his embrace. “He’s coming along nicely.”
We navigated through the flow of bodies until we got to his locker. Tony opened it so I could pull out my math books. We walked up to the math wing. Kevin was getting his books from his locker. He turned when he saw us. He made a few hand signs at Tony.
Tony chuckled and returned a few gestures. Kevin laughed. He went into the class room.
I looked up at Tony. “This is something I’m going to have to learn. What did you say to each other?”
He hugged me and nuzzled my neck. “Kevin was asking if you were better and I told him you were awesome.” He kissed me lightly. “I’ll see you after class. I have to turn you over to Davy for the period. Don’t let him bore you to death.”
I saw him coming. “Speaking of, he’s coming down the hall. I don’t want him to get upset.” I let Tony go.
Tony gave me a sad face. “I’ll make it up to you later.” He looked at David. “Hey, cuz. How’s life treating you?”
David stopped next to us He didn’t look happy. I could see the piece of paper between his fingers. I turned to Tony but opened my hand. “Maybe you should go to class. You might surprise your teacher.”
“If I could remember who my third period teacher was or what class I was supposed to be in, that would be great.”
I turned back to David and shifted the note to Tony’s hand. “Well, we know what class we’re supposed to be in. Shall we?”
Tony kissed me on the neck and walked away. Several of his boys followed. David and I went into the classroom. I headed for my seat.
David followed. “You should be careful. Tony is pushing the line.”
I stopped so fast that David almost ran into me. I turned to face him. “Can you drop that already?”
David’s face wrinkled. “I just don’t want you to get hurt. I know him.”
I was trying to decide what David was really saying. Kevin jumped out of his seat and planted himself between us. “No! Leave her alone!”
I don’t know who was more surprised, me or David. David stumbled for something to say.
Kevin struggled with his words. “She changed him.” He pointed at a seat on the other side of the room and then at David.
David shook his head. “Fine. Whatever.” He glanced around Kevin at me. I shrugged and went to my desk. David went to the one Kevin had indicated and Kevin sat down. He glanced at me several times during class but didn’t say anything as we left.
Tony walked me to his locker before lunch. “What’s with Davy? He looked pissed.”
“Kevin wouldn’t let him bug me.”
Tony stopped at his locker. “Run that by me again?”
I explain what had happened as I swapped books. Tony laughed. “Wow. There’s a turn around.”
I hugged him. “It just goes to show that you can have a positive effect on people, too.”
After lunch, we studied by the boiler room. Tony was disturbed by the reading assignment. “I’m not looking forward to this discussion in class.”
Bob was leaning back in his chair. “Why is that?”
“Because when Steinbeck talks about being drunk, he makes it sound like a good thing. The line about sleep being death’s brother creeps me out.”
I shuddered. “The end of that chapter bothers me more. I’ve never cared for things like that. When we were in Tennessee, a neighbor dragged us to a revival. It was terrifying.”
Tony put his arms around me. “That’s enough to scare me right there – anything that terrifies you. You could beat the stuffing out of any bad guy.”
“This isn’t the same thing. It’s not something you can beat the stuffing out of.” I leaned into his chest. “I just hope the discussion won’t focus on that. I get the feeling Steinbeck and I agree on that topic.”
Tony kissed the back of my neck. “Can’t wait to read that paper.”
I held up the reflection paper I’d been working on. “It should be interesting to see what Professor Linton thinks of it, too.” I felt something buzz.
Tony sighed. “I’m going to visit the little boys’ room before we hit the hallways.” He helped me up. “I’ll be right back.” He nodded toward Bob and I got the message. I was safe here.
I finished the last of my paper and glanced over the new chapter for Soc-Ec. I was glad Tony wasn’t in that class. We were going to be talking about Detroit and by the look of it, there were a lot of homeless people there.
Tony returned as the bell rang. His face was tight. “Let’s get you to class.”
Once we were out of earshot of Bob, I leaned into him. “What’s wrong?”
“Keller made bail.” His tone was enough to chill me.
“Do we need a strategy?”
He pulled me to a stop at the classroom door. “You know what this guy looks like and you know how dangerous he is. Just keep that in mind. He’s pissed at me but I wouldn’t put it passed him to go after you.” He pulled me close and kissed me.
“I’ll pay attention. You do the same and no more imitations of a punching bag.”
“As my lady requests.”
I went into class and took my seat next to Rebecca. She was grinning. “Robert liked having Tony in class. Will he be there tonight, too?”
I considered how to word my answer. “Tony and his mom have pretty much taken me in. He’s been helping me keep it all together since my mom died.”
“Who would have guessed that he could be such a sweet guy.”
My cheeks felt warm. “He is a sweet guy.”
Rebecca leaned closer. “Have you drawn him a dragon?”
“I did but he doesn’t wear things like that to school.”
Ms. Green came in and we had to focus on the lesson. I’d lived in Detroit when I was younger. I knew how depressed the economy was. Ms. Green showed a series of slides that brought back bad memories for me. I was glad to escape from the class.
Tony and David were both outside the classroom when the bell rang. They were having an argument but it didn’t look like it would come to blows. I stepped between them, just in case. “I really hope this isn’t over me.”
Tony pulled me into his arms. “Only a little. I was just telling him about last year’s student with the same problem Davy was having.”
We started moving toward class. I still had my Lit books with me so we didn’t need to stop at the locker. The class discussion went the way Tony had predicted. It went from alcohol to drugs and from there, completely out of hand. I decided to stay out of it. I couldn’t help but think of Max and the loss of his brother.
Tony walked me down to the gym. Heather and several other girls from the team were standing by the door. Heather came up to me. “You don’t have to worry about Rita bothering you in class today. She broke down in tears in her last class and the teacher sent her to the nurse. It sounds like she went home early.”
Tony shook his head. “And she wondered why I chose you over her. Seriously? Give me a break.” He kissed me. “I’ll see you after class, Girlfriend.”
I watched him walk away then went into the locker room. Jill was right in front of me. She turned around and giggled. “You and Tony went all the way, didn’t you?”
I was surprised. “No, what gave you that idea.”
“You two have been more romantic all day. That usually happens after going all the way.”
I pulled out my leotard. “Well, we do sleep in the same bed but his mom sleeps in the same room so it would be kind of…”
“Awkward?”
“Exactly.”
I spent the period helping Heather again. She also encouraged several other girls from the team to let me help them. After class, Ms. Addison called me over. “Even though you’re not on the team, I’m considering you for a junior coach position.”
“I appreciate the offer but I really don’t have any time out of school.”
“This is during school. Next semester I could bring you on as a coach for the freshman team. They could really benefit from your experience.”
I’d never been any place long enough to even consider an offer like that. And there were still a lot of unknowns concerning my grandfather. “I’ll keep it in mind. Thank you.”
Tony drove me to the dojo and helped with all my classes. He even volunteered to be the attacker for the self-defense class. I made sure to be gentle as he was still hurting. He even helped Max clean up the dojo after classes.
It was almost eleven by the time we got home. We found the bed already made up and Gloria snoring on her cot. Tony chuckled. “Well, that’s different. She beat us to bed.”
The rain was pounding on the roof the next morning and Tony talked David into driving us to school. He dropped us off about a block away, not wanting to look too friendly at school, just in case. We were both soaked by the time we got to the steps.
Tony held open the door for me. “Man, I feel like a drowned rat.”
I pulled off my raincoat. “It’s a good thing Sui Riu is a rain dragon.”
Tony did his best to wipe off his jacket. “Maybe I should get a rain dragon to keep me dry.”
We stopped at his locker before going to breakfast. I grabbed some books to take to the library afterwards. We went through the line and I chose what looked like a healthy meal. The boys seemed to form a living wall around us, quietly respecting our corner.
Tony walked me to the library. We paused just outside the door. The boys had followed at a distance. Tony enclosed me in his arms. “I hate having an audience everywhere we go.”
I leaned forward and kissed him. He pulled me closer and deepened the kiss. I stopped thinking about anything else until I heard the catcalls from the boys. I reluctantly pulled back. “At least we have an appreciative audience.”
Tony touched my face. “I don’t really care what they think.” His voice was husky. I felt warm in a whole new way. He leaned his forehead against mine and closed his eyes. “I’ll be glad when this gig is done and I don’t have to be someone else.” He kissed my ear. “I’ll see you at first bell.”
He let me go and I went into the library. I was surprised to see Rita sitting in the corner, staring out the window. Her face seemed expressionless. I wondered if she’d seen Tony and me kissing in the hallway. She didn’t move. I went past her and found my quiet corner. It took a lot of effort to concentrate on the assignments.
When I left at first bell, she was gone. Tony was waiting in the hallway. He wrapped an arm around me. “What’s wrong?”
I was comforted by the warmth of his body. “I saw Rita this morning. Something is up with her. I’m just not sure what.”
We stopped at his locker so I could drop books. “Maybe she’s moping.” He walked me to class. David was headed down the hall for the chemistry lab. “And she isn’t the only one. The captain is putting a lot of pressure on Davy to make a connection with Dr. Marsh. We need that last step in the process.”
I hugged him, not really wanting to let go. “We know what he’s making and where he’s making it. He must move it from there at some point.”
“That would be the logical assumption.” He kissed me. “I have to go catch up with the boys. We’re hanging with Bob this period. It gives me an excuse to keep tabs on the No Names. They hang out by the delivery bay.” He kissed me again and let me go.
I watched him walk away and went into class. Mr. Yenny was on the phone at his desk. He looked up at the clock as I walked in. “Oh my! I’m sorry but I have to go. My first class is starting soon.” He hung up the phone. “Good morning, Erin. I’m running a little late. Would you please help me move a piece of equipment to the classroom?”
“Sure.” I put my books down on my desk and followed him to the science office.
As we went in I noticed Dr. Marsh was seated at his desk. He was in conversation with someone on the phone and dropped his voice as we entered. Mr. Yenny glanced at me. “I have to pull it from the backroom. Just a moment.”
Dr. Marsh leaned over his desk. “We’ll have to talk about this later. My class will be starting soon. I’ve got the next set finished. I can bring it up at lunchtime.” I could hear the woman’s voice on the other end of the phone. It was Nurse Kern! 
Dr. Marsh ended his call and got out of the way as Mr. Yenny pushed a cart through the office. It started to veer off course. Mr. Yenny struggled with it. “Erin, could you grab that end?”
I caught the metal cart and guided it toward the door. “Got it.” We herded the contraption down the hallway. I struggled to get my breath and heart rate back under control.
Mr. Yenny wheeled it to the front of the class. “Thanks for the help.” He turned to the class. “Gather round the cart. If you finished the reading assignment, you should know what this is.”
He plugged in a cord and turned on a bright spotlight that was angled down on the photo cell. Colorful lights lit up, a small fan began to spin, and music came from a speaker. We spent most of the period exploring the possibilities of solar power.
I did my best to focus on the discussion but my mind was whirling. Mr. Yenny eventually turned off the lamp and unplugged it from the wall. “Erin, you’re right there. Could you roll the cart to the corner of the room, please?”
I reached for the edge of the cart. My hand intersected the metal shade of the lamp. Pain shocked me to attention. I gasped.
Mr. Yenny rushed to my side. “I should have warned you that was going to be hot.”
“I’m sorry. I guess I was still thinking about the lesson and not paying attention.”
He looked at my hand. “That could be a serious burn. Let me write out a hall pass. You should go to the health room.”
I cringed. That was the last place I wanted to go. I collected my books and took the pass. The first place I went was to the bathroom so I could run cold water over the burn. I dampened a paper towel and wrapped it around my hand then hurried toward the boiler room.
Tony and the boys were leaning against the wall, listening to Bob telling some story. He looked up as I came toward them and immediately rushed to my side. “What happened?”
“It’s not important. I need to talk to you. Alone.”
Tony looked back at the boys. “I’ll catch you guys later. My lady is hurt. I have to take her to the nurse.” He guided me away from the boys. He led me to the stairs and guided me under the stairway. “Let me see your hand.”
I pulled back the towel. The skin was red but not blistered. “It’s not that bad.” He started to argue. “Tony, listen!” I dropped my voice. “I know when Dr. Marsh is making the drop to Nurse Kern.”
“What? Have you already been to the health room?”
“No. I overheard him talking to her on the phone. He told her he had another batch done and would bring them up at lunch.”
Tony pulled me close and kissed me. “How did you get burned?”
“I wasn’t paying attention to where a hot lampshade was when I reached for the cart. It’s no big deal. I thought the information was more important.”
He held me close. “It’s important but not more than you.”
The bell rang and students began moving through the halls. “I should get to class so you can call this in.”
He raised my hand and laid it against his cheek. “It’s still warm. We should at least get you an ice pack for that.” He pulled me out of the shadows.
I heard the gasp and turned to see Rita coming down the hall in our direction. Her face seemed to crumple into a snarl. She screamed and launched at Tony.

* * *
20
Tony was caught off guard by her surprise attack. Rita’s fingers curled into claws and went for his eyes. I spun us around and caught Rita around the waist. Her fingers bit into my back. She screeched. “Let me go! I want to kill him!”
I could feel her heart racing. Tony moved behind her to control her rage. “Come on, Rita. Take it easy.” His voice was calm. He got her arms in his and pulled her back away from me.
I caught the flash of color and reached for the baggie in her pocket. It was filled with tiny green pills. I tucked them in my own pocket and grabbed Rita’s arm. My fingers found her pulse. “Tony! I can’t even count it. I think she’s crashing. Give her to me. You need to call 911.”
His face went pale. He passed her off to me and dug the phone out of his pocket. I managed to cradle Rita in my arms and get her down to the ground. Her body was shaking. Other students began to gather around us. Tony grabbed one. “Go to the office. Get help!” He continued to talk to the 911 operator over the phone.
Rita began to gag. My first aid training came back to me. I turned her to one side and a foamy mass ejected from her mouth. Many students swore and backed up. Feet were running in our direction. Nurse Kern pushed through the crowd. She carried a medical bag. “Oh my goodness! What happened?”
I glanced at Tony. He shrugged. I struggled to hold the withering form of Rita. “She came down the hallway and started screaming. I caught her and she threw up that.”
Another commotion in the hallway signaled the arrival of the medics. Nurse Kern had managed to get a blood pressure. She turned to a medic. “It’s way too high and her pulse is racing.”
The medic slipped on gloves and pulled Rita from my arms. “We’ll take it from here.”
Tony helped me up and pulled me away from the scene. I turned into him and transferred the baggie from my pocket into his hand. He glanced down at it and shut his eyes. “Oh no. Not her, too.”
Dr. Marsh pushed through the crowd. Nurse Kern took his arm and pulled him away. I watched them head toward the gym. I pulled Tony around the crowd. “Come on.”
I paused at the gym door and pointed to it. Tony glanced through the door. I could hear their voices. I leaned closer. Nurse Kern sounded like she was crying. “This is terrible. That poor girl.”
Dr. Marsh sighed. “Getting the meds right on a new patient is tricky.”
“This isn’t right. You said you had changed the dose on that one so it wasn’t so strong.”
“I did. How many of the pills did you give her?”
Nurse Kern sobbed. “She was having so much trouble this morning that I gave her five extras in a baggie to get her through the morning. She promised she’d only take them if she needed them.”
“Did you find the baggie on her?”
“No.” Nurse Kern sobbed. “What if she took all of them? Oh, Fred. This isn’t fair to them.”
“Helen, you know I’m just trying to help these kids. All of them are on state medical insurance. It doesn’t cover these meds. Look how many we’ve helped these past couple of years.”
She gasped. “And what about the ones that have died?”
“I did the best I could. There was no way to test blood chemistry. That’s why I started with such small doses. I can’t help if the kids take more than you gave them. Besides. Things will be better with this new batch. I’ve dropped the doses even more.”
Voices echoed from the other end of the hallway. Tony pulled me away. I’m not sure I could have moved on my own. I was stunned. We ended up by the back entrance to the student parking lot. I leaned into him. “I can’t believe it. He actually thought he was helping them.”
His arms encircled me. “Now I’m glad I didn’t take you to the nurse. Oh, man. I need to call my boss.” He pulled out his phone. I listened to him explain things to Captain Pierson. He finished his call and slipped his phone back into his pocket. He glanced at his watch. “You kind of missed second period. I hope that little dragon doesn’t get mad at me.”
I buried my face in his chest. “It will be okay.”
Tony kissed me. “Let’s get you up to math class. Maybe we can catch Davy before he goes in.”
We got up to the math wing as the first bell of the set rang. We waited by the remains of my old locker. It was still blackened and doorless.
David came down the hallway and paused when he saw us. He came over. “What’s going on?”
“Hey, Clueless. Well, for starters, Rita just dropped from a drug overdose in the lower hall. Second, the big party between Marsh and Kern is going down at his lunch hour.”
David looked lost for a moment. “Uh, he has first lunch, just like we do.”
“Wonderful.” Tony looked down at me. “I’ll have to sneak you some lunch. I want you safe with Bob while this is all going down.”
I leaned into him. “Do you trust him?”
Tony winked at me. “I’ve worked with him for a couple of years. Absolutely.”
“Oh.” I would have never guessed the old janitor was an officer. But I supposed that was the point. I looked at David. “Are you ready for Math?”
He glanced around. “I’d rather not piss Kevin off again so I’ll just sit on the other side of the room.”
Tony chuckled. He waved at Kevin who was getting his books from his locker. He made a couple of hand signs at him.
Kevin grinned and signed something back. David frowned. “Gee, thanks.” He moved into the classroom.
Tony chuckled and led me to the door. “I’ll see you at the end of class.” He kissed me.
I kissed him back. “Be careful.”
“Always.” He let me go.
I managed to focus on class. We got into a debate on the value of certificates of deposits over stock investments. By the end of the period I was glad that I didn’t have either. I glanced over at David. He looked absolutely ill.
Mr. Craig also glanced at him. “Mr. Jensen. Are you feeling all right?”
David just shook his head. He covered his mouth with his hand. The other students around him jumped out of their seats and backed away.
Mr. Craig hurried over. He scribbled out a fast hall pass. “Go directly to the nurse’s office!” He handed the pass to David and helped him to the door.
The bell rang a few minutes later. Tony was waiting for me. He was grinning. “Was his act good?”
I slipped my arm around his waist. “Good enough that everyone around ran for cover.”
Tony laughed. He guided me toward the library. “I know you usually stop at the locker first but I need to be there to back up Davy. The Captain and his buddies are waiting in the wings.” He handed me something. “I smuggled something from the lunch room for you.”
I could feel the grease seeping out through the layers of napkins. “Oh, goodie.”
He hugged me. “I just want you to be safe.”
We turned the corner into the library wing. Something made me tense. There was a strange smell. I stopped.
Tony almost tripped over me. “What’s up?”
I didn’t have time to answer. I saw the movement coming out of a doorway across from the library. I saw the intent. “Kokutsu Dachi!”
Tony moved into a back stance. He’d been paying attention in class. “Erin, look out!”
I was already in motion. I twisted, leaning on Tony for a fulcrum, and delivered a kick with each foot as I rotated. The first impact was to his face and the second to his shoulder. He went down. More appeared from the corners of the hallway. “Looks like he brought his friends to the party.”
“Damn!” Tony moved his hand toward his pocket.
The rush of movement behind him sent me into motion. I blocked the knife thrust and brought my other hand down on the arm that held the weapon. The guy shrieked as the bone snapped. “We need to retreat.” I pulled Tony back the way we had come. The others began advancing on us.
Tony tried to put himself between me and the gang. We got to the corner and I discovered there were more coming from both directions of the hallway. One of them stepped forward. “Burns!”
Everyone froze. Tony turned and focused on the speaker. “What do you want, Streak?”
“The Man isn’t happy with you. You asked for a deal. He gave you a taste and then you backed out. Bad business.”
Tony flattened me into the wall behind him, shielding me from the oncoming attackers. I used the moment to catch my breath and center myself. I studied them, looking for the weakest link. I found it. I leaned forward. “Break third from the right.”
Tony nodded slightly. “Let Erin go and we’ll talk.”
Streak glanced at the injured gang member. “I don’t think so.” His voice was low and menacing. “She owes me.”
Tony sank into a fighting stance. I slid to the right and went after my target. I slammed my open hand into his chest. He went flying backwards into the lockers. Tony took out the guy who’d been standing next to him with a round house kick that caught him in the chin.
Mayhem broke loose. The others came at us. I grabbed Tony, swung him toward the opening, and used the momentum of the turn to plant my foot in the closest one. His body jerked backwards and collided with Streak. I pulled Tony forwards. “Come on. Head for the office!”
We got to the stairwell and Tony grabbed me around the waist. “Hang on!” We slid down the railing to the next floor.
I could see them following. “Keep going!”
Tony launched us down the next railing. We landed on the main floor and ran toward the office. I could see uniformed officers, guns ready, leaning against the wall, focused on the office window.
Tony whistled. “Macamier! Behind us!”
The lead officer changed his point of focus, bringing the gun up. Tony grabbed me and pulled me down to the floor. We skidded to a stop near the office door. The gang members realized too late what they had just run into. The officer motioned to his fellows. “Secure those kids!”
Tony looked at him as he helped me up. “There are four more in the hall on the third floor that will probably require medical attention.” He glanced at the window. “Come on.”
We went inside as Captain Pierson put handcuffs on Dr. Marsh. Another officer was asking questions of David. Nurse Kern was already in cuffs.
Captain Pierson turned and looked at us. “What are you doing here?”
I realized this had put Tony in a bad spot. I turned to Principal Granger. “I’m sorry, sir. We’ve come to explain why we had to fight with some other students in the hallway. I’m afraid that at least four of them are seriously injured.”
The principal’s brows went up. “What? Mr. Burns, do have an explanation for this?”
Tony’s face turned red. “They attacked us in the hall!” His voice rang in the office. “What were we supposed to do, let them knife us?”
Captain Pierson turned to another officer. “Go get a body count.”
Principal Granger frowned. “Mr. Burns, here I’d thought you had made a marked improvement.”
I put my hands up. “Sir, I was the one who did most of the damage. And Tony is right. They had knives. We were just trying to protect ourselves. There were a lot of them and only two of us.”
He shook his head. “Ms. Dawson. This school is not a fight club. You’ll sit for detention next week during lunch.” He turned to Tony. “Mr. Burns, I’ve given you plenty of warnings. Consider yourself suspended. Effective immediately.”
Tony sagged against me. “I’m sorry.” He looked across at David, whose face was pale. David managed to nod.
An officer stepped into the office. “Captain, we have the No Names in custody. The medics are here dealing with several of them. At least three will have to be transported to the hospital.”
“Understood. Thank you Mr. Frasier.” He turned to Tony. “Well, Mr. Burns. You might as well come with us. We’re going to need a statement.”
David detached from the group by the health room and pulled me out of the office. “Come on. Did you get a chance to eat lunch?”
I felt sick. “I think I dropped the grease burger in the hallway somewhere.”
He put his arm around my shoulders. “Let’s go down to the lunch room and see if we can get you something edible.”
One of Tony’s boys who called himself Rugby was just coming out of the cafeteria when we got there. He gasped. “What are you doing with Tony’s lady?”
I lost it. I turned to David and wept on his shoulder. He put his arms around me. “Don’t worry, Erin. He’ll be okay.”
Rugby looked lost. “What happened?”
David pulled me gently into the lunch room. “Tony got suspended. Excuse us but I need to get Erin some lunch. I promised Tony I’d look out for her.”
I managed to swallow down a little. David walked me to Soc-Ec. Rebecca was just coming to the door. She gasped when she saw me. “Erin! Are you okay? I heard they attacked you.”
David passed me off to her. “Keep an eye on her.” He patted my hand. “I’ll see you after class.”
I tried to focus on the class. I didn’t have my books or my paper. Ms. Green was understanding. David was at the door when the bell rang. He walked beside me to Lit class and sat next to me. I felt numb.
Professor Linton came down the row and knelt next to my desk. “I heard what happened. Will you be okay in class?”
I glanced at David. “I’ll manage. I apologize that I don’t have my paper finished.”
He smiled. “It’s okay. I know you. You always catch up fast.”
I listened to the discussion of the dance and the fight that didn’t happen. I wished Tony and I had been that lucky. I felt bad for the people in Weedpatch camp. I know what it was like to be manipulated by outside forces.
David walked me down to gym class. “Erin, be careful in class. Okay?”
I could hear the concern in his tone. “Thanks, David. I’ll see you later.” I walked into the gym. 
Heather was standing by the door. I braced myself for a harsh comment. She came up and gave me a hug. “Are you okay? I heard what happened at lunch. I was really worried about you.”
 We walked into the locker room. “I’m just frustrated with Principal Granger right now. It wasn’t fair for him to suspend Tony. He was just keeping me safe.”
Heather hugged me. “And he did. I’ve heard those No Names are nothing but trouble. They are the ones who should be suspended.”
I helped the team work on their routines for the competition that weekend. They were all amazingly supportive.
Ms. Addison called us all together at the end of class. “Some of you may have heard what happened to Rita this morning. She was taken to the hospital in critical condition.”
Many of the girls gasped. I tensed. I hadn’t even thought about her since this morning. “How is she?”
Ms. Addison smiled. “She will be in the hospital for a few days but the doctors are hopeful that she will make a full recovery.”
I was relieved. One of the girls suggested getting a card for her. It gave me an idea. “Anyone have an old tee-shirt? I think Rita could use a dragon.”
Jill grinned. “I have one in my locker.” We changed back into street clothes and Jill gave me the tee-shirt. “What kind of dragon are you going to draw for her?”
I usually looked at people when I was drawing personal dragons. “I’ll have to find a picture of her.”
Heather grabbed something from her locker. “You can use this. My mom took it at the last meet.” She handed me the picture of her and Rita.
Thanks. I’ll give it back when I’m done.” I put the picture and tee-shirt in my backpack.
David was waiting for me by the gym door. He directed me toward the parking lot entrance. “Diana called me last period. She wants to meet you in her office. I can give you a ride.”
I didn’t know what to feel. “Thanks.” We rode in silence. David escorted me into the building. He opened Diana’s office door for me.
Tony stepped out of a corner and pulled me into his arms. His kiss was deep. He finally broke it. “I was so worried about you. Did everything go okay this afternoon?”
“Did you get in trouble?”
Tony laughed. “Are you kidding? We just wrapped up two major drug rings. They found enough ice on most of the gang members to get their paroles revoked. And Dr. Marsh and Nurse Kern are a done deal. Davy caught them in the act.”
David was standing by the door frowning. “If Pierson sees the two of you…”
Tony scowled at him. “Will you drop it? The case is done! He can’t say squat.”
Diana came out of the office. “Tony’s right, Nicky. Erin is well beyond the age of consent. If she wants to go out with Tony, that’s her business.” She looked at me. “Right now, you and I have some other things to discuss. The DNA results came back.”
My throat went tight. “And?”
Diana smiled softly. “Claire was your mother.”
If Tony hadn’t been holding me I might have ended up on the floor. He hugged me. “You always knew that, Erin.” He kissed me.
Diana cleared her throat. “But it also means that we need to be in court tomorrow. There are some things we need to go over. I’ve been working on putting a history together. I need you to go through it and make sure I haven’t missed anything.”
I glanced up at the clock. Tony chuckled. “Don’t worry. I’ll call Max. You do what you need to with Diana. He’ll understand.”
It took almost an hour for us to get through everything. David dropped us off at the dojo. “Does this mean I have to come pick you up?”
Tony helped me out of the car. “Nope. Mom is coming to pick us up tonight. Are you going to school tomorrow?”
“No. I’m going to call in sick tomorrow. I want to be there for Erin in court.”
Tony waved at him. “See you then.”
Classes were already into the second afternoon set. Tony and I both changed quickly. I found Max with a combined class of different ages. He looked relieved to see me. He called the class to attention. “Now, the younger students will go with Roshi Erin and continue working on the Single Whip.”
Tony followed along after the class. He leaned close to me as the students took their places. “Which art is this?”
“Tai Chi.” I clapped my hands. “Let’s begin at the end of the Push and go forward.”
Tony did his best to follow along. By the end of class he was helping several other students with the technique.
The third class was a little more challenging for him. Max assigned me to Philip’s Karate class. They were all fairly advanced students. We began working through Heian Sandan. Tony was struggling with Kiba Dachi. The horse stance was used several times in this kata. 
Near the end of class, one of the other students came up to Tony. “I can see you’re struggling with that stance. It helps if you turn your toes slightly outward.”
I grinned, remembering how one master had described the pose to me. Picture yourself sitting in a saddle and kicking the horse with your heels. Tony had figured it out by the end of class.
We ate dinner and Tony started toward the locker room to change. Max called to him. “Why don’t you join us in class tonight? I think some of the things we’re going to cover will help you.”
Yan scowled as Max walked toward the classroom. “Burns doesn’t belong here at all. Why is Max inviting him into the master classes?”
Tony started to back away. He looked at me. “I don’t want to cause a rift within the ranks. Maybe I’d better sit this out.”
Steven took his arm. “Not a chance. Max is the Sensei of this Dojo. It’s his right to ask you to join this class.” He turned to Yan. “You need to let go of the past. Can’t you see how different Tony is now? He’s earned his place here at the dojo.”
Yan seemed amazed. “You’re actually sticking up for Burns, after all the things he did at school?”
Linda moved toward Yan. “You’re not paying attention. I saw how much Tony has done to help Max.” She looked at Tony. “As far as I’m concerned, I hope you decide to continue here. I watched you help several kids in various classes. You really made a difference for them. That’s the mark of a good junior master.”
Tony looked down. “Thank you for giving me a chance.”
We all pulled him to the classroom. By the end of the evening, everyone except Yan had worked with Tony on one skill or another. We stayed to help Max clean up the dojo. Max grinned at Tony. “Looks like you could have a place here at Inyo Dojo.”
Tony sighed. “I just don’t know where I’m going to be. Thanks to Erin, we’ve wrapped up this case at Hamilton. I have no clue where I’ll be assigned next.”
Max slapped him on the shoulder. “Wherever life takes you, you will always have an open door here.”
Tony shook his hand. “Thanks, Max.”
We went out and found Gloria waiting at the curb. We got into the back seat. I leaned forward. “I hope we didn’t make you wait too long.”
Gloria grinned. “Not at all. I just got here a few minutes ago. I was in court all day with my case and had wrap-ups all evening.”
Tony leaned back and closed his eyes. “You, too? I wonder where they’ll plant us next.”
Gloria headed for the house. “I’ll find out tomorrow. I have to go into the main division meeting. I’ll let you know.”
We made up the bed and changed. Tony tucked me in and crawled in beside me. I rolled over and rested my head on his chest. His steady heartbeat was comforting.
He gently tilted my chin upward. His lips found mine and I forgot how nervous I was about the next day. He finally broke the kiss. “Whatever happens tomorrow, there’s one thing that won’t change. I love you.”
I touched his face. “My heart to your heart. That’s what Fusan used to say. Love is centered at the heart, the source of the body’s blood.”
He put his hand on the center of my chest. “My heart belongs to you.” His voice was thick with emotion. He enclosed me in his arms. I could feel the dampness on his cheeks. “There is no one else.”
I woke not really remembering falling asleep. Tony was still wrapped around me. Gloria was moving around quietly in the room. I glanced up at the clock. Is was past seven in the morning. I hadn’t slept that late in a very long time.
I started to get up and Tony tensed. He looked around then relaxed. “I think it’s okay to sleep in this morning. Diana called and excused you from school. You don’t have to be to the courthouse until nine o’clock.”
“I know. I’m just not used to sleeping this late. I’m sorry if I disturbed you.”
Tony chuckled. “It’s the watchdog in me.”
I leaned over and kissed him. “You don’t have to get up if you don’t want to. I’m just going to do a set of Tai Chi and take a quick shower.”
He rolled out of bed. “Tai Chi sounds like a great way to start the morning.” He took a stance just slightly behind and to the side of me. I could feel his movements next to me. The Chi flowed between us. It was powerful.
Gloria watched quietly as she sipped her coffee. When we finished, she got up. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen anyone do that. I’m impressed Tony. You’ve really caught on.”
He picked up a cup and poured some coffee. He motioned to the bathroom door. “You can go first. I’m going to dump some joe into my gut.”
I wrinkled my nose. “How can anything that smells that good taste so awful.”
They both laughed. Tony put his free arm around me. “I suppose it’s really not that good for me. I’m going to have try some of the tea you drink. The stuff you had last night smelled amazing.”
I headed for the bathroom. “I’ll make you some later.”
When I finished, Tony got cleaned up. Gloria volunteered to drive us to the courthouse. “It’s raining cats and dogs out there.”
Tony pointed to the water around the steps. “And there’s a poodle now.”
His humor lightened my mood. I walked in beside him. It didn’t surprise me at all to see my grandfather in the lobby. I felt Tony stiffen beside me and put a hand on his arm. “It’s okay. I’m not afraid of him.” And I wasn’t.
Gloria leaned toward Tony and dropped her voice. “You know, if he makes an issue, you could always marry Erin and solve the problem.”
Both Tony and I stop and stared at her. Tony managed to suck in air. “Seriously? You think the court wouldn’t raise a flag over that one?”
I was stunned by the idea. I had only known Tony for a month. I didn’t doubt my feeling for him but did people really talk about marriage that fast?
Diana came up to us and broke the tension. “I’m sorry about him. This is a public area and I can’t do anything about his standing out here but I do have a room reserved for us.”
It shook me out of the daze. “It’s not a problem.” I hugged Tony. “Can you hang out with me until we go in?”
He hugged me back. “Absolutely.”
I ignored my grandfather’s stare as we started to walk past him in the hallway. There was another man standing next to him. He looked younger and nervous. He stepped up to me. “Erin?”
I paused. “That’s me. What can I do for you?”
He looked like he wanted to cry. “We’ve been searching for you for so long.” His voice broke and a tear trickled down his cheek.
I felt sorry for him. “I apologize for what my grandfather has put you through. I hope you find your real daughter someday.”
My grandfather’s cheek twitched. “I’m so sorry for what my daughter did to you.”
“I’m not. My mother was the most loving and devoted mother anyone could have. Doesn’t it even bother you that your actions caused her death? She was your daughter.”
His face went tight. “She wanted nothing to do with me when that vagrant got her pregnant. I tried to help her but she pushed me away. When she stole you from the Gordon’s, I was devastated and stopped thinking of her as my daughter. She had become a criminal.”
I shook my head and looked at Tony. “Someone didn’t look in the mirror this morning.”
He put his arm around me and pulled me down the hallway. “Some people recreate history in their minds to justify their actions. I’ve seen it before. Dr. Marsh kind of did that, too.”
David met us by the door of the room. He hugged his sister and turned to Tony. “I need to talk to you for a few minutes. Streak is trying to turn the story and his parole officer wants some extra details.”
Tony hugged me. “We’ve still got an hour before you have to be in front of the judge. This shouldn’t take too long. We’ll be back.” He kissed me and walked away with David.
I went into the room with Diana. It didn’t take us long to review everything. She had all the original documents with her in sealed cases. She started going through her notes one last time. I sat down in one of the chairs and pulled Grapes from my pocket. I was glad that I’d brought it. I started reading the next chapter. The waste of all the fruit really bothered me. I’d seen something similar when we lived in a small town in Wisconsin. The farmers had been paid more money to plow their crops under than it would have cost to harvest them.
Tony and David came in about five minutes before summons. Tony frowned and dropped into the chair beside me. “Hey, Girlfriend. What’s with the sad face?”
I shut the book and leaned on his shoulder. “This chapter just really disturbs me.”
David shrugged. “Then don’t read it.”
Tony shook his head. “You forget, Erin has to keep up with her homework. Unlike us, she’s stuck in Hamilton Hell.” He looked over at me. “What’s the issue?”
“The farmers have all of this fruit on their trees but the market is crashing. Children in the camps are starving to death but instead of giving the fruit to the people, they destroy it because they can’t make a profit.”
David leaned on one of the chairs. “That’s the way it is in corporate business. They sacrifice something considered to be less important to gain profit for the stock holders.”
Tony growled. “That doesn’t make it right.”
David sat down and faced him. “Tony, you’ve got to let that case go. It’s been over a year. I can’t even imagine what you went through on the street but I can see what it did to you. Maybe you need some counseling.”
Tony pushed up from the chair and stalked to the corner of the room. He faced the wall. “David, you don’t care. That’s the problem.” He spun around. “You don’t give a damn about people in the real world. I lived with the homeless for four months. I experienced the hell they faced every day. Steinbeck hit the nail on the head with Grapes. The worst of it is, nobody got the message. It’s still like that, even worse sometimes.”
I got up and went to Tony. I wrapped my arms around him and held him tightly. I didn’t say anything. He eventually relaxed and clung to me, sobbing lightly.
A bailiff came to the door. “Erin Dawson? Your case is up.”
Tony sighed, wiped his eyes, and let me go. “That’s your call.”
Diana and I walked to the courtroom. I could feel her nervous tension. I glanced at her. “What’s wrong?”
“I haven’t gotten a call back from my star witness. He was flying in from L.A. I just hope his flight was on time and he doesn’t get stuck in traffic.” She proceeded me into the courtroom.
Tony and David went in and sat next to Gloria. Max and Susan were there. Max gave me a reassuring smile as I passed by. We took our places at the table across from my grandfather, Mr. Hart, and Mr. Gordon. I glanced over at my grandfather. Something David had said struck me. My grandfather was sacrificing me for something. But what was it?
The preliminaries seemed to go on forever. We had a different judge this time, a lady. The Honorable Sarah Gallagher looked at all the pieces of evidence carefully. Diana kept checking her watch. It finally came time for people to begin testifying. My grandfather took the stand and explained what he believed his daughter had done. Mr. Gordon took the stand and explained things from his perspective. Even the private investigator who had been there when my mother was hit by the bus testified. He claimed that my mother was mentally unstable.
Diana cross-examined each person, asking general questions to fill in certain details. I listened carefully to each individual. My grandfather sounded tired, Mr. Gordon sounded hopeful, and the Private Investigator sounded uncertain.
When Mr. Hart acknowledged that he had no more witnesses, Diana called a lady forward. She asked the lady to identify herself for the court. She cleared her throat. “I’m Jenna Bowman, head of records for Valley Hospital in Las Vegas.”
I glanced at the table across from us. The three men reminded me of a set of See No Evil. Ms. Bowman confirmed that my mother had two weeks of prenatal care there before I was born and that I spent several days in the neonatal unit because of newborn jaundice.
Mr. Hart tried to twist things but Diana called David to the stand and he confirmed that the footprint on my birth certificate was indeed the same one on the bottom of my foot. 
The final blow to their defense came when Diana called Dr. Lester Minke to the stand. He was from Tacoma General Hospital. “I did both the DNA test on Claire Dawson and the one on Erin Dawson. I certify that there is no doubt of genetic relationship.”
Judge Gallagher looked over the stand at my grandfather. “This is definite proof that Erin Dawson was indeed the daughter of your daughter, Claire Dawson. The question that all of this raises is why you would torment your own daughter, to the point of death, over this falsehood.”
Diana glanced back. A man had entered the room and stood by the back doors. He nodded at her. She looked relieved. Diana turned to the judge. “I believe I may have the answer to that.”
The judge looked at a list on her desk. “Is this your late witness?”
“Yes, your honor. It is.”
He came forward and was sworn in. Diana asked him to identify himself. “I’m Detective Gregory Owens of the Los Angeles Police Department.”
Judge Gallagher’s eyebrows went up. “Detective?” She looked back at Diana. “Proceed, please.”
Diana squared her shoulders. “Detective Owens, could you please explain Mr. Harmond’s connection to Mr. Gordon and his missing daughter?”
Mr. Harmond kidnapped Mr. Gordon’s daughter after Claire Dawson refused to give up Erin for adoption and disappeared. Mr. Harmond had already drawn up an adoption contract with Fernando Lopez, a convicted drug lord in Los Angeles. He did attempt to grab Claire and Erin in Las Vegas but Claire left.”
Mr. Gordon looked shocked. Mr. Hart looked confused. My grandfather’s face was unreadable. Diana nodded. “How did Mr. Harmond know about his granddaughter’s birth?”
“Claire had been keeping in contact with her mother, Emma Harmond. She had obviously been sympathetic to her daughter’s situation.”
The judge glanced around the room and nodded. The officers beside the doors moved over to block them. She looked down at my grandfather. “Mr. Harmond, do you realize the statement that has been made against you?”
He looked lost. Mr. Hart cleared his throat and stood up. “My client has no comment at this time.”
Mr. Gordon looked ready to cry. He turned to Mr. Harmond. “Then where is my daughter?”
Detective Owens held up a hand. He looked at the judge. “May I, Your Honor?” She nodded at him. “Mr. Gordon, detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department raided the estate of Fernando Lopez late last night. Your daughter was recovered and she is currently in protective services. I’ll do everything I can to reunite you and your wife with your daughter.”
The room broke into noisy murmurs. The judge banged on her desk with a wooden hammer. “Due to the statement of this detective, I’m calling for the arrest of Mr. John Harmond. Will the day officer please come forward?” My grandfather didn’t even resist. 
David leaned forward and handed Diana a note. She glanced at it and nodded at him. 
After they had taken my grandfather away, the judge looked at Diana. “It seems your case is no longer an issue, councilor.”
“Your honor, there is still an issue concerning the custody of Erin Dawson. It seems there is some new information that has just come to my attention. If we could have a ten minute recess so I can review this new information?”
“Absolutely.” The judge banged the hammer on the desk. “Court will recess for ten minutes.”
Diana led me to a side room. Tony, David, and Captain Pierson all came in as well. Captain Pierson was grinning. Diana sighed. “All right, Nicky, what’s the big surprise?”
Tony came over and hugged me. “Brace yourself for this one, Baby. It’s a shocker!”
David looked back at the captain. “Well, this one is all yours.”
Captain Pierson pulled out a stack of folded documents. “James Dawson is still alive.”
My knees went weak. “Where?”
The captain glanced at his watch. “He should be here in about fifteen minutes.”
Tony was holding me up. He kissed the side of my head. “I told you it was good.”
There was a knock on the door and Detective Owens came in. “I just wanted to thank you guys.” He looked at Tony and David. “You’re Palmer and Kinslow, right?”
Tony grinned. “That would be us.”
There were so many questions still going around in my mind. “I don’t understand why my grandfather did all this? And why did he start eleven years ago?”
“Because that’s when your grandmother died. She loved you and your mother. She had changed her will without her husband’s knowledge to make you the primary beneficiary with your mother as your proxy until you turned eighteen. The month before your grandmother died, John lost a lot of money in a business deal. He borrowed from Lopez, expecting to be able to pay him back from your grandmother’s death benefits. But he couldn’t touch the money. It was yours.”
Tony shook his head. “So he went after Claire, trying to make her crazy, so he could claim her mentally unstable and take over the funds.”
I sagged against Tony. “How did he find us?”
The detective dropped a thick envelope on the table. “Your mom and grandma had been keeping in touch. There are letters and pictures in there that we confiscated from the Harmond household when we raided it yesterday.”
Tony snapped his fingers. “But something must have pushed Lopez into play. He went after Erin himself.”
Detective Owens nodded. “He was tired of Harmond’s games of cat and mouse with Claire. He figured if he had Erin, he could get even more money out of the deal than he was owed. And he needed it.” Owens grinned. “And thanks to you two I had enough to bust him last night as the big drug deal went down.”
There was a knock at the door and a bailiff entered. “Time is up. Please return to the courtroom.”
Diana handed him a document. “Could you please give this to the judge?”
We went back into the courtroom. Max and Susan were still there. Tony went and sat next to them. David and Captain Pierson sat right behind us. The judge came in and called the court back to order. She glanced at the sheet and looked up at Diana. “Seriously?”
“He’s on his way.”
A different person now sat across from us at the desk. The judge looked at him. “Well, Mr. Osten, this may be fast.”
The doors opened behind us and I turned around. A man walked in. The breath caught in my throat. I recognized him from the pictures in my mother’s envelope. Even after seventeen years, my father still looked like the handsome young man my mother had married.
The judge motioned to him. “Mr. Riley, could you please call our late-comer to the party?”
One of the bailiffs came forward and led my father to the front of the courtroom. He paused and looked around. Our eyes met. He gasped. “Claire?”
I shook my head. “Erin.” We gravitated toward each other and I ended up in his embrace.
I have no idea what was going through the minds of anyone else in the courtroom at that moment. I only knew what I was feeling. I was in the arms of my father for the very first time. It felt right. The tears cascaded down my cheeks.
He gently pulled back. His eyes were dripping, too. “You look just like your mom.”
The judge cleared her throat. “Thank you for joining us, Mr. Dawson.” Her voice was thick with emotion. She dabbed at the corner of her eyes. “Well, there is certainly no doubt that this is Erin Dawson’s father.” She stood up and looked at me. “Miss Dawson, you are hereby relinquished from state custody to the custody of your biological father.” She banged the hammer on the desk. “Case closed and court is in recess.”
I turned back to my father. “What happened?”
“That’s a fair question.” He looked around. “Is there anywhere we can go to talk?”
Tony came up. “Mickey says it’s lunchtime and this one needs to eat.”
I grabbed his hand and introduced him. I introduced my dad to everyone, Max, Susan, Diana, David, Gloria, even Captain Pierson.
The captain shook his hand. “We’ve actually spoken on the phone. Tony is right. Lunch is in order. Why don’t we take this party to the diner?”
Tony laughed. “Why not?”
We all left the courthouse. My father looked at the drizzle falling. “I came in a cab. I don’t really know my way around.”
Max smiled. “Not a problem. You and Erin can ride with us.”
We regrouped at the diner. Tony and David spoke to the waitress and she pushed a couple of tables together back in one corner. Detective Owen also joined us. He shook my dad’s hand. “I think I have some papers for you to sign. Since Erin is still a minor, you’ll have to act as proxy for her estate funds.”
My dad looked confused. “I feel like I missed something.” Detective Owens filled him in while everyone ordered. My father looked at me. “Is it okay with you?”
“Of course it is.” I watched him sign the document.
Detective Owens handed me a thick folder. “You can pretty much go to college wherever you want now.”
David grinned. “So how much is she worth?”
“About four billion.”
Everyone sat in stunned silence. Somehow I remembered to breathe. “As in dollars?”
Tony put his arm around me. “I got a feeling that’s what he means.”
The waitress started bringing food. Tony guarded me while I ate. If someone tried to talk to me, he wagged his finger at them. “Wait until she’s done.”
My dad chuckled. “How long have you two been going out?”
David looked horrified. Tony just grinned. “Long enough for me to know her pretty well.”
I leaned on his arm and looked at my dad. “He’s really a sweet guy, honest.”
My dad smiled. “I trust your judgement. Your mom raised you well.”
My throat tightened. “So why didn’t you come back?”
His face fell. “I was MIA in Iraq for almost 6 months. I spent a few more in a base hospital before they finally let me come home for a visit. Harmond had told me that Claire had gone into early labor when she’d been told of my death and that she’d lost the baby and died herself a few days later.”
I was shocked. “He lied to you.” I closed my eyes.
Tony pulled me close. “Hey, remember to breathe.”
My father took my hand. “I’m so sorry, Erin. I made the mistake of believing him. I finished out my term of service and when I got out, my uncle offered me a job in Lake Tahoe. I met a lady there, we fell in love, and got married.”
“Do I have brothers or sisters?”
He grinned. “Three brothers and a sister. She’ll jump for joy when she hears about you.”
We all laughed. I looked around the table at the faces of the people who had become my extended family. “I don’t really want to leave. I know Hamilton has its issues but I’ve kind of gotten used to it.” I looked at Max. “And there’s the dojo.”
My father squeezed my hand. “Maybe we can find a way for you to stay, at least until you graduate. Then I’m hoping you’ll at least come home and visit.”
“You’d let me?”
“If that’s what you want. I’m not sure how I’m going to explain all this to Grace and the kids.”
Max looked at Susan and she nodded. He looked at us. “Erin is welcome to stay with Susan and me. We were actually discussing the possibility of taking her in if she would have stayed in the system.”
My dad spent some time talking to Max about the arrangements. He shook hands with Max. “It sounds like it will be a great opportunity for Erin. And it will give me time to get things smoothed over with the rest of my family.” He hugged me. “Maybe you and Tony can come and visit for Christmas? We help run a small ski chalet in the mountains above Lake Tahoe.”
I looked at Tony. “It’s been a few years since I’ve been on skis.”
He looked surprised. “I haven’t since I was ten. My brother almost dumped me off a ski lift at White Pass. That was it for me.”
My dad grinned at him. “I’m an instructor. I can help you get the snow back under your feet.”
Gloria excused herself. “Sorry, kids. I have a meeting to get to.”
Captain Pierson looked at his watch. “I do, too. Good luck to you, Erin.”
Tony looked at the time. “It wouldn’t do you any good to go to school now. Classes would be over by the time you got there.”
Max stood up. “James, why don’t you and Erin stop by our place so you can see where she will be staying?”
I glanced at Tony. He kissed me. “You go ahead. I’ll see you at the dojo in a while. Davy and I have some paperwork with our names on it.”
My dad and I got the grand tour of Max and Susan’s apartment. I’d have my own room for the first time in my life. He came with us to the dojo. He was fascinated by the different martial arts that I had studied. “Can I sit in and watch your classes?”
“Sure, Dad. I’m just going to go change.”
When I came back, Tony was talking to him. I could tell something was up. He pulled me into a bear hug. “I’m not going to be able to workout tonight and probably not this weekend. I have to help Gloria pack up stuff.”
“Why? Where is she going?”
“She’s been assigned to a school as a teaching assistant to try to crack a drug ring going around the staff. They think it may be connected to one in the student body so I’m being transferred in as her delinquent son. Just my luck. I have to play the bad boy again.”
I hugged him. “I’ll miss you in school.”
He buried his face in my neck. “I can’t come back to Hamilton anyway. Granger kicked me out.”
Max put a hand on his shoulder. “You’re still welcome here.”
Tony looked up and didn’t let me go. “I’m glad to hear that. Thanks, Max. But it will probably just be weekends while I’m working this case. It’s way up in Bellingham.”
“That’s so far away.”
He kissed me. “I know. I wish it wasn’t.” I walked with him toward the door. “When do you have to leave?”
“We have to move into the new apartment on Sunday and I start a new school on Monday.”
My eyes burned. I melted into his chest to hide the tears. “I’ll miss you.”
He pulled my head up and kissed me deeply. “I’ll miss you, too.” His voice was husky. He held me for a long time. “At least I know you’ll be safe here.”
Ryan and Amy came in. Amy came to my side. “What’s wrong?”
I glanced at Tony. “He got kicked out of Hamilton and his mom took a new job up in Bellingham so Tony can only come down on weekends.”
Ryan traded handshakes with Tony. “That’s a bummer. At least you’ll be able to be here for a couple of the Junior Master classes.” They went off to change.
I glanced at the clock. “My students will be here soon.”
“I know and I have to go. Gloria is waiting on me.” We walked outside and stood in the entry. He kissed me one more time. “At least I won’t have to worry about the girls bugging me at my new school.”
“Why is that?”
He grinned. “Because I’ll just tell them that my girlfriend is the Dragon Lady of Hamilton High.”
* ~ * ~ *

About Lady Li Andre
Lady Li lives in the Pacific Northwest. She spends her summers on the coast exploring rocks, trees, and tidepools. Winters are reserved for writing and teaching. She has been writing for over 35 years.
This story was written for Anna, who is facing challenges in her life. We all face challenges. They make us who we are.
If you have enjoyed this book, please share it with others. You may also enjoy other books by Lady Li Andre:
Gold Magic: Eggling (eventually coming to Smashwords but currently available on-line: both in print and e-book)
Other Books at Smashwords:
Eternal Knights: Dark Predator
Eternal Knights: Shadow Dancer
Weaver Wisdom
Writing the Journey
A Place Called Kalaloch

View book trailers on YouTube – search for Lady Li Andre channel

Have a great day! ~ Lady Li Andre
