




 
   

Written and created by
Jason McCammon


Brown-Eyed Dreams LLC. 


Jason McCammon
Copyright 2014 2.1 BrownEyed Dreams LLC.
Smashwords Edition


Published by Brown-Eyed Dreams LLC. 
Chicago IL 60619

Original Copyright  2009 Jason McCammon
Ebook Version 2.1 Copyright 2014
SMASHWORDS ADDITION
Inside artwork by Shawn Alleyene*
*except runes, runes created by Jason McCammon.
Art copyright  2009
 Cover Bomani image by Shawn Alleyne
Cover design by Jason McCammon
Ancient Lands logo by Splash @ Shrapnel Studios
Logo copyright 2009
Other cover art by Jason McCammon
Front cover copyright  2009
Back cover copyright  2009
Back cover design by Jason McCammon
Back cover- mask(family crest) by Shawn Alleyne
Artwork for, “The Adventures of Farra and Bomani,” by James Smith
All artwork owned and copyright  by Brown-Eyed Dreams LLC. 
Senior Editor Barbara Bartel
Editor Melissa Randle El
Edited by Yanna Bille
Edited by Geneva Gibson
Edited by Gina Kim
Proofread by Candece Brickler
Proofread by Patricia Brickler
ISBN 9780984312023 ebook

For ordering information of current and future books please visit:
www.theancientlands.com

http://www.twitter.com/theancientlands

Facebook/theancientlands

-For My Parents, who always do 
      everything within their power to help.



-For everyone who ever tried to teach me
 anything, especially the teachers...

TABLE OF CONTENTS
PROLOGUE
1 THE BOY
2 THE TEST
3 COMPANION
4 BERRIES
5 END OF THE ROAD
6 CRYSTALS, STAFF, AND, POWER
7 RUNES
8 BANDAGES
9 ROUND ONE
10 FIRE AND WATER
11 WHERE BLOOM FLOWERS BLOOM
12 FOLK TALE OF AN ANGRY MOUNTAIN
13 FLOGGIN THE NOGGIN
14 SISTER SISTER
15 SEEKING THE ENEMY
16 PITFALL FIELDS
17 FRIEND OR FOE
18 THE LIONS OF UFALME
19 DIM SUNLIGHT?
20 THE BONE YARD
21 THE SHADOWLIGHT
22 THE TEMPLE OF WANYAMA
23 MIGHTY WINGS
24 GOLDEN WINGS
25 THE ILL POOL
26 THE KITUNUSI
27 BROKEN BONDS
28 FOOTPRINTS OF DESTINY
29 CAGES
30 A FRIEND INDEED
31 ROCKS AND DOORS
32 SHINING IN THE DARK
33 OVER THE HILL
34 GOLDEN CROWN
35 GROWTH




PROLOGUE


Madunia.  Today, on planet Earth, in a language called Swahili, it means world. In many ways, Madunia was a world just like Earth.  The hearts of the people were filled with hopes and dreams, which often carried them through times of despair and chaos.
The known world of Madunia consisted mostly of one large continent and a few small islands off its coast.  To the north were the endless sands; hot, brutal, and only inhabited by a several small groups of people.  Its end has never been reached.  The rest of this large land mass was surrounded by oceans; also assumed to be endless. 
The Madunians knew nothing of the distant places in the galaxy.  As for the stars, to them, those magnificent points of light were the windows through which the gods could look down and observe the world, which they had created.  Madunia. 
This story takes place during a time when much of Madunia was in turmoil, filled with war and destruction.  It started with a man named Montok and continued through his children. After his death, those siblings fought to control all regions of the world and split the lands amongst themselves. 	
Montok’s children were fueled by absolute greed, a need to rule, and an undying hunger to conquer.  They built armies, conquered villages and kingdoms, and sought to destroy the very fabric of humanity.  This resulted in any number of uprisings and resistance. The people tried their best to thwart Montok’s insatiable brood, but the armies of the siblings, the terrible five, were too large, too brutal, and too well equipped for the people to prevail.    
These evil ones took every advantage of the supernatural powers they had at their disposal. They channeled into the energies of the dead and the connection of the power between the laws of nature, the power of the spirit, and the life force.  When it fit their needs, they even twisted the gifts that were handed down from the gods for their own selfish purposes. 
For this story, only one of the siblings, Hatari, needs introduction.  While his sister and his brothers waged war in the northern regions of Madunia, Hatari remained at the region furthest south, often called The Forbidden Expanse.  
At the northern border of the Forbidden Expanse lay the Kingdom of Ufalme.  This was the last of the great Kingdom’s of Madunia that had yet to be conquered; the last that still stood strong.  Hatari had laid claim to Ufalme and the Forbidden Expanse, and it was his job, among his siblings, to rule over those territories.  Unfortunately for him, King Jumbe and his army of warriors had proved to be unconquerable, time and time again.  In fact, Hatari’s dignity had taken so many blows from defeat that he no longer had any humans under his command.  His army consisted entirely of ogres large, strong creatures that were not very intelligent, and thus were easily controlled. 
This story is not about Hatari, actually. The Kingdom of Ufalme raised a boy who would change the fate of an empire and eventually the fate of the known world of Madunia, altogether.  This is a story about that boy, named Bomani. 
	Now, don’t ask how I have come to know about any of the stories of The Ancient Lands, particularly this one.  How I have come to know anything about this planet is quite a story in itself.  Let’s just say that I am a modern day griot, but nowhere near a real griot, in the true sense of the word. 
A real griot of The Ancient Lands would commit all history to memory, and would then tell the story as it was passed down to him from previous griots.  I am more of a historian and archeologist.
To learn and understand a civilization is both my job and my passion.  My only regret is that there are far too many stories in the universe or even in this one simple galaxy, for that matter, to learn them all.  I study them, not only to entertain myself, but also to teach others.  There are always great lessons to be learned. There are millions of stories about millions of things that have happened in a million different places in The Ancient Lands. This is one of them. 


Chapter 1 
The BOY
            family crest

Bomani traveled by foot away from the stronghold of his kingdom, Ufalme.  He headed South through the savanna and toward the mountains that marked the edge of the land that was still considered part of Ufalme.  Once he came to the mountain ridge, he followed them eastward for a while until once again the ridge led him south.  Here, the dry brownish land and grass of the savannah was already begging to show much more vibrant green pants.  The tress and the rest of the plants began showing other bright colors such as pink, purple, and blue.  He knew that he was somewhere near the village of the Animen; a village of sorcerers.  Bomani didn’t care much for sorcery.  To him, the strength of a man lay in his personal skill as a warrior. Not some type of magic aided by the gods.  That was cheating.  
He carried a long spear, a short blade, and a shield that was almost as tall as he was. The shield was painted red with gold edges.  On the front there was a large emblem of his family crest.  Usually, he wore this on his back with his weapons placed inside it.  At any hint of danger, Bomani could easily withdraw his spear from his shield and be ready for anything.
Recently, a lion came into his kingdom, almost killed a small boy, and killed one of the strongest men in the kingdom.  If it weren’t for his brother Mongo, who finally killed the lion, who knows how many people would have died.  
That was inside the walls of the kingdom, where people were supposed to be safe, but now, Bomani was traveling alone.  His only protection from danger was himself.  There were plenty of animals in the savanna that could easily kill a human.
He soon came to a small stream, which rustled its way downhill through the thickets.  The stream was a clear, good spot for him to fish.  Although he also had with him some bread, some dried fruit, and some meat, he much preferred a fresh fish.  
He stood poised; in the middle of it, tracking the movements of the fish as they swam past his legs.  He held his spear, ready to strike.  It would have been much easier if he had simply made himself a crude fishing rod with his spear — using some string, a knife, and a small piece of bait, but Bomani did not want to make things easy for himself.  That was not his style.  He would much rather struggle if it meant improving his physical skills.  
He caught sight of something dark moving in the water in his peripheral vision.  He turned his head quickly and focused on a fish coming his way.  As soon as the fish was in range, he stabbed at it with his spear.
The sound of the spear entering the water was soft compared to Bomani’s gasp of disgust for his miss.  His spear pierced the soft mud on the bed of the stream.  When the water calmed, Bomani stood and peered at his own reflection, and doubted himself.  
He not only doubted his skill at fishing, but also his whole journey altogether. For a moment Bomani was consumed with thoughts of failure.  He feared that he was not yet strong enough for the task ahead, and that he was too young.  He wanted to give up and go home, but that was not his way.  Most people would have given in to their fears of failure and quit. Not Bomani.  It was just this sort of conflict within himself that made him stronger and pushed him forward.  He was going to save an entire kingdom.  It had to be done.  He shook off the useless thoughts that gripped him — devoured them like a snake devourers its prey— and decided to move on.  
Bomani pulled his spear from the water and waited intently.  He held it firmly but loosely enough to allow a fluid connection with his weapon. He waited patiently to catch sight of another fish in the water below, and once again his eyes glimpsed the movement of a fish cutting through the water.  With one swift motion, he thrust his spear towards his prey.  The wounded fish fluttered around as he pulled it off of the spear.  
Bomani admired his work with an overwhelming sense of confidence, and looked at the fish arrogantly, as if it was a lifelong nemesis that he had easily conquered.  After all, he was Bomani, and not to be trifled with.  
“Humph,” Bomani said.  He sheathed his spear back into his shield and he tossed the fish back and forth in his hands and boasted about his technique and skill in spearing the fish, when abruptly he was startled by something swift and shadowy.  Suddenly the fish was gone.  
Bomani grabbed his spear instinctively, and could feel his heart pounding wildly in his chest.  He was ready to take on someone, or something, or be taken.  Either way, he was ready to fight.  To his surprise, when he looked around there was a small blue haired wolf pup.  It stood by the water with Bomani’s fish in its mouth, looking as if it wanted to play. 
Annoyed, but relieved, Bomani let down his guard and exhaled.  The pup looked back at him teasingly.  It wanted Bomani to chase him.  The young wolf turned away, as if to run, and then paused and watched Bomani as it waited for him. 
“Hey, give that back!” Bomani yelled.  He started after the pup and dove toward it, but the animal evasively jumped out of Bomani’s reach and he fell, face down, into the water. 
“You’ll never catch him,” said the voice of a young girl.  She stood about twenty feet away from him.  She was pretty and dressed in a blue hooded cloak that matched the hues of the precocious wolf blue pup that taunted him.  A gold headband across her forehead peeked out from under her hood.  It had a medallion of two wolves howling at the moon.  She held a long staff upright, made of a strange, grayish-blue, twisted wood.  At the top of the stick, a luminous bluish crystal hovered over the tip of the staff, centered within a hook.  
She snickered in a cheerful manner as she spoke to Bomani.  The playful pup amused her, but Bomani was not amused at all.  Her laughter irritated him.  He looked at her with disgust and said, “That was my breakfast.”  He wanted to assure her that this was not a joke, “I spent all morning trying to catch that!”
The young girl seemed unaffected by his tone.  “All morning, huh?” she replied. “I guess that you are no fisherman then, are you?”
He felt a sense of humiliation.  Naturally, he needed to introduce himself to this stranger, and not just by name.  Bomani stood up, stuck out his chest, pulled his shoulders back and proudly exclaimed, “I am Bomani; I am a warrior!” 
 “Wow, what a great warrior. I haven’t seen such a magnificent warrior in all my life.”
Bomani shook off her obvious sarcasm and commanded, “I order you to tell this beast to return my fish.”
“Wow. You’re not going to get anything by ‘ordering’.  Besides, he hates being called a beast.” 
“Well, what do you call him?” Bomani demanded.  
She looked at Bomani intently and carefully explained, “I call him Pupa (Poo-pah), and he’s a wolf.  He’s my wolf.  We share a sacred soul, and soon we will share a sacred union.” 
“Oh, yeah? Look…” Bomani thought for a second. “What’s your name?”
“Farra.”
“Look, Farra, I just want my fish back.”
 “You can ask him,” she said gesturing toward Pupa.   “He’s right there.”  
Bomani asked Pupa sarcastically, “Will you please give me back my fish?”
Still playing, Pupa started to dart off in the other direction, but Farra shook her head at the pup, disapprovingly.  Pupa dropped his head down in submission and obediently walked over to Bomani with the fish.
Bomani snatched the fish from Pupa impatiently and began to walk away to the opposite side of the stream. He could no longer tolerate their taunting attitude, and he looked forward to proceeding on alone.  
Farra took a few steps onto the stream. “So…?”
Bomani stopped for a moment and replied, “So, what?”
“So what are you doing way out here, far from home?”
“How do you know I am far from home?” Bomani answered.
“I don’t, but you’re not an Animan.  It has to be at least a day or two’s walk to any other village.  You’re from the Kingdom aren’t you; from Uflame?”
“Maybe.”
“I bet you are.”
“I’m a warrior.”
“I think we covered that.”
“I’m on a great quest.”
“Really?”  Farra said.  This seemed to impress her. 
“Yes.” 
“Really, really?”
“Yes, yes. What’s the matter with you?”
“Oh, nothing, Nothing at all.  It's all so perfect.  I wasn't going to come out to the river, but then I came to the river anyway, and you were here, and then I met you, and you're going on a quest, and that's just the sort of thing I neeeeeeeeed!”  Farra was so excited that her words ran into each other as she spoke.
“Really?”  said Bomani, raising one brow.  
“Yes,” Farra exclaimed, “Pupa and I need a quest.  Well, not really a quest, but an obstacle to overcome together. This would join us spiritually, making our sacred union complete. Then the spirits will give us our mark, and we will be on our way to reaching our full potential.”  She spoke so fast that it was almost impossible for Bomani to tell one sentence from the next.
“Look, I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“But it is so simple. See I am an Animan  —well an Anifem really, because I’m a girl— and we’re like sorcerers connected to our wolves. We…” 
The sound of her voice changed to a mumble as he rudely placed his hand over her mouth.  For Bomani, she had already been talking way too much.  He had gotten the hint, and he wanted to stop any misconceptions that she had before they went any further.
“First, I know what an Animan is.  Second, you’re not going with me,” he stated firmly.
She mumbled something inaudible beneath his hand, until he took it away.
“Why not?” she asked.
“Again, first of all, I don't know you.  Secondly, you're just a young girl.  Thirdly, your wolf is just a pup.  He won’t be able to keep up with us.  And lastly, I don't need help.”
“Hmmm, I bet you’re not much older than I am,” Farra said as she looked at Bomani.
“A great warrior must travel alone,” Bomani insisted.
“I don’t think you really know anything about this warrior business.  I've heard of a great warrior from your kingdom.  His name is Mongo, have you heard of him?”
Bomani had no idea how to answer her question, but this Farra sure was not winning any points as far as he was concerned.  He put his face in his hand and sighed, and then he was suddenly rescued from answering Farra when an Anifem woman approached them, calling Farra’s name.
She was beautiful and she walked with elegance alongside her equally regal looking wolf.  Its bright yellow fur matched the yellow clothing of her master. The wolf was not leashed, as Animen did not believe in restraints, and it was so big that its head stood well above the woman’s waist.
“Who’s that?” Bomani asked Farra.
“That’s my mother,” said Farra.  “Her name is Anika.”
“See, now that’s the size that a wolf should be,” Bomani said, looking at the large wolf.
“Hey, Pupa’s young and growing, what do you expect?”
“I expect a wolf that could actually do something besides toying with people’s food; one that could protect me.”
“If you’re such a great warrior, then why do you need protecting?”
“I don’t, but at least we could fight together.”
“Farra, who is your friend,” asked her mother as she approached.
“Mother, this is…” 
Before she could finish the introduction, Bomani butted in.  He was surely intent on introducing himself properly. “I am Bomani.  I am a great warrior.”
“Bomani, you say?” she thought for a moment, then bowed her head.  “You mean as in Prince Bomani, son of Jumbe.”
Bomani knew that no one would understand the prince being out alone.  He figured that for now, he should keep that part of himself hidden.  “No ma’am, not the prince.”  
She thought for another moment as if she was trying to understand his meaning.  She gazed around the area, then returned her attention back to him.  “What brings you to our village?”
“I came to the river to fish when that pup stole my food.”
“You mean Pupa?” she asked.  She glared at Pupa and the pup recoiled with a quiver, as if he had done something wrong.
“He gave it back,” Farra shouted in Pupa’s defense.
“You'll have to excuse Pupa; he is young and likes to play. I'm sure he did not mean you any harm.  Why don't you come into the village where we can give you a proper meal?” said Anika.
“Hah!”  Farra laughed at Bomani.  It was a mocking laugh.  “He’s a great warrior, mother, he doesn’t need our help,” she said. 
“Yes ma’am,” Bomani responded.  “A great warrior doesn’t need any help.  I can get my own food, thank you.”  
“Well, I suppose that I cannot force you to eat a good meal, but you are welcome to do so.”  Then she turned to Farra, with a maternal touch straightened out her clothing, and then continued. “This one must come home and eat.  Perhaps, Bomani, should you come this way again, you could bless us with your presence.  You are welcome in our village.”
“I could do that.  I would come now but — well, it’s just that I’m in a hurry, and I must continue on my journey.  I have no time for visits.”
“I understand,” said Anika.  “Good luck to you then.  Come along, Farra.”
“Good bye, Mr. Bomani,” Farra said in an eager voice and a grin from ear to ear.  She waved as they walked off.  
Bomani turned and said nothing.  He simply waved as he walked away.

*     *     *     *     *

Farra walked with her mother toward their village, watching Pupa as he scurried along, stopping to sniff at every rodent and insect that caught his eye.  He was so young and small.  Her connection with him was very young with room for so much growth.  She imagined how their connection would be when he reached the age and size of Laka, her mother’s wolf.  She longed for that connection with Pupa, to be able to smell what Pupa smells and see what Pupa sees.  She could not tear herself from the thought that this journey of Bomani’s would be just the thing she needed to enhance the bond between her soul and Pupa’s. 
“Mother,” she said in a timid voice, “I’d like to go with the boy.”
“He didn’t seem as if he wanted company, wherever he was going,” said Anika.
“Yes, but I think he was just being stubborn.  I don’t think he knows what he needs.”
“You’re probably right.”  Anika agreed.  “But that is his journey; it doesn’t mean that it is yours.”
“Isn’t it the way of our people to help others?  Whatever journey he is on, it can’t be that difficult.  He’s alone.  Besides, I seek to strengthen the bond between Pupa and me.  I look forward to our sacred union,” Farra pleaded.
“Sacred unions are tricky things, Farra.  You are at the age when your body, mind, and soul, long for it.  It’s different with everyone.  It could be something that takes a very long time to achieve.  You have to find your own path, but don’t expect to gain your sacred union too quickly.  A union made too quickly makes for a very hard journey, which could end in possible death.  It is better to take your time through your journey.  It may take a while to achieve your union, but it is the safest way.”  Anika advised her daughter wisely.
“Be it short and hard, or long and easy, I don’t mind, mother.  I’ll take whatever road the gods wish me to take.  It’s just that I feel something inside me telling me to follow the boy.”
“My solemn answer is no.  But if you insist, I will support you should you wish to confront the council with this matter.”
Farra stopped in her tracks, her eyes opened wide with fear. “Me? Speak with the council?”

Chapter 2 
THE TEST


Farra was both afraid and excited; she had never been before the Animen Council.  Sure, she had seen the five old wise ones, three men and two women, walking about the village, moving to and from the hall.  But she had never exchanged anything beyond a greeting with them before now, — and she had certainly never been inside the hall itself!  
The Elders of the council were considered to be the wisest of the village, and they made all of the critical decisions.  The Animen were sorcerers, and sorcery was something that was not easily predictable.  The Council seemed to have a keen sense and understanding of the fundamentals of their magic.  Their methods and knowledge of the world were sometimes not entirely understood.  Even among a people of sorcery, their powers seemed beyond the reach or comprehension of the common Animan or Anifem. 
While most of the people in the village wore clothing that was brightly colored, the Elders of the Council generally kept to wearing tones of brown, gray, black, and white. Walking beside their wolves of matching fur only added to their omniscient effect.
To Farra and the rest of the children, the council members may as well have been gods.  When she was younger, she had heard many tales about the Elders:  “They can move mountains just by thinking about it!  They can hold their breath under water for a week!  If you lie to them, they will know, and then they can melt your brain!”  Of course, as she got older, she concluded that these were all rumors. At least, that is what she hoped. 
Farra and her mother approached the Elders inside the hall.  The dark, clay dome was built with a skeletal system of branches that held the clay in place.  The smallest sound echoed throughout the chamber, especially for those that stood at the center, in this case, Anika and Farra. 
The inner dome sat inside a larger one to allow air to flow inside, and to keep the light out.  The only light inside came from torches scattered along the wall and the subtle glow that emitted from the crystals atop the Elders' staves.  
No one called them by their names. They were always referred to as the 1st, the 2nd, the 3rd, the 4th and the 5th.   It was a pyramid hierarchy.  The 1st led, followed by the second and third who shared equal power, then the fourth and fifth.
Everyone in the room was accompanied by their wolf.  The First wore a black cloak.  His wolf was the largest in the room.  It sat next to him as he sat in his chair.  
Both the Second and Third’s wolves were grey the Forth wore white with a white wolf and the Fifth wore brown, with a brown colored wolf.    Farra looked at Pupa, noticing that he was the smallest wolf in the room.  
As she and her mother addressed the Council of Elders, it sunk deep into Farra’s mind that everything that was about to happen inside the dome was about her.  She took a deep breath to calm herself and waited, nervously scratching at the side of her staff.  She was so focused on simply making it to the center of the room that she did not notice the sound of her own scratches echoing throughout the chamber.   
The Elder’s all turned to look at her fingernails raking against the wood, and so did her mother.
“There is no need to be nervous child,” the Third spoke in a soft female voice.  “The Council is here to help, not harm you.” 
Farra caught herself and stopped scratching.  Now she was even more nervous and embarrassed than before.
“What is this quest that you speak of?” asked the First.  
Farra looked to her mother nervously, but Anika could not speak for her.  Her mother was allowed to be present to vouch for her, but it was Farra’s responsibility to stand up for herself and plead her own cause.  She did not know what to say, so she said nothing until her mother nudged her with an elbow.
“Um…I wish to aid a young warrior on his journey.”
“A journey to where?” 
“He does not speak of his goal.”  Her voice came out a bit more high pitched than usual but she managed to get the words out.
“Doesn’t it seem a bit foolish for you to go on a journey when you have no idea where it leads?”  asked the Second.
“Wise one, a person cannot always know where she is going, or where she will end up.  Mother has always told me that it is the journey that is important; that if the unknown keeps you rooted, then progress can never be made.”
The Fourth seemed impressed by her answer. “Well, your mother has taught you to speak with wisdom.  Since you do not yet possess your full power, do you think that your wisdom will be enough to sustain you on this journey?”
“We – Pupa and I – are nearing the time of our sacred union.  I had hoped that maybe by assisting this boy, the journey would help us to discover ourselves.”
“You hope?”  said the First.  “What if the gods do not grant you sacred union?  What if they don’t approve?”  He looked over to Anika kneeling next to Farra. “You give your consent?” 
“Yes,” Anika answered.  “She is strong and wise for her years, but most of all, I trust her to follow what she feels inside.”
The Elders leaned toward each other and spoke amongst themselves for a moment.  Farra concentrated on listening in, but the sharp mumble of whispers could not be deciphered.  She was able to make out one word, “TEMPLE.” She leaned in closer to hear more, only to have her arm grabbed by her mother.  The shake of Anika’s head told her she would have to wait to hear their response.
“We don’t make this decision lightly child,” said the Second. “We have to wonder, does this have anything to do with your father?”
“My...my...my father?”
“Yes, your father,” said the Fifth. “Do you believe him to be alive?  Perhaps what you really want is to go off searching for him.”
“My father, sir, is gone.  I don’t know if he is alive.  I mean sometimes I hope he is, but... No, I assure you, this is not about my father.”
The First began to speak, “You have come to ask our permission to embark upon a journey.  For this, you must ask yourself.  Come closer.”
Farra looked up at Anika.  She wanted to move, but fear would not let her without her mother’s approval.  Anika’s nod told her that it would be okay.  Then she realized that her mother was staying in place.  Reluctantly, she understood, she had to approach them, the Elders, alone; without the comfort of her mother by her side. “Come on, Pupa,” Farra whispered.  
Anika once again nodded and gestured with her hand for Farra to move forward.  Hesitantly, she approached the First as he moved to the front of his seat and leaned down toward her to get a good look at this child.  His hesitation built a well of anxiety inside of her.  Her heart began to pound so hard she could see her clothing vibrating on her chest..
 “Place your hands on the crystal,” said The First, placing his staff in front of her.  “Look deep within it.  No matter what you see, you must not look away, and you must not take your hands off until I tell you to.  This is a test; if you let go, you fail. If you fail, you cannot go.  Do you understand?”
Farra looked back at her mother for reassurance.  Her mother nodded, urging her to proceed and follow the First’s instructions.
“Go ahead, child,” he said to her.
She took a deep breath as if to swallow a huge chunk of courage out of the air, then she placed her hands on the crystal.  Still, she was reluctant, as if the crystal was hot and she was trying to get used to the heat.  There was no heat.  It was only her fear of the unknown that radiated through her hands.  She had no idea what to expect.  
With the touch of her hand, the crystal began to glow brighter, and then she noticed something moving inside.  Her curiosity beckoned her to concentrate and look deeper into the crystal.  Images moved around inside the luminous gem, changing from one image to another.  “What do you see?” asked the First.
“I see the ocean,” she responded, “I see birds.  I see the land around. There’s me!  I’m on a mountain top.  Oh, and there is Pupa!”  She smiled as the images came.  The images of Pupa sent a peaceful feeling of joy and warmth that charged through her body.  
She focused and looked deeper into the crystal, “There is someone else there, but I don’t know who it is.  The moon, it’s sad.  Oh!  There is sadness all around.  There is the boy, Bomani.  He’s the boy from the stream.  Something is wrong—very, very wrong.”  
Just as the images came, they became less distinctive until she could not clearly make out the shapes with her eyes at all, but somehow her mind and heart understood what was happening.  She could feel and understand them so clearly that her voice began to quiver as she spoke. 
“There is sadness all around.  Pain!  Death! Pupa!”  
She began to pull away, as if the crystal was a brilliant fire too bright to look directly into.  
“What’s happening?”  Farra exclaimed, “No!  Make them stop!  It’s too much!  Please, there is too much sadness!”  
Finally, she could no longer stand it.  She pulled away, let go of the staff, and closed her eyes as her head dropped to the side.  The crystal dimmed to nothing and the Elder’s staff dropped to the floor.  Farra turned her head.  She placed her hands over her eyes, dropped to her knees and wept.
There were murmurs in the room.  The air was thick with disappointment.  The shame she felt paralyzed her and bound her to the floor she knelt upon.  
Anika rushed to her aid and wrapped her arms around her.   “It’s okay,” she whispered into her ear.  
“No mother, it’s not.  I failed.  Did you see?  Did you see the images?”
“We could only see the light,” her mother answered. “What did you see?”
“I’m not sure mother.  Sadness, pain, death.”
“She’s not ready,” said the Second.  
“She cannot go,” said the Third.  
“I’m sorry, mother,” Farra said to Anika, pulling her hands from her face, looking at her through the steady stream of tears that fell. “What was it?”  Farra asked.  “What was all that stuff that I was seeing?  Is that what is going to happen?  Is that the future?”
“Do not be hard on yourself child,” said the First.  “We are not always ready for the things we want.  You have much time to grow.  Never forget what was told to you by the crystal.  Do not think of it as the future.  The future is what we make of it.  The future is shaped by the gift of choice. The crystal showed you what it had to for you to develop strength within yourself, and to aid you in the choices that you must make.  When you are ready, you will know what to do.”

*     *     *     *     *

Morning came and Anika woke with the sun, as usual.  She rubbed Laka’s head, who was still asleep on her floor.  Then she washed her face with water from the large bowl that she kept in her section of the house.  
The house had four rooms in it: one for her, one for Farra, a common area, and one that was used for preparing food.  She prepared a small meal for Farra and was sure to include her favorite, twilka berries.  She had earned it after having the courage to face the Elders the night before. Quite honestly, she was relieved that the Elders denied Farra’s request to go off and aid the boy on his journey.  
Still, she sympathized with Farra.  She understood how important the quest was to her.   It was her mother’s instinct that wanted to keep her home and away from danger.  And it was her mother’s instinct that wanted to help cheer her up now.  
She carried the food across the common area and into Farra’s room.  She managed to hold on to the tray, but her limbs almost went completely limp when she found Farra’s room empty.
Anika placed the food on a small stone table in Farra’s room and ran into her own compartment.  “Laka!” she called her wolf.  “Farra is gone.  Help me find her!”    
Laka rose from her sleep and looked at her mistress intently.  Anika gathered her cloak and staff, and set out to find her daughter.  It was still early, and there were not many people out yet.   She approached a fellow Animan, carrying kindling wood, and stopped him.
“Have you seen Farra?” Anika asked desperately.  
He shook his head and she ran toward a group of nearby children.  They were busy playing with the new pups at the outside kennel, wondering which of the young wolves would be theirs someday. 
“Children!”  she shouted “Have any of you seen Farra?”
“No, ma’am!” 
Anika’s attention turned to Laka, who was focused on Farra’s scent.  Anika’s sacred union with Laka allowed her to smell what Laka smelled.  The two followed the scent until it was clear that Farra had gone beyond the village. 
Anika went back to their village to request an emergency meeting with the Elders.  When she arrived, she found the dome empty.  Personally going to an Elder’s home was a bit unorthodox, but that is exactly what she did.
She arrived at the First’s house and knocked on his door impatiently.
“You may come in Anika,” the First said with his old fragile voice.  She wondered, at first how he knew that it was her, but then she dismissed the thought quickly —Elders often did strange things like that.  But this time it was no magic, or clairvoyance.  He expected that she would be coming. 
“Elder!  I fear that Farra has disobeyed you and run off!”  
The elder chuckled under his breath.  
“Elder, please.   She could be in danger.”
“We already know,” he said.
“You know?  Then you have sent someone after her already?  Why didn’t you wake me?”
“I knew before you even left Council hall last night.” 
“I don’t understand.  Yesterday, you denied her request.  She didn’t pass your test.  She’s not ready,” Anika pleaded.
“We told her what she needed to hear, and she saw what she needed to see.”
“Then she was to go all along?”
“We believe that she was meant to go.”
“Then the Council is not worried?”
He put his hand on her shoulder and smiled.  “The Council is always worried.  It comes with the job.  The question is, should you worry, and the answer is no.  You should pray to the gods for her strength and her safety during the journey.  It will be difficult for her, but we feel this is something that she must do.”
“I’m sorry for the way that I acted.  I will put my trust in you.”
“No, put your trust in her.  Fear not, the moon shines bright on young Farra.”


Chapter 3
 COMPANION


Pupa startled Farra, pulling anxiously at her arm to wake her.  She opened her eyes and felt the ground shaking beneath them; a roaring rumble could be heard all around.  A sudden spark of fear brought her abruptly out of her sleep as she looked up to see Bomani running across the field in the distance.  She had been following close behind him through the night.
 “You’d better run!” he said to her without so much as stopping.  
“What’s happening?”  she yelled after him, jumping to her feet, trying to catch up.
“Early morning hunt,” he yelled back, pointing in the direction from which he came.
She whipped her head around and saw a large herd of gazelles and zebras headed their way. She could not tell how many there were, but she figured it had to be more than a hundred.  He wasn’t even going to warn me, she thought as she gathered Pupa and her things.  
Farra took off running.  The animals quickly gained on them until the children found themselves dangerously amongst all the running legs of the animals.  Farra grabbed Pupa and quickly nestled the bottom half of his body into her pouch. Blinded by dust and the animals themselves, they were only inches from being trampled,
Suddenly, like a champion athlete, Bomani pulled his spear from his shield and thrust it into the ground, vaulting himself onto the back of one of a zebra.  Farra looked up to him desperately and reached out her hand for his help. 
“What about me?” she pleaded.
With a sigh and a roll of his eyes, Bomani extended his hand.  “Jump,” he said,  “and hold on tight.” 
“Are you crazy?  I can’t jump up there!”
“You want help?  Then grab my hand!”
Farra grabbed his hand and held on with all her might as Bomani swung her onto the back of the animal.  Then he grabbed it by the neck and mane to try to control it.  The defiant, untamed animal thrashed and bucked wildly to throw the unwelcome guests.  
Farra frantically clutched onto Bomani as hard as she could to keep from falling off.   “This is not good, not good at all.  Can’t you control this thing?”  Farra asked.
“I’m trying!”  Bomani yelled.  
The beast lost its footing as they came to a ditch and collapsed, tossing Bomani and Farra into it.   Farra tried to stand.  
“Stay down!” Bomani said.  He pulled her back down and covered her protectively.  
“Pupa!” she yelled and grabbed at him to make sure he was okay.   
They lay at the bottom.  Above them, countless legs and feet of the animals above jumped across the ditch. There was a brief pause and then lions passed, jumping over the ditch mightily as they chased their breakfast. 
After a short while, Bomani sat up and poked his head out of the ditch.  “They're gone now,” he said, “You can come out.”
“No thanks.  I think I’ll just lie here for a moment.  I’m still thinking about the fact that we just almost got killed.  What were you thinking about — jumping onto that zebra’s back like that?  We could have died!”
“We? What do you mean we?  I knew what I was doing.  You asked me to help you up and I did.  In fact, I remember telling you back at the stream not to come with me; that it was too dangerous.  And by the way, I knew you were following me the whole time.”
“You knew?”
“Yeah.”
“Then why didn’t you say anything?”
“Because you are not my responsibility, that’s why.”
“You’re just mean.”
“Take it or leave it.”
“What does that mean?”
“What is that?”  Bomani pointed to her face.
“What?”
“That mark on your face.  It wasn’t there before.”
“Oh gosh!” Farra yelled.  She touched the mark on her face gently. “It’s my mark of joining.  It means that our sacred union has begun.  See, Pupa has one too.  You know what that means?”
“Yeah, yeah, your sacred thingy with your dog.”
“He’s a wolf.  And it means much more than that.  It means we are supposed to come with you.  It means that the gods have approved my journey with you.  It means I’m on the right track.  It means….”
“Wait, wait, wait a minute!  Does this mean I’m stuck with you?”
“Don’t be that way.”
“No, I mean it.  Does this mean that you’ve made up your mind about following me around?”
“Yesterday, I went to see the Council and they gave me a test but I failed it because I let go of the crystal and there was a lot of crazy stuff happening in there but I thought I shouldn’t go because they said no but I came anyway and I wasn’t sure but now I am!  Isn’t that great?”  
“Yeah, just wonderful.”
“Don’t worry, if the gods have granted us the mark, it is for a good reason.  It means you will need my help.”
 “I am a warrior from Ufalme.  I don’t need anyone’s help.  But since you’re just going to follow me anyway, you can tag along.  C’mon.”  
He gestured to her with his hand to follow him, and Farra and Pupa trotted behind.  They had only walked for ten minutes before Farra began to drill him with questions.  
Bomani was quiet.  He did not offer conversation or information about where he was going or why, even though he suspected that being kept in the dark was eating Farra up inside.
“Sooooo,” she broke in — an undeniable attempt at drawing something, anything from him.
“So, what?”
“Where are we going?” 
“I am going to find a scepter.”
“You?  But you said I could come.”
Bomani sighed, “Fine.  We are going to find the magical Ifa Scepter of the gods.”
“Hah!  No, really.  Where are we going?”
“Yes, really.  Long ago, we used it to keep relations with the god of harvest. That’s why everything has been drying up.”
“You mean the Ifa Scepter really exists?”
“Yep, and I’m going to get it, bring it back—and save the Kingdom, along with all the lands around it.”
“I have heard stories about it.  They say that soon, our village will be affected by the drought as well.  But, it is said that the Ifa Scepter can only be claimed by someone of royal blood, not just by some random boy.”
“I just found out about it. How would you know anything?”
“My people are sorcerers.  They teach us things that a warrior wouldn’t learn.”
“I’m not some random boy, I am King Jumbe’s son, and someday, I will be King.” 
“Mother was right then; you are Prince Bomani!”
“Yup.”
“You’re kidding?”
“Nope.”
“Son of the King of Ufalme?”
“Yup,” Bomani said with pride.
“How cool. I’m going to tell everyone when I get back. That means Mongo is your Brother!”
“Uh, yeah.” 
“Wow, Mongo’s brother!  
“Well, yeah.”
“And so, where is it supposed to be?”
“The Scepter?”
“Yeah.”
“In the Forbidden Expanse.”
“What?  The Forbidden Expanse?  We aren’t supposed to go into the Forbidden Expanse.  It’s forbidden.”
“That’s where I’m going.”
“Why would your father send you on such a quest alone?”
“He sent me because he knows I’m a great warrior.  He knows that I should be king, “not my brother Mongo.”	
“I don’t know.  One boy, alone, in the Forbidden Expanse, It’s doesn’t sound right.” 
“Hey, you wanna tag along?  Deal with it.”

Chapter 4 
BERRIES





Bomani, Farra and Pupa traveled further south toward the northern border of the Forbidden Expanse.  Such a journey was quite unusual for anyone to make.  Very few people had ventured far enough to bear witness to any part of it, and what was unknown was left to build fear into the speculation.  It was rumored to smell of death.  It was said that the inhabiting creatures were the dreadful kind that would suck the life right out of you – literally.  Not to mention that everyone knew that an evil witch doctor named Hatari dwelled somewhere deep into the territory.
The brush from the savanna flourished less and less. As they walked, Farra did most of the talking and Bomani did most of the ignoring.  He was busy contemplating a scheme to get past the guards' watchtowers that his father had posted along the border of The Forbidden Expanse.  When they finally got near, he instructed Farra to help him gather as many dry leaves and branches as they could, and put them in a large pile. 
“What’s this for?” asked Farra.
“We need to get the attention of the guards.”  Bomani said.  He reached into his pouch and grabbed two fire rocks, and then he paused.  “Hey, can you start a fire with your staff?”
“What do you mean?” asked Farra.
“You know, magic stuff.”
“No, I can’t make fire.  My powers still have to grow.  Even then, I don’t think I will ever be able to make fire.”
“Humph, some sorcerer you are.  I thought maybe you might be of some use.”
“Hey, I helped you make that pile, didn’t I?  Without me, it would have taken you twice as long.”
“I suppose.”  
“Well aren’t those guards from Ufalme?  Why do we need to hide from them?  They are on our side, aren’t they?”
“Yes,” Bomani replied. “But moving into The Forbidden Expanse isn’t normal.  They will want to know what we are doing and why.  It’s just better if we can get by them without them knowing.”
“Let me get this straight,” said Farra.  “You are on a mission to save your kingdom.  You are on this mission alone.  You have to go into the Forbidden Expanse, find the Ifa Scepter, and bring it back.  But no one knows you’re on this mission and you don’t want anyone to know?”
“What are you trying to say?”
“I’m just saying that something seems odd about this.”
“Look.  Like I told you before, you don’t have to come with me.  You shouldn’t even be here.  Either you are coming or you are not.  But the how’s and why’s are not up for discussion.”
“All I’m saying is that it would seem to me that if they were to send someone out alone, they would send your brother Mongo.  He’s bigger, he’s stronger, he’s older, and he probably has more experience with this sort of thing.  So why would they send you and not him?”
Bomani became enraged.  He quickly positioned his face inches from hers, “Don’t you ever say that again.  I am just as good as my brother, if not better.  My kingdom doesn’t need him or anyone else to get the scepter.  I can do it.  Do you understand!”
Farra slowly backed away from him. “Yes.  I think maybe I do understand.”
“Good,” Bomani said and began to strike the rocks together. “So are you staying or going?”
“Staying.”
“Okay, once the fire starts, we will run to the mountain side and wait for the guards to come out and take a look.  The towers use one-to-three torches to communicate levels of suspected danger.  The barracks nearby not only houses soldiers, but also a large stable where we trained our war-rhinos and battle-elephants.  We have another barracks closer to the kingdom.  That’s where I keep my rhino.
As long as only one torch goes up in the towers, concerns are at a low level and neither soldiers at the barracks nor the beasts of war will come into play.  If we create a little smoke on the friendly side of the border, it should not cause too much of a threat.  Do you get it?”
“Yes.”
“Okay, let’s go.”
They ran southeastward toward the foothills of the Edge Mountains, and waited.  The fire grew, and so did the smoke.  The wind was calm, leaving the smoke to clump together, painting the sky with an easily visible trail of black.
Bomani’s scheme worked just as he had planned.  A torch went up in one tower, then all the rest. They waited until they could see the guards climbing down from the tower and running off to investigate. Then, Bomani and Farra hurried along the mountainside as fast as they could.  Bomani kept watching to see if another torch went up or if they were being followed. 
“Hurry!” he said, “Before we are noticed!”  
They ran as fast as their eight feet — (including Pupa’s four) could carry them.  Once out of the view of the guards, they took a moment to catch their breath.  
“Oh my goodness!”  Farra shouted, suddenly.
Bomani was quick to respond. “Are they coming?”
“A twilka tree!”
“A twilka tree?”
“Yes, yes, and its got twilka berries!”
“Farra, you can’t just yell out like that.  I thought something was wrong.”
“Oh, but there is.  I don’t know much about the Forbidden Expanse, but I do know that you won’t find many twilka trees.”
“So?”
“So, we’d better stock up!”  She ran over to the tree.  
Twilka trees were thick with rows of vines twisting around them.  Their branches grew outward and then down, and they bore twilka fruit.  The twilka fruit grew from the trees in bunches and grew in a variation of colors and flavors. Each berry had a different color swirled into it, which moved across the surface when shaken.
Farra grabbed at the berries eagerly, taking handfuls of the stuff, shoving as much as she could into her mouth, with no regard to the juices that spilled from the fruit onto her face and hands.  She closed her eyes, obviously savoring the delicious berries as sensations of fruity, tangy, and sweet shifted across her tongue —she looked to be in twilka heaven.  Bomani stared at her until she opened her eyes.  
“What?” she asked.  Her mouth was still half full.  “You don’t like twilka berries?  I never met a person that didn’t like twilka berries.”
“No, I like them fine.  I just don’t think that I like them as much as you do.   I’ve never seen anyone eat them like that.  You act as if you haven’t eaten in days.”
“Well, I haven’t eaten any since yesterday,” she began, “but it just occurred to me that I might not see another twilka berry for quite some time.  Besides, you’re probably right; no one likes them quite like I do.  Have some.”
Bomani joined her in the twilka berry feast.  He actually thought that it was pretty funny the way Farra dove into the berries.  He had never seen anything like it, but he did not laugh at her.  He wanted to keep his composure and not seem childish.  Far be it from him to act as if he was actually fifteen and laugh a little.  
After they had their fill, Farra stocked some berries in her pouch and they continued on their journey.  They walked an entire day, and nothing even remotely eventful happened. As usual, Farra did most of the talking and Bomani did most of the ignoring.

Chapter 5   
END OF THE ROAD


Bomani perched discreetly behind a large rock, looking at his map and surveyed the area where they had stopped.  He looked at Farra intently, “This must be the place.” 
Farra sat next to Bomani quietly peeking over his shoulder, while Pupa was busy digging into the ground after a small animal he had seen.  The clearing was dismal and isolated.  It was obvious that the “X” on the map represented the strange hut they saw before them. 
The hut lay at the northern end of Forbidden Expanse, south of the large mountainous border of the Edge Mountains. It was separated from the rest of Madunia, and only accessible through the pathway taken by Bomani and Farra to get this far.
There was not much to be said about the hut’s upkeep, but it was surely decorated and adorned.  It was perhaps the most decorated hut Bomani had ever seen, and also probably the worst decorated at that.  It was made of adobe; the clay brick walls were covered in odd trinkets and sparsely decorated with bones.  They could not quite decipher all the species of bone that hung along the worn and weather-beaten hut, but at least one kind was human.  
“It looks so creepy.  You sure it’s in there?” Farra asked.
“Not exactly, but that’s what it says on the map, and I don’t see anything else around here.”
“It’s got bones all over it.  I’m not going in there.”
“So,” he replied, “don’t.”
Bomani looked at her with a smirk and winked.  Then, like an athlete, he hopped over the rock and headed for the hut. 
“Wait!” Farra called to him in the loudest whisper she could manage; her timid eyes peeked at him from over the rock.
Bomani stopped for a second and turned to her. “What?”
Farra did not respond.
“Well, are you coming or not?” Bomani demanded.  
Farra shook her head.
“Suit yourself,” were Bomani’s last words before he proceeded.  He moved cautiously against the side of the hut.  He pulled his spear out, but left his shield mounted on his back and slowly made his way to the door.  He took a moment to look back at Farra, who seemed too terrified to even move.  Even Bomani was a little apprehensive as he reached out to open the door.
Before his hand touched it, the door suddenly flew open!  Bomani jumped back defensively and held his spear.  A decrepit old woman stood before him.  Her cloak was overly decorated in trinkets, feathers, and bone, much like the hut. 
“You have something against knocking?” she asked as she glared into him. “It’s not polite to walk into someone’s house.  Haven’t you any manners?” 
“Huh?” the startled boy replied.
“Prowling, around outside isn’t the way to go about it either.”
“Sorry, Bibi.”  Bomani used a word often used to mean Madame; he had never seen anyone dress in such a way, it caught him off guard.  His uneasy fear of her caused him to be more polite than usual.
“Well,” asked the old woman.
“Well what?” Bomani asked.
“Well, do you want to come in?”
“I think so.  I think I’m supposed to.”
“Supposed to, eh?  Sounds like destiny.  Are you trying to tell me that it is your destiny to come inside my home?”
“Uh, according to this map, yes.  Yes, it is,” Bomani said as he reorganized his thoughts.
“Well then, since you seem to be so sure, come on in.”  She held the door open with a gnarled and knobby hand and waited for him to enter.  Bomani walked past her and went inside the dim hut.  The old woman started to follow him, but then she paused and looked back over her shoulder.
“Well?” she said, calling out to Farra loudly, in a strained and unpleasant yelp, “You’d better come too.  And bring the dog.”  
Farra stood up from behind the rock sheepishly and looked down at Pupa.	
“Wolf,” Farra corrected.
“Woof?” the old woman shouted to Farra as she approached.  “Are you a dog too?”  she asked mockingly.
“Uh, no Bibi.  It’s Pupa here, he’s a wolf, not a dog.”
“I have some news for you little girl, a wolf is a dog.  And since you’re so intent on identity, don’t call me Madame, it’s too formal.  My name is Hagga.”
“Yes, Bi...—I mean, Hagga.”  
“Humph.  Like I said, are you coming in, or not?”
The inside of the hut was more horrid than its exterior, but it seemed to be four times bigger.  In the middle of the main room sat a huge cauldron. The air felt thick and damp, and it carried the oddest smells.  Bomani could not decipher whether the smells were coming from the strange animals she had caged around the room, or from whatever was boiling in the cauldron. 
“I put on a fresh pot in preparation for your arrival,” said Hagga.
“What do you mean, in preparation?  How did you know that we were coming?” asked Farra.  
“I am a shaman, I have been known to know certain things.  I have always known that you would come.  It is in the prophecy.  But, I didn’t know that you would be here today, on this particular day till, oh.... a week ago.  You were right, boy.  It was your destiny to come inside.  You just didn’t know it yet.”
“How could you have known that?  I just found out a couple days ago,” asked a very skeptical Bomani.
“Ah, but they knew,” she said and pointed upward.  She drew a handful of strange rocks from her raggedy garment, and threw them onto the ground.  She gazed upon them for a moment and spoke again.  “Two young ones, they say.  One born of the moon and one born under it.”
The words sounded unpleasant as they fell on Bomani’s ears, because he did not understand them.  He dropped his face in his hands and shook his head.  “That doesn’t make any sense.”
“What is your name, boy?” asked Hagga.
“The prophecies didn’t tell you that?  Don’t you already know what my name is?”
“Don’t trifle with me, boy.  I’m too old for it.”  As she spoke, she grabbed a few glass vials from a rickety shelf, and sprinkled small portions in the bubbling broth that simmered in the large cauldron. 
“His name is Bomani, I am Farra, and this is little Pupa.”
“Yes, and you are an Anifem, aren’t you.  I see your mark is not yet complete. Ah, just begun in fact.  In time, your powers will grow.”  She leaned over and looked at Bomani.  “This one thinks he already has all the power in the world.  There is always room to grow, boy.  Otherwise, what’s the point?”
Bomani was impatient, and he was beginning to feel agitated by all of this conversation.  He had not come this far just to talk, or meet new people.  He wanted the Ifa Scepter. 
“I don’t understand.   Do you have the Ifa Scepter?”  
“No!  What would I do with a thing like that?”  Hagga laughed.  “That kind of power is not intended for one person to possess.” 
“You mean it isn’t here?”
“Why, of course it isn’t here.  Do you think I would be selfish enough to keep something like that to myself?”
“I really don’t know what to think.”
“You should have more faith in Hagga,” Hagga said.
“But aren’t you Hagga?”  Farra interrupted.
“That’s right! I am!”
“Then this map is useless,” said Bomani. “Why did Anu have a useless map?” 
Hagga continued to add ingredients to her stew.  Bomani could not identify what most of the ingredients were, but there were a few items that he could make out.  She added various animal bones, a live nuka, a hairless rodent-like creature whose skin produced a yellow, slimy, film that made it difficult to handle once caught.  It was amazing that Hagga was able to pull the creature from its cage with her twisted fingers.  Bomani turned his nose up, but made no comment.
“Was the map actually given to you?” Hagga asked.
“Hmmm, actually no.  I sort of took it.”
“Wait,” said Farrah.  “You stole the map?”
Bomani looked at her, but did not answer.
“Then who are you to complain — a thief,” said Hagga.  “Or perhaps just a young, troubled boy trying to prove himself to the world.”
“But he said it was the map to the Ifa Scepter.  Whether I took it or not doesn’t change that.  Besides, I am the King’s son.  I am entitled.”
“No one is entitled to steal.  Let me see that map.” She snatched the map from Bomani.  “Ah, I see.  Yes, yes, yes.”
“What is it? What do you see?”  Bomani asked.
“There is nothing wrong with your map, child.”
“I am not a child, I will be King someday.”
“To be so foolish as to speak to Hagga in such a manner, makes you very childish.”  Hagga reprimanded him.  “Besides, this map doesn’t lead you to the Ifa Scepter.”
“What do you mean, it doesn’t lead me to the scepter?   But, Anu — he said…”
“Silence!  This map, impatient one, it is supposed to lead you to me.”
“How does that help us?”  asked Bomani.
“Oh, just let her finish, Bomani,” said Farra.
 Hagga spit into the pot three times, bowed her head before them, and then continued, “Because, boy, I am the map to the scepter you seek.”
Bomani choked back his repulsion and asked, “Then you know where it is?” 
“Yes, I do.  This is not the end of your journey, boy.  This is just the beginning.  To get what you want, you must travel much, much, further than Hagga’s little hut.”
“Aw, further?”  Farra sighed.
“Yes, a lot further.  What makes you children think you are strong enough for such a task?”  Hagga asked.
“Do you think we are strong enough?”  Farra asked.
“Don’t answer questions with questions, child. It’s rude.”
“But I must find it!” Bomani demanded, “I have to find the scepter.”
“What is so special about the Ifa Scepter anyway?” asked Farra.
 “Ah, a history lesson.  Regarding the future and prophecies, you come to Hagga.  For the past, you must ask the Griot.”
“What’s a Griot?”
“A Griot knows all things of the past.  He is a verbal library, the keeper of our ancestry, a historian, and my husband.”
She pointed to what seemed to be a wall. “Hey hubby, wake up!  We have guests.  They want to ask you something.”
 Bomani followed her finger to the wall but saw nothing, and then in the dimness of the poorly lit room amongst the horribly decorated wall, he saw two eyes materialize in a slow and surreal flicker. They were both startled and confused because just as quickly as the eyes materialized, they disappeared.  	Farra grabbed Bomani’s arm.  This time he did not push her away and secretly he was glad to have her nearby.  Then, a distorted image stepped forward and pulled away from the flatness of the wall into the third dimension.  Bomani gasped and then realized that it was an old man.  He had been standing there sleeping the entire time.  Like his wife, he was also very wrinkled and haggard and he had to be more than six feet tall. He towered over everyone else in the room, and like Hagga, he was dressed in clothes that seemed as though he had worn them for a hundred years. 
A sash made of decayed rat femurs draped across his tall, withered frame, and Bomani was flabbergasted.  It took him a moment but after he collected his courage, he walked right up to the Griot and asked, “Are you the Griot?” 
The Griot glared down at Bomani and nodded as he gave an affirmative moan.
“Hi, Mr. Griot.”  Farra greeted him hesitantly.  “Can you tell us of the history of the Ifa Scepter?” 
The Griot’s eyes closed. He began to murmur in a deep, low voice in a foreign tongue that Bomani could not understand.
“What’s he doing?” Farra whispered.  
“Sometimes a Griot cannot simply deliver a piece of history,” said Hagga. “He must go through it from the beginning until he arrives at the moment one is looking for.”
 He began at the beginning of time, when the God Olorun lowered a gold chain from the sky.  He told how Obatala climbed down this chain and proceeded to create the dry land.  He traveled through the creation of man and man’s history, as he knew it, until he arrived finally at the Ifa Scepter, then spoke in a manner in which they could understand.
“Ah,” said the Griot, “Here we are, the Ifa Scepter.” He placed his staff into the cauldron; an image appeared as he spoke:
 Well after the beginnings of creation, yet well before all that you know came to be, the god of harvest, En-Kai, who rules over rain, vegetation, and blessings, took pleasure in providing man with what he needed.  The plentiful land always produced enough to keep their bellies full and the people strong.  The people were grateful and gave praise to En-Kai, and all of the gods that touched their world. 
 Generations passed.  The people began to forget where the good harvest came from; they took the gods for granted and they stopped giving thanks.  The people had completely forgotten that it was En-Kai that made their land so fertile. The angry god decided he would forsake man. He then took his nourishing hands off of Madunia, and the land became infertile.  The people soon begged and pleaded to the gods, but the gods said, "Why should we provide for you when you are so quick to forget us?"  
So a pact was made, and together the gods and man forged the Ifa Scepter.  And from then on, man was required to actively use the scepter to communicate with the god of harvest.  Man later learned that the scepter carried other attributes as well.  He later learned that through the scepter, man could gain power.  It is for this power that men of greed have sought after it, for many would selfishly use it to gain power for themselves.”
In the image of his cauldron the Ifa Scepter sat in a cave in a large, dark clearing, lit by the shimmers of thousands and thousands of small diamonds and other colored jewels embedded in the cavern walls.  Beautifully, they reflected the light of the Ifa Scepter… 


Chapter 6
 
CRYSTALS, STAFFS, AND POWER


Man- 
Man’s continual quest for knowledge and power has always proven to be a temptation, hard to overcome.   When man first discovered crystals and gems, it was only their beauty that enticed him, so he used them for decoration and trade.  Soon, with the rise of magic, man discovered that these same crystals and gems could amplify their power. Thereafter they became the tool of sorcery as well.  
Knowledge of sorcery grew.  Its power was handed down by teachings and bloodlines until new races of man emerged:  shaman, witch doctors, and sorcerers such as the Animen and the Leopard Tribe.  Sorcery was a gift from the gods, usually subject to their rules and approval.  However, men’s thirst for power led them to obtain sorcery by unnatural means, without the gods’ approval. Thus, men became subject to the wrath of the gods, punished by death or cursed.

Staffs-
The knowledge of staff making is only known by a select few.  Yet, all sorcerers may wield one.  Usually forged from a sacred tree, (trees being a conduit —a connection between man’s world and the next) each staff is to be used by only one sorcerer, and it is, therefore, bound to him alone.  Only on very rare occasions has a staff ever allowed itself to be used by another.  Let me stress this point again; only on very, very, rare occasions. 
The bond between a sorcerer and his staff continues throughout the sorcerer’s life, and beyond death.  Even a staff that is given to a young boy newly using his magic will grow as the boy does.  So, this symbiotic relationship between man and his staff is not one to be taken lightly.  Also, there is one other valid point to make about staffs; they cannot be destroyed by any normal means.

Crystals- 
Most crystals or gems will amplify a sorcerer’s power to some degree, but there is always a perfect match for each sorcerer.  One that will do for him what no other can.  And at times it is a combination of crystals that will do the trick.  That is why different sorcerers have with various gems embedded in their staffs. Some use rubies, some use onyx, and others, diamonds perhaps.   

And so, the staff became a combination of crystal and staff; where the crystal could be interchanged, but the staff could not. (Of course, there are always exceptions to every rule.)
 
A witch doctor named Hatari used diamonds.  Witch doctors are not inherently evil.  Hatari, however, had chosen to use his power for his own greed.  Like his brothers and his sister, Nyani, he too was cruel. They all sought to obtain more power.  They wanted to control the Ancient Lands.  They took over most of Madunia, each doing destruction and chaos in his or her own region.   For some time, Hatari had been the laughing stock among his siblings.  He was the only one who had not obtained control over any of the inhabited lands.  King Jott, Jumbe’s grandfather, had managed to keep him at bay, convincing him not to enter his kingdom or go beyond the boundaries of the Forbidden Expanse, located at the southern end of Madunia.  
Hatari knew that getting control of the Ifa Scepter would take its toll on the well-being of the Kingdom of Ufalme, the only kingdom that stood in his way of moving his army north, into the inhabited lands of Madunia.
Hatari chose his time of attack wisely.  He waited until King Jott was on his deathbed, and using the slight confusion of the change of power to his advantage, he posted his troops just out the view of Ufalme’s guards until he heard word of the funeral.  Then he ordered his army to attack.
He knew that he could not win the battle.  Ufalme’s army was far too large and too well trained by Jott’s generals to be beaten by his ogre’s, but there was enough of a distraction for him to sneak himself inside and grab the Ifa Scepter.  King Jumbe’s father, Haki was less of a mystical man than his father, Jott.  And when his time came to rule, he did not pursue the scepter.   Sadly, his reign was short.  In a sickened state, he fell into a deep sleep and never woke up. When Jumbe received the throne, he was young.  He followed in his father’s footsteps, never giving the Ifa Scepter a second thought.
So, the scepter remained with Hatari. Thus he built his army, larger, and stronger, while the prosperity of Ufalme dwindled. Over time, the scepter was making him more powerful than ever before.
He combined the scepter's power with the crystals that he knew would make him stronger —diamonds.  Yet he was not satisfied with the two that he kept in the eyes of his skull and bones staff. Insatiably, he wanted a mountain filled with them.  He would use them and the scepter to reach the height of his power.  He would not leave before his power was at its peak, and yes, this took years.  
He employed ogres to mine the mountains for him and to do most of his bidding.  It was not hard for him to convince the ogre-kind that man was their enemy and that they should obey and work for him.  Man had treated them as outcasts since their race emerged.  He told them that they must rise up and destroy mankind, or man would eventually destroy them. 
It was not difficult to control them, and they did not mind hard work. Unlike men, they were not strong-willed creatures.  They were brutish, unthinking beings with no intelligence for growth or growth of intelligence for that matter.  He never worried that they would ever rise up against him, because they had no ambitions of their own. They wanted a leader, and they wanted to follow.
Hatari walked through one of his mines contentedly.  He had gotten used to the smell of carbon, magma, sulfur and the awful stench from ogres.  He loved the way he felt when inside his mountain, amongst all those diamonds and rubies, and near the Ifa Scepter.  
One day as he watched the progress of his ogres chipping away at the rock inside the mountain, Hatari suddenly felt a strange tingle at the back of his neck.  His head jerked up slightly as if someone had a tiny string attached to the back of his head and had gently pulled it.  For a split second, he envisioned the Ifa Scepter, and he knew instantly that someone was looking for it.  Someone was trying to call upon it.  It was under his control and it had warned him.


Chapter 7  
RUNES


The image of the Ifa Scepter moved with the current of the broth inside Hagga’s cauldron.  They all stood around it, watching the quivering image and listening to the story of the Griot, until Hagga noticed a change in the image. The scepter faded completely and then an image of Hatari appeared.
“Did you think that I wouldn’t find out that you are beckoning the Ifa scepter,” said Hatari.  His face was twisted in a reprimanding smirk.
 “What is it you want, Hatari?  You’re spoiling my soup.”  Hagga said, indifferently.
“Lest you forget, with the scepter under my power it warns me of those that seek it.” 
“Oh, then you do have it.”
“You know I have it, witch!  And you know that I cannot allow you to...  Wait, just wait a minute.  Don’t tell me that you have chosen those two children to retrieve the scepter and restore it to its rightful place.”
“I choose nothing, Hatari.  I follow prophecy.”
“I really don’t know much about prophecy; that’s your department.  Nevertheless, they must be killed.  But, of course, you knew this?  And to think that I was really worried for a moment.” Hatari’s image faded from the cauldron.
Hagga clenched her fist and turned toward the children.  “Don’t worry.  He was just trying to frighten you.”
“He’s done an awfully good job.  Did he say kill us?” asked Farra.
“I don’t care who he is, if he has the Ifa Scepter, I’m going to take it from him,” said Bomani, clenching his spear and moving away from Farra bravely.
“He is Hatari,” said Hagga, “He is one of the children of Montok whose purpose is to control all of Madunia.  He commands and army of ogres numbering in the thousands.  For years, your Kingdom has sat just beyond the Forbidden Expanse, keeping Hatari from moving his army of ogres north.  Hatari has been quiet for some time now.  Perhaps he has been waiting for the right time to strike.  I fear that time may be soon, especially now as the fertility of Ufalme continues to dwindle.  And with the Ifa Scepter under his control, he will have great power.  The task to stop him has fallen upon you.”  Hagga looked at the children intently, and the children sensed the seriousness of the peril they were in.
“Gosh,” said Farra.  “I didn’t realize we would be fighting some powerful wizard, and ogres.  Ogres are hideous.”
“This is the path that you have chosen,” said Hagga.
 “I will retrieve it,” said Bomani.
“You, boy.  The trouble with you, though, is that you have no fear.  At least you pretend not to.  That notion will soon be tested.  There is so much fire in you.  You must learn the difference between courage and stupidity.  You would likely jump into a pit of snakes without thinking, wouldn’t you? 
 “I...” Bomani started.
“Some questions are to be answered out loud, and some are to be answered within.” Hagga interrupted so that she could continue.  “Just remember, that a warrior must be strong in heart and mind first, then in body.  Know when to be cautious, or you won’t live to bask in your own greatness.”
“Hmmm,” he acknowledged her warning. 
Hagga returned to the large ladle that sat in the pot and focused on stirring the soup.  She drew a small serving from the steaming pot and poured it into a bowl.  The children turned their noses up in disgust as they saw small unidentifiable chunks splash into the green slime.  Hagga’s husband, the Griot, stepped forward and reached his hand out to grab for the bowl, but she quickly slapped it away.  
“Manners hubby, we have guests!”
He grunted and stepped back to allow the children to be served first.  
Hagga glared at him and then turned her attention back to the children.  “Now, you have a long journey ahead of you.  You should eat to keep up your strength.”
As she moved the bowl toward them, some of the soup spilled over and splashed onto the floor.  Pupa walked over to it, and sniffed.  With one whiff, he turned up his nose, barked at the spillage, then winced away, whining, as if he had been stricken by something painful.  That was all the warning Farra needed.
“Um, no thanks.  We ate just before we got here.  A big meal.”  Then she elbowed Bomani just enough to invite him in.
“Yeah, big meal.  Huge meal!”  he chimed in.
“See, huge meal,” replied Farra. 
“Still stuffed.”
“Yes, quite stuffed.”
“Eh, suit yourself,” Hagga said and handed the first bowl to her husband, who welcomed the putrid roux. 
“Well, perhaps just some bread for later,” said Farra in a compromise. 
Hagga gave them bread to carry on their journey, and they stored it in their pouches.
“Okay, okay, now for the important matters.”  Hagga walked over to a shabby trunk that sat against a wall, and shuffled inside of the box until she came up with an even smaller box, and then she walked over to them with it.  “Now, to help you on your journey, I will provide you with these six runes.  You must use them wisely for they can only be used once each.  Farra, I give you earth, water and air.  Bomani, for you, that leaves, fire, thought, and space.”
She handed them the runes.  They were all about the same size and fit comfortably in the palms of their hands.  Each one had a different marking on it and was a different color: reddish orange for fire, blue for water, green for earth, grey for wind, white for thought, and black for space. 
“Now, the space rune is the most important,” she said, pointing to Bomani holding the smooth rock.  “No matter where you are, it will bring you back here, do you understand?”
“I think so,” Bomani responded.
“When you are all done, when you have retrieved the Ifa Scepter, only then should you use it, otherwise it means you have given up.”
“Yes, okay, I understand.”
Farra interrupted timidly. “Uh, excuse me, may I ask a question?”
“Yes, child.  Speak.” 
“How do we use them?”
“Well, if I told you that, it would spoil all the fun, wouldn’t it?   Don’t worry.  Stay true to yourself, and it will come to you.  It’s all in the mind.”  Farra and Bomani looked at her with disturbed faces.
Hagga looked over toward the corner of the room and began to whisper as if she had begun a dialogue with an invisible presence. 
“What?  The boy?” Hagga questioned her otherwise undetectable listener. 
Bomani and Farra looked at her cautiously.  
“Hmm, if that is what you want.  You know best.”  Hagga finished.
She grabbed a bundle of black bandages that hung from a bone protruding from the wall, and handed them to Bomani.  
“Here.  Take these, boy.  They are very old.  Warriors have worn them for centuries.  Some, you may have heard of — heroes and legends of old.  You’ll need these for those nasty wounds you have on your arm and leg.”
Bomani looked down at his limbs curiously.  “What wounds?”
“Bomani, it’s a gift, just take them,” Farra said, reaching for the bandages and putting them into her pouch.  “I thank you for them, even if he doesn’t.”
“Now, you two had better get going.  No doubt Hatari has already begun sending ogres this way.”  Hagga walked them out as she continued. “Directly east, there is a river, and by this river, you will find my boat.” She turned and pointed specifically at Farra.  “And you must get to the boat first. Take it and head down stream.  All I can tell you is that you must make it to the other side of the Angry Mountain.”
At the doorway, she stopped them.  “Are you ready?”
“Yes,” answered Bomani.
“Of course you are.  What about you, my young Anifem?”
“Yes, I guess I am.”
.    .    .    .

Not far from Hagga’s hut, to the South, up high in one of the trees, a stocky, hairy, ogre had been lying tranquilly in the branches. He was one of hundreds of ogres that Hatari kept posted throughout the Forbidden Expanse, and like most of the ogres who lived in these camps, he had very little to do with his time, but feed off of the small animals that roamed, and nap leisurely.  
“Ogre.”  A voice called out abruptly.  It startled the beast so much that he fell from the tree.  There were some ogres that Hatari called by name, but this particular one bore no special reference, except that he was located nearest to Hagga’s Hut.  
After recognizing his master’s voice, the ogre reached for a large diamond that hung from a rope around his neck, and raised it so that he could look into it as he spoke.  An image of Hatari projected from the diamond, making the beast a bit nervous.  It was rare that he had to speak to Hatari face to face.
“Yes, Master?”  
“What are you doing?”
“Um, lying around, master, talking to you.”
“Are you near the northern border?”
“Yes, Master.  I am at my post, as always.”
“Good. I want you to head east toward the river.  There are two humans that I want you to capture, children. Bring them to me.”  
“Yes, Master.”
“They will most likely take the river.  That would be the fastest way south, deeper into the Forbidden Expanse.  In fact, there is no need to bring them to me.  Just destroy them!”
“Yes, Master, dem destroyed.”
“And ogre…”
“Yes master?”
“The little girl’s staff, I want it.”
The ogre saluted Hatari.  “Yes, master.  Make dem destroyed.  Bring the staff.  Got it, master.”
Hatari’s image faded from the crystal.  The ogre hurried to his nearby camp and informed the rest of his clan. They all wore a diamond around their necks so that Hatari could keep track of them. He had mastered the art of communicating through his diamonds a long time ago.  For him, it was a simple matter of concentration, but the ogres could not contact him whenever they wished.  They waited for his call —sometimes for hours, sometimes for days, months, and even years.


Chapter 8
BANDAGES


Just as Hagga told them, a boat awaited them at the river.  It was a small, frail, wooden, simple boat and, from the looks of it, Bomani doubted that it would float at all.   He walked toward the boat to untie it from a stake in the ground, but he was stopped suddenly with a thump.  Farra looked at him curiously, and he attempted to take another step, but he was met with an invisible barrier that stopped him.  He could not get within a meter of it.
“What’s wrong?” asked Farra.
“I don’t know, but look.” Bomani reached out toward the boat.  Again it was blocked by an invisible shield. “I can’t get near the thing.”  Where he touched the shield, there was a small white glow right where his hand was.  “See?”
“Wow,” Farra gasped as she reached her hand out to touch it too.  She watched as any contact with her hand created the glow.
“How are we supposed to use the boat if she put a shield on it?”  Bomani tried as hard as he could to push his and through.  The harder he pushed, the brighter the glow at the barrier.  Then he grabbed his spear and tried to jabbed through the barrier which did not work either.
“Hmmm, she said you must get to it first, but she was pointing at me.  Maybe she didn’t mean we, maybe she just meant me.”  She placed her staff on the barrier, and it caused a bright spark.  They reached up their hands to shield themselves from the light. Farra reached out to the boat again, and this time she was able to touch it.  The barrier was gone.  
“See, all it took was a little magic.”  Farra boasted with a cheerful grin.  “She probably keeps a spell on it to keep thieves away.”
“Yeah, probably,” Bomani replied.  He untied the boat from the stake. “Come on, get in.  I’ll push it.  Let’s see if this thing can even float.”
Bomani tossed his weapons and pouch inside, and then Farra and Pupa climbed into the boat.  With a big push from Bomani, the boat slid into the water.  He was up to his waist in the river before he tried to jump in, but when he lifted his leg, he realized that it was stuck.  He tugged and pulled, but something held him firmly. 
It was a river- worm.  Its body resembled that of a turtle, with a hard shell.  Its feet bore claws with three-inch nails that it used to borrow into the sand or mud in the side of the riverbed. Its five-foot long tongue stretched out into the water, just waiting for an unsuspecting meal to get caught as it floated down stream. 
The tongue was as strong as any python of equivalent size.  The underside was equipped with hundreds of tiny hooked teeth serving as anchors once the tongue was wrapped around its prey.  In this case, Bomani was the prey.  
The river-worm yanked Bomani into the shallow water.  Instinctively, he held his breath and part of him wanted to panic.  The other part of him, the warrior part, the part that kept him disciplined and focused, told him that if he panicked he would die. He took no more than a second to gather himself and then went to work on getting this thing off of his leg.  
He managed to get his head above water for a breath of air before he was pulled under again.  He struggled as he fought the strength of the tongue.  It seemed that the more he pulled at it, the more it hurt – Its teeth pulled at every nerve ending under his skin.  Fighting the pain, he managed to get part of it off of him for a moment, and then it once again wrapped its tongue around him.  
Bomani could never have pulled all five feet of the tongue off of him, and with each struggle, the stinging pain increased.  He changed tactics and began pulling at the other end, toward the body of the thing.  Tugging on the tongue, he pulled himself to the side of the riverbed, where the creature had its body anchored in the sand.  He pulled with all of his might until the turtle-like body was dragged out.  Then he stood on the hard shell and yanked harder than ever on the tongue until he had ripped it completely from its body.  The animal let out a shriek of pain and ran off.  
Bomani dragged himself to the side of the river where he began to remove the limp, lifeless tongue off of his leg.  The hundreds of teeth still pierced every nerve.  He could not help but to scream out.
 “Bomani!  Are you okay?”  Farra had just managed to paddle the boat to the side of the river and ran to his aid. 
“Nice of you to show up and help.  Yes, I’m fine.” 
“I was in the boat. What happened to you?”
Bomani picked up the long slug-like tongue lying on the ground.  “I don’t know, but this is part of it.” 
“Eww, pretty nasty.”
“Yeah, the rest of it ran away.”  He stood up only to feel a sharp pain throbbing through his leg.   He tried to ignore it, but when he tried to step forward, the pain only increased.  He fell forward. Farra quickly caught him. 
“I’m fine,” he claimed.
“But your leg, and your arm, look at it, it’s all bloody and nasty and yucky and…” Farra turned away, her attention caught by the sound of Pupa yelping from downstream. The current had pulled the boat back in the water with Pupa still inside. 
“The boat!” Farra yelled. “Pupa!” 
She ran along the riverside, trying to catch up with Pupa and the boat.  Bomani followed as far as he could, in spite of the pain of his injured limbs. When she ran far enough, Farra dove into the water, totally unaware that she had tossed her staff in the process. Without contact from its owner, the crystal that hovered at the top of the staff sank down until it was in contact with the shaft below it.
  Excited to see her, Pupa leaned over the side of the boat as if he was going to jump in. “No Pupa, stay in the boat,” Farra yelled between desperate gasps for breath. 
Farra made it to the boat and hauled herself in.  She only took a moment to relax before she grabbed one of the oars and paddled her way toward Bomani, at the edge of the river. Once there, an exhausted Farra and Bomani pulled the boat onto the shore. 
“I can’t!” Bomani exclaimed.  He was still hurt, but angrier with himself for not being able to deal with the pain.  
Farra continued to pull the boat several feet from the edge of the river before she collapsed.  Finally, they both lay on the ground with heaving chests and muscles that seemed too tired to move.  Farra closed her eyes for a few moments until she realized her staff was missing.
“Oh, my goodness! We have to go back.” Farra yelled.
“What?  Go back? Why?  Look at my leg.” 
“My staff, I threw it down to swim to the boat.”
“It’s your fault the boat got away in the first place! Now you say we have to go back for it?” 
 “I was coming to help YOU!”  Farra reminded him.
“I didn’t need your help, I took care of it on my own.  I didn’t ask you to leave the boat.  You’d think a good sorceress would be careful to keep up with something as important as her staff.”
“Of course you didn’t ask for my help, I wasn’t going to wait for an invitation.  When I see someone in need, I help.  At least that is the way of the Anifem.”
“Fine then, you can fetch it.  But, don’t expect me to go with you.  I’ll wait here by boat.” Farra noticed Bomani still favoring his leg and the nasty wound on it.  
“My goodness,” she said.  She pulled the bandages that Hagga had given them from her pouch.  “I forgot all about these.  Remember, Hagga gave them to us?  She said it was for that nasty wound on your leg, and your arm.  She knew this was going to happen.  Here, use them.”
She did not wait for Bomani to accept the bandages.  By the time she finished her rendition of Hagga’s prophecy, she had already knelt down to dress the wound on his leg with the black bandages that Hagga had given them. 
“I can do it,” Bomani affirmed.  He reached down to take over her work on his leg, but Farra stopped him.  “You’re ridiculous. Are you going to wrap your own arm too, with one hand?  Don’t be silly!  I can see right through you Bomani.  It’s your pride that gets hurt more than anything.  Why don’t you work on that, and I’ll put the bandages on.”
Bomani tightened his face, but said nothing.  He winced in pain as she continued to dress his wound with Hagga’s black bandages, but to his surprise, the pain only lasted for a second.  Very quickly he felt the wound healing.  
It was the most soothing sensation he had ever felt.  The wound on his leg stretched from his ankle to the middle of his thigh, and as Farra wrapped the bandages upward he felt every inch of their healing; like a burn soothed by healing waters.
“Wow,” he said, “Where did she say she got these from?” 
“I don’t know,” Farra replied. “She just said they were old. Now, give your arm.”  She started wrapping his arm, wrapping the binding from his wrist, going around and around in both directions all the way up past his elbow. 
“Does that feel better?”  
Bomani moved his arm around and stood up, putting a little pressure on his leg.  “Yes, it actually does.  A lot better,” he rhythmically jumped from one leg to the other. “You stayed to help me, instead of looking for your staff?”
“I guess I did.”
“Why?”
“It’s a nasty wound.  It needed some attention.”
“All right, we’d better go find your staff then.”
“I thought you weren’t going to help me find it?”  Farra sarcastically reminded him of his earlier declaration.
“I changed my mind, okay?” he said.
“It’s okay,” Farra responded.  She smiled at him, warmly.  “We don’t need to look for it anymore”
“What do you mean?  I thought you needed it?”
“Oh yes, definitely.  We just don’t need to look for it.  It’s already here.”
She walked over to the riverbank as the current was bringing the staff her way.  It floated on the water toward them, as if guided by a magical force.  
“It’s like something my mother told me,” said Farra.
“What’s that?”
“A staff is bound to its owner.  Should they be separated, it will find its way back.”  She reached into the water and grabbed it.  The crystal once again began to hover, coinciding with the reunion between sorcerer and staff.   
“Humph.  It didn’t find its way back.   You just got lucky.  Besides, it’s made of wood, so it floated down stream.”
Farra smiled, “Oh, you wouldn’t understand, but it’s true.”   


Chapter 9
 ROUND ONE


“I really like Ufalme,” said Farra.  The sun was going down.  They had been in the boat a few hours with barely any conversation between them.  Bomani didn’t respond.  He didn’t even look her way.  He keep a sharp eye out, studying everything that he could while they drifted down stream.
 “There are so many great people there. So many different people,” Farra continued.  “Oh, and I love the big garden, the huge one.  There are so many beautiful flowers.  And right in the center is the biggest baobab tree that I have ever seen.  I could just sit there all day.  Of course I haven’t.  There are these really smooth granite benches.  I can’t imagine who made them.  I wanted to sit there, but I didn’t know if people from outside the kingdom were allowed to.  I guess I could have asked someone like one of he guards or something.  Do you know if I would be allowed to sit in the garden?”  Farra did not get a response.  “Bomani?”
“Huh?”  Bomani finally responded.
“Have you been listening to me?”
“A little.”
“A little?  It’s a bit rude to sit there and not listen to me when you know I’m sitting here talking to you.”
“How would I know that you’re talking to me?”
“Who else would I be talking to?”
“I thought you were just talking to be talking.  There could be danger anywhere out here.  I have to keep watch.”
“…Talking to be talking?”
“Well, what did you want to know?”  Bomani asked.
“I was just wondering if I would be allowed to sit in the garden in you kingdom?”
“Which one?”
“How many do you have?”
“We have a few.  But the big garden is the Queen’s garden.  And yes, you can sit there.  Anyone can.  My mother had it made for the people.  Even through the drought.  She keeps it living.”
“We have gardens too in my village, nothing so big.  But the leaves are much bigger, and they can be all sorts of colors.  At the far end of the village, by the mountain, there is a whole wall of nothing but large leaves of different colors.  I think that it is all natural though.  It’s not like it’s and actual garden or anything.  You should come to the Animan village one day.   You can see for yourself.”
“Hey!  What are you doing?”  Bomani snapped suddenly at Pupa while he tried to climb into his lap.
“He’s just being friendly,” said Farra.
“Well, he doesn’t have to.”  Pupa started to lick his hand, seemingly to apologize. “And he doesn’t have to lick me either.  I don’t like being licked by animals.”
“Probably don’t like anything,” Farra mumbled under her voice.  “Pupa, come here.  Let the boy alone.” Pupa slowly walked over to Farra.  “Well, Pupa and I are going to try and get some sleep if that is okay.”
“Yes,” said Bomani.  “It’s fine.”


 
They drifted down river for the remainder of the night.  The journey was seemingly uneventful, but they found it hard to relax.  Bomani unwrapped the bandages on his leg and checked his wounds, impressed by how quickly they were healing.  Then he wrapped them again.
The waxing moon, just days from being full, was covered in cloud, leaving barely a soft glow to light the way. They slept in only spans of an hour or so, awakened from time to time by the many sounds of animals and insects that were unfamiliar to them.  
The animals were watching.  Both curious and afraid of these newcomers to their world, the baboons followed them for a good hour by land and by the thin rows of dry tress that lined the riverbank.  Their eyes glowed red and their heinous calls to one another echoed throughout the dark, until finally they became uninterested.
In the morning, Bomani continued to perfect his fishing technique.  They docked just long enough for them to build a fire and eat, but they did not waste any time lounging around.  Bomani felt that it was necessary to get back on the river as soon as possible.  
Bomani kept watch at the front of the boat, looking back at Farra and Pupa who had finally fallen into a comfortable sleep as the daylight helped to wash away their fears.   He looked around the sides of the boat at few huge dark figures in the water that began to swarm around them.  He was not quite sure if the danger was important enough to wake Farra from her sleep.
Then a sudden spray of water hitting her face accompanied by the sound of rushing air woke her and she sat up.  Bomani put his finger to his lips to quiet her and pointed into the water.
“What is it?”  she asked, startled.
“Hippo-whales,” Bomani said quietly.
A herd of hippo-whales sat almost entirely submerged in the water, only their eyes and their blowholes peeked over the top.  With walrus–like feet, these animals were slow on land, but no doubt swift and agile in the water.  They cautiously glared at the strange boat that passed by them.  
The largest one submerged entirely, and thirty seconds later butted its head against the boat from underneath.  The boat shook violently as Farra and Bomani rocked with it, trying to keep their balance.  
The boat settled, and then once again they were hit.  Bomani caught Farra as she nearly fell over the side.
“This is no good!”  Farra shouted.  “No good at all!  We have to paddle away from here.”
“Sshhh,” Bomani said.  “I know animals. He’s just testing us. We don’t want to provoke any more of them.  I’ll paddle, slowly.   Just try to keep your balance if we get hit again. You don’t want to fall in there, with them!”
Bomani guided the small boat, cautiously and precisely through the herd; tip-toeing through the lion’s den.  It seemed that just when he had them all counted, another would emerge, clearing its blowhole with a violent sound —meant to scare.  The eyes of twenty hippo-whales were locked firmly on them, and Bomani feared that they were just waiting for the slightest reason to all attack at once.  Farra looked on cautiously, rubbing Pupa gently behind his ears to keep him calm.
 After they passed the herd, Farra kept watch, making sure that none of the hippo-whales were following, while Bomani stayed at the bow of the boat, looking ahead attentively for other dangers.  He wanted to be ready for anything that might come their way. 
“We’ve been on this river almost a whole day.  How much further do you think we have to go?”  Farra asked. 
It had become his practice during this journey to ignore her.
“I said, how much further do you think we should go?” Farra repeated. 
“I don’t know,” Bomani replied.  “Hagga wasn’t too specific.”
Another ten minutes of silence passed until Farra spoke again. “So, what does your name mean?” 
“Why?”  he replied.
“I don’t know.  I was just making conversation.”
“Does it really matter?”
“No, but if I had to guess, I’d say it meant, mean little boy.”
“And if I had to guess, yours means, girl who talks too much.”
“Well, if you would speak sometimes, I wouldn’t have to do all the talking.  You just sit there not saying anything, like I’m not even here.  Like you’re alone.  Well, you are not alone, you have company.”
“I told you before, I’m paying attention to where we are going.  Keeping an eye out.”
“Cheerful one.”  
“What?”
“My name, it means cheerful one.”
Bomani rolled his eyes and then refocused ahead.  “It figures.  Why are you so happy all the time anyway?”
“It feels better to be cheerful than to be sad or mad all the time.  If I had my pick, I’d rather be happy.”
“Humph”
“I mean what’s the point of being angry and tough all the time?”
“Warrior.”
“Huh?”
“You asked what my name meant. It means, warrior. My father gave it to me.  He too is a great warrior.”
“My father gave me this trinket around my head.  But I haven’t…
The arrow that missed her by inches pierced into the side of the boat, cutting her sentence short.  She fell back, and screamed.  Bomani looked behind them to see two boats carrying five ogres in each, aggressively pursuing them.  He quickly grabbed his shield and spear.  “Ogres!” he yelled to Farra, “Get down!”
Bomani blocked arrow after arrow with his shield, as he stepped over Farra and Pupa toward the rear of the boat. 
“Row the boat.  Hurry!” he yelled.  
 Farra grabbed the oars and thrust them in position to push through the water as fast as she could.  The ogres’ boats began to close in on them. 
“Faster!” Bomani yelled.  “Paddle faster!”
“I’m paddling as hard as I can!” Farra shouted.
Arrows came at them again and Bomani blocked them, but despite Farra’s efforts, she could not out row the ogres.  The first ogre that tried to board their boat was greeted unfavorably by Bomani’s spear.  The sharp instrument tore into the ogre’s belly with ease.  Bomani pulled it out uncaringly, and pierced the ogre again.  
The defeated beast fell into the river, and to Bomani’s dismay, another ogre immediately replaced him, and charged Bomani, angrily.  They fell to the bottom of the boat with a hard thump and the rickety boat swayed roughly as Bomani used all his strength to move the strong, stocky ogre off of him.  The angry ogre snarled and swiped at Bomani, but Bomani’s shield lay between them.  
As they struggled, two of his runes fell from his pouch.  The runes caught Pupa’s attention, and the cowering pup cautiously picked up one of them with his teeth and took it to Bomani. 
“Pupa, I’m kind of busy right now,” Bomani said.  He smashed his shield into another ogre’s face and sent him into the water.  Pupa took the rune to Farra, who was still at the bow of the boat, paddling as fast as she could.
“What is it Pupa?  I told you to hide in my pouch!”  Pupa dropped the rune next to her, and it immediately caught her attention.  Farra looked back at Bomani and saw that the hideous ogres now outnumbered him in the boat.  She picked up the rune immediately.  “How do we use them?” she said, looking at the rune curiously.
“I don’t know!” Bomani shouted back, “I don’t even know what they do!” 
“Oh, why don’t you just do something,” she said to the water rune as she shook it desperately.
Bomani fought with all of his strength to overcome another ogre, who was doubtlessly stronger than he.  This was unlike anything he had ever experienced.  Wrestling with his brother Mongo or Anan or one of the other boys in his village could not compare with the strength of an ogre. 
“Bomani, I can’t figure out how to use these things,” Farra shouted over her shoulder, still trying to row and examine the rune simultaneously.”
Just then, Bomani noticed the crystal dangling from the ogre’s neck as it twinkled in the light.  “I got this under control,” Bomani said.  He suddenly felt a surge of confidence.
Farra grabbed her staff and hit the ogre in the back of the head as hard as she could.  The stunned ogre tried to get up.  The blow had clearly shocked him, but before he could get his bearings, Bomani kicked him so hard that he fell back into one of the other boats.  The ogres’ boats swerved into each other, giving Bomani and Farra a chance to get away. 
“What, no thanks from you?”  Farra asked.
“I had it under control,” Bomani insisted.  
 “Sure you did,” she said.
“Did you figure out how the runes work?” he asked.
“No, I didn’t.”
“Why would she give us these things?  We don’t even know how to use them.  How are they supposed to help us if we don’t know how to use them?”
“She just said we would know how when we needed them and….” Farra paused for a moment and then she took the water rune and tossed it into the water far ahead of them.
“What did you do that for?”  Bomani asked.
“I don’t know,” she replied.  “I really didn’t think about it.”
A flash of light could be seen under the water where the rune fell, and then it disappeared.  They looked at each other with disappointment.
“That was it?  That’s all it does?” asked Bomani.  Suddenly an arrow tore through the air, passing closely by.  
“Get down!” he exclaimed.
They quickly lay down in the boat, and Farra instinctively scooped Pupa close.  Bomani held Farra and Pupa close to him and put his shield over them for protection.  Farra looked up, peeking from beneath the shield, and immediately noticed that the current was getting stronger and that the river ahead of them began to twist and turn.  
“Bomani!” 
“Keep your head down!” Bomani instructed her. 
“But, Bomani, there’s a whirlpool up ahead,” Farra yelled over the sound of the noisy rapids that moved nearby.  Suddenly the water stirred them into a full-fledged whirlpool.  They both grabbed an oar and desperately tried to turn the boat away from the powerful current that pulled them closer to the forceful vortex.  
“If we can manage to stay clear of its pull, maybe the ogres will fall into it,” Bomani said, fighting against the water with his oar.  
The ogres took up oars at the site of the whirlpool.  At first they panicked and toppled over one another in their boats, too clumsily to manage it; but they quickly fell into sync, and barely guided their boats away before the current over took them.  
Bomani and Farra, however, did not have the strength to steer their boat clear of the angry waters.  They looked at the whirlpool desperately.  It looked fierce and hungry.  As the current of the whirlpool picked up speed, they realized that there was no way to escape its grasp. 
Not seeing any way to avoid the whirlpool, Bomani began to worry.  He looked at Farra, who had a deep apologetic look on her face.
“I’m sorry!” she said.  I don’t know why I did that.  It was like it wanted me too.”
Bomani grimaced.  
The whirlpool showed no sign of slowing down, and in spite of their efforts, they could not change their direction, or change their fate.  And so the three of them, Bomani, Farra, and Pupa, along with the boat, were swallowed by the center of the whirlpool, and they all disappeared beneath the water.

*     *     *     *
Once the whirlpool had its meal, it seemed to be satisfied, for the water stopped spinning, and in one quick instance it was as calm as before.  
The bewildered ogres drifted over to the spot where the water had taken the children, and they looked about in confusion.  
“What happened to dem?”  asked an ogre.
“Dunno,” replied another.  “Me think them drowning.”
“Look and see,” commanded the first ogre.  He pointed a stubby finger caked with mud and hair toward the water.
The second ogre reached down into the water, and he wriggled his thick, dirty, fingers inside. “Hey children, you drowning down dere?”
A fish swam by and took notice of what looked to it like a lovely meal moving about in the water and bit down on the ogre’s finger. 
“Owww!” the ogre yelled.  He yanked his hand back and rocked himself back and forth in the boat, soothing his fingers in his mouth.  
“Fine then, you stay drownded!”  He turned to another ogre, and complained.  “See what happen when me try to be nice and help?”  	
“That why me always true to self,” the other responded.  The second ogre nodded and agreed, and he nursed his finger like a simpleton, as the baffled ogres drifted away. 

Chapter 10
 FIRE AND WATER

                     

It was dark. Extremely dark.  Very dark.  Pitch-black dark.  They sped through that darkness along an underground river, their boat totally submissive to the will of the tunnel and where it wanted to take them.  The river twisted and turned through the belly of the cavern, carrying them swiftly through this obscurity at full speed.  Farra held on to Bomani tightly, and Pupa nestled into the crook of Farra’s arm, while Bomani held on to the boat securely with every turn as the obedient boat rode the stream.  Right then, though he would not admit it, Bomani was glad that Farra had come along. 
The pace of the current began to slow down.  Gradually the darkness began to give way to a faint red glow at the end of the tunnel, making it barely possible to see looming silhouettes of the shapes around them.  The light slowly spread along the walls of the cave revealing the deep, knotted roots, which hung overhead from the trees above land and outlined the cavern walls like huge spiders.  
The end of the tunnel was defined by a bright red glow.  What the red glow was remained unknown, though the prospect of reaching some form of illumination seemed more appealing than the eerie darkness that had enveloped them before.  As the water pushed them closer to the light ahead, its red glow became larger and larger until they found themselves airborne in a large fiery-red chamber.  In an instant, they hit the ground and the old, rickety boat smashed to pieces.
The air was thick and stifling.  The children found themselves panting to catch their breath.  It was terribly hot inside.  The children could see swells of heat waving from the surfaces of the large rocks that lined the room.
“Are you okay?”  Bomani asked Farra.
“Yes.”  She said.  She looked worried.  “Where’s Pupa?”
Beyond the enormous rock they stood upon, that bulged from the wall of the cavern like a fantastic slab of flooring, there lay a sea of molten rock.  Huge blocks of rock poked out of the smoldering sea of hot magma, creating haphazard stepping-stones in plateaus and peaks.  
Farra looked around intently for Pupa and then she suddenly stopped.  She heard a faint whimpering, just barely, through the sound of the boiling magma.  She followed the plaintive cry to the edge of the rock upon which they stood and peeked over.  Her heart dropped the instant she saw him.  
Pupa hung desperately from the ledge below.  He clawed frantically into the surface of rock trying his best to gain traction to lift the lower half of his small body.  Farra gasped.  She reached down as far as she could, but she could not reach him.
“Here, take my hand,” Bomani said.  
Farra took Bomani’s hand and leaned over, but they were still too high to reach him.
“Okay, I’m going to lie down and reach as far as I can.  You hold my ankles,” she commanded Bomani.
“It’s not going to work,” Bomani said.  “He’s too far down.”
“Bomani, we’ve got to try!”
Bomani held on to her firmly as she leaned the upper half of her body over the edge.  She reached down, but she still could not reach little Pupa.  He struggled not to fall.  The steam and hot magma below made the heat unbearable.  Perspiration coated them completely, making their hands slippery and clumsy.  Farra reached desperately for Pupa as far as she could while Bomani strained to stay balanced against the pull of her weight.  
Suddenly Farra’s shoulder bag gave way and slipped down her arm.  She caught it just as the strap was about to pass her wrist and fall through her hand. It dangled from her hand in the thick air, and then it came to her.  
“Bomani, you have to lower me just a little bit more.”
“I can’t.  We’ll fall in,” Bomani said.
“You’ve got to try!”
Bomani managed to lower her a few inches more.  She could feel his sweating hands begin to slide and loose grip. Farra swung her pouch behind Pupa, and when she believed that it was beneath him securely, she yelled, “Let go Pupa!”
Pupa dropped to the pouch, and gripped his teeth down to hold on.  Farra hoisted him up, immediately wrapping her arms around him.
 “I thought I had lost you.  I don’t know what I would do if I had,” she cried to Pupa.
Pupa barked at Bomani once and panted gratefully as Farra fussed over him.
They walked back toward the tunnel where cool water spilled into the molten sea below.  Bomani looked over at Farra.  Her eyes were closed now, and she heaved with effort, trying to take in enough air to strengthen her.   A glimmer of light moved across the mark on her face, and he stared at her in amazement.  
“Uh, your mark got bigger,” he said to her as she stirred and righted Pupa in her arms.  She touched her cheek gently.
“Yes, I felt it.”  She replied.  She held Pupa up to her face and looked into his eyes, and Pupa licked her cheek, affectionately.   Pupa’s mark had grown as well.
“Our marks,” she said to Bomani, still looking at Pupa dreamily.
“Marks or no marks, it’s hot,” Bomani said. “Do you have any ideas on how to get out of here?”
“I’d guess we’re inside of a volcano or something.  There is a hole at the top.  Seems like a long way up, and a short way down.  It’s so hot.  This is not good. Not good at all!” Farra said.
Looking up through the volcano opening, they could see the sky.  It seemed as if it would take days to climb it; however, days they did not have.  The heat inside was unbearable, and below them, the boiling magma stirred violently.  The lava seemed to breathe as it slowly rose up and turned into itself, like an awakening monster.	
“We’ll never make it out of here,” Farra cried.  They both looked up at the mouth of the volcano.  “It’s too high.  I don’t think we can last in this heat much longer,”
“Hey, we made it in, and we’ll make it out,” said Bomani trying to feed some determination into her with the will of his eyes. “Never give up without a fight.  Come on.”
They jumped down to the rock below them then further down, following a path that brought them even closer to the hot liquid below. 
The pressure inside built up and gave way to geysers of hot lava that shot up from the boiling pool of magma like a sun flare in mild and violent spurts.   Bomani and Farra were watchful and headed toward a rock formation that made a narrow crossway ahead.  “We’ll never get across that!” Farra said sounding terrified.
“It’s the only way, Farra.  We’ve got to do it,” he said. 
The crossway was formed from thin rock which barely looked as if could hold their weight.  There was nothing hold on to.  One careless step or a collapsed rock could be the end for one or all of them. 
They took the crossway cautiously.  They were exhausted from the heat and every step seemed to take an immense effort.  As they walked, Bomani suddenly fell down.  
Farra gasped, “Are you okay?” she asked.  
“Yes, I just felt a little dizzy for a second.”
“It’s so hot in here.  What are we going to do?  I can barely breathe.”
“We have to keep moving,” Bomani said.  She was right.  The heat was so unbearable that he was heaving for air.  
Suddenly a burst of magma from below splattered upon the walkway ahead.  The weight of the molten rock cracked the narrow pathway and it crumpled, leaving them separated from the other side.
“I don’t think it can get much worse than this.”  Farra said.  “Back the other way,” she suggested.
They turned around to go back when another burst of magma crashed upon the narrow pathway in front of them again. Suddenly their platform had no support and fell, smashing into the hot liquid rock below. They balanced, floating on a slab of rock that was no more than ten feet across.
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say this volcano had it in for us.”  Bomani said.
“Oh Bomani, this is no time for jokes!”  
“I’m not joking.”
“I changed my mind, this is much, much worse,” said Farra.
“Even worse than that, I think we are sinking,” said Bomani.
They balanced themselves on the shaky rock as it wobbled back and forth, trading buoyancy for the weight of the kids.  The edges dipped into the liquid, and the smoldering matter melted their raft, bit by bit.  They backed into each other, both trying to stand as close to the center as possible.  As Bomani stated, it did seem that this volcano had it in for them.  Farra grabbed Bomani’s hand.
“Bomani, I’m getting really tired, and dizzy.  Getting hard for me to stand up,” Farra said, fighting the sensation to lie down and rest.
“I feel it too.  Try to fight it.  I need your help to balance this thing, but we won’t make it, unless we get out of here, quickly.  Do you have any ideas?” he asked, hoping that she could not sense his fear.
“In the water — when we were back in the water, we used the water rune.  Maybe lava is fire, and if so, then...”
“Then that means we use the fire rune.  It's worth a try,” Bomani interrupted.  
He pulled out the fire rune, and then took a deep breath.  Farra grabbed him for a second.  “Wait a minute, when we used the water rune, it made a whirlpool, we went into the water, I got all wet.”
“So?” replied Bomani.
“So, I don’t think…” She took a moment to catch her breath then continued.  “I don’t think we’d survive—going into the lava.”
“You have any other ideas?”  Bomani replied, trying to shake off the effects of the intense heat.
“No,” said Farra.
“Neither do I.”
Farra looked at him earnestly, “Well, whatever you’re going to do, do it quickly,” she said. She clutched Bomani frantically, but he was not immune to the heat either.  
He knelt to the ground and breathed in heavily, trying to get enough air into his lungs with each breath.  He too was on the brink of passing out.
The boiling lava ate away ever more quickly at the rock upon which they stood.  Bomani dropped the fire rune into the magma below, and for a second nothing happened.  Suddenly they heard a loud rumble and the whole volcano shook.  A spurt of magma erupted directly under the slab of rock they stood on, pushing them upward.  They rose swiftly.  Had they the energy to scream, they would have, but the heat had drained them.
They rose higher and higher.   Bomani watched in amazement as the burst of lava pushed them quickly toward the volcano’s opening.  It would have taken them days to climb to the top, but within seconds the volcano’s hot belly burped them out.


Chapter 11
 WHERE BLOOM FLOWERS 
BLOOM

When Bomani awoke, he found himself lying on the ground and squinting from the sharp pain caused by the sunlight as it entering his eyes.  It warmed his face.  He was sweating, but his legs and his back were cold, not just cold but they were freezing.  Sitting up amplified this headache.
He held his head and one thought entered his brain, it’s freezing.  He looked down and was surprised that he was sitting in snow.  All round him, he could see it on the peak of the mountaintop where he sat.   They were high enough for the thin air to be cold.   He looked over and saw Farra lying motionless in the snow.
“Hey,” he said to her as he nudged her. “Farra, are you all right?”
Farra moaned lightly as she awoke.  She looked up to see Bomani kneeling over her. 
“What happened?”  she asked.
“The last thing I remember was flying through the top of the volcano.  We must have hit the ground pretty hard,” Bomani said.
“Where’s Pupa?  Pupa.  Pupa!  Where are you?”
Pupa’s head popped out of a mound of snow and he dashed forward and jumped onto Farra.  He licked her joyously while she giggled with relief, happy to see that her companion was all right.  
“Hey, what’s that?”  
“What’s what?”  Farra asked.
“I don’t know.  I saw something moving in the snow — something small, just under the surface. 
They were all curious, and looked on intently, especially Pupa.  Something mysterious poked through the snow, and it grew.   Pupa’s curiosity brought him closer.
“Pupa, be careful!”  Farra shouted.  
The young wolf’s instincts persuaded him to move closer.  As they watched, the strange green thing grew a bit taller and began to sprout petals, right before their eyes.  Pupa jumped back.  The petals were thin, pear shaped and multicolored.  Each petal revealed an array of colors, displaying an entire rainbow. Each rainbow moved and twirled fluidly upon its petal.
“It’s so beautiful", Farra exclaimed.  She moved closer to the fascinating plant and then they heard a strange voice. 
“Must be careful.” 
They turned around to see a small creature behind them digging up from under the snow.  When it stood up, it was about two feet tall.  It was hunched over a bit, and its limbs were bent at the knees and elbows like a little monkey.  Its skin was gray with a brownish hue, and it had patches of long fur near its elbows and its calves.  It wore pieces of jewelry that hung from its tiny frame awkwardly.  The small creature had three fingers and a thumb on each hand, and two toes on each foot with more rings, bracelets, and toe rings with jewels in them.  
“What?” Bomani asked.
“Must be careful,” the thing repeated.
“Who — No, what are you?” Bomani asked.
“It’s a tree imp,” said Farra.  
“Yes, tree imp.  Me, Zerggie,” the imp introduced himself.  Zerggie hopped around on all four limbs, then he jumped on Farra’s lap and quickly climbed up to her shoulder, before she could stop him.  
“Hey!” she said.  She twisted around and tried to reach him as he skittered across her shoulders and smelled her hair and clothing. 
“Hey, you’re cute,” Farra laughed.
“I wouldn’t say cute,” Bomani insisted.  He turned up his nose and looked at the troll-like creature, disapprovingly.
“What are you doing?”  Farra laughed.
Zerggie climbed to the other side of Farra and ran back across her shoulders.  He scurried down to her bag and began to burglarize it.  He picked out a twilka berry and helped himself to that as well, nibbling with his small teeth.  Farra glanced down at him.
“Hello, Zerggie, I am Farra.  You like twilka berries, I see.”  Zerggie tossed the rest of the bunch into his mouth and then jumped down.
“Hey!”  Farra reached in her bag, and pulled out a few bare stems.  “You ate all of them!” 
Before Bomani could stop him, Zerggie climbed up his leg and burrowed into Bomani’s sac.
“Hey!”  Bomani exclaimed.  The little thing was beginning to annoy him.
Zerggie fumbled through Bomani’s belongings and pulled out a rune.  “What this?”
“What are you doing? It’s a rune, give it back,” Bomani commanded.
“What it do?”  The curious imp asked.
“It’s magical.  Give it back!”  Bomani insisted.
“Like magic.  Make it do magic,” Zerggie requested.
Now, completely frustrated, Bomani grabbed Zerggie by the neck and began to shake him.  He threatened to hit him and demanded that he returned the rune.
“Don’t hurt him!”  Farra cried.  She got up quickly so that she could help the little creature.
“Don’t hurt him?  He ate all of your berries, and now he’s got my rune!”  Bomani glared at the imp angrily.  He let out a sigh, and then lightened his grip on the wiry imp.  “I won’t hurt him if he gives me the rune back.”
Zerggie slowly handed him the rune and Bomani sat him down.  Zerggie seemed to sense Farra’s compassion and scurried up to her arms, where she cradled him like a baby.  Bomani stepped toward them, and Zerggie swiped at him with his thin long fingers as if to ward Bomani off.  
“Aw,” Farra cooed at the imp.  “Look at the little guy.  You’ve frightened him.  Did you have to be so mean?  Everybody likes twilka berries.”
“Mean?  He was stealing from us,” Bomani pleaded.
“He wasn’t going to keep it.  He was just curious.”
“How do you know that? Where do you think he got all that jewelry?”
Farra continued to coddle Zerggie, despite Bomani’s apparent disapproval.  “You weren’t going to steal it, were you?” 
Zerggie looked into her eyes innocently and shook his head.  “Me no steal.”
“See!”  Farra confirmed to Bomani.  “I told you.”
“I doubt that,” Bomani disagreed.
She sat the imp down and soothed him, “There you go.  That big, bad Bomani won’t bother you anymore.  Tell us, do you know what those flowers are?”  
“Bloom,” Zerggie said.
“You mean they bloom?” Farra asked.
“They are bloom,” Zerggie corrected her.  “Bloom flowers.”  His mouth and hands were wet from the juice of the fruit and he cleaned his wrinkled little fingers with his tongue, like an animal, giving Bomani very little regard now that he had Farra’s loyalty.
“That’s a silly name for a flower.  That’s like calling a tree a growing tree,” said Bomani.
“Silly maybe, but they are bloom flower.  Growing tree on other mountain,” Zerggie replied.  He pointed in the direction of a mountain in the distance. 
Bomani sighed.  At first he thought that Zerggie was mocking him, but then he realized that the imp was serious, and that apparently there really was a tree called growing tree growing somewhere on the mountains toward the horizon.  Bomani finally accepted Zerggie’s odd name for the curious plant called the bloom flower.  
Suddenly, more of the intriguing plants began spouting.  Their fluid petals were so attractive that Farra could not resist the desire to pick one. 
“Bloom flower, huh?”  she said as she reached out to pick one, but Zerggie jumped in front of her.
“No pick flowers!”  he exclaimed.
“Oh, I see,” said Bomani, “It’s fine for you to help yourself to our belongings, but we can’t touch your flowers?”
“No look at bloom flower too long either.”  Zerggie insisted.
“That’s okay,” said Farra.  We are not even here for the flowers, even though they are beautiful.  We are looking for the Angry Mountain, do you know where it is?”  
Zerggie began jumping up and down, excitedly.  “This Angry Mountain!”
“Really?  I thought this was a volcano.”
“This is volcano.  This volcano, Angry Mountain.”
“Is that why they call it Angry Mountain? Because it’s a volcano?”
“No.”
“Then why do they call it Angry Mountain?” Farra asked.
Bomani was not paying attention to Farra and the imp anymore.  He stood where the first bloom flowers grew, and his eyes followed the vibrant plants as if he was in a trance.   He stood in awe of them, and the stirring colors of the petals beckoned him closer.  Soon it was impossible for him to resist and he moved mechanically toward the dazzling plant as if something beyond his control was pulling him toward them.  He had to have one.
“Maybe I should pick some — take some home to mother,” he murmured.  “She loves flowers.  She has a garden.”
Zerggie jumped around erratically now, and pointed at Bomani.  “That why they call it Angry Mountain!


Chapter 12
 FOLK TALE OF AN ANGRY 
MOUNTAIN


Some six hundred years ago, well before the Forbidden Expanse had gotten its name, a man named Tumba lived nearby the Green Mountian; which later became the Angry Mountain.  Tumba was a brilliant man, educated in art, war, weaponry and engineering.  As the men of the world began to make better and more destructive weapons, he began to build better houses, fortresses, and walls, to keep them out.  He was good at what he did, building.  Noone in the Madunia could match his skill.
A sorceress, by the name of Byo, learned of his skill, and needed his assistance.
“I have many enemies,” she explained to him. “This is a dangerous world that we live in, and there will always be those who wish to take my power.”
“What is it that you need from me?” Tumba asked.
“My fortress is strong, but I wish for it to be stronger.  I want you to build me a wall around it so that should my enemies come, they will fail.  If you do this for me, you will never go hungry, and you will never be poor.”
Tumba had no family and spent his life traveling from village to village.  He figured he had nothing to lose and accepted the offer of the sorceress.  
He began planning the wall, and lived inside her fortress for his stay.  Tumba’s skill was so great, that it got the attention of the god Shango.  Shango was the god of lighting and war.  He wielded a mighty hammer so powerful that when he used it for battle, it caused the thunder and lightning in the sky.  Shango told Tumba that he was so impressed by his work, that he could use one of his godly hammers for his craft whenever he needed.  When it became time, he asked the god Shango for his hammer and used it to begin building the wall.
Soon he came to meet a young maiden, Tuana (Too-wana), who was also Byo’s cousin.   Tuana was beautiful and in no time she and Tumba found themselves spending every free moment together.  After a while, Tuana became distant. 
“I have been terribly hurt in the past,” she said, “by men who have only wanted me for my beauty, and never really loved me.  So I must ask you, do you love me?”
“Yes, I do.” Tumba desperately answered.  “I am yours forever and will prove it to you if need be by any means.”
So, she set him to a task.  
“Three days walk from here,” she said, “there is a field with only one tree.  The tree is large and cannot be missed.  Its leaves are small, but its flowers are large and blue.  When the wind blows, the flowers scatter all around, so when you begin to see them on the ground, you will know that you are close.  The tree’s trunk is large and a hole at its base will lead you inside.  Go into it and follow it down under the ground.  The tunnel is tight, and long, but if you keep your wits, you can make it through.  It will lead you to a cave that sits under a nearby pond.  The cave’s ceiling is made of crystal. It is hard to see what is on the other side, none the less, when the sun shines through the pond, that light will reach the cave below.” 
She sat next to him, and took his hand.  “My love, in this cave is a flower that only blooms with the energy of the sun.  It is called a Bloom Flower.  Every night, after the sun has finished its journey across the sky, its petals close, and the stem of the flower recedes back into the soil.  The task I ask of you is to bring me one of these flowers alive and well.  If you do, I will be yours forever.”
Without hesitation, he agreed.  He first told his employer, Byo, that he would be leaving for a week or so, and then he set out, with the wall unfinished.
The journey was not too hard for him.  He walked for days until he saw the blue petals, and followed them to the tree.  He found the hole and went inside.  He slowly made his way down the dark tunnel where he squeezed through the moist soil, and into the cave.  
He wondered how she had known of this place, and of the flower that grew here.  Had she, herself, been here before?  He gazed at the rays of sunlight that found their way through the pond and the crystal ceiling above.  All around him were the flowers, bright with moving colors of liquid on their petals.  She had never described the flowers themselves too him.  He was delighted that she had not. To experience them in this way, first hand without expectation, was a pleasure all its own. 
 He grabbed a few, placed them in a pouch, and made his way back through the tunnel and out of the tree.  Later, as he walked back towards his home, he reached into his pouch to once again gaze upon the beauty of the flowers.  He smiled, both in admiration of the flower, and foreseeing his return to his love. His smile faded as he noticed the movement of the color on the flower slowed.  The stem became limp, and the color itself, like a liquid, began to pour off of the petal onto the dirt by his feet.  
He tried to catch it with his hand, and managed to save some, but the color faded and what once was a moving vibrant rainbow of color, was now a black sludge.  The stem also wilted and was now a limp black strand.  His heart dropped into his stomach. “Bring me one of these flowers alive and well,” she had said to him.  This flower was not alive and well at all.  
He desperately went back to the cave to get another, but he had the same result.  The flowers only lasted a short time after they were picked, and then they died.  It seemed that he could do nothing to stop it, but he kept trying.  
He tried carrying dirt with a flower; he tried keeping one in water, and he tried dirt and water.  He tried for days and nothing he did seemed to work.  He was frustrated, but determined.  
He went back to Byo’s fortress to Tuana and told her of his failure.  She was disappointed and did not want to give herself to him until he had finished the task he had promised.  But then she realized how much she truly loved him, and told him that it did not matter.  She was still impressed that he had spent so much effort in trying.  There was no longer a need for him to bring her the flower.
But he persisted and again promised her that he would bring back the flower.  He went to Byo and told her that he would again be leaving for a while.  
Byo still was concerned about the integrity of her fortress.  “I need a wall,” she said.  “One that surrounds my fortress.  One big enough and strong enough that no one could penetrate it.  One that only you can build.”
“I cannot build you a wall at this time, M’ lady.  I have a task to perform.  I cannot build it until I am done.”
“Task? What task?  Why can you not build this wall for me? Have I not treated you well?”
“My apologies, yes, you have treated me well, but I must perform this task.  I cannot tell you what it is, for it is of a personal nature.”
Annoyed, Byo agreed.  “Fine, hurry with your task, whatever it may be.  But know that any harm that comes to my people while you are gone is on your head.  No one has the skill you do.”
So Tumba set off to find the answer to the flower.  He called upon the god Shango to give him back his hammer, and for two years, he was gone.  No one saw him.  But he still did not have a way to carry the flower.  He went to different lands to find answers, but found none.
Byo had someone else build her a wall, and when war came it was not strong enough to keep her enemies out.  Many people died.  When Tumba came back and faced the Sorceress, she asked him, “Do you see what has happened? Do you see the ruins of the wall that failed?  I still triumphed over my enemy, no thanks to you.  But many of my people died in the attack.  If you had built the wall as you promised, those people would still be alive.  Well, did you at least finish your task?”
“I did not.” He replied, dropping to his knees. “I was to find a way to carry the bloom flower back to Tuana without it dying.  This, I promised her, but for years, I have failed.”
Byo laughed. 
“What is so funny?” Tumba asked.  
“If you would have told me this before, I could have given you the answer.  I am a sorceress, and we know these things.”
Tumba was both happy and disturbed by this.  He cried out to Byo. “Please,” he asked, “I beg you to tell me.  I have sought long and hard to bring this flower to my love as I have promised her. 
“I will tell you the secret, but if I do, will you build me my wall?”
“Yes, I will build you your wall.  I will build a wall that only the gods themselves could penetrate.”
“Okay then.  Here is what you already may know about the bloom flowers.  At night, they suck themselves back into the soil.  If you pluck them, even during the day, they won’t even last an hour before they die.  But, if you can let their stems feed directly off of the sun’s energy, they will live for quite some time.”
“What must I do?”  he desperately asked.  
She continued, “most animals do not cry, but there is one that does.  The Lemadu is a nocturnal animal.  They cannot stand the sunlight, and so they sleep in caves as bats do.  So if you were to bring one of its young out during the day, the strength of the sun’s energy would be too much for it.  It will cry in the sunshine.  You must bottle up its tears for only they have the magical ability to store the sun’s energy in its purist form.  A couple of drops of their tears mixed with water should do the trick.”
 Tumba was graciously happy and went on his way.  He found the Lemadu cave.  He waited ‘til day, snuck in and brought one of the young into the daylight.  In moments, the little animal started screaming, and like Byo had told him, the tears came rushing out.  He collected them in a vial and was relieved.
He took the tears, mixed them with some water, put the mixture in a container, plucked his flower, put it in the container, and waited.  An hour went passed and the flower had not died.  Two hours went passed, and still the flower stood strong.
He took it to Tuana who had been longing for his return.   They were happy, and the flower remained in bloom in a house that he had built for her.  He again asked the God Shango if he might wield his hammer for the construction of the wall that he had promised Byo.  And again, impressed with Tumba’s determination and skill, Shango came down and placed his hammer in Tumba’s hand.
He began building the wall during the day, and at night, Shango came back for his hammer.  Tumba went with Tuana.  They began seeing each other more and more until his work on the wall slowed.  He decided that again, he would take some time off and spend it solely with Tuana away from the kingdom.  
The Sorceress protested.  “You must finish my wall,” she said, “once again, my enemies are drawing near.  You are the only one who can wield the god Shango’s hammer.  I can’t let you leave until the wall is finished.”
“I will finish your wall,” he said, but for the first time, he cared nothing about his promise.  All he cared about was being with Tuana.  Their lives had left them with little time to embrace each other, and it gradually wore on him.   Instead of building the wall, he went to Tuana.
“You must go away with me,” he said.
“But my cousin, Byo, will not allow it.  I want to be with you, only you, but we must wait.”
“I cannot wait,” he exclaimed.  “She will always want me to build something for her; she will never let me out of her clutches.  We must leave now and never come back to this place.”
“If we leave now, people will see us.” She pleaded.  “Let’s at least wait until the height of night, when all are sleeping.”
“Fine then,” he agreed, “but I will leave now.  I do not wish to see Byo again.  Meet me on the Green Mountain to the south.  I will wait there for you.  I will not leave until you have come.”
It was settled.  Tumba set out for the Green Mountain, leaving the wall unfinished.  
That night members of the Mumba Clan penetrated the fortress.  They stole trinkets and gems.  They also kidnapped people for trade.  They came into Tuana’s quarters and bound and gagged her too quickly for her to resist, and they were off.
The next Day, Tumba waited for Tuana, but she never came.  He wondered what happened to her.  Perhaps she was unable to sneak away and he would have to wait another day.  And that he did, wait for her for another day, and another, and another, and another.  Months went by and still Tuana never came.
Meanwhile Byo was angered at Tumba for fleeing.  She was angry with the Mumba tribe for their theft and sent troops out to retrieve her little cousin, but it was too late.  Tuana had been sold and taken far away.  For a while, Byo thought that maybe Tumba had been taken too, but a man that had traveled to the Green Mountain revealed that Tumba was living there, alive and well.  So, she went to him.
“Why did you leave my fortress?” she asked.  “Why did you not finish my wall?”
Tumba was disgusted with her. “I left to be with Tuana, I no longer wish to build for you.”
“But you PROMISED me a wall, a wall that no one could penetrate except for the gods themselves.  And besides, Tuana has been taken and sold.  She is nowhere to be found.  For all I know, she could be dead by now.”
“Tuana is not dead!  She and I share a true love.  I am in favor with the gods; they would never do such a thing to me.  I will wait here until she returns.”
“Then you rescind your promise to me?  Foolish boy, had you built my wall in the first place, we would not be in this predicament!  Tuana would have been safe!  The two of you would have wanted for nothing!”
“I will not leave this mountain until Tuana returns.” He turned his back on her and went up the mountain.
Byo was furious.  She went to her fortress and sent men out to bring Tumba back.  Tumba saw the men coming up the mountain, and asked the god Shango once again for his hammer.  Once again, Shango allowed him to wield his mighty hammer of lighting thunder.  
But instead of using it to build, he used it to kill.  For ten years Byo sent men up the mountain to bring Tumba back, and for ten years he swung the mighty Shango hammer to strike them down causing thunder and lightning on the mountain.  But this was not how it got the name Angry Mountain.  
Finally, Byo gave up, and she let Tumba stay on that mountain, and for twenty more years, he sat waiting.  Byo had some trying times.  She had wall after wall built, but eventually all were taken down by her enemies until she was finally defeated.
She went back to the mountain to see Tumba.  “I have been defeated.” she said.  “All because you broke your promise to me.
 “I will not come off this mountain, until Tuana returns to me,” he replied.  
“So be it, then,” she said.  “On this mountain you will stay!” She cast a spell on him and the mountain.  The spell killed him, took his soul from his body, and placed it in the mountain.  “Now you will never leave this mountain!”
She left the mountain.  
Tumba's soul was so angered, that when he became enraged, the mountain shook; the boulders roared and tumbled, and lava spewed up from its belly.
Thus began the name Angry Mountain, for he was so enraged at the sorceress for putting his soul inside of it, and even angrier because he missed his love, Tuana.  So from time to time, he yelled and he roared, and the angry mountain was responsible for many deaths of anyone that traveled near by.
Byo, being defeated, became a wonderer, with no kingdom of her own.  She used her sorcery to get what she needed, and lived her life.  A hundred years passed; she traveled to a village in the north.  She was old, but did not look it, for her sorcery had kept her young.  She saw an old woman that looked familiar in the market place skinning a possum.  “Excuse me,” she said, “but do I know you?” 
“Of course you do.” The old woman said.  “I am Tuana, your little cousin.”
 “My gosh, Tuana! I thought you had died, long ago!”
“I was captured,” she said. “And a slave for many years.  When I got free, I went to your fortress, but it was ruled by another.  Then, I went to the green mountain since I was supposed to meet Tumba there.  Alas, he must have died, for I could not find him either, since then, I have roamed alone.”
Then Byo told her, how Tumba had gone to the mountain and of the years that he waited for her.  She told her how Tumba did not finish his wall as he had promised, and she also told her that she killed him, and placed his soul in the mountain.
Tuana became furious. With one quick motion, she cut off Byo’s head.  Byo would have been strong enough to easily defeat Tuana, but she did not expect the attack from her little cousin.  Byo’s body dropped to the ground but her powers were not lost.  All of Byo’s great power and knowledge entered Tuana, because she was the closest family member to Byo at the time.  She regained her youth as well.
Tuana went to the mountain.  When she got there it rumbled loudly.  
Then the mountain calmed as Tumba realized that finally his love had come, but he could not speak.  Tuana sat there, for two hundred more years, because she truly loved him, until even her magic could not keep her young anymore. Soon she knew that she would die and that they would no longer be together.  So she devised a plan.  
She went to the Lemadu cave and grabbed the tears from the young one.  She mixed those tears with water.  She went to the tree with the large blue flowers and crawled through the tunnel.  She got the bloom flower and placed the stem into a container and brought it to the mountain.  
“Now, my dear, what you once did for me, I have done for you.”
She poured the water and tears into the soil of his mountain and planted the flower.  The flower sat there in the ground, beautiful as always.  Next, she knelt down beside it and died, pouring all of herself into the flower, until she became a part of it.  
More bloom flowers sprouted, and they too were also a part of her.  And so, they were joined, Tumba and Tuana; he was the mountain, and she was the flowers that grew upon it.   
The Angry Mountain would now be calm and happy, only angered if someone tried to pick the bloom flowers.  There they would stay forever………  


Chapter  13
FLOGGIN THE NOGGIN


Zerggie ran over to Bomani and cried out, “No pick flowers! No pick flowers!”  
But, he was too late.  Bomani had already plucked a handful of bloom flowers from the ground and began placing them into his bag.  Zerggie pulled on Bomani desperately to get him to stop pulling the flowers out of the ground, but the little imp just was not strong enough.  Farra rushed over to help restrain Bomani, who was now completely mesmerized by the plants hypnotic petals.  He pulled away from Farra and the imp, and stared at the flowers desperately.
“Bomani, stop it.  What are you doing?”  Farra cried.
“I just want to get a few,” Bomani said calmly.
“I don’t think you should be picking the flowers because Zerggie says it’s bad and I don’t know why it’s bad but he must know what he is talking about cuz he lives here and you should listen to him and stop picking stop picking Bomani, stop picking!” Farra pleaded, but Bomani kept pulling at the exhilarating flowers
“Just a couple more,” he promised.
Just then the ground began to shake beneath them.  Farra had never felt anything like it before and she was terrified.   She looked around, and saw the whole mountaintop rumble.   Zerggie was frantic.  
“See! Picking bloom flower make mountain angry. Angry Mountain angry!”
“What should I do?  He won’t stop,” Farra pleaded.
“Time for Zerggie to go bye-bye,” Zerggie said.
“Bye-bye?  Wait!  How do I make him stop?”  she cried.
“Hit him,” said Zerggie.
“Hit him?”
“Hit him head, then he stop.”
Zerggie had nothing more to say. He scurried along and quickly burrowed into the snow until he was gone. Farra reluctantly watched him leave, and then she looked back at Bomani, who sat in the snow with a bloom flower in his hand.  His eyes were locked on the twirling colors of the petals. 
Pupa pulled at Bomani’s hand gently with his teeth, trying to get him up, but Bomani just ignored him.  Farra grabbed her staff and held it tightly.  She really liked Bomani in spite of how stubborn and proud he could be.  The last thing she wanted to do was hit him — especially not on his head, but she had no choice.  
The angry mountain rumbled beneath them and from Zerggie’s cue she knew that they needed to leave as fast as they could.  She closed her eyes and began to swing her staff at Bomani’s head hesitantly, but to no avail.   She could not bring herself to hurt him.   
The mountain began to shake even more violently and when she looked up she realized that there was no time to doubt or question what must be done.  Rocks and snow rolled down from the top of the mountain, heading in their direction.
“I hope you forgive me for this, Bomani,” she said.  
She took a deep breath, pulled back her staff, and for a moment, it seemed as though everything stood still and went silent — even the sound of the rumbling mountain.  She swung solidly and the only thing she heard was her staff cutting through the air and making contact with Bomani’s head with a loud THUMP!  
Bomani fell to the ground.  He looked up angrily and he immediately saw the culprit holding her staff as she looked on remorsefully.
“Owww! What’s the matter with you!” he shouted at her.
“Oh Bomani, are you okay?”  Farra cried.
“Am I okay?  You just hit me in the head.   Of course I’m not okay!”  He rubbed his head gently.
“I'm sorry, Bomani.  I’m so sorry, but Zerggie said it was the only way to make you stop picking the flowers.  You just kept picking them and picking them and you wouldn't stop and when you did stop you were still in some sort of daze and now the ground is shaking because the mountain has gotten angry and Bomani we’ve got to get out of here!”
She said this in what seemed to be one breath. When she finished, she was practically panting like a dog.  Bomani looked around and saw pieces of the rumbling mountaintop crumbling around them.
“What is it, an earthquake?” Bomani yelled.
“No, it’s the Angry Mountain!  Come on!”  Farra said.  She followed Pupa, whose animal instincts seemed to guide him toward the best route down the mountain.  Farra and Bomani ran as fast as they could.  The deep snow made for a slow escape, especially for Pupa. 
As they clumsily slid and fled down the hillside, large boulders broke from the cliffs above and rolled past, barely missing them.  An enormous boulder headed straight for Farra.  Bomani reacted quickly and dove into her — knocking her out of its path. 
“That was close!” he said.
“Yes, it was,” Farra gulped. “Let’s get out of here!”  She got up quickly, trying to balance herself so that they could hurry, but Bomani looked up disheartened.
“We have another problem.”
Lava spewed from the crown of the mountain.  It rolled down the mountainside, furiously, like an ocean of fire, bubbling and engulfing everything in its path.  The thick, hot lava branded the mountainside with trenches of lava that rushed toward them vengefully.  It was too fast for them to outrun.  It was evident that soon, this Angry Mountain would overtake them — a hefty price to pay for picking flowers.
“We’ll ride my shield down.”  Bomani said.  He raised his shield as he presented the idea, and then set it in the snow as he gestured to Farra to get on.  
“Are you ready?”  he asked.
Farra nodded after she and Pupa sat on the shield, and she held on tightly.  Bomani pushed them to get a running start, and then he hopped on.  The shield picked up speed like a sled, quickly sliding across the snow down the mountain.  Bomani steered the shield instinctively and expertly — miraculously dodging rocks and debris.  They dodged an avalanche of snow only to move in front of a boiling hot lava flow, but the shield went faster and they were able to outrun it. 
Farra gasped! Ahead of them there was a large slap of rock.  She held on tight and could only hope that Bomani could somehow dodge it.  She and Pupa looked on with terror as the velocity of their makeshift sled picked up speed.
“Bomani!” she shouted and pointed.
“I see it, it see it.”  he responded.
“But it’s right there, we’re going to hit it.”
“I said I see it!”  
“Stay close to me, Pupa,” Farra said, and the frightened pup climbed into her pouch.  “Lean Bomani lean!” she shouted.
They tipped over so far to one side that her shoulder skimmed the snow, and she let out a short cry as it still seem like they would hit the rock.  She shut her eyes and held her breath.  Every bone in her body anticipated the crash ahead, but at the last second, Bomani placed his hand into the snow to anchor them.  He allowed his hand to drag just long enough to turn them, as they cleared the huge rock.  As they sailed by it, neither one of them could help giving a sigh of relief as they raced down the slope. 
They picked up speed again, and this time they sped down the slope even faster than before.   
“I think we’re going to be okay if we...” Bomani began, but before he could finish, Farra screamed a sharp, horrific, piercing cry and quickly Bomani was screaming right along with her.  In the next moment, they were flying through the air for what seemed like a very long time until they finally landed, splashing into a river.
They skipped along the water until the shield crashed into a riverbank, tossing them onto the land, and they rolled onto the ground.  
Farra let out a painful moan.  “You know, in different circumstances, that might have been fun,” she said, rubbing her shoulder.
“I’m not sure about that, but I’d choose sliding down a volcano over being inside of one any day.” Bomani got up and frowned as he touched his head, “I’m not sure if this headache is from our crash, or from you hitting me,” he reminded Farra.
“I said that I was sorry.  I had no choice,” Farra defended herself.
Bomani opened his pouch to remove the troublesome bloom flowers that had gotten them into such a predicament.  
“What’s wrong?”  Farra asked.  
He reached his hand inside and pulled it out, watching as it dripped from his fingers.  He tilted his pouch and the last of the bloom flowers spilled out and soon dissipated into black film right before their eyes.
“All the color is fading away” said Farra.
“Looks like someone angered the mountain!” said a familiar voice, and when they turned around to see to whom it belonged, the face was also familiar.	
“Hagga!” Farra called out in amazement.  “How did you get here?”
“Not Hagga, my dear, Shagga.  I am Hagga’s twin sister.”
“Great,” Bomani sighed with contempt as he rolled his eyes. “There are two of them.”


Chapter 14
 SISTER SISTER
	


Shagga had a hut too.  It gave the children an eerie familiar feeling.  As with Hagga’s hut, the bones that created the framework of the structure almost seemed to whisper to them.  Farra was sure it was just the wind making its way through the layers of the outer shell.  
Just like in Hagga’s hut, a cauldron stood in the middle of the room.  Farra searched the walls for an old man that would soon leap out and scare them.  Bomani followed her lead with the back of his spear. 
 “We do have some differences, yes, yes, we do,” Shagga said.  
“Huh?” replied Bomani.
“You’ll find no griot hiding in my walls.  You marry a man, he is sure to change into a husband, and I wouldn’t want that.  Yes, Yes, I’m quite accustomed to living alone.”  She started searching through some of her shelves and pulled out another rune.  “This is a compass rune.”  she said, “It will help you find what you are looking for.”
“The Ifa Scepter?”  Farra asked.
“Yes.” Shagga replied and handed it to Bomani.  He flipped it over in his hands, inspecting the stone.
“So, I suppose that it works like the others,” said Bomani.  “You can’t tell us anything, we’ll just have to know when to use it?  Well, Farra and I almost died trying to figure out how to use the other ones.”
“Humph, I would think that to a great warrior like yourself, almost dying would be something easily passable, and expected.  Don’t you live to take such chances?”
“Uh, yes I do, but it’s her that gets frightened.  She’s not used to it.”
“This rune is more complicated, boy.”
“Great, more complicated,” Farra said with a sigh.
“Ah, but this time, you get instructions.  To find the Ifa Scepter, you must find something that contains Hatari’s power.  The Ifa Scepter amplifies his power and so do the diamonds around him.  Find something that contains his power, and then you will know which way to go to find his diamond cave.”
“Diamonds?”  Bomani asked, “When we were on the boat, and the ogre had me down, I saw a huge diamond around his neck.  If Hatari is controlling them, giving them orders, maybe he is the one who gave them the diamonds.” 
“Now you’re thinking, boy.  See, you’re not all spear and shield, are you?”
Farra was concerned.  “We spent a great deal of effort getting away from the stinky ogres.  We went through an underground river, almost died in a volcano, not to mention making an angry mountain very, very angry.  Now we are supposed to go back and find them?”  
“That is precisely what you must do,” replied Shagga.  “Hatari uses those diamonds to stay in contact with the ogres.  He speaks to them, and can use them as a seeing-eye.  He was probably watching while you were on the boat.”
“But if that’s true, then if we do manage to get one of the diamonds, won’t he be watching us?” asked Farra. 
“Ah, the young sorceress is thinking too.  You are quite right.  You must remember to shatter the diamond as soon as you get it or Hatari will use it to spy on you.  Then, put the pieces with the rune.”
“Okay.  So, find the ogres, steal a diamond, smash the diamond, put the pieces with the compass rune, and then we’ll know our way.  Is that right?  Sounds easy enough.”  Bomani said with a hint of sarcasm in his voice. 
“Wait,” said Farra, “Hagga told us that we must get to the other side of the Angry Mountain, but she didn’t say why.  Were we supposed to find you?”
“Exactly child.”
“Then why didn’t she just say, ‘my sister lives on the other side of the Angry Mountain.  When you find her, she will give you the compass rune so you can use it to find the scepter,” Bomani asked. 
“Why are you complaining?” asked Shagga.  “You’re here aren’t you?  Got the compass, don’t you?  Got instructions, haven’t you?  No more silly questions.  The ogres will not be too hard to find.  Hatari has them spread out over the Forbidden Expanse.  There is a camp less than a half of a day’s walk from here.  If you hurry, you can catch them before they move on.”
 
Chapter 15
 SEEKING THE ENEMY


The ogres’ camp was nothing formal.  It was unorganized and sloppy.  There was no structure to where or how they slept, ate, or anything else.  There were not usually any tents pitched in an ogre camp either, except from time to time during the rain.  Perhaps the ogres were evolving after all. As for the cold nights and the wind, simple weather did not generally bother them.  Their thick skin and coarse hair were good for that.  
They were not much interested in comfort either.  Not that they did not enjoy comfort.  More so, they found comfort in just about anything. They did not make pillows for themselves, or lie on blankets, or search for anything soft to ease them into their sleep.  In fact, they had no formal way of sleeping whatsoever.  When they became tired, they usually just fell asleep where they were. 
With Shagga’s instructions, it did not take Bomani and Farra long to find them.  Pupa could easily sniff out their strong stench.  Once on the trail, he followed it with no problem.  Ogres had sweat glands like humans, but they rarely found it necessary to clean themselves, so the sweat and stink would often build up, stick to their fur, and accumulate day after day after day. Bomani wondered how, with their keen sense of smell, their own stench did not bother them.
Bomani and Farra approached the camp in the middle of the night.  The fire the ogres used to cook that night still smoldered, leaving the smell of burned wood in the air, which was much more agreeable than the smell of the ogres.  They approached the encampment cautiously, and hid behind a small dry bush.  Where the ogre’s camped, the ground was bare of vegetation altogether. 
“At least they had enough sense to build their fire in a clearing,” Farra whispered to Bomani.  
About twenty ogres lay asleep on the ground.  They were spread about randomly as if they had been tossed over the encampment like a basket of rags. 
“They look like they are sleeping,” he whispered to Farra.
“What if one of them wakes?”  she asked.
“We’ll just have to be careful.”
“I’ll stay here, you go.”
Bomani nodded. 
The air was thick with the sound of ogres snoring, accompanied by the sound of ogres snarling.  Ogres tended to do both when they slept.  Bomani crept slowly, staying as low to the ground as he could toward the ogre closest to them.  Around the ogres neck was a diamond held in place with a string.  Bomani pulled out his blade and lifted the string to cut it. 
Farra watched from behind the bush.  She nervously began scratching at her staff, then suddenly noticed the noise she was creating and quickly stopped. 
The ogre moved, and caused Farra to exclaim in a small, quick yelp.  She instantly covered her mouth, slapping her hand over it.  
Bomani moved back cautiously.  He stood motionless for a second and glared at Farra scornfully.  He put his finger over his mouth to shush her.  She nodded, wide-eyed and apologetic.
Bomani went back to the business of getting the crystal. Fortunately, Farra’s mishap had not awakened any of the slumbering half-beasts that lay around them.  Within moments, he was able to cut the rope and slip the diamond necklace off of the sleeping ogre.  As he quietly handled the useful stone, he smiled with self-satisfaction.  He looked back at Farra and signaled mission accomplished, and she smiled at him with approval.  Bomani tiptoed back to where she waited.
“Where is Pupa?” Farra whispered with concern.  Then she saw him on the other side of the camp.  He was too far away to shout to him.  
Pupa’s keen sense of smell did not stop at finding the stinky ogres.  He had also picked up the smell of cooked meat.  One of the stinky ogres that lay sleeping with his dinner, a half eaten hog leg.  He had fallen asleep holding the slab like it was a teddy bear or doll, and even though he was asleep, every once in a while he bit into it, chewed, and swallowed without awaking.  Ogres often eat while they sleep.
Pupa followed the scent to where the ogre lay.  His mouth watered for the savory meat that lay in the ogre’s arms, and he approached it as quietly as he could.  He sunk his teeth into the meat.  With his nose so close, and the taste of the meat now in his mouth there was nothing that could tear him away from this feast.  He pulled the meat gently out of the ogre’s arms.  
Fortunately, the ogre didn’t wake — at least not until little Pupa was on his way.  Then, the ogre noticed the comfort of his doll was missing.  He looked up to see it being carried off, and he grunted at the pup angrily.
“Hey!” he shouted.  “Where you going wit dat meat?”  
Pupa did not look back.  He ran, dragging the large slab of meat along side of him.
“My food.  My food is running away,” the ogre shouted; awaking the other ogres around him.  
Farra and Bomani heard the noise and watched as Pupa ran toward them with the slab of meat in his mouth. 
“Pupa, no!”  Farra shouted. 
“Look!”  They heard an ogre shout, “After dem!”
“Not good Pupa!  Not good at all,” Farra scolded him as he came to her.  They began to move away from the camp.
As ogre after ogre awoke, they started after the children, picking up their crude weapons along the way.  One of the ogres recognized them.
“Hey!”  he said, while running along with his companions. “Dem da children dat drownded.”
“I thought you say dem drownded,” another replied.
“Me thought dem drownded.  Dem drownded in water, never come up.”
“Dem running,” said the baffled creature, “Dem don’t look drownded to me.”
“Look, we gonna catch dem children, or we gonna spend all night talking bout how me always wrong?”  asked the first ogre.	
“Me vote catch dem children.”
“Yea, dat good idea,” said another.
The stinky ogres pursued Farra and Bomani relentlessly.  Their stubborn stamina worked well to their advantage, for even though the children were faster, they could not keep up the speed for long.  
The ogres did not tire as easily.  They almost caught up to Farra and Bomani and they began to close the gap between them, getting closer and closer.
Farra was getting tired.  She couldn’t keep up much longer.  Every second she ran was slower than the one before it.  Her muscles begged for oxygen, and her lungs pleaded for more air.  They obliged her as well as they could, heaving in and out, painfully, as she choked on dry air.  Suddenly her whole body gave out at once and she collapsed.	
Pupa yelped loudly to catch Bomani’s attention, and Bomani ran to help her. He grabbed her by the arm and tried to pull her up.  
“Come on, Farra.  Get up,” he encouraged her. “We have to run.”
Bomani looked up again, and it was undeniable: the ogres were closing in on them.  Farra looked at him and nodded, and was finally able to rise to her feet.  She took a deep breath and ran.  Bomani knew that soon he would have to confront them and fight — he only hoped he had the strength for it.
The ogres seemed to be tireless, and they continued to get closer and closer to the children.   Suddenly a strange, tingling feeling came over Farra that she had never felt before. She stopped.
“What are you doing?”  Bomani exclaimed. “Keep running!”
“Something new,” she said.
“What does that mean?”  Bomani said, coming to a full stop in order to understand her.
“I’m not sure,” she said.
The wind seemed to blow harder at that moment.
Farra pointed her staff at the oncoming stinky ogres and yelled, “Moon glow!”
A bright light emitted from the crystal over her staff, with such brilliance that it was blinding to the ogres.  They stopped. The ogres grunted and cried out, trying to rub the sharp pain from their eyes, as they stumbled and fell over each other into a pile of agony.  Farra and Bomani seized the opportunity to escape, and they ran as far as they could.



 
The ogres fumbled about, trying to get their bearings.  Hatari’s image projected from one of the crystals on an ogre’s neck.
“Ogre!  What are you doing?  What’s going on?”  Commotion was the only thing that Hatari could see through the diamond.  Hatari tried to get a better view of what was going on amongst the pack, but no matter which view of the ogre’s diamonds, the picture was the same — chaos.  He often wondered if their strength and willingness to follow his orders made up for there stupidity.
“Can’t see, Master, children made us can’t see.”
“Stand still for a moment so that I can see where you are,” Hatari hissed, angrily.
The ogre stood still and held his crystal up so that Hatari could get a clear view of the area.  The children had not gotten that far.  Hatari could see them running through a parched field. 
“I thought you killed those children!”  Hatari bellowed.
“Me thought so too, Master, but they here now — and me can’t see,” the ogre reported, still blinking and rubbing his eyes.
Hatari picked up his skulled staff and waved it at his crystal-viewing screen.  The ogre’s vision instantly returned.  “There.  Now, did that bring your vision back?”
“Oh yes, Master.  Me can see now.  Can you see now?”  he asked, pointing to a fellow ogre.  The other ogres followed suit, rubbing their eyes and questioning each other.  “Can you see now?” 
“Yes, yes, Master, we can see good now.  Thank you, Master.”  
“Oh yes, me see good, too.  Can you…”
“Enough!”  Hatari yelled. “They are headed for the pitfall fields.  They’ll have to be mindful of their footing to keep from falling in.  I will conjure a spell to aid you, bringing in the fog.  All you have to do is push them into the holes.”
“Uh, but master, if you bring fog, then we can’t see either.  Won’t we fall in too?”
“No, you brute, that is why I am telling you now.”


Chapter 16
PITFALL FIELDS


“What is this place?”  Bomani asked.  He looked across the large clearing.  There were deep hallowed areas in the ground, big enough that a medium sized animal, a human, or even an ogre could fall into.  These holes extended as far as they could see.
“I’ve heard of this place.  It is called the Pitfall Fields,” said Farra.
Bomani bent down at the opening of one of the deep holes to look down as far as he could.  
“How deep are they?”  Bomani asked.
“I’m not sure.  I don’t know anyone who has actually seen them.  Not to mention anyone who has fallen down into one.  Rumor is that they go on forever,” said Farra.
“It couldn’t possibly go on forever,” Bomani said.  His brow furrowed at the absurdity of such an idea.
“Well, do you really want to find out?”  Farra sensed his mockery.
“Yeah!  I mean, no!  I just want to know how deep the holes are.  I have no plans of falling in.”
“Me either.”
“But we have to cross it.  The ogres are close.  Next time, you should make sure Pupa isn’t hungry before we go raiding any more camps.”
“Agreed,” Farra nodded and smiled.
He sprung back up to his feet and rubbed his hands together to remove the dust and dirt from them.  He looked down at Pupa.  “You ready little guy?” 
They cautiously made their way across the Pitfall Fields, watchful not to fall into any holes. There were so many cavities in the ground; it was like walking through a loaded minefield.  They walked closely together and examined the ground carefully as they waded through.
“I’ve never even heard of this place,” said Bomani.
“There is a legend about Pitfall Fields,” Farra said.   
She wobbled a bit, almost losing her balance.  She kept talking.  Bomani was learning that this was Farra’s way.  She always talked a lot when she was nervous, and this time it did not bother him so much.
“Legend has it that there was a man who stole a jewel from an evil wizard. When the wizard chased after him, the man fell and lost it somewhere in this field.  The wizard cursed the man and said that he would have to look for that jewel until he found it.  That was over two hundred years ago.  Even after his death, he had to keep digging until he found it.  That’s why there are so many holes here, and that’s why it is called Pitfall Fields, and that is why it is rumored that the holes are bottomless.”
“I don’t believe it.  One man dug all these holes?”  Bomani said.
“That’s the story,” said Farra.
“Well, if he dug all these holes, then how could they go on forever?  That’s a lot of digging.”
“Do you have to take the fun out of everything?”
“What?  I’m just saying, even if it was for a thousand years, a man couldn’t dig holes that were that deep; forever deep.  That’s all I’m saying,” Bomani debated. 
“Hey, I’m just telling you what I—” Farra began.
“Ogres!”  Bomani interrupted.   He looked back and saw the ogres entering the clearance in the field from a distance. “We have to hurry!”  said Bomani.
They sped up their pace; still being careful not to fall into the holes.  Soon, they realized that a white mist was thickening all around them.  It wasn’t long before they could not see more than a foot in front of themselves.  They moved slower, feeling the ground with their feet, making sure not to fall into the holes.
Before long they heard the hoofing and snarling of ogres, seemingly coming from every direction.  They were close enough to smell, but still the fog made it impossible to see them.  They kept quiet in efforts to keep the ogres from following the sound of their voices, but it happened to be to their own disadvantage. 
In the thick of the fog, they strayed from each other.  
Bomani heard an ogre yell as it fell into one of the holes.  The scream seemed to fade as it fell further and further away.  Bomani wondered suddenly if Farra had been right and the holes were endless.  His heart beat heavily in his chest as he whipped his body around, turning one way and then the other trying to get a bearing on where the ogres were.  
He realized that Farra was not right behind him, as he had thought.  “Farra,” he whispered, looking for her.  “Farra, can you hear me?”  
The reply brought him to a halt, for it was not Farra’s voice he heard at all.  
“I hear you Bomani,” came the treacherous voice of Hatari.  “I hear you loud and clear.”  Hatari’s voice echoed all around him, he must have been right on top of him and yet he saw nothing.
“Show yourself."  Bomani demanded.
“I am here, in the diamond you hold.”
Bomani raised the stolen rope necklace he had in his hand to his face.  There, projecting from the diamond was the image of Hatari.
“There. Face to face is so much more natural, don’t you think?” said Hatari.  “I don’t know what Hagga told you, but it is my power that you hold.  And I can use it at my will.”
“What is it you want?”  Bomani insisted.
“While you hold it, I am already learning so much about you.  I can feel your needs, your wants…your desires.  It is a battle that you seek, but I assure you, a battle isn’t necessary.”
“Then you know what I’m coming for, the Ifa Scepter.  It rightfully belongs to Ufalme.”
“Yes, and I am willing to give it to you.  You are a warrior, strong and stern.  I can feel your desire to rule, to stand strong amongst the world.”
“From what I know of you, you only wish to conquer and destroy the world,” Bomani protested.
“Not true.  It is my siblings that you speak of.  They have turned Madunia into a world of chaos.  Your kingdom, Ufalme is the last of the great kingdoms still standing.  Yet it is also the kingdom that stands in my way, keeping me trapped in the Forbidden Expanse.  Join me, and I will give you the Ifa Scepter. You can return home a hero, and then allow me and my troops passage into Madunia.”
“I don’t believe you.”  
“Your father was never interested in an alliance.  I am sure that you think of him as a great man, but his narrow view of the world will be your kingdom’s undoing.  With you as King, you can join me in returning order to Madunia, to undo what my brothers and sister have done.  You will have the gratitude of all of Madunia, not just your kingdom.  I know that is what you want, as you hold my diamond of power, your desires are pouring into it.”
Hatari is right, Bomani thought to himself.  It was what he wanted, and what if what his father and grandfather knew of Hatari was wrong.  What if he could help to protect all of Madunia?  He could be a hero throughout the world.  That is more than any King before him had done.
“What is it that you want me do?”  Bomani asked.
“The young sorceress that you travel with carries a staff.  Bring it to me.  The Ifa Scepter has given me much power, but there is not much more it will do for me.  Yet, to harness the power of an Anifem’s staff to add to my own, that’s a different story.  For me, it is a fair trade.  For you, you can gain all, and lose nothing.”
“But what of Farra?”  Bomani asked, concerned. “What will happen to her?”
“She will not be harmed.”
“But will she be alright, separated from her staff?”
“I cannot sit here and explain to you the logistics of magic and power boy, but yes, she will be just fine.”  


Chapter 17
 FRIEND OR FOE


earth


 Farra was still blindly making her way through the fog, and carefully footing herself to keep from falling into the holes.  At first, it was the sound of the ogres around her that fueled her fear.  Their growls frightened her and the sounds of them falling down the holes terrified her. Now it was the silence.  She heard no footsteps, no growling, no yelling, and no panting. 
She jumped when Bomani grabbed her by the arm.  “Farra, it’s me.” 
“Bomani! I thought I had lost you. How did you find me, I can’t see a thing!”
“I lay on my stomach, and watched for your feet,” he said. 
She was holding Pupa in her arms.  He growled at Bomani.
“Pupa, stop it!” she scolded him.  “That’s not nice.”
“Uhh…he’s alright.  Probably just scared,” said Bomani. 
“The stinky ogres, I don’t hear them anymore.”
“Um…I think they are gone.  We should go too.”
“Pupa is low to the ground,” she said.  “If you can see down there, then he can too.  He can guide us out.”
“Yeah, that’s a pretty good idea.  We should let him lead.”
Again, Pupa growled at Bomani.  “Pupa, I said stop it,” Farra told him, and then put him on the ground.  “You have to guide us out of here, understand?”
“You want me to hold your staff for you?”  Bomani asked her.
“No, I've got it.”
Before long, with Pupa’s help to guide them, they made their way out of the fog.
“Let’s just take a second to figure out where we are going,” Bomani said. 
“I don’t get it,” said Farra.  “Did all of the stinky ogres just fall into the holes?  That’s a terrible way to go, even for an ogre.  I heard one fall in. His voice went on forever.  There’s no end to the holes.”
“Yeah, I heard it too.  Scary!” There was an apparent tremble in Bomani’s voice.
Pupa looked up at him and started barking again. 
Farra’s back was turned to the fog.  She had no idea that something was emerging from behind her.  She continued to try and deal with Pupa and his barking, bending down and rubbing him behind the ears to try and calm him.
“Pupa, I said stop it.  Bomani is our friend.  I’m sorry; I don’t know why he’s acting this way.  You’ve seen him.  He’s usually much nicer.  He’s probably still spooked from being in the fog.”
Bomani watched as two ogres approached her from behind.  They were able to get very close to her before she turned to notice them. 
“Ogres!”  she yelled and stood up.  
Quickly, Bomani snatched her staff out of her hand.  
“Bomani! What are you doing?”  
Then the two ogres grabbed her.  “Let go!” she yelled and then turned her attention back to Bomani.  “Bomani, help me! What are you doing?”
“I’m sorry Farra.  It’s better this way.”  His head was bent down toward the ground.  He could not even look at her.
“Better? Better for whom?  What are you talking about?” She struggled against the ogres, but she was no match for their superior strength.  “Pupa knew something was wrong!  I should have listened to him.”  Pupa was still barking, even more madly than before.
Then, in both the ogres’ necklaces, Hatari’s image appeared.  “Good work my young warrior.  You see, everything runs smoother with a little cooperation.”
“What we do with her now master?”  one of the stinky ogres asked. 
“We have her staff,” Hatari replied.  “Throw her into the holes.”
“Roger, roger, master.”
As the ogres made their way back toward the fog with Farra, Bomani pulled his stolen necklace out of his pouch and stared into it.  “You said you wouldn’t hurt her.”
“Trust me Bomani, it is better this way.  It is easier to get rid of her now instead of having her trampling on your heels if she gets away.  Don’t forget the big picture.  I will make you King, and you can save the world!”
Farra couldn’t believe what she was seeing or hearing.  She knew Bomani was a troubled boy, but she would never think that she would collaborate with Hatari to take her staff and kill her.  She screamed his name one last time before the ogres pulled her back into the fog. 
She continued to struggle against the ogres grasp.  She could see nothing but the thick, white fog lit from the moon.
“This hole good.”  Farra heard one of the ogres say.  “Yeah, throw her in dis one.” 
Then, she felt her self being lifted up and thrown downward.  She screamed in fright, falling downward through the air until something grabbed her by the arm.
Bomani pulled her up.  “I’m sorry,” he said and held her staff out to her.  
For a moment, she just looked at him, just barely seeing his face in the fog. 
“Take it,” he insisted.  
She snatched it from him and ran.  
“Farra!” he shouted, darting after her. 
He emerged from the fog and grabbed her. “Farra, stop.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it.”
Farra looked at him with eyes of fear, distrust, and shame.  “How could you do that?  How could you betray us like that?  Get away from me. Let me go!”
With two ogres coming toward their way, Bomani let her go.  She ran away as fast as she could without looking back.  



Bomani stepped in front of the two ogres and pulled out his shield.  His posture was threatening.  He knew that he was not about to let them take her again.
The ogres were a bit confused at this point.  “I thought him was our friend now,” said one of them.
“Yeah, me too,” said the other.
“Don’t think.”  Hatari’s voice echoed.  “Things have changed.  Kill the boy and the girl!” 
Bomani rushed toward the ogres.  One ogre carried a large club, and the other held a rusty, jagged piece of metal.  They both charged him at once.  
Bomani put his shield up to block the blows.  One of the ogres pushed Bomani to the ground, but Bomani was clever and swift.  He allowed his momentum to work on his behalf and rolled backwards onto his feet.  He charged them, and again they swung at him; again he blocked them with his shield.  He swung around swiftly and sliced one of the ogres in the chest with his blade, raising his shield again as he anticipated the next blow.  He blocked again, and this time, like lightning, he moved around the ogre, lunged forward and stabbed the half-beast in the back with his spear.  He immediately yanked his spear out of the ogre’s flesh and stabbed him again. 
In the next moment, Bomani looked for Farra.  She and Pupa had run off.  In the distance he could barely make her out, as she fled.  He wanted to run after her, but he still had this ogre problem.
The other ogre got back on his feet, apparently ready to resume the fight.  He looked at his chest and blood oozed from the gash that Bomani made.  He wiped at it with his hand, flinging blood toward Bomani and snarled.  
Bomani flinched when the blood hit his face, but he did not wipe if off.   He glared at the ogre, as the ogre glared at him.  For a moment they just stared at one another with nothing but hate in their eyes.  The ogre roared and pounded his fist onto his chest, as if he were insensitive to the gash there.  
Bomani threw down his shield confidently and stood before this insensible beast, with his blade poised in his hand.  He was not going to flinch.  However intimidating the ogre seemed to be, Bomani was not going to move.  He would wait for the ogre to make his move first, and then react. 
When the ogre charged, Bomani jumped back, dodging the ogre’s awkward lunge.  The ogre swung at Bomani with his makeshift weapon again and again, but Bomani’s feet reacted faster than the ogre could attack.  He jumped back and then swung his blade at the ogre, knocking his weapon out of his hand. 
Their motion continued as they both turned into each other.  Moving back to back, Bomani grabbed the ogre’s arm, flipped his blade around and jabbed it upward into the ogre’s side.  They both stood with their backs together, Bomani holding the ogre’s arm back while gripping his blade, which was lodged into the ogre’s side piercing upward under his rib cage.  Bomani finished him by pulling his blade out and giving one last plunge of his weapon into the ogre’s chest.  The ogre fell to the ground.
Bomani stood over him, his chest heaving deeply, his mind temporarily in the intoxicating state of a warrior’s triumph.  He took a moment to relish his opponent’s defeat until he remembered his friend.  
“Farra,” he gasped, and ran after her.
Just as he was leaving, the rest of the ogre horde appeared from out of the fog.  He did not know if they had been lost all of this time, or if Hatari had held them back as part of their bargain —the bargain that he had broken. 
Farra’s tracks were hard to follow in the night, but he had a pretty good fix on her direction.  She had entered a ravine with walls of rock, at least forty feet high.  They created a pathway in one direction.  Then, far ahead of him, he saw a faint glow.  She was using her staff to light her way.  He followed.
The light moved back and forth, and then it came toward him until they met.  
“No, Farra. You can’t go that way.  The ogres are coming.”
“Did you send them?”  she asked in distrust.
“What?  No, Farra, come on!”
     “Who are you?” she asked in a fearful voice.
“I’m Bomani.  Farra, it’s me.”
“At least I know where I stand with the stinky ogres.  I don’t know who you are.”
“I…am…with… you…  We… have…to…. go!”
	Farra just looked at him, scowling in distrust.  “Well we can’t go that way,” she said. “It’s blocked.”
“We have to try, there are too many ogres.  C’mon.”
He led, with Farra reluctantly following him back the way she had come until the two walls of the ravine circled and converged.”
“See,” Farra said.  “I told you, it’s blocked!”
Bomani started to climb the wall.  “Maybe…” he said grunting as he hoisted himself up.  “Maybe we can climb it.”
“I can climb, but I can’t climb that,” Farra assured him.  “Are you crazy?”
Bomani lost his grip and slid down to the ground.  He immediately jumped up and tried again.  “We have to try,” he said, again grunting between each word as he strained. He was trying to move so fast that every inch of him was shaking.
  But, Farra was right; the wall was too smooth – not enough cracks or crevices to hold on to.  Bomani fell to the ground.
“Are you okay?”  Farra asked.  
“It’s useless. You’re right, we can’t climb it,” Bomani said, and his ears focused on the sound of ogre feet trotting through the ravine toward them. Farra heard them too, and yet in the night neither of them could see them coming.
They backed up against the wall behind them.  The sound of ogre movement came closer.  Just when Bomani could make out a faint image, Farra surprised him by making the first strike.  With the shake of her staff, Farra shouted, “Moon glow!”  The staff let off a brilliant light, blinding the ogres closest to them and repelling the others.  
Bomani attacked as many of the disoriented ogres as he could, and Farra followed, striking a few of them with her staff, but it was useless.  There were too many of them.  “Air or earth?”  Farra shouted, trying to be heard over the growls and snarls of the chaotic brood.
“What?”  Bomani answered as he was tossed to the ground.
“The runes — air or earth?
“I don’t care, earth.”
Farra tossed the earth rune in front of her and quickly covered it with dirt.
“What happened?”  Bomani asked.
“It’s gone.”  Farra said, sounding puzzled.
“What do you mean, it’s gone?”
Before she could elaborate, the ground began to rumble.  Little specs of light twinkled through the soil, and suddenly out of the sparkles of light, small plants sprouted up and grew.  Then large, giant leaves emerged, creating a barrier between the children and the ogres.  
The ogres desperately tore at the leaves to break through, and just as it seemed to Bomani that they were making progress, a tree shot up from the ground directly under them and began to grow rapidly.  As the incredible tree sprouted, it picked up the children and carried them skyward.  It grew taller and wider as it shot upward.  Bomani and Farra held on tightly to its branches as they watched in astonishment; rising toward the sky.  
When the tree finished growing, it had reached the top of the wall and the children were able to climb from the treetop onto the cliff.  They looked back down at the bottom of the ravine.  The ogres had begun to climb up the tree.
“Whoa,” Farra said.  She let out deep sigh.
“Yeah, I know.”
“Let’s go before they get up here.” 
“No, this way.   We can attack them one at a time, as they get off of the tree.  Otherwise, they will eventually catch us,” Bomani suggested.
They waited as the ogres climbed the thick, strong tree and they braced themselves to attack.  It did not take the ogres long to make their way up the tree.  Although they were large, clumsy creatures, they were quite arboreal, and they climbed the tree with ease.
Suddenly they heard a loud cracking sound.  Even the ogres stopped for a moment to tune into what was happening.  The tree began to wither and was becoming brittle.  The leaves fell apart as they all turned began turning brown.  In a matter of seconds, the tree was dying and had become so frail that it could no longer support itself.  It surely could not support the weight of the ogres.   The tree crumbled, and the ogres fell with it.  Its pieces scattered to the ground and dissolved into a pile of splinters as quickly as it had appeared.  The children were safe.
“Whew,” Bomani said, looking over the cliff.  “I wonder how long it will take them to make their way around.”  He looked over to see Farra and Pupa were already walking away from him.  “Farra, wait.  You can’t go off alone.”
“Just give me one good reason why I should trust you!”
“I’m sorry.  Really I am.” Bomani said, dropping his head in shame.  “I wasn’t thinking straight, Hatari said he just wanted the staff and…”
“Well I’ve got news for you Bomani. When an evil, frightening, powerful man wants something that gives him more power, you don’t give it to him.”  
“I know, and I’m sorry.  He said he wasn’t going to hurt you.  I just wanted you to be safe.”
“I don’t know what they teach you in that warrior school of yours, but here is something to remember; wielding the power of another sorcerer’s staff is tricky business.  You can’t just use the staff; you have to take the power out of it.  I wouldn’t know how to do it, and there are only a handful of people in the entire world that do.  But this part I know for certain.  If you want to harness the power of a sorcerer’s staff, YOU HAVE TO KILL THE SORCERER FIRST!”
“Farra!”  Bomani called to her as she continued to walk ahead of him.  She didn’t answer.  For the first time, he missed her chatty little voice.  He wanted her to say something, anything.  “Farra, you don’t even know where you are going.  At least let’s use the compass rune to find our direction.”
He pulled out Hatari’s diamond and dropped it to the ground next to a heavy rock.  He picked the rock up and smashed the diamond with it.  It didn’t break.  He tried again, and again.  But the diamond did not break.  He looked out to Farra and the growing distance between them.
“Farra!” he shouted.  “I can’t break the diamond.  If I don’t break it, Hatari will know where we are!  He’ll find us!”
While on his knees, he looked down at the diamond and then he saw Hatari’s image materialize.  “You should have listened to me the first time Bomani.  Now do you see?  Your friend is gone.  There is still a chance for you to work with me.  Keep the diamond.  I will find you and have you brought here.  You can have the Ifa Scepter of the Gods and return a hero.  Your kingdom will prosper and you and I can forge a relationship that will strengthen all of Madunia.”
“I don’t believe you,” said Bomani.  “You tried to kill Farra.  That wasn’t part of the deal.  She is innocent.  I know now that you cannot be trusted.  I was a fool to listen to you in the first place.”
“Step aside please, Bomani,” Farra’s soft voice drifted to his ears.  He had not even seen her walk over to him.
“Farra?”
“Don’t ruin the chance I gave you boy!  I won't give you another,” said Hatari.
“Move away from the diamond please,” she said.
Bomani moved to the side. She raised her staff up.  The crystal at the top began to glow, and then she brought it down vertically and smashed the diamond with the base.  There was a bright flash of light —the diamond had broken into several pieces.  Hatari’s image faded.
“It’s a magical diamond,” she said in a calm and distant voice.  “You can’t break it with a rock.”
“You came back,” said Bomani.
“Yes.”
For a moment, they just looked at each other.  Bomani was trying to read her face, trying to figure out what she was thinking.  But her face was blank.  There was no emotion to it at all.  He wasn’t sure what it meant.  Only that it wasn’t good.
“Can I see the compass rune?” she asked calmly.
“Sure,” Bomani said as he handed it to her.
Farra studied it for a moment.  Then she kneeled down and picked up one of the slivers of diamond and stared at it for a moment.  She placed the compass rune down on the ground in the middle of the rest of the shattered fragments.
“Look,” said Bomani.  “It’s doing something.” 
The fragments began to orbit the rune in perfect circles, some in one direction, others in the opposite direction. Then, the rune started to spin slowly in place. 
“It’s going to point the way,” said Farra. 
Then, all of the movement stopped.  The pieces had formed a straight line from the rune. A beam of light shot from the rune through the diamond pieces and pointed the way.  The compass rune had worked.  They had their new direction, southward — not back down the cliff.
“There,” said Farra.  “That’s the way you need to go.”
“Me?  Don’t you mean, WE?”
“I don’t know if I want to go with you.”
“What?”
“I still haven’t decided if I should trust you.”
“I’m sorry.  What do you want me to say?”
“Sorry? Sorry is for stuff like, ‘oh, I’m sorry I ate your pudding.’  Or, ‘I’m sorry I didn’t get you a gift for your birthday.’  But you handed me over to an evil man and almost got me killed.”
“I know, but believe me when I say that I didn’t think he would hurt you.  And I know that it was wrong, Farra.  Really wrong.”
“Well, I want to know.”
“Know what.”
“I want to know why you’re out here.  Why you, just you.  Why not a whole army to go get the scepter to save your kingdom?  Why not your brother, Mongo?  Why is it just one boy?  It doesn’t make sense.” 
Bomani sighed.  “Okay, but can we wait till we make camp for the night?  Let’s just get somewhere safe and I’ll tell you all about it.”


Chapter  18
THE LIONS OF UFALME


That night…Bomani started the fire.  He lay his shield and weapons down on the ground and then sat on a rock near the fire. Pupa walked to them carrying something large and hideous in his mouth.  Farra was sitting quietly.  Her eyes were locked on Bomani’s movements.  Neither of them said anything for a while.  They stared at the fire and each other until Bomani spoke.
“I have some bread and some dried fruit left if you want some.”
“Sure,” said Farra.  “I’m hungry.”
Bomani reached into his pouch and pulled it out.  “It’s not much, but it is something.”  
“That’s not enough for the both of us,” she said.  Just take it.”
“No, it’s fine.  You eat it.”  Then he looked over at Pupa.  “What’s that Pupa is eating?”
“It’s some big bug he found.”
“Okay, I’ll eat some of that.  Looks like he has enough.  Unless you want it.”
“I don’t eat bug.”
“When you’re hungry.  You have to eat whatever you can.”  Bomani reached over to Pupa to grab at his food.  He stopped when Pupa growled at him.  
“Looks like Pupa isn’t interested in sharing with you,” she said as she grabbed the bread and dried fruit.”
“Maybe I’ll just find something tomorrow.”
“Okay,” she said in a low voice.  She started chewing and then stared at him again.
Bomani took a deep breath.  “Okay, Farra, you really want to know why I’m out here alone.”
“Yes Bomani, that would be helpful.” 
He was obviously reluctant.  “I wasn’t sent to find the scepter by my father.  I took it upon my self to do it.”
“Why would you do that?”
“It was the night before I came.  My kingdom was holding festivities of the Circle.  Even though the crops were drying up, and food was scarce, my father thought it would be good for the spirit of the people.  It is nights such as these that my people look forward too.  It keeps them happy.”
“I have been there,” said Farra with a more enthusiastic tone.  “A couple of times.”
“To the Circle?”
She noticed Bomani staring at Pupa who wasn’t even finishing his bug.  “Hey Pupa, she said.  Give him the rest of that.”  Pupa looked at her and then brought the bug to Bomani. 
“Thanks,” Bomani said.  He studied the half eaten bug for a while deciding as if he wanted to actually eat the thing.  But he was hungry, and many times, his warrior training had taught him to eat bugs if life depended on it.  He had rarely seen one so big.   He placed it on a stick and into the fire. 
“I’ve been three times,” said Farra.  It was great.  I really like how everyone is so cheerful and lively.  The atmosphere is wonderful.  The cheers, the yells, the fires in the night make such wonderful shadows of the people dancing.  I love the dancing.  Sometimes I just watch the shadows.  Ha, do you dance?” 
“No.  I’m not a dancer, at least not at the festival.  I just watch, like most of the rest of the people in and around the kingdom.  Everyone comes.  I sit next to my parents, the King and Queen.
“King Jumbe and Queen Najila, right?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve seen them at other times when walking around your kingdom.  You mother is so beautiful.  She’s so tall and her ebony skin is flawless.”
“Thanks.”
“But at the festival, I’ve never been close enough to get a good look at your face.  You can bet that next time I will.”
“Well, next time, maybe you can be a special guest of the kingdom.”
“Oh and the food.  There is so so much good food.”
“Even despite the shortage of food, everyone feasts,” said Bomani.  “Father made sure that there was plenty of food.  People spend weeks collecting cassava roots, peas, beans, nuts and creating spices to prepare dishes.  There is also plenty of meat for everyone.”
“What was different about this night?”
Bomani Pulled the bug off of his stick and looked at it again before he started to eat it.  “Well, if you have been to the Circle Festivities, then you know that on the third and last night, we hold the games.  People compete from everything from running, to rock throwing, to wrestling.  My brother, Mongo, and Bogo started to wrestle it was the last fight of the night.  Their bodies clashed together, everyone in the crowd was so tense.  Most of the people were rooting for Mongo, but there were many that were hoping that Bogo would win, just for a change.  Either way, it was going to be a good fight.  They were rivals at everything for the past two years.  Almost every event came down to them.  Of course it was always my great brother that prevailed in the end.”  Bomani turned his face up for moment.  
“Like usual,” he continued.  “It seemed like my brother was going to win, then suddenly Bogo got the upper hand.  And just when everyone’s attention was focused on the two of them, I mean everyone.  Even my father was anxiously leaning forward in his chair.  He never cheers or roots for anyone, but I know he always wants Mongo to win.  Anyway, all the sudden, someone screamed out, LION!”
“Oh no!” Farra gasped.  “A lion?  You mean like a real lion?  What happened?  What was it doing?”
“It was right there in front of us.  Everyone started running in every direction, screaming and yelling.  The lion jumped on a small boys back, struck him with his claws”
Pupa became restless, noticing the rise in Farra’s anxiety.  She quickly pet him to calm him down.  “Did the lion kill him?”
“He was about to,” Bomani continued.  “But suddenly this old man was there.  It was weird because everyone else had fled or was fleeing, but not him.  He sat there alone.  I don’t know his name, but I’ve seen him before.  He walks around the kingdom with a limp, leaning on his staff, using it as a crutch.  He doesn’t move to well it all.
   He stood up, his staff and suddenly the fire rose from the pit.  Then he moved his arms and then the fire flew toward the lion and smashed into it.  The ball of fire knocked the cat to the ground.  I’m usually not much for sorcerers, no offense.  I believe in the strength of a mans hands.”
“Or woman…”  Farra added.
“Um, sure. But it was great how he saved the boy.  The lion wasn’t dead though, and sending that ball of huge ball of fire through the air must have tired him out or something, because the man just sat back down.  He didn’t run or anything. The lion got up again, but by that time three guards approached it.  That boy was injured, but that old man saved his life.”
Bomani grabbed the stick he used to cook the bug and then started to break pieces of off it and toss them into the fire.  “I moved towards it,” Bomani continued.   “To attack.  But my father grabbed my arm.”  I hate that he did that.  Does he not think that I am strong enough or something?  I wasn’t afraid.  I could have taken it on.”
“Maybe he is just your father and he didn’t want you to get hurt.”
“Yeah, you might think that, but the lion quickly took down three guards, and guess who went in to fight it, my brother, Mongo.  My father didn’t stop him from fighting the lion.  He and Bogo fought the thing.  And again while they were fighting, I was going to join in and help, but again my father held me back.  Soon, they killed the lion.  It’s very rare that a lion would enter the confines of the kingdom.  It must have been hungry weak, unable to catch real a real meal.  The food shortage has affected everyone.  The bad thing though is that even though they killed it, Bogo was hurt so badly that he died in minutes.  I watched my brother hold him while he died.  I heard the last thing that he said.”
“What did he say?”
“He knew he was dying.  People speak about a moment that warriors have before they die from battle, being both scared and proud of who they are.  Bogo was shaking; I knew he was having that moment.  He looked at my brother and said, ‘my prince, do you think I would have beaten you?’  Then my brother said, ‘ yes Bogo, I know you would have.”
“Wow, sounds like your brother and Bogo had a lot of respect for each other.”
“Yep.  That’s my brother.  Always saying the perfect thing at the perfect time.  Always having the admiration of all the people and all the girls, always being the strongest and the fastest.  The women want him and the men want to be like him.”
“Sounds like all of that could make someone big headed, even arrogant.”
“Ha.  That’s just it.  Not my brother.  Not Mongo.  Not an arrogant bone in his body.”  Bomani tensed up and whipped a wood chip even harder into the fire.  “He doesn’t even care for the fame or the being great.  He just is.”
Farra fidgeted for a moment, like she was trying not to say what was on her mind.  Then she spoke, “you’re jealous.”
“I’m not jealous.”
“You’re jealous.”
Bomani stood up.  “I’m not jealous, I just….I want to be king that’s all!  That’s another thing, I don’t even think that Mongo even cares to be king.  But you know what, he probably will be anyway.  
I practice so hard.  No one my age can come even close to beating me in a fight.  But Mongo is nineteen, and I’m only fifteen.  He’s bigger and stronger and has been training longer.  He even tries to help me train, but for some reason that just makes it worse.  I don’t even want his help.”
“Does being king only have to do with how great of a warrior you are?”
“No, but it’s a big part of it,” Bomani said, feeling very frustrated.
“Well, to be honest with you, Bomani.  I think your warrior skills are great.  I don’t mean kind of great, I mean really really really great.”
“Well that won’t matter, because if something happens to my father right now, Mongo would probably king and not me.”
“And that’s what you would be worried about?  Not the thought that your father might be gone someday, but that you would not be king?  So your father is nothing?”
“No.”  Bomani sat back down.  “You can’t look at it that way.  Being royalty, we always have to look at things like that.  What would happen if father died?  What would happen if father and mother died.  We don’t like thinking about things like that, but we must.”
“Oh, okay.  Well at least you have a father.  Mine went missing years ago.  Sometimes, mother is still so sad about it.  She still cries when she doesn’t think that I am looking.”
“He just vanished?”  Bomani asked.
No one has seen him.  I don’t know if he is alive or dead, or what.  You should be thankful that you still have yours.  I miss mine.  He was great.  He wore red, because that was the color of his wolf, Ekko.  HE was a fire wielder.”  Whenever we parted, he would give me this medallion on around my head.  He has one just like it, and the two fit together.  Sometimes I’m afraid that they will never be together again.”
“It’s nice,” said Bomani.
“Thanks,” Farra replied starring into it.  Then her head suddenly popped up.  “But none of this explains why you are on the quest alone.”
“Oh yea, right,” Bomani said reluctantly.  “Well, remember what the griot said about the Ifa scepter, how we used it to stay in touch with the god of harvest?”
“Yes.”
“It was my father’s adviser, Anu, that said that the reason why the lands were drying up was because the scepter had been removed, and that we must retrieve it.  Heh, Anu is a funny little man; scrawny and small.  But he is smart, and he knows much about the gods, the lands, and our history.  Me and um… a couple of friends of mine, Anan and Kweden, overheard them talking about the scepter and how important it was.  So after my friends and I talked about it, we figured that I should be the one to go get it.  That would prove to the kingdom that I am worthy of the crown.”
“The map, you stole it.  Is that who you got it from?”
“Yes, I stole it from Anu.”
“Your friends must think you are great to think that you should do this alone.  You’re probably a better warrior than I thought.”
“Yes, I am great.  Some of the boys are really jealous of me.  They wish they were me; a great prince and a great warrior.  Some of the jealous boys don’t like me because they are just that, jealous.  But most people are my friends.  I have a lot of friends.  They know how great of a warrior I am.”
Farra frowned.  “But really, you’re just doing this to prove something?  You don’t really care about the kingdom?  You just want to prove how great you are?”
Bomani noticed a slight disappointment on her face.  “I am doing it for the kingdom, for all of Ufalme.  If I were king, things would be great.”
“No you’re not.  You putting the fate of your kingdom in just your hands just to make yourself look good.  I just don’t think it’s right.”
“I knew you wouldn’t understand.”
“No, I think I do understand.”
“Whatever,” Bomani shrugged.
They both sat quite for a moment.  Farra stroked Pupa who lay silently in her lap.  “Well, Pupa is sleeping.  I think I may as well get some sleep too.”
“Okay, replied Bomani.  “We’d better put out the fire before we go to sleep.  Don’t want any ogres seeing it throughout the night.  Are you going to get cold?”
“I’ll be okay,” Farra said as she readjusted to a laying position.”
Bomani scooped dirt onto the fire until it was out and then he too lay on the ground.  “I’m really sorry about what happened with Hatari.  It won’t happen again.  You have my word.”
“I believe you,” Farra said quietly.  “And I forgive you.”
“Will you still be here tomorrow morning?  I mean, are you going back home.”
It took Farra a few seconds to answer.  “I’m committed to this now.”  She paused again for a few more seconds.  “Pupa and I will still be here in the morning.  Good night.”


Chapter 19
  DIM SUNLIGHT?


After hours of traveling the next day, they took a moment to rest.  Bomani unwrapped his bandages to check his wounds, which to his surprise were completely healed.
“Wow, those bandages really work,” Farra said.
“Yeah.  I don’t even need them anymore.”
He began to unwrap them, but once they were almost off, he stopped.
“What’s wrong?”  Farra asked.
“I’m not sure.  I feel like I don’t need them, yet I can’t seem to get rid of them.”
“Don’t be silly,” Farra said and helped him with the last little bit.  
Bomani starred at the bandages.  He wanted them back.  Were they calling to him?  Beckoning to put them back on?  He suddenly felt incomplete without them. “No,” he said, and grabbed them back.  He quickly began wrapping his leg.  “I need them.  I don’t know why, I just do.”
“Ooooookaayyyyy.”  Farra responded, giving into his apparent delirium.  She took a drink of water and then continued. “Here, let me help you with the one on your arm, and we’ll get moving again.  We want to keep ahead of those stinky ogres.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.  And who knows how much further we have to go.  I wish I had Nas with us.  We could move so much faster.”
“Who is Nas?”
“Nassir.  My rhino.  He’s a battle rhino.  I ride him all the time.  He has strong horns, and he is tough.  I’d take him into battle any day.”
“Why didn’t you bring him?”
“Oh, well, he was sick.”
“When Pupa get’s older, he will be big enough for me to ride.”
“Nice.  Maybe we will be able to race.”
“Ha, a rhino, against one of our wolves, it’s not contest.”
Bomani smirked.  “I saw your mother’s wolf.  It’s pretty big.  I’d be your wolves would be good in a battle too.”
“Yes, they are.”
“Probably not as good as Nas though,” Bomani arrogantly added.  

They traveled further.  The sky was cloudless.  The sun was hot and merciless against their skin. They had reached an arid place where only sparsely grown cacti and aloe reached across the parched ground.  It met with hills, valleys, and rocky formations of high and low cliffs.
They walked until they noticed a distinct boundary in the ground.  An obvious line showed the difference between the dry soil that they walked on and the even drier soil ahead of them.  They crossed the line and noticed that even the sunlight had changed.   It was definitely less bright and yet there was not a cloud in the sky.
The softer shadows and dim light confused Bomani.  He kept checking the sky for the slightest hint of a cloud, and still there was none.  Then, ahead of them, they noticed a tree, brightly lit just as everything around it should be. It was not particularly large and had no leaves, but was the only thing that was lit normally by the bare sunlight, and that in itself was abnormal enough. 
As they continued to walk into this gloomy realm, Bomani took notice of a series of dead tree stumps and branches protruding from the ground. There were signs of sharp marks from something with large claws and teeth.  Even the rocks around them had this evidence, but Bomani said nothing.  He was not sure what creature had created them; he surely did not want to frighten Farra and give her more cause to worry.  He had been somewhat awed with the way she handled herself thus far.  She was quite impressive, he thought.  She was also very bright, in the warrior’s sense, because Farra, he noted, had noticed the markings too.  
He caught a glimpse of her taking a gander at the markings as they walked by.  He was about to say something to her, when out of the corner of his eye, he saw a dark shadow move.  He scanned the area carefully, but he did not see anything.  Although there were plenty of places behind the rocks and many plateaus and cliffs where something could hide, he knew that he had seen something move, and that something was out there watching them.
“What is it?”  Farra whispered.
Bomani slowly pulled his spear out, and mounted his shield to his arm. “I think someone is here.” 
“Look at Pupa,” Farra noticed.  “What do you see, boy?”  
Pupa had seen something as well, and he let out a low, guttural growl.  
“Shush, Pupa!”  Farra tried to quiet him.
“I don’t think that it matters anymore.”  Bomani said.  He knew that there was something out there, by the line of hair that stood up on Pupa’s back.  “Who or whatever it is already knows that we are here, and it’s watching us.”
“It?  You mean an ogre?”  Farra asked.
“I’m not sure.  Let’s just keep walking — slowly,” Bomani said.
Just then a shadow moved from behind one large rock to another.  The children turned, barely able to catch a glimpse of the mysterious phantom that stalked them.  Then another shadow moved, then another, and another after that.  They moved stealthily and quickly from behind one rock to another.  The children were terrified, and Bomani had the eerie feeling that they were surrounded.    
“I am Bomani.  Show yourself,” he demanded.  
“Not sure if you should be doing that,” Farra whispered with concern.
At first there was one, and then several dark figures began to step forward. Several panthers approached them. They were large, sleek black cats with patches of blue on them in different patterns.  The largest, with one long blue stripe down its back, came closer and then, to Bomani’s surprise, began to speak.  
“Hmmm, Bomani you say?  It makes no difference to me what your name is.  I will assume you will taste the same no matter what you are called.”
Bomani’s voice trembled a bit. “Yes, I am Bomani, and I will not be mocked by you.”
“Mocked?”  Farra hissed, “Bomani, what are you saying?  They are panthers—they are big, big cats, Bomani.  They outnumber us and they are panthers!”  Farra implored.
“Hmmm, you are a very confident one.”  The large cat complimented Bomani, as he circled the boy, “I’ll give you that.  Tell me, I have not seen a human through these parts in a long time, so what brings you two cubs out to the Forbidden Expanse?” As he questioned the children, the other panthers closed in around them.
“Please, we don’t want any trouble.  Please, let us through,” Farra pleaded.  “We’re just looking for the Diamond Caves where Hatari lives.”
“I know of such a place,” said the panther.  “But what will you do when you get there?”  The panther snickered.
“We…”
“That’s our business!” Bomani interrupted.
“This one has fire,” said one of the other panthers.  
“Fire, fire, fire, this one has fire,” another said in a quivering voice as he ran back and forth in place.  “Fire, fire.  I hate fire.  There is no fire. There is no fire. Shut up, shut up, shut up!  Show me the fire!” 
“Is it me, or is that panther crazy?”  Farra whispered to Bomani.
Bomani nodded.
“Shut him up!”  The leader shouted to the other ones.  Then he turned back to Bomani.  “Don’t worry, we have been known to put out such fires.”
“Try,” said Bomani.
“Looking for a fight?”  the panther asked.
“No,” Farra answered, “ We are NOT looking for a fight.  He’s just like that.  He acts tough, but he means no harm.  We’re not looking for a fight, and he’s not so tough.  Well, he is but — I mean, we would have gone a different way if we knew—”
 “Hatari is not far from here.  A four or five days walk in that direction,” the leader of the pack said. 
“Oh, thank you,” Farra said.  “You have no idea how hard it is to find a place you have never been—”
“Unfortunately, it won’t do you any good to know the way,” the panther said. 
“What do you mean?” asked Bomani.
“Tell him, tell him,” said the crazy panther speaking in an erratic hysteria. “Oh! This is going to be great!”  Then he answered himself.  “I know I know, It’s going to be great, hurry, hurry, lets go, no more talking, let’s just do it already!”
Farra raised her hand.  “Um, I know I’m supposed to be scared, but right now, I’m just really confused.”
“This is the Soulless Glade, occupied only by us. I am Onoc, leader of the condemned panthers. This is our home, and our prison.”
“It’s not a glade,” replied a confused Farra.  “There isn’t even any grass here.” 
“Oh, it used to be,” Onoc replied.  
“But it’s not now, so why call it a glade?”
“In time, little girl, some things change, some things do not.  Much has changed in the land.  The name has not.  This very spot used to be an oasis when we were first put here.  Hunger has led us to eat everything in sight, even the grass and the trees.  But we much prefer meat, which is unfortunate for you.”
“Why?”
“Because, we are still very, very hungry.  I don’t think you will be leaving here alive,” the panther said.  
Two of the panthers crept toward the children.  “Here we go, here we go, here we go!”  said the insane one.
 The two panthers pounced toward them.  Bomani threw up his shield instantly.   He jabbed the first panther with his long spear, and then he kicked the other one in the head.  The blow dropped the large cat to the ground, and knocked it out.  Bomani stood firmly on his feet for a moment, shield intact, and prepared to fight as he caught his breath.
“Come on!”  he shouted to Farra.
They ran forward, through the pack and near the odd tree in the center of nowhere.   The panthers passed the children, and once again they blocked their path. 
The children climbed the tree as fast as they could.  It was not a large tree, and mounting it was much easier than they thought it would be. However, small trees lack strength and the weak branch under Bomani began to give way.  Bomani quickly moved closer to the trunk and felt around with his foot for a stronger branch beneath him.  The panthers prowled below, angrily.  
“Rip them down!”  their leader commanded his pack.  One of the panthers mounted the tree, but Bomani reached down with his long spear and pierced him.  Another panther tried to climb up immediately, but he met the same end.  
“This is not good.  Not good at all,” Farra cried out, “Moon Glow!” 
She poked out her staff as she yelled out the short incantation, but only blinded the cats near them.
“I guess it works much better during the night,” she concluded.
Pupa jumped out of Farra’s pouch, onto a higher branch and continued to climb toward the top of the tree.  He climbed as high as he could, and when he reached the treetop, he began to howl with all the strength that he could muster.  The children looked at him curiously.  
“What’s he doing?” Bomani asked.
“I don’t know.  Pupa!”  Farra called to him, but Pupa ignored her.  He howled toward the sky like a wolf crying to the moon.  
Below, panthers surrounded them and snarled as they threatened to attack.  The children used their staff and spear to keep them away, and then suddenly Farra’s branch went limp.  She fell and landed in the middle of the pack.  Instinctively, Bomani jumped down to protect the young sorceress, practically landing on top of her.  He moved so quickly, his shield got caught on a branch and it came off of his arm.
“I am Bomani, son of King Jumbe of Ulfame, you will have to defeat me to get to her!”  he cried out. 
“That is exactly what we plan to do,” their poised leader agreed.  
Bomani reached into his pouch to grab a rune.  Just as he felt it in his hand, another panther lunged at him.  He dropped the rune and raised his spear in time to jab the panther, mortally, straight through his chest.  The skewered animal hit the ground leaving Bomani without weapon or shield.
He quickly reached down to grab the rune from the ground, but before he could get to it, another panther lunged toward him, his sharp claws leading the way and ferocious teeth not far behind.  Bomani could have swiftly jumped out of the way, but Farra was just behind him, and he stood his ground to protect her.  He threw up his arms to shield himself, as he was certain to be ravaged by the panther’s sharp teeth and claws.  He closed his eyes and braced himself for the worse.   An urgent frenzy of snarls and growls erupted, so he opened his eyes and saw more than a dozen large wolves combating the panthers in an urgent frenzy of snarls, fur, and growls. 
Bomani helped Farra up, recovered his shield, and backed into her, pressing her against the tree so that he could cover her, as they watched the flurry of teeth and claws.  Before them seemed to be a heaven-sent confusion of beast against beast, leaving them safe.  The wolves outnumbered the panthers, and when the bloody battle was over, the few panthers that remained scampered off, back into hiding. 
“Pupa called the wolves!”  Farra shouted, as she came to the realization.  “And you said that he wouldn’t be able to help us in our journey,” Farra reminded Bomani.
“Well—”
“You said that he was just a baby.”
“But—” 
“To think that you didn’t even like Pupa,” she continued. 
“I never said that I didn’t like him,” Bomani said as he pulled out his spear from the wounded panther. 
The mark on Farra’s face radiated with light as it lengthened.  She looked at Pupa’s mark for confirmation.
“Good job Pupa, I didn’t know you could do that,” she scratched the pup behind his ears, affectionately.
The wolves walked over to Pupa and greeted him by nuzzling their heads against him and licking.  Farra thanked them with warm hugs and Bomani looked on in amazement. 
“I’m an Anifem.  We have a kinship with wolves.  Come on.   Don’t be afraid.”   The mood had now shifted to a warm joyous occasion.
“Thank you,” Bomani said to the uncommonly perceptive and loyal pack. “Do you talk too?”   
He was only answered by a short wolf’s call.  
“No matter,” he said and joined in on the animal praise, rubbing and patting the wolves in gratitude. 
Farra gasped, “That’s the first time I’ve heard you thank anyone for anything.  Are you sure you are alright?”
“Hey, don’t make a big deal out of it.  Okay?”  He looked at her playfully, then he surveyed the glade, always trying to stay two steps ahead.  There were no panthers in sight, and he decided promptly that it was time for them to move on. 
“We should get out of here.  We need to leave this place,” he said. 
Once out of the glade, the full strength of the sun’s heat returned. It would be easy for them to remember this place on their return home and circumvent it altogether.  They moved on cautiously with the wolves by their sides for hours before they finally parted.



Onoc and the remaining panthers hid in the shadows and watched as the children and the wolves left.  The panthers were disappointed.  Their stomachs growled angrily as they watched their meal slip away from them.  They had no idea when another feast would happen in their realm.  It could be weeks — years!  Until then, they would just have to endure the hunger pains from which there seemed to be no relief in this lifeless desert.  They sat quietly, nursing the pains of their wounds and looking at their dead, fallen comrades. By morning their wounds would be healed, and those that were dead would be living again. They would continue living to suffer the hell to which they were banished.  Their grief was for themselves, and the rest of the damned who lived eternally imprisoned in the Soulless Glade.


Chapter 20
 THE BONE YARD


Traveling by foot was taking its toll on the children and the little blue pup that followed.  Bomani was a warrior; the hard leather-like bottoms of his feet were supposed to be tough enough to endure hard conditions. Warriors in Ufalme trained barefoot most of the time.  So taking this long trek in a nice pair of sandals should have been a piece of cake for him.  On the contrary, part of him was so annoyed by the pounding pain of each step that he wanted to complain out about it.  
Of course, he could not do so.  Especially since poor Farra had not yet broken down and complained, herself.  The Animen people did not do the rigorous walking in their bare feet like the warriors from Ufalme.  They seldom went on long journeys.    Bomani had seen the blisters on Farra’s feet, but she had not uttered a single complaint.
It had been two days since they encountered Onoc and the Panthers.  The terrain flattened and they found themselves in a dry wilderness of nothing but dirt and sun for miles on end.  Finding water was proving to be difficult.  Bomani found a few pulu plants along the way.  He showed Farra how to carefully pull them out of the ground so that they could suck the water out of the swollen sacks of the roots.  
There were not many pulu plants around, nor did they feel as if they had the time to search for them.  Bomani insisted on keeping a brisk pace to stay ahead of the Ogres.  Something inside him told him that they were still being followed and that time was not on their side. 
They walked a quick pace, breathing heavily through their nostrils trying to let their hearts and lungs keep up with their bodies.  Their shoulder straps bothered them from time to time so they switched the strap from one shoulder to the other, trying to give each one a break.
Their brown skin, many shades darker now, only gave them so much protection from the sun’s continuous rays, drawing a very fine line between toughening and damaging their skin.  
What bothered them most of all where the mosquitoes that picked at them mile after mile.  Smacking themselves and swatting became as regular as putting one foot in front of the other.
Bomani looked at Farra and smiled, but she was so focused on moving forward that she did not notice.  He knew that these conditions were eating away at her.  She had been silent for quite some time; it was not like her at all.  She must have been absolutely miserable.  
She’s a warrior, he thought to himself.  He then noticed little Pupa trotting right alongside them. Pupa too.
Then, just as he thought that to himself, Farra said something that he did not expect. “My feet hurt!”  she said sternly.
Bomani chuckled in a sigh of relief. He was glad that he could finally say something about his own aching feet.  
“Heh, mine too, Farra, and they have been for some time.  I don’t know how much more of these mosquitoes I can take, either.” 
They proceeded until came to a cliff and began to negotiate their way down it.  It was slow going for both of them, but they managed to make their way down the side.  Bomani had started the decent before her, and he glanced up to see how she was fairing.   He carefully and constantly searched the rocky wall for footholds and little crevices to stick his hands and feet into for leverage.  He grunted and gasped, shifting between strength and agility, moving his weight to his feet and then betting all of his life on the strength of his arms.  He was strong, a good climber, good at descending as well.  “You doing alright?” he asked her.  He was continually worried about the little sorceress, and at the same time continually impressed by the tasks that she could achieve.  She followed, putting her hands and feet exactly where Bomani had.  What she did not have in size and strength, she made up for in heart, and that part of her reminded him of himself.
“Fine,” she grunted, moving her hand into a small crack and then checking on Pupa who stayed nestled in her pouch. 
They were close to the bottom.  Bomani paused on the rocks at the sound of a low buzzing, and then he felt something brush across his back.  He shifted his shoulders at the odd tingle and discomfort, almost losing his balance.  The buzzing came around again, this time circling to the side of him enough to be seen.  
Bomani let out a loud shriek at a large insect buzzing around him.
 “It’s a bui bui fly,” Farra shouted.  “Don’t let it bite you, it will hurt!”
“I wasn’t planning on it,” he shouted back, now swatting it.  The bui bui flies were big, about two inches wide.  They had eight legs like a spider, and to accompany that characteristic, multiple eyes and fangs.  Their poison was nothing but a mild sedative to humans, so there was no danger there, but it did hurt when they bit, and scaling down the side of a cliff was harder with them buzzing about.  
The bui bui flies have a larva stage, as normal flies do.  The adults like to place their eggs deep inside of meat so that the larvae have plenty of food when they hatch.  Only problem was, they did not care whether that meat was alive or dead.
More of bugs flew around them.   The two moved as fast as their skills would allow them, until Farra was almost bitten and lost her footing on the wall.  She would have fallen right past Bomani had he not reached out and grabbed her. 
“I got you,” he shouted.  “Try to grab on to the wall.”  
But, she was too heavy. His grip slipped from the wall and down they went the remaining yards to the ground.  They did not have much time to ponder their pain.  The bui bui flies were back at them, buzzing loudly, allured by their warm-blooded flesh.  
Bomani and Farra spent the next minute or so on the ground, swatting at more flies.  They smashed some of them against their skin when they landed —killing a bui bui fly like that leaves an awful gooey mess on the skin.
“Are you alright?” Bomani asked.  Farra was too tired, too hurt, and too aggravated to answer.  Just as he spoke, a bui bui fly landed on his bandaged leg and took a bite.  Bomani hardy felt a thing.  Suddenly a light came from his bandage.  Some weird glyphic shone brightly as if someone had written all over his bandages with the sun.  The light only lasted a second, and then faded.  The bug, fell to the ground, dead. 
Both Farra and Bomani looked at the bandages, confused at what they saw, while at the same time swatting at more of the flies. 
“There is something very different about these bandages,” he said.
 They had no time to discuss it.  They had to keep moving if they were to get away from the insects.  They were on open dry, flat, land.  Behind them, the wall that they had just come down; in front of them, an ocean of red dirt that stretched its way to the horizon.  Then Bomani noticed a rock pillar of some sort far ahead of them to the South West. 
A cool breeze met them.  It was the most refreshing thing they had felt in days.  Even better, the wind was powerful enough to overcome the flapping of those pesky flies.  In one swift moment, they were rid of the flies and rid of the heat.  They both stopped in their tracks and bathed in its relief.  
“Doesn’t that feel great?” Bomani said.  “I don’t know if I’ve ever felt a breeze this good before.  C’mon Farra, you have to admit, this feels pretty fantastic. It’s like something my mother used to say, ‘sometimes it’s the simple things.’  She must have been talking about breezes like this.”  Bomani dropped to his knees and closed his eyes.  His mind drifted into nothing but the nurturing wind against his skin.
“Yeah,” she said in a soft dry voice, “feels good.” She was busy checking Pupa for any bite marks that the flies left. Then she stood up and looked toward the structure at the horizon. She put her staff into the ground and looked through the crystal, using it as a lens.
 “What is it?”  Bomani asked, coming out of his trance and to his feet. “What do you see?"
For some reason that Bomani could not tell, Farra was not offering any answers.
 “Well, what
is it?”
She finally spoke in a solemn voice. “The Temple of Wanyama.”  
Bomani could not tell if she was disturbed by the place, or if she was just in a strange mood.  But it was obvious that the chatty little sorceress had become quiet.
“What?  Let me see.  Bomani jumped up and butted his way to get a clear picture through the crystal.  “I don’t see anything.  It’s all blurry.”
“Of course you can’t. Why would you be able to see through my staff?  It only works for me.”
“What is the temple for?”
“Shape-shifters.”
“Well, is it a good thing or a bad thing?”  Bomani now had to drag answers out of her, which he did not like at all.
“I don’t know,” she said, pulling her staff out of the ground.  
“Well should we go, or shouldn’t we?”
“I don’t know.”
“Is it me, or has this breeze turned into a strong wind?” Bomani asked, as he noticed his shield being tugged by a gust.  He was right. The wind was getting stronger.  The nice breeze had slowly escalated and they had not even noticed at first.  The wind blew from directly ahead of them, pushing back towards the cliff.  
“We’d better keep moving, Farra,” he said.  
She nodded, but did not speak.  
In a place so barren, Bomani’s curiosity brought him in the direction of the temple.  He did not even bother to check the compass rune.  Farra was not offering up any answers, and he wanted to know what this place was.  
With each passing minute, the wind grew stronger.  Soon it was not just the elements of the air that they were fighting.  They became nearly blinded by the dirt carried by the current.  Like fine bits of sand, the dirt brushed its way into their faces.  Farra once again picked Pupa up and placed him into her pouch.  Bomani shifted his shield, holding it in front of himself for protection.  
“What about the air rune,” Bomani said.  “Maybe we can use it in the wind.”
“No,” she said.  “It doesn’t feel right.”
“Are you sure?” Bomani asked.
“I said no,” she stated firmly.  “It doesn’t feel right.”
She pulled on her hood and nestled her head as far back into it as she could.  Then she unfolded the flap at the bottom of her hood, which normally came down mid-bicep so that now it reached the middle of her forearms.   
The dirt and sand whipped at their skin.  Bomani grabbed her hand and pulled her close to him as he shielded them both.  In that way, the shield was doing its job, but pushing against the wind with a giant surface proved to be exhausting.  They struggled for over an hour, moving toward the Temple and the shelter they hoped that it would provide.  
It seemed to be toying with them.  At one second Bomani would peek around his shield and guess the distance, and then a few minutes later he would peek again without even noticing a gain.  Still, they kept moving, for they had no other place to go.
“Don’t worry,” Bomani said.  “We’re going to make it.” 
As the winds became more intense, they leaned into it even more, staying on their toes to use the full strength of their legs.  The wind, dirt, and small pieces of rock came at them even harder, giving stinging abrasions to any part of them that was not covered.
The ground, which was flat before, became noticeably bumpy and rugged.  They found themselves feeling around with their feet for proper footing until Bomani’s foot became lodged and he lost his balance all together.  
They both hit the ground and Bomani landed on the skeletal remains of something, of what, he was not sure.  It looked like it could be human.  There just was not enough of it to be sure. 
Farra quickly scurried away from it and over to Bomani who was busy putting his shield back into place to block the wind. 
“It would probably be easier just to crawl from here,” he shouted, trying to keep his voice above the wind.
With his shield held horizontally, they crawled side by side over the land.  Only, as they quickly noticed, this was not just land.  Every foot that they moved forward unveiled another skeleton.   And it was apparent that many of them were human.
The thought had crossed Bomani’s mind that these people were either going to, or coming from the temple.  He kept this thought to himself.  He did not see any use in disturbing Farra any more than he already knew she was.  	
They made their way toward the temple, crawling over rock, dirt, skulls, rib cages, femurs, the bones of the hands, and feet, some of them strong, some of them old and brittle enough to give way with the slightest bit of weight.
Then, even louder than the constant roaring of the winds, they heard something or someone yell from far away.  It sounded like a horrible scream of pain.  They could not tell from what direction it came.  Nor were they sure if it was from man or beast.  They both looked at each other, 	but neither said anything.
They crawled about 150 more yards until through the wind and over skeleton after skeleton, finally, they reached the outside of the temple with battered hands, knees, and skin that looked as if it had been whipped with a broom.  It was worth letting the wind hit them in the face just to get a glimpse of the size and shape of the building.  It was mainly a giant rock pillar that rose to about a hundred feet up.  From where they stood, it looked as if it touched the height of the sky itself.  At the top, the front half figures of animals protruded from the side as if they were jumping out to attack —an eagle, a leopard, and a shark. The statues circled the top of the thick pillar and Bomani could only assume that the other side had animals carved out of it as well.  
At the bottom, the temple was surrounded by a dry moat, the bottom layered by more of the dead.  They moved over a single stone bridge that extended across it, and anxiously entered the building.  The brisk breeze that had given them so much relief before was now a relief to escape. 
They entered the opening of the temple.  It was about 7 ft high, wide enough for any large-sized man to easily make his way through.  The corridor only extended fifteen feet before making a 90-degree right turn.  Then, it reached far enough to escape the ambient sunlight and faded into darkness. 
They turned the corner and were safe from the wind, but they only walked until they were still satisfied with the light bouncing off of the corner wall.
“Here,” Bomani said in the tender way a mother speaks to her child. “This should be good.”
Farra was as quiet as ever.  She put her back against the hard wall and slid down to the ground, wrapping her arms around her knees.  She was shaking, even though it was not cold.  Pupa crawled around her and even he was noticeably distraught.  She picked him up and held him tight. 
Bomani could see the wind abrasions on her face and the trickles of blood painted on her knuckles.  From the way he felt, he figured he might as well be looking in a mirror.  
They had no water. He thought that perhaps he might be able to find some water inside the temple that had not been banished by the sun’s heat.  
“Are you thirsty?”  he asked.  
Farra looked at him, but did not bother to answer.  
“I’m going to go see if there is some water in here.”
As he turned away, Farra grabbed his hand and squeezed tightly. She did not even look at him this time.  Her head looked forward at a blank wall, and she shivered as if she was just pulled out of a freezing lake.  
“Are you cold?”  Bomani asked and took off his cape and placed it around her. “Look Farra, I know you are thirsty, I have to find water.  I’ll be right back, okay?”  
Again, she grabbed at him, begging him to stay by squeeze his hand.  
“Farra, I’m not sure what’s wrong with you.  But I need you to be strong.  Do you hear me?  You need to be strong right now.”
The words fell on her ears like an insult. “I JUST CRAWLED OVER HUNDREDS OF DEAD BODIES!” she yelled.  Her voice traveled down the corridor into the darkness and then echoed back again.  She broke into a soft whimper, “I want to go home.”
Bomani realized that she was tired, battered, bruised, and scared.  He understood why she did not want to move.  He understood that she had gone through so much discomfort that right now she was broken.  She was broken, and he had no idea how to fix her.  
Bomani looked at her for a moment before giving in.  He sat down next to her against the wall and was totally confused as to what to do next. 
Farra’s whimpering had stopped.  No tears had fallen from her face; she was beyond that now.  She leaned over and rested her head on Bomani’s shoulder and fell asleep.  It was at that point that Bomani understood.  He did not need to do anything more.  He felt a wave of pleasure as the small girl lay against him.  It was comforting.  They both need to be comforted.  He felt like a parent and a child all at the same time.  He embraced both these feelings and, before long, he laid his head back on top of hers and he too fell asleep.


Chapter 21
THE SHADOWLIGHT

thought

By the time they awoke, the sun had sunk well below the horizon and was replaced by the strength of the full moon.  Farra woke first.  She couldn’t see it from the corridor, but she could feel the energy from the moon surging beneath her skin.  It certainly helped with the pain that her battered and bruised body felt. 
The man-made cave was dark, so Farra channeled some of her energy through her staff to give a soft glow. When she stood up, she woke Bomani.
 “I’m much better now,” she assured him.  “I’m going to check out the temple.  Wanna come?”
“Yeah.” said Bomani.  “I’m right with you.”
No matter how well they tried to navigate through the tunnels, they found themselves lost.  It was apparently designed that way.  Farra was sure that the main chamber of the temple lay somewhere in the center, and if only they could make their way through this maze on the outer shell, they could find it.
“While you warriors spend all your time swinging weapons and trying to toughen each other up, the Anifem insist on making us learn.”
Bomani shrugged. “So what is this place?”
“I don’t know a lot,” she replied, “I’m still young, and I have a lot to learn.  I do remember my father speaking to me about it, and talking about the power of shape shifters.”
“Shape shifters?”  Bomani asked.
“Yes, people that can change themselves into animals, probably like the ones that are at the top of the temple.  I remember him saying that controlling the power of the shape shifters was like having ultimate power.  Somehow, my people are descendants, or cousins, or descendants of cousins or something like that. That’s pretty much all I know.”
“So wait a minute?  You are one of these people?”
“No, we’re not shape shifters, but we do have a bond with animals, as you know. There isn’t a lot that is known about the Man-a-morphs.  I think they are all dead.  So, to see this temple is actually a big deal.”
“Well,” Bomani said while coming to an intersection and having no idea which way to go, “It doesn’t seem like we’re ever going to make it inside anyway.  This place is a maze.”
“Yeah, I think we are lost.”  Farra then turned her attention to Pupa who was busy licking the water trickling down the side of the wall.  “Oh! Pupa you found water!”
Farra could already taste the water and feel its wetness on her tongue before it even reached her mouth. They rushed to the wall and put their hands up to the small trickle of water to capture a much as they could.
It was more like rubbing the wall, getting their fingers wet, and then licking their fingers than drinking, but it served its purpose.  They had not had a thing to drink for almost a day.  The hot sun and the windstorm had left them parched.
“If it is water you are looking for, I can provide you with much more than that crack in the wall has to offer,” a deep, horrid voice came from behind them.  
Farra turned and held her staff up to give this voice some light, and screamed. “Stinky ogres!”
They could only see one, but if there was one thing they knew about ogres, it was that if there was one ogre, there were twenty more right behind him; though this one looked strangely different. 
They did not wait for him to attack.  These tight corridors were no place to be bombarded by a pack of ogres.  There was not much room for swinging or maneuvering.
“Go!” Bomani yelled out.
Farra was already on her way down the hallway.  Bomani followed, and with the light from Farra’s staff in front of them, they could not see how far behind them the ogres were.  The light stretched out a foot or so behind Bomani, and then faded to black.  That did not stop them from frequently looking behind themselves in a panic for any hint of the beasts.
“No, this way,” Bomani told her, which seemed to be the short conversation they had at every decision making intersection. They rounded a corner and stopped in front of something hovering in the air in front of them.  It was like liquid, suspended in midair.  Where the light from Farra’s staff reached its surface, it was black.  Where it fell into shadow, it was wondrous shining silver.  The thing moved in waves as water does.  It was five feet long and over a half foot wide.  This watery black and silver thing came to a point at the end and as Farra and Bomani stood in front of it, it seemed to be looking at him.
With a look, they both agreed to go back the other way.  	They ran past their last intersection just in time for one of the ogres to grab Farra from around the corner.  He had just barely got a hold on her, so with a few seconds of struggle she was free.  
“Wait,” the ogre said. 
But the words might as well have fallen on deaf ears, for the children continued to run the maze.  They could hear the footsteps of the ogres behind them this time.  Farra’s heart was pounding faster than her legs were moving.  She channeled more energy into to brighten the hallway.  
Behind them, in the dark they could see the liquid metal snake flowing through the air, pursuing their every turn.  
“Faster,” Farra yelled.  Suddenly they reached a point where even faster would have done them no good.  They had reached a dead end.  
They had nowhere to go.  Farra hit the wall and turned around, then Bomani did the same, behind her.  The thing came closer now.  It slowed its pace.  It made the strangest hissing sound, like a snake under water.   
As it came into Farra’s light, the silver turned to black liquid.  Bomani lifted his shield and grabbed his spear.   He thrust his spear at the thing.   The tip entered the black exterior as easily as it would any liquid and when he pulled his spear back, the thing was unaffected.
Then, like a snake, it drew its head back and lunged toward them.  Bomani raised his shield, putting a barrier between the thing and them.  Quickly, he learned that barriers, or solids of any kind, meant nothing to this liquid-beast.   
It penetrated his shield with no effort.  Bomani flinched and turned his head.  No closer than half a foot in front of Bomani’s face, the thing stopped and thrashed around.  Something was holding it back, and it did not seem to like it.  
It jumped back, taking Bomani’s shield with it.  The ogre they had seen before was holding the thing by the tail, pulling it back.  The thing thrashed from side to side until Bomani’s shield fell to the ground.
“The light,” the ogre yelled.  “Turn off the light.  It won’t stop as long as you keep the light on.”
Farra thought it was odd they the ogre was trying to help them.  He was holding the liquid thing, keeping it from getting to them.  For a second, it made since to listen to the ogre. 
She turned off the light.  The black monster immediately turned its black color to shiny metal chrome, now emitting its own light. It was bright enough to see the ogre still handling it, struggling to pull it back further and further. 
“Go!” The ogre said, as he pulled the thing back past the last intersection of hallways, struggling all the while.  The thing was no longer intent on moving toward the children.  It had wrapped itself around the ogre like a python trying to kill its prey.
Farra and Bomani moved forward, toward the intersection.  Farra once again channeled some energy to her staff for just a small hint of light – moving around in the dark was hard, and frightening for that matter.  All she wanted to do was find that intersection so that they could dart down another hallway for their escape.
It was a mistake. As soon as her light came on again, the thing’s attention turned toward it.  It unwrapped itself from around the ogre and headed their way.  Once again the ogre grabbed the thing by the tail and held it back. 
“The light,” he said. “I told you about the light!”
The light went off.  
“Sorry,” Farra yelled back down the hallway, and for some reason felt a sense of embarrassment.  
Bomani and Farra let their free hands feel along the wall until coming to the intersection where they turned. Guessing in the darkness, they let their hands lead the way.
The sound of the struggle between the ogre and the liquid thing echoed throughout the hall.  
“That thing has to be strong to get in a battle of strength with an ogre of that size, and give him that much trouble,” said Bomani.
Then, they heard a familiar cry.   The ogre screamed out in pain and agony.
“We’ve heard that before,” whispered Farra. The terrible feeling she had in the bone yard crept upon her.
“Yeah, when we were outside, I remember,” whispered Bomani.  “What do you think it means?”
“Maybe he’s dead.”
It seemed possible, for when the screaming stopped, Farra could no longer hear anything. They stopped and listened even harder, but there was no sign of the liquid thing, and no sign of the ogre.  
They sat for about 15 minutes in the dark trying to figure out their next move.  Then, ahead of them she saw the liquid thing, silver and shinning in the dark, heading their way.  
“It’s back,” Bomani whispered, “We should go.”
“No.”  A hand grabbed Farra from behind, followed by a voice.  “Stay here, keep quiet.  And please, keep that light of yours off.”
The ogre gave the command, wrapped his arms around them, and held them still.
“Watch your breathing,” he said. “Here it comes.”
The thing came toward them slowly down the dark hallway, like a snake of mercury, and making that agitating underwater hissing sound.  Farra’s heart thumped harder and faster with every moment.  Part of her wanted to give the ogre a quick elbow in the side and break free.  Fortunately, the smarter half of her kept her calm.  She stayed still and let it get closer.  
Then, about five yards from the group, at another intersection, the thing paused, making its decision about which way to go next.  Farra’s eyes widened.  If the thing came to them, what was the ogre planning to do?  Luckily it turned away and headed down a different corridor.
With the thing gone, all light was gone from the hall.  The ogre loosened his grip on the children.  “Follow me if you want to live,” he said.  “Take my hand.”  
In a train of handholding, the three made their way down the hallway.  It only took a few minutes before they reached an open room.  “Wait here,” said the ogre.  A few seconds later, they heard the sound of stone sliding against the floor.   Then, when a torch came on, they saw that they were in an enclosed room.
The ogre must have spent much time in there.  In the corner, there were shelves that had been carved out of the wall.  On them were a mixture of cups and bowls made out of clay.  He grabbed two of the cups and dipped them into what appeared to be a barrel that had been carved right into the wall.  The bed too, was carved into the wall.  On top of the rock there lay an assortment of clothing stacked on top of each other, seemingly to make the bed of rock more comfortable.
“I still don’t trust him,” Bomani whispered to Farra.  She watched him grab his spear.
“What? Bomani don’t do anything stupid.”
He raised his spear and challenged the ogre.  “Who are you?”  Bomani threatened.
“If I wanted you dead, I would have let the shadowlight get you.”
“Shadowlight, is that the thing we saw, the water-looking thing? The one chasing us?” asked Farra. 
“Yes,” said the ogre.
“What did it want?”  she asked.  
“Oh, only to drain your life from you.”
“Kill us?”  she said in fear.
“Yes.”
“My spear.  It went right through it; didn’t hurt it, not one bit,” said Bomani.  
“When it comes to the shadowlight, there isn’t much you can do.  All your weapons and shields will be useless, and the last thing you want it to do is touch you.  Death is not instant.  It will drain you, and then leave.  Your face and skin will turn pale white.  It’s like a poison that takes twenty minutes or so.  Many people have been strong enough to stumble their way outside, but it doesn’t matter.  They all fall within eyesight of the temple.
“You didn’t,” Bomani said.  “You fought the thing.  It touched you. You struggled with it for minutes.”
The ogre handed the children cups.
“Water!” Farra shouted.  “Oh my, I’m so thirsty.”
“I figured as much.  As I tried to tell you when you were busy licking the walls, there is a river that runs underground for about 150 miles or so. It empties out into Death Canyon.  This temple was built right on top of that river.  
“Who comes up with these names?”  Bomani asked shaking his head.  “You still didn’t tell us how the shadow thing didn’t kill you.”
“Shadowlight.  And you’re right,” said the ogre. “I am the exception to the rule.  It cannot harm me.  As far as I know that exception goes for me, and only me.  If I were you, I wouldn’t try and test that. I’ve seen hundreds that have let the shadowlight touch their skin.  Now, all of their bodies lay outside the temple, scavenged by animals, insects, and time.  For some reason, a decade or so ago, there was a rush of people coming to the temple.  So many that a terrible battle was fought on the grounds outside.  Many died in the battle, the remaining, came in here and were killed by the shadowlight.”
“But why you?” asked Farra.  “What makes you different?  Who are you?”
“My name is Torik.”
“Well, Mister Torik, I don’t mean to be rude, but you seem much different than any ogre that we have met before.”
“Ha ha,” Torik chuckled.  “Yes, I would think so.”
“She’s right,” said Bomani. “Are you here alone?  We thought we saw another one, but that was you, wasn’t it.”
“It’s just me and the shadowlight.  Though even living with an enemy, is better than living alone.  Sometimes, we even sit in the same room together.  He’ll hover above me as I sit on the floor and watch him, like watching fire; his shape is constantly rippling and changing.  From time to time, I’ve even reached my hand up and run it along the shadowlight's length.   Are you hungry?”
“Oh yes, please,” said Farra.
“That sounds more like a friendship,” Bomani said.
“Make no mistake, it would kill me if it could, and I, it. You wouldn’t happen to be able to make fire with that staff of yours, would you?”
“No,” Farra replied.  “Why do people think I can make fire?  No, just tell everyone that Farra cannot make fire.”   
Bomani snickered.
“Hey, Bomani, you’re not without faults, let’s not forget who handed who over to you know who.”
“Not fair Farra, I was never going to let him hurt you.”
“Sounds like you two have been through a lot.  Don’t worry, I can start my own fire.”
“Yeah, I guess we have,” Farra said.
He proceeded to strike a couple of fire rocks together and once a fire was started, Torik placed a bowl on top of it.  “You’re in luck.  I usually scavenge off of anything in the bone yard.  Most of them are humans.  Now that would make you cannibals if I fed them to you, wouldn’t it?  But it just so happens that this is strictly the bones of an animal.”
“Hmm, what are you making?” Bomani asked with a fearful curiosity.
“Bones and water boy.  Just bones and water.” 
“Okay okay.  Since you live here, I bet you know your way around.  I bet you could lead us inside the temple,” said Farra.
Torik was busy stirring the soup, mixing the heated parts with the unheated.  He stopped for a minute and glared over his shoulder.  “I could do that.  But I don’t think it would be wise.”
“You mean you won’t? Well that’s not fair.  It’s not fair at all.”
“Fair?” he replied. “It has nothing to do with fair. It has to do with what would be right.”
“I think we are missing the important questions here, Farra,” said Bomani.  “I’ve never seen an ogre by himself.  Nor have I seen one that wasn’t intent on killing or capturing us.  And you don’t talk much like an ogre.”
“Yeah,” Farra added.  “Ogres are kinda dumb.”  As soon as she said it, she understood her insult.  Her thoughtless blurting embarrassed her.  “What I mean is…”
“I know what you mean,” said Torik.  “And no, I’m not like any other ogres. As ogres go, you might say that I am the smartest, somewhat of a unique anomaly.  I suspect that every class of being produces an entity that is different from the rest.”  He gave Bomani a determined glance.  “Perhaps, I am looking at a warrior, though young, he just may be a unique entity that separates him from the rest.  Hatari sensed uniqueness early and quickly promoted me to his general, leader of all his minions.”
“I knew it,” Bomani said, standing and curling up his lip.  “You’re in league with him.”
“You don’t give much promise to someone who just saved your life, gave you clean water, and is willing to feed you, do you boy?  Now sit tight, and don’t interrupt me.  I may be smart, but it doesn’t mean that I don’t have a temper.”
Farra reached out to Bomani and pulled at his arm.  Gesturing for him to come back and sit on the bed. “Let’s just listen to him.”
Bomani nodded, returning to his seat and dropping his guard.  
“Yes, I was part of Hatari’s army.  It seems that I became too smart for my own good.  I began asking questions, giving opinions, questioning orders, things that he didn’t want any of us to do.  I started to question the validity of our race bowing down to him and following his every order as if he were a god.    The others began to think that I was the stupid one, because I had my doubts.  You see, they just followed orders, it didn’t matter what the orders were, it didn’t matter who got killed, or how many.  All that mattered to them was following the orders of their leader; in this case Hatari.”
“So you became an outcast?”  Farra asked.
“Yes, way before I even left the clan.  Things had already been tense, but Hatari kept me around, still as their leader.  Deep down, he valued my opinions, and didn’t want to get rid of me as long as I was serving a good purpose.  After all, he had no council to run his ideas by.  Seeking the power of the Man-a-morphs, that changed everything.” 
 He peered deep into Farra’s eyes as if to warn her.  “Many have come to command the power of the man-a-morphs, and if you are a sorcerer of any kind, you are even more susceptible to the allure.  I’ve seen them, with their staves and their hunger for power, unaware of the hold that the temple had on them; unable to resist its call.  It is that desire to become more than what you are meant to be that will destroy you.”  
“What do you mean destroy?  All I want is to learn more about the temple and to understand its history.”
“As did all those in the bone yard.  Some of them didn’t even make it that far.  I’ve had to dump the bodies from the temple myself —clearing my home.  So many bodies where here before I even arrived. A small few, like myself, and Hatari’s brother, Onoc, did not receive death, but a curse.”
Bomani took a sip of the hot soup and shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  “We have dealt with Onoc; killed many of his clan and left him wounded.”
“Then you were fortunate to survive.  His clan cannot die.  They would have risen again by the next sun.  Cursed by the… the...”  Torik’s discomfort was apparent in his face and body.  His eyes squinted shut, his hands became tense and shaky, his mouth cringed as if he was struggling to fight something, and then he grunted and yelled in agony.
Bomani stood up, grabbing his blade, and Pupa began to bark madly at the ogre.  Farra was confused and scared as they watched the top of Torik’s body shift and bubble.  
Torik dropped his bowl of soup and fell to his knees in obvious pain. Soon; the top half of him resembled a Gorilla.  
Farra and Bomani had heard that scream before.  It was the scream they had heard in the bone yard.  This solemn ogre was a monster.
When his screams stopped, he was bent over, still on his knees –the top of his body, a gorilla, the bottom, still ogre. He was breathing heavily, his body almost doubling in size with every huge breath.  “This is my curse, an uncontrollable shifting halfway from animal to animal.”  He paused and observed the fear he had just put into the children. “There is no warning before it comes. Huh huh huh.” –Gorilla sounds.
“But…what...what about the bottom of you?”  Farra asked, trying her best not to stutter, but the words just would not come out smoothly.
“I told you, I don’t control when or how it happens.  Nor do I choose shape. It is painful for me to hold any shape that the curse hasn’t promoted, and so, I simply give in to what it wants.  Even then, I can only shift half of my body. Hoo huh hoo.”  He grunted, sounding like a gorilla.
“That’s terrible,” cried Farra.
“And this is what happens to those who seek the power of the man-a-morphs without the gods’ approval.  You’re either dead, or you are cursed! Huh haa”
“But there is a way,” Bomani added.  “There is always a way that a curse can be broken.”
Torik’s face dropped into disappointment.  “Only the one can free me from this curse; only he that has been approved by the gods.”  
“How do you know that I’m not the one?”  Farra asked.
Torik snapped toward her and crinkled his eyebrows in anger.  “The one is a true Man-a-morph.  Not some distant descended cousin.  If that’s what you are.”
“With or without you, we are going to get into the temple.  My people have long searched for its secrets.  I would rather you help us.  We have no way of fighting the shadowlight.”
Bomani mounted his shield on his arm and gripped his spear, pointing it at Torik.  “If Farra says she needs to get to the temple, then that is what we are going to do.  YOU will take us there.”
Torik seemed more amused than frightened by the tip of Bomani’s spear, but he agreed to take them where they wanted to go.


Chapter 22
 THE TEMPLE OF WANYAMA
		

With Torik leading the way, it only took minutes for them to enter the temple’s main chamber, and they did not so much as glimpse the shadowlight along the way.  
“Wait here,” again Torik commanded them, and they waited in darkness. 
When the light began to turn up, Farra saw Torik shaking a globe of some milky substance that became brighter and brighter.  The room was huge, a complete circle, at least forty feet across.  Its ceiling extended higher than the room was wide and the walls converged together as they extended upward. The top flattened out to a disc fifteen feet in diameter.  
Around the edges stood five statues of men carved out of the orange-red rock that the temple was made of.  They were just slightly taller than life size, with their hands extended outward and together as if to receive something.  The spaces between statues contained carvings of script and pictures etched into the wall. 
Directly across from each statue of man, at the center, faced a statue of an animal.  These animals, also carved out of rock, were joined at a centerpiece by their hind parts. They mimicked the design of the temple from outside; a leopard, a gorilla, a snake, an eagle, and a shark.  Each of the animals seemed to share the job of holding up one single flat tray of rock on their heads.  
On top of the tray were five spheres about a half a foot in diameter.  One of them was lit; the one Torik had been busy shaking.  The others were black.  Behind each sphere was a hole in the tray, just the right size for a staff, and in the center of all of those was a sixth hole.
Torik had gone ahead and shook up another one of the spheres, and it too began to glow. 
“Wow,” Farra stood in amazement.  She took in all of the visual elements of the place, and wanted to know more. 
“Whoa,” Bomani said.
“I know. It’s fabulous!” Farra replied with exited eyes.  “I have so much to tell my people. Do you turn into all of these animals?”
“At some time or another, yes,” Torik replied.
She pulled off her hood, revealing the piece of jewelry she wore around her head.  	“Where did you get that?”  Torik asked forcefully as he approached her.  
“My father,” she replied.  
He turned away, seeming troubled.	
“What about the shadowlight?” Bomani asked.  Won’t it come?  Won’t it follow the light?”
“Not in this chamber,” Torik replied.  “But if the ritual is started, there will be no stopping it.”
“I want to learn more,” Farra shouted.  She rushed to the walls and looked at the markings, reading the words and studying the pictures.
“Look,” said Torik. “She’s not aware of it, but the temple is calling to the sorcery in her blood, and it is stronger than ever now.” 
“I trust her,” said Bomani, then he turned to Farra. “What does it say?”
“Sshhh!” she blurted while swatting toward him.  Give me a second.”
 After another minute or so passed, Farra began to shout out, “I can figure it out.  I know how to do it!”  
She rushed to the glowing sphere and grabbed it.  Then she turned and stood on the bench in front of the statue across from it.  She was too small to reach the hands. “Bomani help me.”
“She’s giving in to the temple’s calling,” shouted Torik.  “If you do, it will be the death of both of you!  The ceiling is too high in here.  When the shadowlight comes, he will rise above us and swiftly make his way to you. I won’t be able to stop it.” 
“Farra…are you sure?”  Bomani asked, concerned.
“Before I left my village, the Elders were speaking about me.  I distinctly heard them say one word, ‘TEMPLE.’ I think this is what they were talking about.  They wanted me to come here.”
“Uh, maybe they were hoping you would stay away from here, how can you tell?”
“Bomani, please believe me.  I know what I am doing!”
Bomani went to her and helped her up to the statue. She placed the globe in its hands. “Now, the others,” she said. “Quickly!” 
They went around, shaking the unlit spheres until they were as bright as the others.  They placed them on each of the hands of the statues of men.  The eyes of the statues began to glow. Then symbols began to appear inside of the spheres.
“Now, we just have to switch them around in the right order,” said Farra.  She ran around and with Bomani’s help they switched the globes around to different places.
At the top of the room, the centerpiece opened to the sky, revealing the full moon, and they began to hear a mystical hum, all around them.
Farra grabbed her staff, and went toward the center of the room. 
“Many sorcerers have tried,” Torik said.  “Many who weren’t sorcerers have tried as well, digging up sorcerer graves and stealing their staves to perform the ritual.  All have died.”
“I know what I’m doing,” she said.  “All of these holes are for staves, each one behind an animal to receive that power.  But this one in the middle is different.  I don’t seek the power of the man-a-morph, I seek knowledge.”
Before she could place the staff, Torik grabbed her hand. “Knowledge is power,” replied Torik.  “In all of those that I have seen come and die, I have only seen seven Animen besides you.  One of them wore a charm resembling that one around your head.  I fought a mighty battle with him before I could convince him that I wasn’t a threat.  He and his wolf were both strong and powerful, emanating their mighty red color.  Haa haa hoo” – Gorilla sounds.  “He came searching for the temple.  He came because he wanted the power of the shape shifters.  I tried to warn him as well, as I have done all the others.  Very few have had the will to let it go.  His name was Juran.  Hoo hoo.”
Farra gasped, frozen in her tracks.  “That...was…my father’s name.  You mean that all those years ago, this is where he came?  This is what happened to him?”  She broke into a solemn cry.  
“Yes,” said Torik.  “When I saw your charm, I feared that it was someone that you knew —someone close to you.  The one he wore was identical.  Your father’s life was drained by the shadowlight. He and his wolf were strong enough to make it outside the temple, but I’m sorry to say that if you search hard enough, you will find that charm out there in the bone yard.”
“My father was here?”  she repeated to herself, staring at the light in the eyes of the statue and at the spheres.
“Think carefully about what you are doing child.  Your father was given the same warning, but he couldn’t resist.  Being a descended cousin did nothing for him.”
“Maybe he is right,” said Bomani. “Perhaps we should leave while we still can.  I made a decision before and I almost lost you to Hatari because of it.  I don’t know what is going to happen with this thing, but I don’t want to lose you again.			
Farra dropped to her knees, crying and letting her staff hit the floor.  She searched inside herself for what to do.  For a sorcerer, knowledge was everything, especially that of magic.  
“C’mon, Farra, let’s go.”  Bomani continued.
Farra grabbed her staff and stood up.  “C’mon Pupa,” she said, ignoring the tears that were falling from her eyes.  She could feel the blood moving though her veins as she took powerful breaths, but this was nothing new for her during a full moon.  
She paused and looked up at the moon.  Of all the places it could be, it was there centered at the top of the temple in the night sky.  It was beautiful; she admired the glow of the white surface, and every grayish shade of its seas.
She was, a child of the moon, it filled her with its energy, and it was a lovely coincidence that it just happened to be full, on this night.  Or was it?
“I have to do this,” she said to herself, and without any more hesitation she raised her staff up and jammed it into place.
“Noooo!”  Torik shouted. 
Bomani called to her, “Farra!”
She held on to the staff tightly.  Whatever happened, she wasn’t going to let go until it was over.  If this was another test, she was NOT going to fail it.
The sound of the humming spheres grew louder.  The eyes of the statues shot continuous white energy beams into the shining globes.  Then the spheres shot their continuous beams into the crystal of her staff.  
A few moments passed as all these lights became brighter, and the entire chamber began to rumble.  Soon, all the energy that was gathered by the staff shot straight up and out of the top of the temple in the night sky directly to the moon.  Farra continued to hold on.
Then the shadowlight quickly entered the room.  With all of the light in the chamber, it was as black as ever.  It circled around above their heads.  
“Let go, Farra,” yelled Bomani, but Farra did not let go.  
The shadowlight swooped down, just barely missing Bomani, and then it zoomed back up again.  It traveled around the room like a black ghost, swooping down again, nearly hitting Farra.  She dodged it, but still, she did not let go.  
The lights continued to become brighter and brighter with each passing moment.  In a flash, the light became blinding and a mighty wind swooped into the temple with enough power to knock everyone to the floor including the half-aped ogre.  Farra had no choice, the wind was too strong, and she had to let go.
When they hit the floor, the lights dimmed to nothing.  The only light in the room was the shadowlight, shining its watery silver.  Before Torik could get onto his feet, the shadowlight swooped down and connected to Farra, penetrating her chest.  
“Farra, nooooo,” Bomani yelled and rushed toward her.
“Get back!” Torik yelled.  He rushed to grab Bomani and threw him to the ground.  He then went to the shadowlight and reached out to grab it.  His arms went straight though it just as Bomani’s spear had done back in the corridor. He tried and tried, but Torik could not pull the thing from Farra’s chest.
“This has never happened before.  I can’t grab it,” Torik shouted.  
“We have to save her!”  Bomani shouted, then again ran to her body lying on the ground.  
“It’s too late, the shadowlight has her, Hoo huh. Get out while you still can! Hoo Hoo Haa Haa” Torik pleaded.  He grabbed Bomani and raced him across the room.   Bomani struggled with him until both of them fell to the ground.
The shadowlight began to change. A hint of blue swirled within it.  Its waves rippled even more and soon the whole thing changed to a beautiful glowing ocean blue.  It pulled itself from Farra’s chest as the spheres once again began to light up the room to a normal level.  The shadowlight rose above Farra, hovering horizontal, in line with her body.  It rose up even higher until, in one swift second, it fell, splashing upon her as normal water would.  
Farra lay there motionless.  Pupa ran to her, frantically licking at her face, hoping to get a response.  She sat up coughing, forcing the water out of her lungs.  
Quickly Torik and Bomani came to her.  
“Are you okay?”  Bomani asked.
“Perhaps I was wrong,” said Torik.
“Your body,” said Bomani noticing that Torik had returned to his ogre form. “It’s back to normal.  The curse, it’s been lifted?”
Torik clenched his fists together and squinted.  He let out a scream of pain as the top half of his body turned into a leopard.  He leaned over until his front two legs were on the floor.  “No,” he said. “Grrrrrr.  It’s still half of a shift, and it’s painful to keep this form.  I don’t understand, if she didn’t die, then she must be the one.  I have never seen the shadowlight turn to water before.”  He let out a scream as he let his body return to normal and stood up again.
Farra looked as if she had no idea what had just happened.  Then, she started to stand.  Bomani and Torik each tried to help her, but she felt strong, and stood without their aid.  “No,” she said.  “I am not the one.”
There was a calm that swept her face. “My father.  I’m not sure if I understand it, but it was as if a small part of him was left behind in the shadowlight.  It wasn’t him, more like just his last thoughts as it took him.  He was thinking of me.”
“The shadowlight absorbs the life-force,” said Torik.  “In that last moment it must have absorbed his thoughts.”
“What was he thinking?” asked Bomani.
“That he loved me.  That’s all that I got, but that was enough.  The rest was knowledge of the shape shifters.”
“The power of the man-a-morphs, was it given to you?” Torik asked.
“The temple did not give me the power of the shape shifters.  Although it had been waiting for me to tell me what it wanted me to know.  Now, I know what I must do.”
“What do you mean?”  Bomani asked.
“The man-a-morphs are not extinct,” she continued. “Five remain, hidden. There is one left for each clan of animal.  Throughout Madunia there are five temples, one for each.  This is the sixth, the common temple. The shadowlight protects the secrets and punishes those who seek the power of the man-a-morphs without the gods’ consent.  It can travel to each of the temples through this centerpiece.
“Well, what did you mean; you know what you must do?”  asked Bomani.
Farra walked over and grabbed her staff from its place in the centerpiece and turned to him. 
“I have to find them.


Chapter 23
 MIGHTY WINGS
	

They slept in Torik’s room that night.  He had gone out to one of the other personal quarters throughout the maze of the temple and brought back a pile of leather and clothing with which he made beds for him and Bomani on the floor.  He gave Farra his own.
He was a valiant host.  Before sunrise, he went out into the bone yard to get food.  He caught a vulture searching the yard for small pieces of meat that had been over-looked by those before him.  He got as close as he could to it. 
The vulture walked along the bones, pecking and pulling at any tiny bits that he thought were savory enough to eat.  Torik picked up a bone that lay right next to his feet and slowly walked toward his prey.  With a strong flick of the wrist, he whipped the bone through the air, hitting the vulture on his first try.  
He ran quickly to the injured animal and before it could recover, grabbed it, and snapped its neck.  This will be a fine breakfast for them, he thought to himself.  This meat will be good energy for those kids.  
He brought his catch back into the temple. Walking through the dark hallway, he wondered if he would see the shadowlight along the way.  Was it really gone?  
He managed to get the meat cooking before the children awoke.  The aroma woke Pupa.  He trotted down from the bed Farra and he slept on and anxiously wagged his tail, begging for a piece.  
“Here you go,” Torik tossed a small piece to him.  Pupa caught it before it hit the floor.  
Then the pain started for Torik.  His body was shifting again.  He tightened his body to prepare for the pain and yelled loudly as usual when the shifting began.  When it was done, he opened his eyes and saw Bomani and Farra staring up at him.
This time the top half of his body was a large eagle.  His arms were suddenly wings and he was covered in large brown feathers.  “Morning.” he said, and then he began to laugh.  
Bomani was startled and confused, and he tried to follow with a dry chuckle.  “Heh Heh, what’s so funny?”
“I got up early,” Torik said.  …To make you some breakfast.  There is some hearty meat in this soup, cooking.”  Then he started laughing again.
“Uh, I’m not sure that I get it,” Bomani said.
“It’s a good thing I finished in time, ha ha ha.”  Then Torik stretched his huge wings as far as the room would allow. “I’m not much use for cooking with these wings.  Ha ha ha. Squawk!”
Bomani and Farra joined in on his laughter.  “Don’t worry,” said Bomani.  “We’ll finish up!  Ha ha ha.”
After they ate, Torik lead the way through the tunnels.  This time Farra channeled some energy through her staff to give them some light. “Do you think it has really gone?”  Farra asked.
“I don’t know,” Torik replied.  “That is one of the reasons why I cannot go with you.  I must find out.  I must be sure.”
“Just doesn’t seem right,” she added, “that you have to stay here all by yourself.”
“Yeah,” Bomani said.  “We could use someone with your strength.”  
They were now rounding the last corner.  They could see the rays of the brilliant morning light entering the temple.  
“Half a shape shifter won’t do you any good,” Torik said. “Besides, there is no place for me out there.  I am considered a traitor to my people.  Everyone else will fear me for being an ogre, and I must know for sure whether or not the shadowlight is gone for good.  No, I will stay here and wait for the one that can break this curse.”  
They exited the temple, shielding their eyes from the sunlight. Torik was still in his half eagle form.  “If you find him, he will come.”
Farra reached out and hugged the beast, burying her face in feathers on his chest.  He wrapped his huge wings around her.  “You’re not smart for an ogre,” she said.  “You’re smart for any man.” 
“And you, Farra, are no doubt a unique anomaly amongst your people.”   
“We will see you again,” Bomani said, nodding his head and giving Torik a look of admiration.  “I’m sure of it.”  
As they walked away, Bomani looked back and Torik stood in front of the temple, stretching his wings out as far as they could go.  Was he boasting, showing off his grand wings beside the temple?  Or was he just feeling the breeze as it rushed across his feathers?  Farra was not sure, but she enjoyed the sight. 
The compass rune pointed the way for them.  Farra couldn’t help but think about her father as they walked across the bone yard.  Part of her wondered which one he was.  She knew part of him was out there and if she only took the time to look, she might find him, but she didn’t.  She didn’t mention it to Bomani, but wondered if he was thinking the same thing. 


Chapter 24
 GOLDEN WINGS


air

The ogres would have to answer to Hatari and face his wrath if they returned empty handed. They refused to give up their search.  On the night when the moon was full, the ogres split up in several small groups to search the Forbidden Expanse.  One group discovered a peculiar light off in the distance, shooting into the sky, and they followed it. They marched toward the area where the light was seen –The Temple of Wanyama.  Finally, they had a bearing.  They spent the next day searching, tracking and sniffing until by nightfall they happened upon the children’s footprints.  


The children slept nestled in a trough in one of the Red Hills.  They trekked south across the hundreds of these small hills of red dirt before taking.
Pupa was the first to be awakened by the ogres' stench.  They had the advantage of being down wind. He growled, in the direction where the ogres approached. Somehow, in the midst of all of that, Farra understood him.  She’d been feeling their merger as the days continued on; her bond with the pup was getting stronger.



The horde of ogres moved into the freshly abandoned camp; the wood from the campfire that kept children warm during the cold desert night was still warm.  The brutes picked up speed in pursuit and gained. 


 
A barrage of arrows darted toward the children as they ran.  Bomani turned to block them with his shield, but in the night it was difficult for him to see where the arrows were coming from.  Out of nowhere, it seemed, a miscellaneous arrow pierced Bomani’s back and penetrated his shoulder.  The impact knocked him to the ground, and the pain made him wince in agony as the crude weapon ripped into his flesh.  In spite of the shock from it, Bomani righted himself swiftly and rolled back onto his feet.  
“Oh, Bomani, you've been hit,” Farra cried.  She began to run toward him but he stopped her.
“Keep going.  Keep going!”  He commanded her.   His voice broke as the pain of the wound bore down on him.  She helped him up anyway.  They reached a steep cliff that dropped suddenly.  The sharp slope was rugged enough to give them the purchase they needed to hold onto as they went down.  
Farra descended easily, but Bomani looked like he would fall at any moment, then Farra stopped again. 
“Can you make it down?” Farra yelled.
“I’m not sure,” he replied.  “Something is wrong.  Everything is getting blurry.  I can’t hold on.”
“But the arrow in your back…!”
“I know — just keep going,” Bomani insisted with a look of terrible pain on his face.
 “I’ll get it out soon,” Bomani panted as they reached the ground.  “But they’re still coming.”
“What’s wrong with you?  You can barely move?”
“I don’t know. Something’s wrong.  I’m feeling very dizzy...and weak.”
 “Come on,” said Farra, “There’s an opening in the side of the cliff.  We can hide there.  Help me move this boulder.  We can use it to block the hole.” 
It was obvious that Bomani was in no condition to move the rock.  Instead Farra grabbed hold of him and helped him inside the hollow.  She put all of her strength against the top of the boulder to get it to roll.  Even little Pupa did his best to help by pressing his little body up against it.  Soon, the red boulder gave way, and rolled halfway over.  It would not budge any further.  
The boulder had moved enough to leave a small opening for them to climb inside. They lay in the dark hole as quietly and still as possible.  Farra held her breath, hoping that Pupa would not bark at the ogres when they came. 
The ogres dropped down from the cliff, one by one.  They stood in front of the huge boulder where the children hid and scanned the field.  Farra watched them through the crack, hoping that it was too dark inside the hole for the ogres to see them.  To her relief, the ogres headed in the opposite direction of the opening.  
And then, just as the ogres started off to cross the field, one of the ogres stayed behind and yelled, “Wait!”  
All the ogres turned around and one of them asked, “What the problem?”  
“Where dey go?”  said the first ogre.
“Don’t know.  Maybe they run out over there.”  
Farra Bomani could see the ogre’s thick, stubby finger as he pointed towards the fields.  The first ogre looked around also.  They all looked below and around and beyond the base of the cliff. They all ended up staring back toward the place where they had landed, in front of the opening. 
The inquisitive ogre walked slightly past the boulder and stood in front of the opening where the children hid.  Pupa began to scuffle as the ogre approached.  The children could see his large, hairy arm dangle before them.  Farra immediately grabbed Pupa back and whispered to him to keep quiet.
“Hmmm, if they go that-a-way,” the ogre said, pointing toward the field, “We still see them.  No more hills dat way.  Me don’t think they can run that fast.”
“Well, that the only way to go.”
“Okay, we go that way.  Hurry.  Must catch dem kids.”
Just as the ogres headed off again, Bomani let out a loud grunt. 
“Shush, Bomani, I think they heard you.”
“It hurts,” he hissed. 
The leader walked over to the opening and looked at the boulder in front of it oddly.  He looked at the crack between the boulder and the hollow wall, and then he studied it again.  All of the other ogres stood quietly and patiently, allowing their curious mate to solve this riddle.  The other ogres came close behind him, waiting to hear or see what he thought he found.
“Bomani,” Farra whispered as she watched the ogre get closer to the hole, “Do you think you can run now?” 
“Yes, I think so.” 
The ogre came closer.  He looked past the boulder, sniffing the area like an animal would and then peered into the hole.  His nose told him what his eyes could not; something was there.  He placed his hands on the boulder and with one quick movement he tossed it out of the way.  As soon as they were exposed, Farra shouted, “Moon Glow! Come on Bomani!  Run!”
She shot that agonizing beam of light at the ogres, blinding them.  Then she helped Bomani out of the hole.  While the ogre’s were stunned, the children ran as fast as they could into the open field.  Very quickly Bomani began to lag behind, dragging his feet.
 “Bomani? Are you okay?”  Farra asked softly.  She could see the arrow in his shoulder blade and she knew that he couldn’t possibly be well.  
“I know that you’re hurting, but we have to keep going,” she began to encourage him.  
But as she said this, Bomani fell to the ground.  He lay on his stomach panting; his lungs were trying to grasp the air around him.  
Farra now saw what was the problem was.  When she kneeled knelt down to aid him, and made her staff glow.  The skin around the wound had turned black, blue and green. Tributaries of black veins on his skin sprouted from the wounded area.
“A poisoned arrow!” Farra declared  “Oh Bomani, no wonder you can’t breath.  You’ve been poisoned.” 
“Well, that explains it.” Bomani’s eyes rolled back as his eyes closed, and he fell feverishly in and out of consciousness.  She didn’t know what to do.  She was not skilled in medicine as were many of the other Anifems of her village. 
Bomani managed to get one final command out, “You go. Leave me.” 
“No, never give up without a fight, remember?”  she yelled to him.  
“Okay,” he said, but then he lost consciousness altogether.
Farra felt helpless and did not know what to do, but she was not going to leave him —that much she knew.  She sat on the ground and cradled Bomani in her arms, hoping and wishing that somehow he would awaken.   
The stinky ogres circled them completely.  They growled at Farra angrily.  Their hideous faces looked huge and monstrous under the flickering light of their torches.  Farra was terrified.  
She reached into her pouch and grabbed the air rune and held it for a second, praying over the jagged, soothing stone as if it were a god.  Maybe, just maybe it could help them.  With that, she tossed it up.  It flew high into the night air and then sparked against the dark sky.  She thought that it would perhaps bring a tornado or a giant gust of wind that would come and knock down all of their foes and whisk them away, but nothing happened.  Farra’s heart sank, and fear rose in place of hope.  
The ogres closed in on the children even more so, and Farra was certain that she would panic, but then by instinct she grabbed her staff and yelled out desperately, “Moon glow!”  
The blinding light from her staff struck the ogres’ vision once again, and once again the stinky ogres that stood around the children were disoriented.  The vision of the ogres that stood behind them was only mildly affected.  Their tempers, however, had been provoked highly, and the ogres closed in on the children angrily. 
Farra held Bomani close.  Pupa nuzzled between Farra and Bomani on her lap.  She could feel his small body trembling against her belly.  As a last resort, she went into Bomani’s pouch and grabbed his space rune.  She did not want to use it yet. Hagga had told her to wait until the end, but she did not know what else to do.   She only had seconds to make her decision.
 As the ogres advanced, she too trembled with fear, and then suddenly she realized that something was lifting her and Bomani up into the air.  Pupa almost fell back to the ground and Farra pulled him up just in time.   As they were being lifted, she looked down and saw the dark forms of the ogres below.  Their torches formed a circle of light that grew smaller and smaller as the children ascended upward into the dark sky.  
Bomani’s body lay limp next to Farra.  His head was still cradled in her lap, when it occurred to her that they had not only been lifted away from the angry ogres, but they had been swept up so gently that she had not realized that they were in the clutches of a large, winged creature.  Farra looked overhead and gasped when she saw the underside of an enormous golden creature with large golden wings that, in spite of its size, flapped through the air soundlessly.  Farra had never seen such a creature.  She had no idea where it was taking her, but for some reason she felt safe. 


Chapter 25
 THE ILL POOL
 

This flight through the night was so calming that Farra’s tired little body dozed in and out of sleep.  They soared over a dark grey rocky terrain that soon gave way to a black petrified forest.  To walk would have been a treacherous journey —twenty miles of dead trees that had given way long ago to minerals and calcification.  What was left was a dangerous forest that was as hard as stone, and the mangled branches that lay about, cracked and broken, left endless points and edges that were razor sharp. More times than not, this was a death sentence to those who trespassed by foot. 
At the center of this dead forest —an oasis of life.  There was a magnificent flourishing forest below them. Upon their arrival, the branches of the trees spread apart, just enough for the large golden creature to make its way through to the ground.  By day the trees spread their branches, laying their leaves end to end to form a thin canopy, just enough to shield the inhabitants from the harsh sun rays, while still keeping mindful to let enough energy through where it was appropriate.  When it was suitable, on a cloudy day, or to see the stars on a clear night, they folded their leaves back in line with the branches.
The trees here were alive.  Their roots dug deeply into the water table for fresh water to drink.  The Mangabangabana who lived in the forest, drank the water straight out of a spouting branch from the trunk of the trees. When the water table became low, the roots traveled under ground to search for more. 
With unspoken words, the trees collaborated with each other, sharing their fruits and creating different kinds of sap to dispense to the Mangabangabana to use medicinally or as refreshment and nourishment.  The trees enjoyed their work in the Manga village. 
Now, in the night, the trees also provided light.  Some of them grew flowers that glowed.  Some had luminous branches, and others had leaves that emitted just the right amount of light.  The trees themselves controlled all illumination for the Manga.


The golden creature swooped through the opening of the trees and into the village, and set the children down gently next to a tree.  The tree grew a moss under them; its hard shell became soft and comfortable.  Farra could feel the comfort in the village.  It was not just the comfortable moss, it was as if she could feel comfort and tranquility flowing through the air; this gave her a sense of hope. 
Farra looked up at the golden creature through distraught glassy eyes, pleadingly, hoping for help.  It towered over her, reaching the height of seven feet, and peered down at Farra with its one eye.  Farra was in a strange and wonderful new place with intriguing new creatures, yet her concern for Bomani did not allow her to soak any of it in.  The only thing that concerned her was her friend.   
“Can you help him?” Farra cried out.  “He’s dying, he’s been poisoned.”
“We will do our best.  That is why I have brought you here, to offer our help.  I am Baina. Our sprites have the gift of healing.  They will do all that is within their power to help your friend.”  
Two more giant winged creatures gently glided over the ground toward Farra and Baina.  One was fluorescent purple, while the other was bright steel blue.  They took hold of Bomani and started to carry him away.  Farra got up abruptly, anxious to accompany them, but Baina quickly glided toward her and held her back.
“I want to go with him.  I want to help!”  Farra pleaded.
“There is nothing for you to do for now,” Baina replied.  “It would be best for you to let our sprites do their work.  I promise you that they will take good care of him and restore his health, but you must not interfere, my child,” Baina said.  She smiled at Farra soothingly.
A small sprite about four inches tall flew over, leaving a brightly colored red trail behind it.  A green sprite and another red one accompanied her.  Baina turned to them.
“Jamila, take special care with this one.  This boy is important,” Baina said intently.
Jamila nodded in affirmation and then she and the other two sprites left to join Bomani.  They flew away swiftly, leaving red and green trails behind them.
Farra was surprised at Baina’s expression of Bomani’s importance. After all, they had just met, and Bomani was unconscious.  How did she know that he was important?  Did she know him?  What was it about him that was so important to her?
“How do you know?” Farra asked.
“Know what?”
“That he is important?”
Baina smiled, “dear child, all living things are important.  But yes, we know a great deal about you and your journey.  We listen to the voice of the wind — the very breath of the land.  The current of nature’s voice carries all that happens.  We Manga can hear that voice, and we listen when the wind speaks.” 
“I’ve never heard the wind speak,” Farra answered.
“That is only because you don’t know how to listen.  My people have been here for ages.  Yes, the wind did speak to me.  It spoke of two moonchildren.  One born under the moon, and one born of it.”
“Bomani and me.  My people are given their power by the moon, and Bomani was born under a full moon.”
“Yes, you see, I was already searching for you when I saw your beacon.”
“Beacon?  Oh you mean the air rune. Those things, heh, they are great, but it's always like, what happened, did it do anything? I was ready to give up.”
“You can’t give up.  No matter how hard a task may seem,  you must always press on.  People who give up are people who fail.”
Farra reached into her pouch and pulled out the space rune. For some reason, she felt the need to confess to this kind and gentle creature.
“Wait, I want to show you something.  I have this,” she said, holding the rune out in the palm of her hand.  “The Shaman told us to use it to get back home once we were finished with our journey.  I should probably use it now — to get us back safely.  It would be so much easier.”  Farra said, dejected.
“Easier, yes,” replied Baina, “But then, who would retrieve the Ifa Scepter?  Prophecy says that it is you.   If you don’t do it, then no one will.”
“But it just gets harder and harder, and now Bomani is dying, and I miss my mother, and she doesn't know where I am, and what if something happens to me, and what if something happens to Pupa, and what if….”
Baina chuckled lightly, interrupting her.
“Life is full of, what ifs.  Ask yourself, what if you succeed?”  


Jamila and the sprites flew throughout the village — each leaving a trail of color behind them.  Moving from tree to tree and from flower to flower, they carried small baskets and carefully gathered pollen and bark flakes.  Jamila flew inside one of the trees and collected a small portion of orange-colored sap.  The other sprites added their ingredients to Jamila’s potion according to her specifications, and she carefully mixed the ingredients together, scrutinizing the tantalizing potion carefully as she stirred it — A recipe for healing.
Bomani lay in a cool, dry hut, hidden in the woods.  The hut blended with tree roots and foliage so well that even an ogre could not happen upon it.  They laid him on a soft bed of woven arachnid silk.  Healing silk, said to have been spun by the legs of invisible silk spinners, descended from Anansi himself. Just as they could listen to the wind, the sprites and the mangas were also able to see these crafty spinners although no other creature could.
Six sprites worked over Bomani inside the hut, and colorful trails swirled over his body as they danced around him like bees, dropping pollen over him.  Jamila took her mixture and rubbed it on the boy’s skin, carefully placed one drop of the potent elixir into his mouth.  Afterwards, four sprites knelt beside him, placed their hands on his body, and closed their eyes. 
Bomani’s skin began to illuminate with a soft glow that traveled carefully along his body. It massaged his arms, his fingers and back until the light became dull and dissipated.  Suddenly his stomach moved as if something inside of it sought to escape.  The entity within seemed to make his midriff rise. 
All of a sudden, a great liquid energy began to appear from his stomach.  The liquid was murky, like dark, frothy, grayish smoke. 
Bomani’s body slowly lowered and lay back down upon the soft bed of silk beneath him; but murky liquid remained — hovering above him for several hours.  Baina eventually brought Farra into the healing hut to see him.
“What is that?” Farra asked, pointing at the murky ball that hovered over Bomani’s resting body. 
“That is all that made him sick.  We call it an ill pool.  Now that we’ve extracted the contaminants and impurities from all of the units in his body, the rest is up to him.”
“Up to him?  What does that mean?”  Farra asked.  
Baina smiled.  
Before she could say anything, Bomani began to stir.  He was a bit disoriented and still a little weak, but he was conscious.  His eyes slowly traveled around the room until they found a familiar sight — Farra.  “Where are we?” he asked.  His voice was low and barely audible.
“Oh, Bomani.  You’re all right!”  Farra cried.  “Are you okay?  You’re all right, aren’t you?”
Farra rushed to Bomani’s side and held him as closely as she could.  She had never squeezed anyone so tightly before.  She quickly released him, “Oh, your wound.  Did I hurt it?”
“No,” he replied.  “I’m alright.”
 “I thought you were gone!” she said. “You got sick, and I couldn’t carry you, and the stinky ogres were coming, and then I had to used the air rune, and then I thought it didn't work and that we were gonna die but then Baina came, this is Baina, and she swooped down and brought us here, but you still wouldn’t wake up, and the sprites have a very magical power, and they saved you!” 
After Farra gave her rendition of what happened, Bomani glanced at the strange creatures that surrounded them and said apologetically, “You’ll have to excuse her.  She gets excited easily.”
“So she should,” Baina replied, “She almost lost you today.  Welcome to the village of the Mangabangabana.  We, the Manga, are honored to be of service to you.”
A weakened Bomani stood up.  Whether he needed it or not, Farra was quick to aid him.	“I am Bomani.  I am on a quest, and I must continue my journey.”
“We know of your quest, and we know what lies ahead of you.  You are young and brave, but do not be so hasty to be on your way.  I suggest that you two stay here until tomorrow; eat, rest, and regain your strength.  You will need all of it to face the Gates of Fear, and the Kitunusi who guards it.
“What’s that? asked Farra.”
“It is a terrible creature.  It thrives on fear.  It turns your fears against you, and in the end it will be your fears that you must face and fight.  If you give in to your fears, they will paralyze you.  Then the Kitunusi will take you, and consume both of you. You must be strong.  Not just in body, but strong in mind as well.  Come.”
Baina led the way out of the hut and they walked through the Manga Village.  As they walked, Farra looked at how the forest was broken into different sections with tangled branches gating each.  It seemed as if Baina willed the branches to move out of her way as she walked through the thicket.  After the branches pulled back and allowed them entry, they once again locked together as if they had never altered or moved.
“Baina,” said Farra.  She was amazed at the natural magical biome that surrounded them.  “How is it that you exist?  I mean, how can you sustain this much life in the Forbidden Expanse?   Where it seems that nothing will grow, you have an entire forest.  How is this possible?”
“We are part of the balance.  Where there is evil, there is good.  Where you might find goodness, you may also find evil as well.  We exist because we respect the forest.  We have for thousands of years.  The forest exists around us because it chooses to.  We do not think of ourselves as being separate from it.  Here, we are all one.”
“Is that why the trees obey you?”  Bomani asked, Baina corrected him, “They do not obey us at all.”
“It seems like they do. Just like those branches.  They moved out of the way for you.”  Bomani insisted. 
“They moved because they wanted to.  If they did not want to move, I could not make them do so.  They choose to provide for us, to make the sap and to bear fruit, just like the twilka berry.”  She gestured out in front of them with her hand.  The brush opened up to a section plentiful with twilka berry trees.  Farra, of course was beside herself.
“Oooh, twilka berries!” she gasped.  Her face lit up in astonishment.  “I didn’t know you had twilka berries.  May we?”  She was anxious to indulge herself.  Both she and Bomani were hungry, it would have been a good feast whether she was a fan of them or not.	
“Of course you may.  That is why I brought you here, child,” said Baina.
Farra ran over to the trees and began picking the delectable fruit.  She stood on the tips of her toes to reach a ripe bunch of berries that was just out of her grasp, and the tree kindly lowered its branch, making for an easy pick.    “Come on Bomani.  Aren’t you hungry?”
Bomani too went over to grab some of the twilka fruit.   Farra sat on a large root that was partially out of the ground and leaned back against the trunk of the tree.  Immediately, the tree grew a soft moss on the root, softening her newfound chair.  She sat comfortably on the root and bit into the twilka berry with no regards for being neat or cute.  All she focused on was that great tingling, juicy flavor, that overwhelmed her tongue and the feeling of satisfaction as it went down her throat and into her stomach.   Bomani gladly followed her lead, for he was just as hungry as she was.  
“What about Pupa?” Farra asked between bites.  “He doesn’t eat fruit.  He is strictly carnivorous.”
“Yes, I know.” Baina responded.  “For him we have something else.  She walked next to Farra as another root took a circular shape.  Inside a strange gooey almost pudding type texture filled the empty hole.” 
“Is that meat?” Farra asked.
Baina chuckled. “He will eat it.”  And sure enough Pupa did, gladly.  “He thanks you,” said Farra with a mouth full of fruit. 
“He is welcome,” said Baina.
Those were the last words spoken.  Bomani, Farra and Pupa gorged themselves until they had had their fill.  Their bellies were so full that they ached to move; so they did not.  They each grew tired and fell into a deep sleep right were they were, as if they were ogres.  It did not matter in the Manga village.  The trees accommodated their comfort, growing softer moss where needed, and meeting the curves of their bodies.  Baina saw no need to wake them.  They were tired, but they were safe. 


The next morning, Baina brought them to a stable that was fenced in the usual way.  As she came to the branches, they receded and a pathway to enter was revealed to them.  After they had crossed, the branches returned, once again completing the barrier.  
“What are they?” Farra asked looking at the strange, but beautiful creatures inside.  Some of them were fully-grown, but off in the corner were five little ones, and they were oh, so cute!
Twilka — A four winged feathered flying animal used for traveling.  An adult twilka is about seven feet in length and about two feet wide. The torso is feather-covered like a bird, but shaped more like a dolphin and when on the ground, its body sits horizontal.  Each of its wings is as thin as its body, and just as long.  Twilkas rarely fly more than four feet off of the ground except to avoid obstacles.  Their power of flight is managed both by their physical attributes, as well as a magical ability to control the airflow around their bodies. 
“These are twilkas,” she said as she rubbed her hand over the top of one’s head.  They will carry you as far as the gate, but no further.  They know the way; it is simply up to you to hold on tight.”
“Twilka?”  Bomani asked. “Like the berries?”  
Farra bashfully smiled in response.  It did seem odd to her though, that a bird would be named after a berry.
“They eat the twilka berries as their main food,” Baina explained. “Sure, you can get the adults to eat something else, but not the young.  They eat twilka berries, and twilka berries alone.  If there are no twilka berries for them to eat, they will starve.”
Farra walked over to one of the animals to pet it.  Its eyes closed as she rubbed its head. “Well, it’s a good thing you have plenty of them around.”  The animal seemed pleased by her affection. “Can I have this one?”
“You can choose anyone you like.  Just remember, once you have reached your destination, they will return here, back to us. I warn you though, these are very fast creatures.  They ride with the speed of a magical wind.”
Bomani walked over to one and it lowered itself to allow him access on to it.  He climbed upon it, adjusting to the odd way the center of gravity shifted under him.  There were no reigns, so he leaned over and gripped his hand tight onto the feathers just behind the animal’s head.
Farra too mounted onto one of the twilka, with Pupa sitting snug in her pouch.  She was surprised at how comfortable and warm the animal was.   She did her best to get a tight hold onto the animal.  
“Take them to the gates of fear!” Baina commanded.  With that, the animals spread their wings.  The children felt a breeze growing around them which became stronger every second.  Soon, the twilkas hovered above the ground with their wings spread wide and pulled their feet in.  Then they slowly turned, facing the same direction.  Suddenly, with one quick sweeping motion, like a swimmer pulling the water behind him in a frog stroke, the wings pulled back in line with the body and the animals were thrust forward, first Farra’s twilka, and then Bomani’s.
The wings did not continue flapping but stayed flush against the twilka’s body.  Like a torpedo, they zoomed out and over the ground., weaving in and out of the trees.   Farra held on tight, making no attempt to guide her twilka.  Although she was a bit frightened, she trusted, and left it up to the animal’s own agility to keep them from crashing into anything at this great speed.  
Soon they exited the Manga village and entered the dangerous Petrified Forest.  The twilkas’ quick movements were really tested among these sharp trees.  Bomani was not frightened but more exhilarated by the experience.  He liked the feeling of zooming two feet off of the ground around, under, and over fallen trees and obstacles.  His twilka’s flight was far more aggressive than Farra’s, rotating its body almost upside-down as it turned. Even at these great speeds, whatever magical force was used to move the air around the birds was also physically pushing Bomani and Farra down onto the animal, keeping them safe from falling off.  
Soon they exited the forest and flew across open land that was flat and covered in an orange, rust-colored dirt as far as their eyes could see. With nothing ahead of them but open land, the twilkas really put on speed.  The children were having the ride of their lives.  It was now a race in which all bodies involved felt the competition. They each urged their twilka on to go faster and faster. 
The twilkas understood the game; they were like missiles speeding over the surface.  As most birds flap their wings to maintain and gain speed, twilkas instead would gain speed by doing a series of dolphin-like motions waving their bodies through the air as if they were in water.  After five to seven of these wave motions, they had enough speed to torpedo for hundreds of yards.
In time, the flat terrain suddenly drew itself up into a large, sharp mountain range. This mountain range was narrow, but spanned beyond site each direction.  It would have been impossible to go over the top of it.  Twilkas were not used to flying at high altitudes. 
A valley stretched across the entire mountain range; a rift between two plates that frequently smoldered with hot, fresh new magma.  There were only two paths across the entire range.  This pathway led to the Gates Of Fear.  The being that guarded it was named The Kitunusi. 


Chapter 26
 THE KITUNUSI



The children riding the twilka approached the entrance to the path with speed.  Suddenly, the twilkas' wings opened wide, which slowed them like huge drag chutes.  Their speed changed first to a slow glide, and then to a halt.  They hovered above the ground until the birds lowered themselves to their feet.  Farra’s twilka let out a high pitched purring sound and bobbed its head.
“Wow,” Farra said.  “I have never moved so fast!” 
“Yeah, fun.  I wouldn’t mind having one of my own.  They’re so much faster than Nas.  Although, Nas can fight when you need him to.  I wonder if they can fight,”
“Why must everything involve a fight with you?”
“Because it’s important.  How many fights have we gotten into already?  And who knows what’s going to happen once we get inside.  It would be great if Nas were here. I miss my rhino” 
“I guess this is as far as they are going,” Farra said, looking at the entrance to the path.  She climbed down from her animal and caressed its head.  “The gates must be through there.”  Farra gestured at the gap between the mountains.  “We’re going to have to walk.”  She reached into her pouch to grab Pupa and put him on the ground.  
Bomani also climbed down from his twilka, “Yeah, looks like there’s only one way to go.  I suppose that you can return to the Manga village,” he said to the bird, patting it on the head.
With the twilkas left behind, Farra and Bomani proceeded forward down the path with caution. Farra walked one step behind him and clutched Bomani’s left arm. 
“I don’t like feeling so trapped,” she said.  “We can only go forward, or back the way we came in.  It’s making me feel nervous.”
“Yeah,” Bomani agreed.  “We just have to trust that this is taking us to the right place.”
The passageway narrowed and ahead of them was a small hut that had just barely come into view.  They stopped for a moment to wonder if this was a good or a bad thing.
“Who do you think lives in the hut?” asked Farra, sounding both curious and frightened.
“I don’t know.  But if this Kitunusi is anywhere near by, probably no one,” replied Bomani. “It’s probably Ragga.”
“Ragga?”
“Heh, yeah.  Hagga and Shagga’s sister.”
“Ha ha that’s great,” Bomani laughed.
They moved on toward the little hut until they heard a voice. “I am the Kitunusi.  This is my passage. You cannot pass.”  This voice was not deep or scary at all.  It did not sound like a monster of any kind, but more like a feeble old man.  And to match the voice perfectly, that is exactly what came out from behind the hut, a man, as old as anyone’s grandfather, or great grandfather.  He did not move too well; his body hunched over, frail from age and was covered in a less than fashionable cloak.  It had holes in it; the side was torn, or wearing to the point that many of the individual threads had widened from the larger part of the cloth.   His slow movement was exactly the kind of shaky careful movement one would expect him to have.
“That is the Kitunusi?”  asked Farra.
Bomani was thinking the same thing. He chuckled lightly, and then spoke loudly and firmly.  “I am Bomani, prince of Uflame, son of King Jumbe.  I demand passage.”
“He doesn’t look so tough, but maybe we should still ask him nicely,” Farra whispered into Bomani’s ear.  
“Demands! The boy demands!” the old man said.
“If you please, sir.  He does not mean to demand.  But we must get across.  It’s really important,” cried Farra.
“Always important.  Always important, people say.  That’s what they say when they need to pass.  What if I said it was important NOT to pass.  Maybe that is important to me!”
“We cannot argue with you old man,” shouted Bomani.  “We will pass by you whether you give us permission or not.”
“You do not have my permission.  To get through the gates of fear you will have to get past me.  It suits me just fine.  I have not eaten in a while.  Perhaps I will have you two for dinner, and eat the rat for dessert.”
“He’s not a rat, he’s a wolf,” Bomani said, defending Pupa’s identity.  
Farra gave him an odd look of surprise.
“I don’t fear old men,” Bomani replied, taking steps forward.	
The Kitunusi watched them get closer and began to make good on his promise.  The old man began to grow.  The startled children watched as the man grew hair, and horns, and his face changed to that of a grotesque demon.  He growled as he continued to grow in size until he was about 25 feet tall.  
Farra shrieked in terror and suddenly, she stopped moving.  “Bomani.  I can’t move.  I’m scared.”
“Can’t move?  What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know.  I can’t move my body!”
“Remember what Baina said,” Bomani replied. “No fear! You can’t be scared.”
“You mean don’t be scared of the giant monster in front of us?  How am I supposed to do that?”
“I told you, you may not pass.”  His voice was different than before, changing along with his appearance; it was deeper, and he snarled with every word.
Bomani tried his best to keep it together.  Okay, now I see, he thought to himself.  He reached for his spear and mounted his shield onto his arm.  “I’m not afraid of you.”
The beast leaned down, roaring viciously at Bomani.  His breath was almost strong enough to knock Bomani over.  Bomani placed his shield firmly in front of himself to defend against it.    For a moment he was almost frightened, which was not an emotion he felt often.  No fear, he chanted to himself.  Everything has a weakness.  He is bigger and stronger than you, but you are better, you can beat him.
Just as he was ready to fight, he heard a familiar voice in the distance. 
“Bomani!” 
He turned behind him to see his father approaching along with some of the Kingdom’s warriors.  “Bomani! Stand back!”
“Father!” He shouted, both happy and confused at his appearance.  He took steps away from the Kitunusi.  “Father, how did you find me?”
His father rushed to him.  “Anu has told me what you have done.  I sent scouts all over the Forbidden Expanse to find you.  Why did you go off alone?”
“I’m sorry father.  I know that I shouldn’t have.  I wanted to prove to everyone, to you, to Mongo, and mother that I was strong enough to be King.”
“What were you thinking?” replied his father, upset at Bomani’s motives.  He became enraged.  “You, strong enough, or good enough to be King?  You didn’t have to come all this way to try and prove anything to me.  I can tell you now, that you will never be good enough to be King, ever!  You are not even GOOD enough to be a King’s son.”
“Father, what do you mean?” Bomani cried out.  “I am good enough.  Just give me the chance; I can prove it to you!  I can prove that I am worthy to be your son.  I will kill this monster.  I will bring back the scepter.  Oh please father, you will see.  You will see that I’m great.  Let me prove it to you!”  
“Your disobedience is proof that you are weak; both in mind and in body.   You were never a candidate for the crown.  The decision was made long ago.  Mongo is ten times the man you are.  He is my only true son.  The people could never love you the way that they love him.  Your mother and I could never love you the way that we love him!”
The words that fell on Bomani’s ears may have well been swords slashing through his heart.  How could his father say such things to him?  The tears rushed down his face, as he stood there motionless, unable to move.  He may as well had been a statue, his feet were locked into the ground, his arms became stiff, too heavy to lift.
The Kitunusi laughed.  He reached for Farra and grabbed her into one of his hands, picking her up.  “Heh, you should have listened to me and turned back.  Now, you will satisfy my hunger.”
Farra screamed out, “Bomani, help me. Snap out of it.  Who are you talking to?”
“My father.  He’s right there with his warriors.  Don’t you see him?”
“No. No I don’t.”
Bomani’s tears were apparent.  He screamed out, “Please father, please!  I am worthy of you!  I know I am, just give me a chance!  I know I’m worthy, I know I’m worthy!” he cried.
  “Whatever you see, it’s not real,” yelled Farra.  “It’s not real.  If it were your father, he and his warriors would be fighting the beast!”
Bomani heard the screams of Farra.  Suddenly his thoughts were not of himself, and instead he was worried for her safety.   She was right; common sense started to set in.  His father would not bother to stand there and degrade him while there was danger around.  He would fight the beast.  His warriors would have attacked by now.  He gathered his thoughts together, ready to speak back. He looked at his father, and suddenly he was not scared anymore, he was angry.
“You are not my father,” he said. “You are not the King.  My father loves me, and if he were here, he would destroy you, whoever you are.  I don’t need your approval to know who I am; I don’t need anyone’s.  I will always strive to be the best that I can be.  I am Bomani!”
With that, the image of his father chuckled and faded away, followed by his warriors.  Bomani turned his attention to Farra, in the grips of the Kitunusi.  Without further hesitation, he rushed forward.
“Bomani!” Farra screamed, as she got closer to the beast’s mouth.
“I will not leave you!”  Bomani yelled back to her as he thrust his spear into the achilles tendon of the Kitunusi.  It let out a loud yell, followed by a swipe with its hand that just missed Bomani as he rolled out of the way. 
Bomani pulled the spear out and once again rammed it into another spot on Kitunusi’s foot.  Again, a swat came his way, this time connecting and sending Bomani flying against the rocks. The Kitunusi grabbed the young warrior.  Now he had each of the children in one of his hands.  
“Perhaps I will eat you first,” he said blowing his strong breath onto Bomani.  As he raised him up, Bomani fidgeted inside his pouch.  As his mouth opened wide to place the boy inside, Bomani pulled out his ill pool.
“How about an appetizer first,” Bomani yelled as he threw the ill pool into the Kitunusi’s mouth.  It lodged itself in the back of his throat, causing him to choke and gag until he finally swallowed it whole.  He dropped the children to the ground, grabbing his stomach.  All of Bomani’s illnesses that had been trapped inside the ill pool were released into the beast’s stomach, twisting and turning it.  
Bomani hit the ground and yanked his spear from the monster’s foot, then put himself into a defensive stance.  Farra too hit the ground rolling, and got herself back up to her feet.
The Kitunusi moaned as he doubled over, clutching his stomach in pain.
“Thank you for not leaving me!” Farra cried.
Bomani shrugged,  “It’s okay, but we should get out of here.”
“What’s wrong with him?”
“I threw my ill pool into his mouth.  Must’ve made him sick.”
“Yuck, you kept that thing?”
“Heh, yup, I thought it was kind of cool.”
“Hmph, boys,” she responded, shaking her head.
“C’mon, now is our chance to get past him.”
The beast lay on his back, gripping his stomach.  Soon, his size diminished, as he returned to his previous form. The old man lay on the ground, tossing and turning and now throwing up, unable to stop. They left the sickened Kitunusi behind, and proceeded past the Gates of Fear.


Chapter 27
 BROKEN BONDS

space


An hour or so had passed.  They continued walking across a rocky canyon.  Bomani had been silent the whole time, ignoring Farra.  He made sure that he was always ahead of her in an attempt to walk alone.  Inside, he was struggling with himself.  Had he been alone, he would be crying, and he kept his distance to insure that if a tear or two got free, Farra would not see it.
The image of his father took its toll on him.  For some reason, he could not shake it.  Perhaps because deep down, he always thought that was how his father felt.  He always thought his father favored Mongo, and he was just the younger and weaker son, unfit for anything of sufficient magnitude in his life.  Deep in his mind, these thoughts had always plagued him on some level.  He had been able, from time to time, to push these feelings of insecurity back into the depths of his mind; but they were always there.  Now, to have actually seen his father, the King, say this to his face was too much for him to bear.  Never mind that what he saw was not real.  He still saw it.  It was real to him. 
Farra kept trying to talk to him, but he continued to ignore her.   She grabbed him firmly by the arm.  He stopped and turned to her with a glare that was usually saved for his enemies.  She started to let go for a second, but then grasped him tighter.  
“Bomani, what’s wrong?” she asked firmly.  The cheerful one had become stern. 
Bomani continued to glare at her for a couple of seconds before he spoke. “Nothing!”
“It doesn’t seem like nothing to me.”
“I said nothing.”
“It has to be something.”
“No, it doesn’t.”
“I see, back to the old Bomani is it?  The mean boy that I met back at the stream.”
“Would you just leave me alone?”
“I could, but I’m not going to.  Look, what you saw back there wasn’t real.  That wasn’t your father.”
“Shut up!  You don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Like it or not, we are in this together, and we have become friends.  I know that you didn’t want me to see what you were afraid of, but I have, and it’s okay, everyone is afraid of something.  You’re scared that your father and everyone else won’t approve of you, but I have seen the person you are.  You have more strength inside and out than most people.”
Her speech did not bring Bomani solace.  He grabbed her by the shoulders.
“You know what your problem is?” he yelled at her. “You’re always talking.  That’s all you do is talk.  Talk talk talk, blah blah blah.  Sometimes I wish you would just SHUT UP!  Why don’t you walk over there, and I’ll walk over here.”
“So, we’re not friends anymore?”
“Friends?” he shouted even louder and more angrily.  “Um, newsflash, Farra. We were NEVER friends.  I don’t like you, I never did!”
“You take that back, you don’t mean it.”
“Oh, I mean it.  I never wanted you to come with me in the first place, but you just had to come, didn’t you.  ‘Oh, my mark, and the gods, and Pupa, and the sacred union, and blah blah blah!’ I wish I had never met you. You’ve been nothing but bad luck for me.”
“Stop it! It’s not true!”
“The truth is; I don’t want you with me.  You slow me up and you weigh me down.  I hate listening to your annoying little voice, and to sum it up, I hate YOU!”
His speech was finished.  He turned away from her and left her standing there.  
Farra did not move.  As she watched him leave, she gathered just enough energy for a couple of words to creep out.  “Bomani, why…”
He was more than frustrated with her at this point.  Why couldn’t she just leave him alone?  He turned back and stepped toward her.
“Farra, how much clearer can I make this? I…. don’t……. want…… you…. with ….me.”  He spoke slowly, steadily, and firmly to make sure that she understood. “You still have the space rune.  Use it to take you back to the shaman.  You can get yourself home from there.”
Pupa gave Bomani a mean face. “What are you looking at?  You stupid useless dog!”  And then he left them.


Farra did not move.  She didn’t know what she felt.  Was it anger, despair, confusion, fear, a sense of abandonment?  Maybe it was all of it, and it left her shocked and paralyzed.  She may as well have been standing in front of the Kitunusi again.  She stood there well past the time when Bomani vanished into the horizon.

Chapter 28
 FOOTPRINTS OF DESTINY


Morning came.  Pupa had just caught himself an early morning breakfast, a nigila.  The little beast gave him a bit of trouble as it scurried along with its six hairy legs.  Its legs gave it excellent speed and traction on the trees, but Pupa was hungry, and when the little guy ran up the tree, Pupa was right after it.  When the nigila ran back down, Pupa jumped to the ground and pinned it to the ground with his paws before sinking his teeth into it.
He brought the food over to Farra who was lying under a giant five-foot wide red leaf.  The leaf had hairs on the underside, keeping her warm through the night, but the topside was smooth and shiny, repelling the sun.
Pupa licked her hand that was just barely sticking out from under the leaf.  She slowly woke and sat up as he presented her with breakfast in bed.  Unfortunately, most people were not used to eating such things as nigila.  For Pupa, meat was meat.  
“Thanks Pupa, but I’m not hungry.  That, you can eat all by yourself.”
He happily tore into the raw meat.  Farra used her staff to help herself up to her feet.
“What do you think Pupa? Should we go home?”  The sadness from the night before set back into her mind.  She sat on a rock, running her staff across the dirt, drawing abstracts for an hour or so, while her mind focused on Bomani, contemplating whether to go back home, or to go onward and find him.
“I mean, if I follow him, he may just get mad again.  Maybe if I give him some time, he’ll be all right.  What do you think?”
Pupa lay in her lap, quite busy still indulging himself with his food.  If she had not been so deep in thought, Farra might have noticed the dark shape consuming her shadow. By the time she noticed something was off, it was too late.  An ogre grabbed her from behind, wrapping his arms around hers.  Her staff dropped to the ground.
She violently kicked and thrashed to get loose, but her small arms did little to overcome the ogre’s strength.  She managed to give one of his ogre companions a swift kick to the face, which angered him more than it hurt.  Pupa sprang to the aid of his soul companion.  He jumped up high enough to sink his teeth and claws into the arm of the ogre holding Farra.  The ogre let out a painful grunt, swinging his arm.  
Pupa was shaken loose, and his body hurled through the air until his motion was stopped suddenly by the hard surface of a nearby rock. The hard surface was matched by the razor sharp edges of its contours.  He hit the ground almost as hard as he had hit the rock, rolling over and over like the proverbial rag doll.  The bluish fur on his head became dark red and wet with blood.  Another ogre gave Pupa a final kick, knock him through the air a few feet.
Farra felt the impact too.  Her body jolted at the sensation.  She had never connected with Pupa in that way before, but for a second, she felt his pain.  It was so real, as if she was the one who had been thrown against the rock. “Pupa!”  she cried and broke free from the wounded ogre.  She gasped at the site of Pupa being abused and cried out to him.  “Oh no! This is not good.  Not good at all!” She only had a second to rush toward him before another ogre grabbed her again.  She reached out, hoping that somehow she would be able to help him, but she could not.  Pupa barely moved.  He slowly stood up on his front two paws as they wobbled like an old man with no strength.  It only lasted a moment until he let out a whimpering cry and fell back to the ground and lay motionless.
An ogre lifted Pupa up just slightly.  Pupa did not respond.  His eyes did not open; his limbs drooped with no sign of life.  The ogre let out a grunting chuckle, and then dropped Pupa back to the ground.
The five ogres carried Farra off.  Her thoughts were not on her capture, but on Pupa’s wellbeing.  She was able to keep him in view for just a little while longer until they carried her around the bend.  She screamed and yelled all the way, leaving behind a lifeless Pupa.
.    .    .    
Hatari’s mountain had one entrance at its base.  Laying low behind a nearby hill, Bomani watched the ogres guarding it for hours, trying to figure out the best way in.  He knew ogres were not too smart, and perhaps when night came, he could try something simple to distract them from their duties.  Night would not come for a few hours though, so in the meantime, he kept a watchful eye on the guards. 
Then he saw a troop of ogres coming in from the north.  Two of them carried a long stick, stuck through netting and inside, a prized gift for Hatari.  Bomani looked closer.  It was Farra.  A sudden overwhelming sense of guilt filled him.
Oh Farra, what have I done, he thought.  Why didn’t you use the rune to go home?  
This feeling of guilt quickly changed to rage. They better not harm her, he thought to himself.  
The ogres finally approached the entrance.   “Hey, what your name?”  The guard asked one of the ogres carrying Farra.
“Boonda,” the ogre responded.
“Boonda, what you got in net?”
“Me got prisoner,” Boonda answered.
“You bringing prisoner to master?”
Boonda turned his face up as if he was just asked a stupid question. “Uh, course me bring prisoner to master.  Where you think me bringing prisoner, to you?”
“Ummm, me don’t need prisoner,” said the guard.  “Me guard door.”
“Me not bringing YOU prisoner.  Me bringing to master!”  Boonda was now getting agitated.
“Master inside.  You go inside.  We guard door.”
“Yeah, you guard door real good,” said Boonda under his breath as they went inside.


When night came, the two ogres, Plute and Dimboo, still stood at their posts. The torches just outside the entrance to the cave were lit.  Suddenly, they heard what sounded like a rock hitting the ground not too far from them.
“What dat?” asked Dimboo?
“Don’t know,” Plute replied.  “Me think maybe it rock or something.”
“Rock no move by demselves,” Dimboo added.
“Nope,” said Plute.  “Day sure doesn’t.”
They heard the sound of another rock.
“Dat another rock.  Maybe someone throw it?
“Hmm, but why?”
“It old trick.”  Dimboo began to explain this tactical strategy to Plute.  “Throw rock to distract guard, see, then when guard move to check it out, move inside door.”
“Ah, I see,” Plute responded.  “Then what should we do?”
“Hmm, I’ll have to think.”   
Then Plute had a magnificent thought as he stroked his chin.  “Why don’t we find who threw da rock, then hit him with it!”  He smiled at his own genius, punching his hand.
“Heh heh.  Dat good idea.”  Then Dimboo paused for a second, trying to out-think the rock-thrower.  “What if he throw rock over dere, but he really over dere?”
“Ha ha, you smart.  How bout you go dat way, and me go dis way.”
They both nodded and walked in opposite directions, away from the entrance.  

Meanwhile, Bomani, the rock-thrower had positioned himself behind them on the mountain, just above the entrance.  With the guards gone, it was easy for him to slip inside. 
The cave was dark and damp.  A draft from inside brought the terrible stench of ogres.  It was horrible to have to smell this soup of beastly bodies as they sweat from their work in the mine. Bomani screwed up his face in response, but he would just have to bear it until his senses were able to filter it from his brain.  His hand caught the feeling of wet moss as he ran his fingers across the wall, carefully looking in front and behind him.  A thin coat of water on the dark, almost black rocks ran down into the soil at his feet.   
Although he was mindful not to make noise, it did not matter much because there was so much noise coming from ahead.  He heard the echoes of chiseling, grinding, and clanking. He only needed to make sure that he was not seen, and to take extra care of where his shadow was.  As he walked further, he began to see sparkles in the walls from small bits of diamonds.  They easily reflected the light from torches sporadically placed about.
The diamonds were beautiful, standing out from the dark rock.  They were quite breathtaking for a place that felt so dismal.  He remembered the Manga village, and how the air was filled with a sense of welcoming and tranquility – this place was the opposite.
He followed the wall until it came to a fork.  The sound of ogres’ talk was getting closer to him.  There was no place to hide except for a curve in the wall just before the fork.  His only hope of staying unnoticed was to hide in it, and hope that they walked down the other tunnel and not his.  The voices got closer, and soon he could see their shadows against the wall from the torches behind.  He pulled his shield from his back and grabbed his spear in hand.  Part of him wanted to fight, but another part knew that staying undetected was his best bet if he was going to save Farra and retrieve the scepter.  
As the ogres neared his position, he tightened his grip on the shaft of the spear.  He pulled himself back against the wall as flat as he could and waited.  Fortunately, the ogres took the other route.  He watched their shadows move off, and then the ogres themselves came into view.  He watched them walk away down the tunnel.  After they were out of sight, he took the tunnel they had come from, keeping his shield and spear ready for anything that might come his way.  
After a short while, he found that he was walking on a ledge, and below him was a large hole from which the clanging noises loudly emanated.  He peeked over to see the many ogres below, banging away at the rock and sifting through their findings.  His curiosity beckoned him to watch on longer.  He had to take a second to remind himself why he had come. 
Just then, an ogre grabbed him from behind.  His arms were pinned down and could barely move.  Another ogre stood ready to assist, and just beyond him, Hatari.  With an instinct to retaliate, he managed to poke the spear into the ogre’s thigh, offsetting him enough to loosen his grasp.  The ogre dropped him to his feet and with one quick turn Bomani slashed his throat.   He kept his forward motion going from his turn and instantly ran shield first, hitting the next ogre.   He followed up with a stab to the chest; all in one swift motion.  He was left with Hatari standing a few feet in front of him.  
“I’ll give you some advice,” said Hatari. “Next time you sneak into someone’s home, you should literally cover your tracks.  The footprint of a young boy is easy to distinguish from an ogre’s.”
“No need to sneak, as it’s you that I have come for.”
Bomani rushed him.  Hatari reacted with a white energy bolt, knocking Bomani against the wall behind, and pinning him there.  The diamonds in the wall pulsated in brightness in tune with his bolt of energy.  Bomani struggled, but could not free himself.  
“Struggle all you want,” said Hatari in a sinister tone.  “The more you struggle the more strength and life I take from you, making me stronger.  It’s an excellent design.  I call it the light of death. You should have taken my offer.  Now I have you, the staff, the girl and I still get to keep the Ifa Scepter.”
Bomani struggled wildly, trying to free himself.  His words left his lips accompanied by grunts and moans.  “What have you done with Farra?”
“I’ve put her to work.  She’s good at chiseling stone, but I imagine that a boy like you could work all day without a break.”
“I won’t work for you.”
“It’s not a choice BOY.  You will work because your only other option will be death.”
“I will break free.  I will defeat you, I will save Farra, and I will retrieve the Ifa Scepter for my kingdom.”
“I could just kill you and the girl now, but I have to admit, I like to see people suffer.  Unfortunately, eventually I will have to kill her; it is the only way that I can release the power from her staff.  With any luck, more of her kind will come looking for her and I will drain their staves of power as well.  I will grow even more powerful; then I will destroy your famine stricken Ufalme and take control of my share of Madunia.  Now, what makes you think that I would let a little boy disrupt all of that?”
“It’s my destiny.”
“You have your destiny, and I have mine.  Unfortunately, only one of ours can come to pass.  My bet is on the one who isn’t dead.”
The diamonds in the room became brighter as Hatari intensified his energy beam.  Bomani was pinned to the wall, struggling and screaming.  Each movement sucked more and more strength from him. When Hatari stopped his beam, Bomani fell to the ground, his warrior's vitality diminished. 


Chapter 29
 CAGES


It was the careless way the ogres threw Bomani into the cage that woke him.  These prisons were cut into the side of rock walls with each cell separated by a thin wall of rock; the front gates of the cells also were made from strong, thick wood.  The cages didn’t have locks on them, just a metal pin through each latch connected on the wall below him, but it was too far away to be reached.
The gate shut, and as the ogres left him, he sprung to the bars to see if he could break them, yanking, pulling, and kicking them with all of his might.  He wasted that little bit of energy in vain, for the bars would not give, although hours would pass before he truly gave up.
Sinking back, he wrapped his arms around his knees as feelings of loneliness and failure arose inside of him.  The darkness and hard surface of the cell only amplified this feeling – he shut his eyes to shield himself from the sight.  
 I should not have come, he thought to himself.  Why am I so selfish, so arrogant?  I should not have pushed Farra away.  Maybe if we had done this together, it would have worked.  Maybe I should not have gone off by myself in the first place.  Some destiny, some hero I am.  Hatari could have killed me, and he just may, if I’m not careful.  
His thoughts became focused on his family.  Sure, he was a warrior, and a hero, but he missed his mother, he missed his father, and he even missed his brother, Mongo.  He thought hard about his father and was sorry that he had deceived him.  He was proud of his father.  He was a good King and the people loved him.  Bomani doubted that he would ever have the ability to measure up.
His saddened mind was so focused on his family that his temples began to ache.  Then a glow came from inside of his pouch.  Stupid ogres, they took his spear and shield, and left him his bag.  His vision of his father became intense and suddenly his brain was locked on it.  More than that, he sensed his father’s worry as if his mind was locked on his father’s thoughts.  Then he heard a voice.
“Bomani?” his father called out to him in question.  Bomani had the sensation of standing very near the king.
“Father?” Bomani replied.
“Bomani? Where are you? What is this?”
Bomani saw the glowing of the rune peeking through the gaps of his bag.  He pulled it out and held it in his hand.  “It’s the thought rune father, given to me by a Shaman.”
“Thought rune?  I don’t understand.  Is this really you?”
“Yes father.  I don’t understand it either, but I think the rune lets us be together just by thinking about it.”
“Bomani, Anu has told me what you have done.  It was foolish of you.”
“I know, and I’m sorry, and now father, I’ve been captured by Hatari and I don’t know what has happened to Farra.”
“Who is Farra?”
“She’s a young girl, an Anifem.  She has been traveling with me, but I left her alone and the ogres have taken her.  “Father, I have made so many mistakes.”
“Where are you?”
“In Hatari’s diamond mines.  Very far south in the Forbidden Expanse.”
“I know Hatari well; he and I have our history and I have kept him at bay in the Forbidden Expanse.”
The light from the rune began to fade.  Bomani could feel his father slipping away.  It was as if he was being pulled down a tunnel to the opposite end.  They called to each other, and Bomani heard the King’s voice growing more distant until one last thought was heard from his father, “I’m coming for you!”
The rune turned to dust in Bomani’s hand.  His eyes teared with disappointment, and again he was alone.
After some time, he heard footsteps coming his way.  He had no intention of digging in Hatari’s mines as Hatari had suggested before.  When the ogres came for him, he would escape, and then tell his father of the location of the Ifa Scepter.  Surely, the King would send troops to retrieve it, and take Hatari down.
The ogres came nearer and Bomani gathered his strength. Then, he noticed that they were carrying Farra.  He reached through the cage as far as he could and cried out to her.  She was dirty and obviously exhausted.  She just slightly lifted her head enough to see Bomani, and then dropped it back down without giving him any recognition.  They dropped her limp body off two cells down from his.  
Bomani reached out of his cage.  One of the ogres jabbed at him with a piece of metal.  “Back,” he said. Bomani pulled his hand back and glared at the ogre.  If only he was out of this cage, he’d take care of him.  The ogre chuckled, which sounded more like a series of grunts, and then left with his companion.
Farra’s condition brought Bomani’s sadness to a new low.  Looking at her tired and bruised body; he couldn’t help the feelings of regret and guilt that engulfed him.  It was his fault, and he knew it.  He had let his anger get to him and pushed her away.  He had never been this close to anyone before.  Everyone else he knew was just something to conquer; someone to prove himself to, but not Farra.  He found that he had slowly become himself around her.  He had let his guard down and she had touched a part of him that, until that point, remained isolated.
“Farra,” he quietly called to her.
She did not speak.“Farra,” Bomani called again and again, but she did not respond.  “I’m sorry. I’m sorry about what I said to you.  I didn’t mean it.  I was angry.  No, I was afraid and I didn’t want to admit it.” He listened for some sort of response from her and then continued.
“I know I said that I didn’t need you, but it wasn’t true. We are a team, a good team, a strong team.  The truth is, you are my best friend.  The best I’ve ever had.  Actually,” he said and began to slow his voice.  “Your the only friend that I’ve ever had.”	
A long silence filled the air.  Then, to Bomani’s delight, he heard the pleasant sound of Farra’s voice.  Although it was weak, and it was sad, at least she was talking.  And hearing her voice again gave him some relief.
“That’s not true,” Farra protested.  “You’re Bomani, the prince, the great warrior.  You have a lot of friends.  You are envied and people are jealous of you.”
“No, Farra.  That’s not true.  Honestly, I have never had any friends.  I lied about that.  I lied about people being jealous of me too.”
“What?  What do you mean?  Why wouldn’t everyone want to be your friend?”
“I think it is my fault.  You have helped me to see that.  I’ve pushed everyone away with my own arrogance.  I just thought I was too good for the common people.  My father is the king.  My mother is the queen.”
“It must be confusing for you, being royalty.  Plus you’ve always been in competition with your brother.  So you’ve spent your life arrogantly feeling above everyone while at the same time not feeling good enough.”
“Yes,” Bomani said in astonishment.  “That’s it.  That’s exactly it.  I’ve known you a few days and you already know me better than anyone. Even though I’m around all those people, I’ve somehow managed to feel alone, all the time.  It’s like I don’t fit in anywhere.”
“Well, maybe it is your fault.  You can’t do that Bomani.  You can’t people people like they are beneath you.  It doesn’t matter if you are the son of a king or the King himself.  Any great king knows that he doesn’t rule the people, he serves them.”
“Yeah, your right…”
“And stop competeing with people.  Stop competing with your brother.  Stop competing against all the other boys in the world.  Stop trying to prove something to everyone all the time.  There is only one person that you should be competing with, and that is yourself.  Compete to make yourself better than you were yesturday.  That is the real competietion, and the only one that matters.  Just be the best Bomani that you can be!
“Wow,” said Bomani.  “You are really mad.”
“No.  You just can’t treat people like that; like they are beneath you.  It’s not right.”
“I know.”
“You might not get it, but if you treat people with respect, they will respect you even more.  They will find you to be so much greater.”
“I think I get it…now.”
“You should have just told me everything before.  Why didn’t you?”
“Well, if you want to know everything, then there is one more truth you need to know.”
“Oh my, there is more?”
“Remember when I told you that my friends and I overheard my father and Anu talking about the scepter?”
“Yes.”
“They were not actually my friends.  Anan and Kweden are more like my enemies.  I hate them, and they hate me.”
“Because they are jealous of you?”
“I used to think that, but no.  Just like everyone else, I rejected them and pushed them away.  Anan and I fought once before.  And just the other day we fought again.  
I was out riding Nassir.  I do it often, riding north of the kingdom.  Oh, and that’s another lie that I told.  The reason that I didn’t bring Nas was not because he was sick.  It was because I couldn’t break him out of the stable without anyone seeing me.  
Anyway, Anan wouldn’t dare touch me within the gates of the kingdom, because he knows the guards wouldn’t let that happen.  No one could harm Prince Bomani without being punished.  He used to say that I hide behind my royalty.  I told him I’d fight him anytime he wishes.  So when I had ridden away from the kingdom, he and a couple of his friends jumped me.”
“How many of them?”
“Three.”
“Oh my.  Did they hurt you?”
“A little.  But I won the fight. Heh.  I am that good, remember.  Anyway we heard my father and Anu talking about the Ifa scepter nearby.  Anu was showing my father a map.  
Basically, Anan said that if I was so tuff, I could get the map and retrieve the scepter on my own.  I don’t think that he thought I would really do it.  Actually what I really think that what he wanted was for me to try so that I could fail.”
“Wait, so this was all a DARE?”
“Yes, so I stole the map from Anu.”
“Oh my Bomani.”
“I know.  It was wrong.”
Farra was quiet again.
“You still there Farra?”  Bomani asked.  “Um, what are you thinking?”
“I’m just taking everything in, that’s all.  Everything you said.”
“If you knew all of this back at the stream when we met, you probably would not have come, would you?”
“Probably not,” said Farra.
“I know it was wrong.  But I think there is a chance for us.  We can still get it.  Not to prove anything, but because the kingdom needs it.  It’s right here in this mountain somewhere.
Plus, if I hadn’t come, we would have never met.  But I am really glad we did.  I meant what I said before.  We are a great team. I never would have made it this far without you.  I shouldn’t have left you.  We didn’t get caught until we separated, because we work so well together.  And yes, you are the best friend I’ve every had.”
“You mean all of that?”
“Yes, I do, and if I had to be trapped here with anyone, I’m glad it’s you.”
“Me too.  Oh Bomani, how will we get out of here?”
“I don’t know yet, but we have to find a way.  They hurt you?
“Not really, just tired.  I worked alongside the stinky ogres.  They pushed me around a bit, but mostly just made me dig, and dig, and dig.”
“I’m so sorry Farra.  Where is Pupa?”
“Oh my gosh, Bomani!  It was horrible.  The stinky ogres came, and I didn’t see them, I was thinking about you and they grabbed me and Pupa tried to help but he’s so little you know and he got knocked to the ground and he hit his head on a rock.  I could feel it Bomani.  I felt him hit the rock.  I felt what Pupa felt and it hurt, it hurt so much.  Then he wasn’t moving Bomani, he wasn’t moving at all, and now he’s…he’s…. he’s… dead!”
“Dead! No. I’m sorry Farra, so so sorry. It’s all my fault.  I know how much he meant to you.”
“No, you don’t.  You couldn’t.  Pupa was becoming a part of me.  Our bond was growing, connected at the soul.  You’d have to be an Anifem to understand.  I don’t know what I’m going to do without him!”

Chapter 30
 A FRIEND INDEED
		

Baina had told them before how the whispers of the land were carried by the wind, yet only those who knew how to listen could hear.  Such was the case of this voice, this whisper carried along the current high in the sky.  It carried a message, and so it searched for those that might listen.  This wind found a candidate flying in the night, not far from the Manga village.  Meeka, a sprite, soared around the trees tending to their leaves in her usual manner when she heard the wind speak.
She immediately dropped what she was doing and hurried to the Manga village; her green trail, like a ray borrowed from a rainbow, followed her brightly in the night.  She gathered five more sprites together, and they quickly gathered herbs from the trees and flowers around them, holding the essence in their tiny baskets.  Off they went into the night away from the Manga village.  The trails from many of them together now more closely resembled a full rainbow brightly shining, following their path as they sped along.  They left the village, leaving behind the flowers, plants, and even the grass until they flew across the lifeless dirt and then the dark grey/black petrified forest, and soon they flew across open fields of orange-red rock.  They flew over the ridge, into an area of a grayish, rocky terrain. 
They came to a path that seemed to be half way between the ground and the rocky peak above it.  Down they flew until arriving at a small mound of fur that lay still on the ground.  
Pupa was not dead, but his life was fading.  His heart beat slowly, and his breathing was so slight that one could not notice it with the naked eye.  The ground next to him was dark with the blood that he had lost.  The little niku beetles had already begun to drink it, some of them directly from his wound.  The niku did not wait for one to die.  They drank blood from the dead or living. Then they sent out a signal to any nearby niku making them aware of the meal, and its location – being eaten by the niku was a slow and painful death.
With the sprites arrival, the niku were easily scared away.  The sprites then proceeded to work their craft on little Pupa.  They fluttered around him, covering him with the herbs, pollens, and nectars they had gathered in their baskets.  Soon after, they arranged themselves around him, each placing their hands on a part of his body.  Closing their eyes, they concentrated on finding the hurt inside of him; the injury that was slowly taking his life away.  After a brief moment, an ill pool emerged from him.  His eyes opened and he sprang to his feet.  
The sprites healing magic was always impressive, and this was evident in Pupa’s recovery.  His tail wagged and his tongue hung out of his mouth in a happy pant.  He eagerly glanced around at his colorful flying friends and knew that they had helped him.  Meeka placed herself on the back of his head, scratching him behind the ears in just the fashion that animals such as him adore.  Pupa would have stayed and played for a bit, but soon the sprites waved goodbye, and flew away.  


Pupa watched them leave, entertained by the colorful effects of their trails until those too were gone.  His attention changed then and focused on Farra.  The last image that he had was of an ogre attacking her. After that was a blank.  He did not even remember hitting the rock.  Still, his natural instinct was to be with her, and to find her, wherever she was.  
Pupa began searching for her with his nose to the ground.  Her scent was easy to pick up.  Even easier was that of the stinky ogres that nabbed her.  He followed it on the path around the bend of the rocky terrain and kept on until it led him to the cave.
The ogres still guarded the entrance.  They may have let a young pup walk through anyway, but Pupa’s last mark had left him with an ability that would now come to his aid. It was night, and he instinctively took to the shadows, blending in with them.  He walked silently toward the entrance, hugging the wall and merging with the darkness until he was inside, and then Pupa received another mark….


One ogre guarded Farra and Bomani while they slept.  Suddenly, the sensation of a new mark had awakened Farra from her sleep.  Gasping in excitement, she whispered as loudly as she could to Bomani, waking him as well.
“Bomani! It’s Pupa, he’s alive.”
“What do you mean?  I thought you said he was dead.”
“No, he’s not, he’s alive.  And I can feel him.  He’s close!”
Bomani looked at the ogre sitting across the room.  “He’ll never get past the ogre.  If they catch him, they’ll lock him up too, or worse.”
“I can talk to him, I can tell him to stay put,” she said.
“You can do that?”  Bomani asked. “Since when could you do that?  Hmm, never mind.  Tell him to hide somewhere until we can figure out what to do.”
“What are we going to do?”
“I’d say that getting out of these cages is a priority.  Then getting the Ifa Scepter, and then getting out of the mountain and going home.”
“I don’t know if I can do this, Bomani.”
“Of course you can Farra.  What do you mean?”
“So much has happen; so many bad things.  You got sick, we both got captured, and I thought Pupa died.”
“But I got better Farra.  Thanks to you, and the Manga.  And Pupa isn’t dead.  And yes, right now we are in a cage, but we are together, and I’m sure we will make it out.”
“It’s different for you.  You’re strong, a warrior.  You can take down stinky orgres like it’s nothing.  But Pupa and me are young.  We don’t even have our full powers yet.  Maybe we do hold you back.”
“You can’t think that way Farra.  I admit, I didin’t think much of you when I first met you.  But you have so much heart.  You are so much stronger than you think.   You might see the failures that we have had, but I see what we have overcome.  I’ve watched you, and I am proud to have fought along side you.  Believe me, you have the strength.”
“Thank you.  You really belive that?”
“I know it.”
“Okay,” she said with delight.  “Oh my, I almost forgot to tell Pupa to keep hidden.”
Farra did just that.  She concentrated on Pupa and spoke to him.  It was not a conversation filled with words, phrases and sentences, but more of an understanding.
The darkness of the caves and the sporadic placement of the torches throughout made it easy for Pupa to find places where he could not be seen.  
Meanwhile, the ogre guarding the children grew tired and fell asleep in the chair where he sat.  
Farra once again put her thoughts out to Pupa, telling him to come to them.
He made his way through the hallways and into the room where Bomani and Farra were being kept captive.  Farra reached her hand out to him when he entered the room.  Her smile stretched from ear to ear.  She was so relieved to see her soul-companion again.
Pupa walked past the ogre, still deep asleep, and went straight to Farra’s cell.  She welcomed him with open arms and tried to squeeze him tight through the wooden bars.  
“Oh, I missed you so much,” Farra said.
“Ssshh,” Bomani warned.  “Don’t wake the ogre.”  Then he turned his thoughts to more intimate matters, “Pupa it’s good to see you.  We thought you were dead.”  
“Okay Pupa,” Farra instructed him.  “You have to be very quiet.  We don’t want to wake that stinky ogre.  You have to set us free.  We need you to pull the pin from the latch.  Okay?”
Pupa understood.  He walked over to the metal pin in the latch, gripped it tightly with his teeth, and slowly pulled it out.  Farra gave a small push on the cell door; she was free.  She immediately went and pulled the pin on Bomani’s latch and gently placed it on the floor.  Bomani’s cage opened with ease as well.  
Once out, Farra rushed into Bomani, spreading her arms and then squeezing him tight.  Almost immediately she caught herself and jumped back, releasing him.  “Oh, I’m sorry, Bomani.  I know how you hate to be hugged.”
Bomani frowned at her for a moment and lifted his brow. Then he reached out to her and hugged her back even more tightly.
“Farra, I can’t think of anything I’d like better from you.”
She smiled and wrapped her arms around him to meet his gesture.  When they released, he smiled at her and nodded.  They had an understanding, one that had been developed by the summation of their journey thus far.
“We got out,” said Farra.  “Just like you promised.”
“All thanks to Pupa,” Bomani responded.
“Now, we’ve come this far, so let’s get the Scepter.”
Pupa joined in on the happiness.  He let out a loud bark, well beyond the whisper that Farra and Bomani were maintaining, and dropped the metal pin on the floor.
The sleeping ogre got startled and awoke, abruptly coming to his feet.  “You no escape,” he grunted and rushed them both, grabbing them by their necks.  
They had no weapons, and without such, they had little chance of overcoming an ogre’s strength in hand-to-hand combat.  The ogre lifted them into the air, holding them each by their necks.  He was squeezing so tight that neither of them could even manage to grasp the slightest bit of air. The children wrestled with him, but the ogre was too strong.
Just as Bomani felt that at any moment, he could pass out.  THUMP!  The ogre was hit from behind, smashed in the head with a very large rock.  He released his grip and the three of them fell to the ground.  Farra and Bomani inhaled deeply, coughing, trying to catch their breath.  They looked up to see an ogre with a familiar face.


Chapter 31
 ROCKS AND DOORS

Torik, the former general of Hatari’s ogre army, knew his way around the mountain.  Hatari had used his twisted witchdoctor magic to make sure there was enough water to support his minions.  After all, even ogres need to drink.  Even the day-to-day work of mining diamonds required a fair amount of water in itself.  The giant well inside the mountain connected to a pond at its base.  It was a long swim, too long for most things that required oxygen to breath.  Every once in a while, some strong lunged badger swam in from outside and ran amuck inside the mines, moving things around and chewing up tools.  As a result, Hatari ordered the ogres to close up the tunnel by filling it with large rocks, but leaving enough space so that the water could still make its way in freely.
While the children were in their cages, Torik had stood in front of the pond and jumped in.  He shape-shifted his body into a half-shark, trying his best to keep his yelling of pain down to a minimum.  He swam underground, through the river, with his ogre legs flailing behind him, having no worry about coming up for air.
He did not know how long he could keep this shape.  It was painful.  And so he swam quickly to make his way through.  The end was blocked by a mass of boulders doing the job of keeping big things out, and unfortunately, sharks had neither the strength nor the arms to move them. 
Air bubbles escaped from his mouth as he struggled with the pain to shift into his half-gorilla form. Then he had the strength but had to move fast – not knowing how long his ape lungs could go without air.  He moved the boulders one by one until finally, he had a hole large enough for his large frame to fit through.

*     *     *     * 
“Torik!”  Farra yelled.  “Is it you?”  
Before he could answer, she was already hugging him.
His answer was a shape shift into a half-serpent.  This was the form the curse wanted at the time.  To infiltrate the mines, he had had to fight it, and bear the pain of keeping himself in the ogre form.  
“Yessss, it’s me,” he said.
“Oh, I thought you weren’t coming,” said Farra.
“Yea,” said Bomani, “And you brought our weapons. What made you change your mind?”
“Your weapons weren’t hard to find.  They were in a room, just down the corridor, but the real reason I came was to give you thissss.” Torik lifted up Farra’s father’s charm. “After you left, I searched for it.  I knew leaving it behind would haunt you, and one day, you would come searching for it.  Sifting through bones, looking for her father is no way for a young girl to spend her time.”
Farra was in tears, “You came all this way to give this to me?”
“You, sir, have more honor than I ever imagined.”  Bomani said sincerely.
“I figured that you should have it.  Ssssssss,” Torik replied. “Besides, what kind of person would I be if I let you face Hatari alone?”
“Oh thank you, thank you, thank you!” Farra cried.
“Now,” said Torik.  “We can’t waste time here.  We must get what you came for, before the rest of the army is aware of your release.”
“The Ifa Scepter.”  Bomani said.
“Yes,” Torik replied.  “I can take you to it.”
 

On the way to the chamber, two ogres confronted them.  It was not a problem, especially with Torik helping with the fight.  With a few blows to the stomach and head, they quickly rendered the ogres unconscious and hid their bodies in the dark.  Soon, they came to what seemed like a dead end, but it was not.  It was the door to the chamber holding the Ifa Scepter.
The curse had its way with Torik, and he changed back into his ogre form.  “The door can only be opened from here by Hatari himself.”  Torik explained. “You must wait here while I make my way through the upper tunnels above us.  In there, is a wheel I must turn to open the door.”
“Why don’t we just go with you?”  Farra asked.
“Once the door is opened, it won’t be long until Hatari knows about it.  The army will come.  You must have the scepter before they arrive, or I fear you will never get it.  Then, there is the matter of your escape.”
“Just get us to the scepter,” Bomani said.  “We can manage the escape.”
“Okay then,” said Torik.  “Wait here in the dark, until the door opens.  Do your best not to alert any more of the ogres.”
“We will,” said Bomani. “Oh, and Torik…” Bomani reached his hand out.  “Thank you.”
Torik reached out his thick ogre hand and nodded his head as they shook hands. “Good luck.”  Then he turned, and walked down the hall.
Farra and Bomani blew out the torches close to the door and sat with Pupa, snug against the wall, in the darkness.  They wondered how long it would take Torik to get the door open, or if he would get to it at all.  His curse could force him to change shape while walking amongst the other ogres, and then it would be over, and they would have to find some way to open the door themselves.  Aside from that, even just sitting and waiting, there was the chance of an ogre or even Hatari himself just happening upon them.
They had about ten minutes of pondering their possible failures before they heard the sound of the huge rock door before them moving against the ground.  
“He did it!” Farra exclaimed.
Bomani stood up and held out his hand to help Farra up.  “Are you ready to do this?” he asked.
Farra smiled and took his offered hand, standing up. “Yes, let’s do it”
“TOGETHER.”  Bomani added.




Chapter 32
 SHINING IN THE DARK


With the door open, they stood in front of the chamber, hand in hand. The sight was beautiful.  A huge chamber of dark black walls filled with smaller pins of light like stars on a clear night.  The scepter emitted its own light, which was reflected back by all of the crystals and gemstones embedded in the walls.  Most of them were clear and colorless, others sparkled with brilliant colors of blue and red light.  
The walkway led them toward a massive stone pillar.  The front was cut into large sections with stone stairways connecting them. At the top was the Ifa Scepter, which hovered in place under its own power, giving life to the room.  	
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” said Farra.
“Yea, it really is,” Bomani replied.
“It looks like a long way up.”
“We’ve come this far...”
They headed across the narrow pathway, a bridge with nothing to keep them from falling over the side.  Bomani looked down into the cavern.  It was too dark, and too far down to see the bottom. “Courage,” he said to himself, and proceeded forward with Farra and Pupa.
They carefully took the stairs upward. One lapse in their footing could easily result in falling into the depths of the cave.  Just as they reached the first level, they heard Hatari’s voice echoing throughout the chamber.
“I shouldn’t have bothered throwing you in a cage.  I should have just gotten rid of you both.  Don’t worry, I usually learn well from my mistakes.” He stood there with a team of ogres behind him.  The small draft that blew through the caves pushed against his clothing, causing it to flutter a bit.  He gripped his staff tightly and the diamonds in the eyes of the skull twinkled under their own light, mirroring Hatari’s anger. 
“Hatari!”  Bomani shouted.  There was nowhere for the children to run.  The only path leading in or out was past Hatari and his ogres.  That was just fine for Bomani.  He had no intention of running from him.  “You’ll pay for what you did to Farra.”
“Hmmm,” Hatari replied, “I don’t think so.” 
Bomani charged.  Immediately, Hatari raised his staff and a shaft of white energy shot toward him.  Bomani was quick; he put his shield in from of him to block, but the power of Hatari’s energy bolt was strong.  It knocked Bomani back to the ground.  
“Ha hah!”  Hatari laughed at him. “The power I have in these caves is unmatched, boy.”
Then, Hatari plucked one of the crystals of the eyes in the skull on his staff.   A noise, like two crystal glasses clanging together after a toast, rang throughout the chamber.  Bomani and Farra covered their ears from the terrible, high-pitched sound. The noise echoed back and forth in a domino effect across all of the crystals embedded in the walls, vibrating off of one another and through the surrounding rock.   The entire cavern began to shake. The ground trembled beneath their feet and Bomani adjusted his footing.  Dust began pouring down from the ceiling, followed by small rocks and pebbles.
“The ceiling,” Farra yelled, as she watched the debris fall toward them.  They huddled together.  The crystals loosened from the ceiling and came crashing down.  Bomani put his shield into place and deflected them as Farra huddled against him.  The rocks and crystals bounced off of his shield. 
Some of the crystals rained down hard enough to penetrate his shield, forcing their way through its outer shell, becoming stuck.  Then the rumbling and shaking stopped.  Bomani glanced at his shield that was now embedded with the crystals and diamonds that fell from the ceiling.
“Ogres, kill them!”  These simple words commanded by Hatari sent the ogres rushing toward them onto the narrow path of the first stairwell.
“Moon glow!”  Farra shouted, blinding the first wave of ogres that approached them.  Bomani took this opportunity to attack them with his spear and shield, sending them over the edge.  The next wave was not far behind.  Bomani stood in front of Farra, blocking their attacks, followed by jabs from his spear.  The journey had only made his warrior skills better than ever before.  His skill with his spear and shield was not to be underestimated.  The ogres could not match his attacks and could not penetrate his defense. 
 But the sheer number of ogres was overwhelming, even for Bomani.  The brutal beasts fought the children, backing them up the next stairwell. 
“Farra!”  Bomani yelled while still tussling with the ogres.  “Go!  Grab the scepter.  At least one of us has to make it out of here.”
“No.”  Farra said.  “I stay with you.  I fight with you.”
“Farra, you have to.  Go, grab the scepter, and wait for me.  If I can’t make it, promise me you will take it to my father.”
“Bomani!”
“Promise me!”
“I promise!” she yelled, and then ran up the stairway.  
Bomani’s strength was leaving him.  He was getting tired, but he would not give up.  He would not let the ogres catch up to Farra.
“I am Bomani!”  He yelled, in between swings, and ducks, and blocks.  “I am from the Kingdom of Ufalme.”  Swing, swing, block swing. “I am a great warrior!” 
The next ogre stood before him.  “And I am Torik, I’ve come to help you.”
Bomani stood there with spear cocked back, and his eyes wide open.  Before him, Torik stood, and winked.  Torik then changed into his half-gorilla form.  He turned and faced the two ogres behind him, smashing their heads together.
“Da trader!”  the other ogres said.  “He is here.  Master, da trader!”
“Stop!”  Hatari yelled, and at that moment all action ceased.  “Is that you, Torik?  Have you finally come out of hiding, only to be killed protecting these children?”
“It is me, Hatari.  If these children can stand against you, then so can I.  When they take the scepter from you, your power will recede, and so will all of your plans of conquering anyone.”
“I’ve never shown ill will toward you, Torik.  Join me now, kill the boy, and we can forget this whole matter.  You can return, as general of my army.”
“I don’t think so Hoo Hoo huh,” – Gorilla grunts.
“Nice to see you brought your monkey suit, Torik.  Tell me, how long do you think you can hold that form?  It must be painful.  Every second must be killing you.” 
“He’s right,” Torik whispered to Bomani. “I can’t hold this for long.  Go help Farra.  I can hold them off.”
“It must be terrible not to be able to control your power, Torik.”  Hatari’s sarcasm echoed throughout the chamber.
Farra was at the top of the staircase now, at the scepter.  It hung in mid air under its own power.  She reached for it, but like Hagga’s boat, some force was protecting it.  Then she grabbed her staff and used a bit of her Anifem magic to free the scepter from the magic shield.  Still, it did not work.  “I can’t get to it!”  she cried out.
 “You can’t get to it because it is under MY power,” Hatari yelled.  “Let me show you all how powerful I really am, how powerful I have become.  I’ll start by getting rid of you, little girl.”
“Noooo.”  Torik yelled, and once again started fighting.  His strength in his half-gorilla form was far greater than the ogres.  He broke their bones, smashed their heads, and sent them flying over the side of the cliff into the darkness below.  “Hurry to her. I’ll hold them off,” he yelled to Bomani who was already on his way up the staircase.
Hatari raised his arms, channeling the energy inside of him.  He was connected to the crystals in the cave.  His anger and rage fueled his power, and it grew.  He commanded all of the power that he had at his disposal.  The crystals in the walls began to shine brightly as the energy within them grew until they were almost blinding.
“What’s happening?” Farra cried.
“I don’t know,” replied Bomani, just reaching her.  He too had tried to get at the scepter and was repelled by the magic shield.
Suddenly the energy from all the crystals released as beams of light that shot to the Ifa Scepter.  The Ifa Scepter then grew with energy that swirled inside of it until a beam of light shot at Hatari.  He smiled as he felt the energy given to him grow.  
“What’s happening?  What’s he doing?”  Bomani asked.
“Not sure,” Farra replied.  “It’s like all the energy from the crystals is pouring into him.  Look at his face. He’s enjoying it.  They must be giving him a lot of power.  This is not good! Not good at all!”
Hatari pointed his staff toward the children. “Now, die!” He let loose with every ounce of power that he had.  The energy left his staff and shot straight toward the children.  Bomani lifted his shield just in time and covered them to block it.
Bomani’s shield was built to block blunt attacks; fists, swords, arrows, stones, and the like. But magic and sorcery was something that it was not meant to handle.  Normally, all of that raw power from Hatari would have smashed through his shield, killing him and Farra.  But fortunately his shield had been incrusted with the crystals that had fallen from the ceiling.  Not just any crystals.  These crystals had already been intertwined with Hatari’s magic.  These crystals were now serving a different purpose.   
The energy bolt hit the shield.   The power immediately flowed into the crystals, which stopped it from penetrating through the shield. With each second that passed, every ounce of Hatari’s energy that reached the shield was absorbed into the crystals, until soon the energy shot back out at Hatari.  
The force from his own energy bolt reflected back and knocked Hatari against the wall.  “Ahhhhh,” he screamed.  “Too much power.  It burns!”  He fell to the ground looking as if he was weak and unable to stand again.
Hatari’s magic had left him, and so did his hold on the Ifa Scepter.  With no magic to hold it in place, it fell out of the air.  Bomani, in quick reflex, rushed to grab it, stretching out the arm that carried his shield.  His momentum carried him through to the edge of the cliff.  For a second, he thought that he could pull himself back, but he had moved too quickly and fell over the edge
The entire chamber became unstable and began to shake.  The ceiling was falling apart.  Pieces of the ceiling crashed around them.  A large piece fell next to Torik and the ogres he fought.  They stumbled, lost their footing, the ogres and Torik fell over the side of the cliff.
Farra watched in horror.  “Torik, nooooo!” she yelled.
Just as soon as she yelled his name, she heard his usual shriek of shape shifting.  A second later, she saw him rising up, flying in his half-eagle form.  With his heavy ogre bones, his skills in flight could not compare to that of a real bird, but it was enough for him to catch some air and soar upward.  
“I’m coming to you Bomani!” he yelled, soaring toward the ceiling and then back down again toward Bomani who was hanging on the side of the cliff with one hand.   
As Torik zoomed toward Bomani, the rocks continued to fall from the ceiling of the crumbling chamber.  This time, one fell, hitting Torik directly during his flight.  He was trapped under this large rock as it pushed him downward into the darkness at the bottom of the room. 
“Torik!”  Again, Farra screamed and peeked over the side of the cliff, waiting for him to rise again.  But this time he did not rise.  She looked at Bomani. 
“Grab my hand!”  Farra yelled to him.
She tried to pull him up.  She put her staff down and struggled with both hands.  
Then she felt it.  As the mark on her face became complete, her eyes lit up.  She turned to Pupa who was on the other side backing away from a group of ogres, and his eyes lit up as well.   For a moment, she felt herself in Pupa’s place, and he in hers.   Their sacred union was complete.  Pupa’s body changed.  What was once a lovable cute animal now looked fierce, as his fangs and claws grew longer.  He tore into the ogres’ flesh with ease.
The chamber shook more with every second that passed.  Farra desperately tried to keep her balance.  
“Farra! Behind you.” Bomani shouted.  The rocks broke from the ceiling directly above her and fell downward.  Quickly, she let go of one hand, grabbed her staff, and raised it above her head, holding it horizontal.  
The rocks stopped in mid-air, just above her.  Both she and Bomani were amazed.  This was a new trick, and her instinct had carried it out perfectly.  With one wave of her staff, the rocks fell to the side.  She looked back at Bomani and smiled.  
Then she lost her balance all together and he pulled her over the cliff.  They both fell downward through the air into the dark below them, toward a floor of jagged rocks. 
Without a thought Pupa jumped after them, over the edge of the peak.  It was a long way down.  Too far down for any mortal to survive. The sharp rocks below would easily pierce through them like a sword, through linen.  
Then, something compelled Farra to act quickly.  She reached into her pouch and grabbed the last remaining rune, the space rune.  Please work, send us back, she thought to herself and tossed the rune ahead of them as they fell.
The rune glimmered and a thin pool of shiny waving purple water appeared ahead of them, just above the ground.  It was a rift in space.  The rune had created a doorway for them to fall through instead of smashing into the rocks at the bottom of the cave.  They fell through this space rift; Bomani, then Farra, then Pupa, and a second later, it disappeared.


Chapter 33
 OVER THE HILL


Hagga had just come in to her hut from the river, not too far from where she lived.  She had brought with her five fish that she and the griot would eat for dinner.  As she walked in, he smiled at her.  
“What are you smiling at?” she asked in a spiteful tone.  “I would have been back sooner had I had some help.”  
He was getting old, becoming less and less active.  Still, she taunted him anyway, just to make sure that it was only his body that had been giving out, and that he was not just becoming outright lazy.  He knew that she would fend for him if he could not, and he loved her for it. 
He did not pay her cynical behavior much mind.  He was happy she had brought him food.  He slowly walked over to help her with her catch and she snapped at him.  
“Oh, now you want to help me, now that the food is here.   I figured you would just wait for me to cook it and shove the pieces into your mouth!”  
Although he rarely spoke, he was going to answer her, but when the rift appeared, they were both taken out of their moment.  	“It’s the children!” she said, pushing him aside. “Make some room!”
Bomani and Farra fell through the purple rift and found themselves in a jumbled pile on the ground of Hagga’s hut.  “Well, I see you didn’t come back empty handed,” Hagga said, eyeing the Ifa scepter.
Bomani was out of breath, and slightly moaning as he wiped droplets of purple water off himself.  “Yeah, piece of cake.”
“Piece of cake?”  Farra exclaimed. “Are you kidding? Hagga, this was no doubt the hardest thing I have ever been through. I mean there was a panther that tried to eat us and a big volcano. And oh, we met your sister but I would swear it was you. And Pupa died, well I thought he was dead but he wasn’t but I thought he was. And the ogres kept coming.  Every time we turned around there were the ogres, again and again.  And poor Torik, poor poor Torik tried to help us and he did but then I think he’s dead Hagga can you do something, I think he is dead!”
“I cannot bring the dead back, child. I’m sorry, that is not within my power.”
“Maybe he’s okay, Farra.  Maybe we will see him again.”  Bomani tried to console her.
“I’m afraid you children have no time to rest.”  Hagga started.
 “Why not?” asked Bomani.
“Hatari knows that you got that space rune from me.  It’s a Shaman thing.  I fear that, even as we speak, he is sending his ogre armies from the north of the Forbidden Lands on his way to find you.  You must get the scepter back to your Kingdom.  You are not safe yet.”
 “Then you must come with us, Hagga.”  Bomani said with a hint of concern. “That means that you are not safe here either.”
“Oh, I’m safe enough.  I have had my own battles with Hatari; this is not one of them.  His ogres would not dare try to harm me, but I can’t protect you.  You must go!”   
“Don’t you have anything to give us?  We sure could use one of the magical runes.  We used them all up,” said Farra.
“Not this time, young one.  You will have all the power you need within you, when you need it.”         

*     *     *     *
    
They ran quickly across the fields of the Forbidden Lands toward the northern border.  It was not long before they could hear the ogres coming up behind them.  They reached the base of a hill and as they climbed, they knew the enemy was close.  After reaching the top, they would only have a mile or so before the guard towers would be in view.  If they could just make it that far, they would be safe.  Unfortunately, the ogres’ great stamina always worked on their behalf, pushing them ever closer to the children.  At the pace the ogres were going, it did not seem as if the children would make it.
Even so, they did not give up.  They climbed the hill, tackling it as if their very lives depended on it; which they did.  When they got to the top, they both fell to the ground in amazement.  Before them, an army had spread itself across the field. It was impenetrable and it was theirs!  It was Bomani’s father, the King, and his brother Mongo.  They sat atop battle elephants, and war rhinos with their shields and spears.  On the ground, there were hundred warriors all ready for battle.  Not only that, but they were joined by the Animen.  Bomani had never seen such a sight.  The Animen stood firmly with their wolves by their sides.  These wolves were not small like Pupa; they were huge, almost matching the height of their masters. 
Mongo dismounted from his monstrous battle elephant and ran to his brother, scooping him up and carrying him from the forefront of the battlefield, as did one of the Animen to help Farra and Pupa.  Their exhaustion was apparent.  They had no need to fight anymore, not with this colossal army there to protect them.  
The skirmish was short.  When the ogres saw them, they should have turned back right then, but they did not.  They attempted a meaningless battle against the army, but they soon gave up and retreated into the Forbidden Expanse.


Chapter 34
 GOLDEN CROWN

	
The next morning Bomani awoke in his own bed for the first time in what felt like years.  Usually he was up an hour or so after sunrise, but it seemed that his tired body had begged him to sleep much later.  He walked outside his chamber, past the guard that stood there regularly.  Their eyes met, and when the guard nodded his head, there was an added tightening of his lips and squinting of his eye.  Bomani read this as an extra sign of respect that he had never seen before.  He nodded back.
“Bomani has awakened!” the guard shouted and then another voice from another guard could be heard in the distance, “Bomani has awakened,” and then another even further, and then another, until it was obvious that the voices came from outside the main palace and well into the fairgrounds.  This was new.   
He rounded the corner into the hallway of the great castle and was met by his brother.
“Heh, the day is half over.  Perhaps you should just wait until tomorrow to rise out of bed,” Mongo teased.
“How long have I slept?”  Bomani asked him.  
“Oh, the sun has already crossed its height, little brother.”
“Really?”  Bomani asked, a bit confused. “I’m surprised mother didn’t wake me.”
“Oh, she is waiting for you, and so is father.  We really didn’t get a chance to discuss you stealing the map, and sneaking off alone.”
“Drat!  I was hoping father would forget all about that.  Everything happened so fast last night that I don’t even remember climbing into bed.”
“Ha ha, that’s because you didn’t.  You fell sound asleep on the way back from fighting the ogres.   You lay on the back of my battle elephant the whole way.  I put you into bed when we got back.”
“You did?”  Bomani asked.
“Me and mother.”  Mongo replied with a smile.  “You must have had quite a journey.  I’m sure every griot in the kingdom will await your story to add to their collection.  But I want to hear it first.”
“Do you think mother will scold me?”
“I think she is waiting for you.  Come!”  Mongo made a gesture with his hand and Bomani followed behind him.
“Where are we going?”  Bomani asked as they passed the entrance to the main hall.  “Aren’t they in the hall.”
“No.”  Mongo replied and then gave a smirk.  “Outside.”  
They exited the large circular structure and for a moment Bomani squinted from the sunlight.  As his vision returned to normal, he looked out across the grounds and saw that they were filled with people, he guessed hundreds, or even thousands of them.  All of them could not have been from Ufalme alone, he thought, people must have come from other villages as well.  
They all began to kneel as Bomani walked forward, just as they had done many times for the King.  He was paralyzed with confusion.  Mongo took a few steps in front of him and then turned to face him; then he bowed his head and knelt before him.  It was not until that moment that he realized that all of this was for him, that all of these people were kneeling before him. 
Lastly, his father and mother walked into his view from the side and placed themselves in front of him, turning their backs to the crowd, and they too knelt.  King Jumbe proudly looked into Bomani’s eyes.  His choice for the heir to his throne had just become that much more difficult. 
A lump of anxiety built inside Bomani’s chest.  There had not been this big of a ceremony for him since he was a newborn, and he certainly did not remember that.   To see not just his brother, but his mother, and even his father — the King — kneeling before him made Bomani feel humbled.
“We, the kingdom of Ufalme, thank you.”  King Jumbe said.
Bomani was not sure what all this meant.  Perhaps it was to honor him for bringing back the Ifa Scepter.  That made the most sense.  But, just possibly, his deeds had produced the desired effect that he had wanted in the first place.  Maybe, just maybe, his father was officially honoring him as his true successor.  
He looked at the crown shining in all of its golden glory, atop his father’s head.  It demanded respect; it held power, represented leadership, and stood for everything he had always wanted.  
But, he realized, something was different inside of him.  So much had happened through his journey, and it had changed him somehow.  He looked at all of the people before him and saw them as just that, people, not only subjects of the King.  They had family and friends; they struggled to eat everyday, they sang songs, laughed, cried, and cheered when the moment struck them.  
He realized then, that this ceremony could be that moment that he had longed for.  Of course, he was not at all sure.  Perhaps he was totally wrong, and they just wanted to honor his returning of the Ifa Scepter.  But, for the first time in his life, he did not care.  The crown suddenly meant nothing to him.  He only cared for the welfare of the people and the kingdom.  His whole life, all he had wanted was to be King, but now he knew that there were other things in life that were far more important.
.   

Chapter 35
GROWTH


With the scepter back in its place, the next month showed obvious changes in the kingdom.  Bomani found that when he walked around, people nodded to him and smiled out of sheer respect. He gladly returned the gesture without a hint of a desire for showing off or proving anything to anyone.  The girls that giggled as they walked by, giggled through a coy shyness instead of the humor of mocking the younger of the two brothers.  
The pastures of the kingdom showed growth in the land that had been long since forgotten.  The people marveled at the flourishing green grass, which in turn made for happy, healthy game. They listened to the wind that whooshed through the trees and to the harmonious sound the river made against its banks.
Bomani’s habitual ride on his war-rhino Nassir took on new meaning.  It was as if each day that he ventured out, he was discovering new growth and new life.
  
Bomani mounted Nassir and rode him out of the gate of the stables.  
“You ready, boy?” he said to the powerful animal.  	Nassir grunted with every breath in anticipation of the run; just waiting for the sign from Bomani to take off at full speed.  	“I’m just glad no one had to chop you up for meat.”  
The beast gave a louder grunt and shook his head, as if he understood.
“Bomani,” he heard a familiar voice call from behind him.  He slowly turned his head around to see his childhood foe approaching from behind him.  He pulled the reins to bring Nassir to a halt and sighed.
“What is it, Anan,” he asked reluctantly.
“You’ve been avoiding me since you got back,”	
“We’ve never had much to discuss, and I didn’t want any trouble.”
“Well, I was the one that gave you the idea to fetch the scepter.  I think you owe me.”
“Is it a fight you want, Anan?”
“Ha, no.  We have gone that route far too many times Bomani.  I’m done with fighting. The boys and I wanted to invite you to a game of liddet.”
“Really?”  Bomani asked, not sure if there was an angle, but from the look on Anan’s face, there was none.
“Yeah, in fact, we’d like for you to play with us more often.”
“I’ve seen you play, Anan.  You’re quite good.  It would be an honor.”
“Good, from now on we will settle our differences on the field.”
The boys nodded at each other.  Bomani knew Anan well, and this was his way of offering some sort of peace between them, and Bomani was happy to take him up on his offer.  There were many enemies out there in the world.  Bomani did not want to have any in his own home.  Besides, he wanted to try out this new skill called friendship.
“So, it’s settled then?”  Bomani asked.
“Yea, Bomani, it’s settled.”
“I’ll see you when I return from my ride.”
“Oh,” Anan, replied. “Perhaps, one day you could teach me how to ride a rhino the way you do.”
“I could do that.”
“Okay, then.  I guess it is settled,” Anan said.  	“Yaaaaah!”  Bomani yelled out and smacked Nassir on the backside.  
The beast took off running and Bomani quickly leaned into the wind for the ride across the countryside.  He rode for an hour before settling down next to the river.  In the past, it had been more of a muddy stream, and it had been barely a half foot deep, but it coursed at five feet since the recent rains had fallen.  It was complete with fish, birds and game that came to drink there. 
As he sat, his mind wandered to his one and only true friend, Farra.  He had not seen her since they had been back.  He missed her innocent smile and the annoying way she talked when she was scared or nervous.  He figured that soon, he would take her mother up on that offer of a meal and visit their village.
Soon a small wolf interrupted his thoughts.  Little Pupa had jumped into his lap and began licking Bomani’s face.  This was the small cute version, without the long claws and teeth.
“Pupa!” he shouted, wrestling with the pup and laughing.  Then he looked over to see Farra standing above him.  He jumped to his feet and embraced her with a hug, “Farra!”
“Oh, Bomani,” she said back to him, “You’ve really got this hugging thing down.”
“I wanted to come see you, my friend, but with the Ifa Scepter in place and all that has been going on in Ufalme, my father has been keeping me apprised of all that has been happening with the new growth.  The entire kingdom is changing every day.  What brings you out here?”
Farra pulled back a little, and her smiling face turned a bit more serious for a moment.  “There is something I must do Bomani,” she said and then gave a smile again. “You wanna tag along?”



Follow another great adventure of this series with the book
The Ancient Lands:  Tribe of Leopards


Let your youngest of readers enjoy 
“The Ancient Lands,” with a fully illustrated adventure.

 “The Adventures of Farra and Bomani.”
Coming soon


www.theancientlands.com


Follow us on twitter and Facebook for updates on our on-going Ancient Lands Projects 
Facebook/theancientlands
 www.twitter.com/theancientlands
pinterest/jasonmccammon

Like the book?  Then go online and write a comment or review and be sure to tell your friends!
Suggested places to write comments and reviews:
Amazon.com
Goodreads.com
Facebook.com
