The Acolyte And The Amulet
John Gorman
Copyright © 2019 by John Gorman

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Cover Design by BetiBup33 Design

For Emily, my pride and joy who inspired me to write this book,

For Martha, my wonderful wife who puts up with my guff and makes me a better mage.


Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Table of Contents
Prologue
1.Glanzing’s Getaway
2.The Seer
3.Gordon Centaur
4.The Truth
5.Mentor And Acolyte
6.Two Surprises
7.Harberk’s Castle
8.Shade Sheldon
9.Cobbler’s Creek
10.Swamp Monster
11.The Golliwog Festival
12.Don’t Spend Yourself
13.Boat to Pōg
14.Goatswallow Hills
15. Far Fetch
16.Heel of Dunbar
17.Secret Society
18.Mulby Nut Trade Cycle
19. Bol
20. Torlevy
21. Fulwego
22. The Flood
23. The Mystical Chalice
24. Searching For Vigo
25. The Forked Road
26. Nearing Nebilon
27. Mean Streets
28. Mount Vulpine Wakes Up
About The Author
Connect With the Author
Special Preview of Book Two of the Nebilon Series

Prologue

The Ancient Book of Amazing But Almost Forgotten Charms was nothing more than a neophyte’s reference guide to understanding magic. Nobody exactly knew for sure when and where it had first turned up or who its author was. The original incarnation was thought to be nothing more than a few hand-scrawled napkins— the idle blathering of a senile scamp, but over time this tiny reference guide to enchantments had managed to beef up into a tome, a formidable grimoire that, when seized by an ambitious sorcerer, could make a mediocre mage magnificent. Its mystique grew as well as the desire to possess it.
It once belonged to a wily warlock named Siggy, who went on to become the Greatest Shapeshifter of Nebilon, and was later known as Sigmund the Wise. He brought the art of deception to new heights when he morphed himself into a cuddly owl and proceeded to spy on his closest allies and discovered their plot to oust him. Before they had the chance to strike, he beat them to the punch. This made Siggy a living legend, and a glut of shapeshifters ensued, earnestly trying to emulate him. None could evince him and he lorded his superior transformative abilities over his rivals for another twenty-seven years until he ate some bad clams and met his untimely demise.
After Siggy’s reign as Supreme Mage, the grimoire found its way into the crafty hands of Malcolm the Magnificent, The Second Great Borrower, who used the book more for his personal gain than for the betterment of magekind, which was undoubtedly the Nebilonian way. Some of the charms he used for such malicious means that they cannot ever be mentioned. Those ill-begotten charms rendered unrepeatable crumbled along with their pages. Nonetheless, during that dark and dreary period, a statue was built to honor The Second Great Borrower.
Thereafter, the book volleyed back and forth between the archrival orders the Molwats and the Bulgogi in such a tug-of-war that many more pages got soiled, sullied, and ripped apart. Later-generation mages had begun to doubt the potency of the book’s magic and regarded it as nothing more than a hollow book for hiding pegos, snuff boxes, or other trinkets. For nearly a century, its whereabouts were unaccounted for until a nameless hermit discovered it one day as he slipped on a mote of dust, trying to light his candelabra. He’d been using the great tome as a footstool.
Somehow it ended up back on a dusty shelf in the archive of the Molwats’ library.
Chapter One Glanzing’s Getaway

Magic surged throughout Spork, the infamous city in the armpit of Nebilon. It streamed into the Bulgogi Quarters, flickering in a bright vermilion glow, wheeling through the Plaza of Reckless Rumination. It splashed and sparkled above the Molwats’ Bell Tower and sizzled and popped in between the alleys of Ravens Row, where many mages furrowed their brows and pointed accusatory fingers at each other.
Its bright flash of colors swirled along the Bridge of the Infinite Unknown and hit a crescendo in the Main Plaza as sparks and smoke rose from Benny Feldspar’s Workshop. The crafty tinkerer was up to his evening antics. He claimed not to be a sorcerer. Phuh. If he wasn’t a sorcerer, then he was a monkey’s uncle, and he might very well have been. Whatever he was working on, he had a crowd of gawkers piled into the streets to catch a glimpse. Some snacking on cones of meat or bags of fiddle-faddle. Many chugging back root beer.
Not all of Spork’s citizens were basking in the brilliant blur of color outside Benny Feldspar’s Workshop. A crusty weatherworker, who went by Glanzing, was holed up in the Molwats’ dingy library. Not reading per se, but having the last go-around before his dismissal. He made the egregious mistake of touching a book in the Off-Limits section. To add insult to injury, he could not seem to put the book back on the shelf where he had removed it. It was in pitiful shape, something like a dragon’s chew toy. A sudden movement or a sneeze would’ve whisked it into oblivion.
Pitiful may have been its state, but infinite was its future in the right hands. Not that the aforementioned weatherworker had the right hands for such an important book, but he was stuck with it, for the moment, and he stared at it.
Was he in such a daze that he was completely oblivious? Perhaps one of the illusionists was pranking him in retaliation. Glanzing was quite the troublemaker, which is why he had just been expelled from the Molwats for a second time.
There was too much heft for it to be an illusion, and though he tried putting it back on the shelf, the book almost seemed glued to his grasp. He read a little. Most of it seemed gibberish, or else, in ancient verse, or chicken scratch script. Some of the pages spilled into sand. What a drag!
Then he came upon a passage about stormbrewing, how to add extra zip to lightning bolts.
Nobody would miss it in its shabby condition, and there might be some other good spells in it.
When Glanzing heard a sneeze, he peered through the slits in the bookshelf and saw one of the minor mages snoozing under a pile of books. Nothing that could harm him.
Still, it was better to move on before getting caught. At the end of the Off-Limits section was the cuckoo clock. The big hand made its tick, and the obnoxious bird came out to make its noise.
By the third chime, Glanzing was finally able to close the book. He placed it on the table and was about to go when he stopped himself short. He couldn’t take his eyes off the book, and the cuckoo could not seem to take its eyes off the weatherworker. The wonky bird dared the weatherworker to take it. If Glanzing did, he would have all the time he needed to soak up a few worthy spells, and then he could either sell it or pawn it for a few pegos, and that should be enough for him to get away.
He wasn’t planning on returning to Spork or any of the cities in Nebilon. He’d miss some of it like the root beer fountains, the sizzle and pop of all that magic echoing throughout the open plazas, but not the petty politics and the constant stir from the Council of Mages.
Spork had gotten too congested, bloated really, and it was time for him to skedaddle. He was more of a loner anyway and would rather hustle and forage for his grub than have to contend with an unruly dining hall full of grumbling, belching Molwats who would chomp off a finger or a nose if it got in the way of their stew.
In recent years, Nebilon had really boomed. Spork became the main hub, followed by its sister city Spawn. A rush of warlocks, witches, and sorcerers flooded to the heart of the magic city. It was no longer the quaint, upcoming place Glanzing had first set foot in so many years ago.
While there were other notable magic realms, they were far removed and didn’t have the same va va voom, nor the ample amenities as Nebilon. If Glanzing was a transformer or an illusionist, he might have hung on a bit longer, but he wasn’t. He was a weatherworker, and his talent was a better match for wider expanses: mountain ranges, jungles, and open seas. He was hemmed in with all of Nebilon’s edifices, plazas, and statues.
As the weatherworker was about to slip the book in his knapsack, a few more doggy-eared pages drizzled into grains of sand. What a joke! Only a desperate soul or a glutton for punishment would mess with it. Doubtful it could ever be repaired.
Anybody who wanted the burden of restoring it had to be nuts.
Glanzing found some cloth and carefully began to wrap the tome as a mummy. If he didn’t gauze it up properly, it was likely to shred to smithereens before he snuck out of the library.
Yes, he stole it. Why not? Was it even considered stealing if it was in such shabby shape? Unlikely.
The blackballed enchanter was off to make a fresh start, claim his stake. As far as the enterprise of wizardry was concerned, he was damaged goods, and so was the book. He’d had eight decades to prove himself, more or less the industry average, but with wizardry getting so cutthroat, he was better off being an outsider, unencumbered by the politics and pettiness of old, gray-bearded men and their magicmaking.
The Molwats didn’t want him, and neither did the Bulgogi. Not that they didn’t have legitimate gripes. Glanzing’s potential hit an irreversible slog. Pranks were about all he was good for and a lot of good they did him.
Daimjee was still itching to wring his neck for calling up that westerly gust and blowing away his turkey pot pie. Glanzing didn’t conduct himself like a worthy mage, nor did he look the part. He didn’t even have a single gray hair on his beard, and he was pushing ninety, which was about middle age for most mages.
The lack of gray was purely a superficial criterion and really made no difference when it came to spellweaving and magicmaking, but to the distinguished orders like the Molwats and the Bulgogi, who had high images to maintain, it meant a great deal. Both had kicked his can to the curb. Even the oddball of the oddballs, beard-to-the-knees Shambians, who were nothing more than glorified druids, wrote him off. The tea leaves said he was jinxed. So did the whimpering whip-poor-wills. 
Glanzing hadn’t the foggiest idea which way to go. He had no physical or internal compass. His prospects would shine brighter in Spawn or Spore, but those were still Nebilonian cities, and even though a weatherworker might prove more useful in either one, he needed more distance.
As he moved on, the mummified lump in his knapsack became cumbersome. Heavier than he anticipated and seemed to be getting heavier. Was he already feeling guilty? Only a chump would feel guilty after all those nasty things the Mages of his Ex-Order had said about him.
Glanzing looked awfully conspicuous standing there, twiddling his opposable thumbs. So he headed south. That’s where all the birds went for warmth and peace of mind. So it seemed as good a direction as any to go.
He’d worry about the ultimate destination later. Maybe. The time came in every mage’s life when he had to test his mettle, make it on his own. With the sun on his cheeks and a nifty breeze tossing his hair, he couldn’t have asked for a better start.
Of course, there’d be consequences. There always were. He couldn’t just waltz off with an ancient book of spells and not expect to shoulder some responsibility. This wasn’t merely the twerpy prank of a disgruntled kid stealing the ball because nobody wanted to play with him. Magic was at stake. The future of magic and the lives it could enrich. The good, the bad, and the many shades in between. All those power-hungry mages, longing to usurp control over Nebilon and its outer realms. Those with scrying abilities or working crystal balls could track him down.
Glanzing did an about-face when he heard the crunching sound of footsteps. Beads of sweat were dripping from his bushy brows, cheeks, and chin. He’d gotten in over his head. Again.
Cooler heads prevailed. So the saying went, but Glanzing’s head was hot and sweaty, and a swarm of butterflies was fluttering around in his tummy.
There was only one way he could calm himself down. He loped over to the nearest fountain for a swig of inspiration. He filled his bota and then took a big gulp. Root beer. His favorite. That had to be an omen. One of the few things he’d really miss about Nebilon. He glugged down the bubbly brown soda and then refilled his bota. It was bound to be a long trip, and he let loose a spectacular belch.
Glanzing didn’t have a chance to pass the Plaza of Reckless Rumination before he had his first tangle. His erstwhile mentor Rohan, the Master Binder, came over to the weatherworker.
“Where are you off to in such a hurry?” Rohan said.
“Nowhere special. Wherever the wind sends me,” Glanzing said.
“That’s the spirit. Maybe I’ll join you.”
“Uh, no. I mean, you’re not leaving your post?” Glanzing said with a bit too much worry.
“Of course not. But I could use some fresh air.”
Molwatian Mages were notorious for their strolls. It brought clarity to their thinking, and Rohan had that ponderous look about him, the gleam of the consummate mentor always meddling, always mentoring. Was there a difference?
It was hard to lose an acolyte, and the Master Binder spoke earnestly with Glanzing probably needed a little more quality time with the weatherworker. A chance for some closure.
Rohan had the biggest heart of all the Mages within his Order, and therefore the suckiest track record for converting acolytes into full-fledged wizards. There was definitely an art to the magecraft, and feelings were strictly for the finger painters. Glanzing couldn’t say no. It would look suspicious if he ditched Rohan without a final farewell.
“You know, this isn’t for everybody,” Rohan said.
“Some of us just aren’t cut out for it,” Glanzing said.
“Well put. But there’s a big world out there, beyond Nebilon. When I was a little boy, I wanted to be a hawker of goods like those filthy-faced runts who sell paper cones filled with meat or snails or the dinghy boys who dock boats and collect barnacles.”
“Now, look how you turned out.”
“Yes, humor is the best balm in the world, better than whatever Loogish has been cooking up in his apothecary. Trust me, you are going to be fine. I know it.”
Glanzing stared at the mage, and his palms got clammy. Could the Master Binder read his mind? It wasn’t Rohan’s main gift. That was binding spells.
If somehow Rohan tapped into the weatherworker’s mind or could sniff out the great book hidden in his knapsack, then Glanzing was a goner. Rohan would have him tethered for eternity. Trapped in a dungeon with ferocious beasts or holed up in the kitchen, washing all the pots and pans.
They stood there in awkward silence until somebody blew the midday meal horn. Rohan’s eyes widened, his jawline tensed. He had to split because it was Willamina’s snack time. She was merciless on an empty belly and would soon roar in response to the horn. Rohan said his parting words, shook Glanzing’s hand. Then he dashed off to feed the beast.
Glanzing made sure Rohan was completely out of sight before crossing the plaza. He could have left behind a nasty shower or a hailstorm, but that would draw too much attention. It was better to make a clean break, and besides, he already had the book. That was enough. The Molwats were finally behind him, and he was out in the elements with a full knapsack and a clean slate. He pulled out a piece of jerky and had himself a big bite.
Chapter Two The Seer
Luma had to sit again. The vision came back. This time it was unbearable. She scrunched her head between her knees, trying to stop her head from pounding.
The harsh sun had already taken its toll, burning her bare arms. Her cheeks flushed, her lips chapped, and her throat parched. She was so thirsty she could guzzle a whole bucket of water, and her mind kept rumbling. The tighter she shut her eyes, the sharper the image. That face, she knew it. Tyler, the blacksmith’s son, but the surroundings blurred. Bright blue. Bluer than the cloudless sky. His eyes wide with wonder, swirling. Blinking, maybe. Then his brow arched as if in pain or fear. His gaze seemed primal as if in grave danger, pleading with her to help.
She had to do something. 
The pain in her mind throbbed, but she fixed on Tyler’s face. Slowly, the rest of his features became crisp, clearer. His long neck, broad shoulders, and flailing arms. Then a lily pad. What was that doing there? Then a goldfish, puckering. How bizarre?
All of a sudden, it hit her. The water. That mad rush. He was drowning in the river. Luma got up and bolted over the slopes. New energy surged within her being. Her heart pounded as she dashed from the farm.
When she got to the river, she didn’t have a moment to catch her breath. Tyler was bobbing in the water, head soaked, arms flailing.
Luma was only a passable swimmer and dreaded the challenge but had no other choice. She hated to dunk her face underwater, rarely went in above her knees. She dove in without a second thought. She gurgled water as she slapped her way through the whirling eddies across the river. Tyler was whimpering as the currents pulled him out.
As he sunk, his hand remained above the foamy crest, fingers shivering like a wave goodbye. Bubbles, popping behind his plunge. Luma swam underneath, lunging toward him as much with her limbs as with her mind and heart.
The water was so clear it was almost too painful, watching the struggling boy, so Luma shut her eyes and led with her outstretched hand. She finally reached him and struggled mightily to pull him out, even getting conked on the head by his elbow. Somehow she remained composed, unrattled by the flub. It made her focus more, and Luma gathered the wherewithal to haul Tyler back to dryland.
They both dropped onto the bank and lay on their backs. Tyler was coughing and choking. Luma turned his head, letting him spit up water. She brushed her wet locks away from her eyes and looked at him. Tyler didn’t seem the least bit grateful. He scowled at Luma, and she snapped at him for his undue scorn.
“What is eating you?” Luma said. “I just saved your life.”
“I don’t need your help,” Tyler snapped back.
“Of course, you did. You were drowning.”
“I was swimming.”
“Like a rock.”
“Leave me alone.”
Tyler got up. He headed back to the river, and Luma followed him.
“Don’t you have somewhere to go?” Tyler said.
“Nope. I am not leaving you for a second.”
They had a stare-off, and although she didn’t mean to, Luma couldn’t help fighting back a chuckle. It seemed absurd to argue after such an ordeal. 
“What are you snickering about?” Tyler said.
“I wasn’t snickering,” Luma said. “Not about you, anyway. Don’t worry. Your secret is safe with me.”
“I don’t have any secret.”
“Fine. Be that way.”
“What are you insinuating?”
“Only that you don’t know how to swim.”
“I do, too,” Tyler said, nearly fuming.
“Then why were you drowning?”
“I must have kicked a rock and stubbed my toe.”
Luma peered down at Tyler’s toes. Not a blight on any of them. Tyler winced at being discovered.
“Don’t be that way, Tyler. I thought we were friends.”
“I’m angry. That’s all.”
“I can teach you to swim if you’d like.”
This infuriated the boy, and he stormed off again. This time he didn’t go toward the water. He grabbed his shirt and pants and frantically pulled them on. Luma turned as he quickly dressed as if she were suddenly embarrassed by his bare chest and sinewy legs. The awkwardness of puberty had suddenly crept up on her. She was also relieved not to have to jump back into the river and save him again. She didn’t think she had enough strength left, but she still wanted to make sure he was okay. Also, she wanted to spend more time with him.
Tyler tried to walk ahead, but Luma kept up with his pace without talking. Only the crunching sound of their footfalls lingered. Tyler kicked a rock then made his big confession.
“I have to learn to swim if I go out on a voyage.”
“Go on a voyage,” Luma repeated. “Is there something I don’t know?”
“Never mind. I shouldn’t have opened my mouth.”
“No. Go on.”
“I’m tired of being an apprentice. Tired of being here in Snupplebreeze.”
“You don’t want to be a blacksmith?”
“No.”
“Then what do you want to be?”
“I’ve always wanted to go on an adventure, ride a tall ship. Maybe even out to the Elbianic Sea.”
“Well, I’ll be. Tyler Husk, the mariner. Never would I have guessed it.”
“Don’t laugh at me. It’s bad enough you rescued me. I’m not getting any younger, you know.”
“You’re only fifteen.”
“That didn’t stop Reif Knudson and Dewey Ploth from making their marks.”
“That’s true. But you are not them.”
“No. But how will I know what I am capable of if I don’t go out and seek my path.”
Luma couldn’t argue there. Lately, she had been thinking pretty much about the same thing, finding her own path. She was meant to be more than a farmhand, even though her Auntie needed her to help feed the chickens and milk the goats.
“Won’t your dad be furious with you if you leave him in the lurch?”
“He hasn’t taught me anything useful. All I ever do is hammer shoes onto horse hooves. Who wants to waste their life doing that?”
“I see what you mean, but you’re the only child. Nobody is there to carry on the tradition if you go.”
“My dad and I will both have to live with that. He’ll probably disown me since smithing has been in our family for over two hundred years. I can’t understand why none of my ancestors ever broke out on their own.”
“Maybe because all of your ancestors had to feed their families.”
“Well, it’s just me now, and I can take care of myself.”
Luma wasn’t going to argue with the obvious, and she obviously knew that he wasn’t ready to set off by himself right then. If he did, he would be in for a rude awakening.

***

Before nightfall, Luma was still tending to her chores, mulling over the implications of her bravery. She crossed a threshold and was only beginning to realize that something much bigger than her usual vision headaches was percolating inside her.
As the corn stalks swayed in the warm breeze, a dark cloud loomed over the horizon. The moment Luma fixed on it, it paled into a white feather.
The chickens approached her with newfangled reverence. Even her favorite goat, Parvu (wise one), looked at her differently. His large brown eyes sunken under thick, bushy brows and his distinguished chin, which he often held demurely as if in deep contemplation.
Luma shared her feelings with Parvu, what had been eating her up inside, and how she never wanted to be different than anybody else and that she would trade almost anything, not to be able to see into the future.
She hated being a witch and promised Parvu that one day they would run away together from Snupplebreeze to somewhere far off, maybe even Gwilp or the Zoppin Forests, and when they got there, they could live as they pleased because they understood each other and nobody would pass judgment.
Corbilia glimmered above the crescent moon in the northern expanse. Luma fixed on it. Brighter than she’d ever seen it, the other stars paled in contrast. She mulled over tales she’d heard about explorers sailing across the silvery seas and how Corbilia guided them through many wistful, windswept nights. She was almost ready to set out on her own adventure. Aunt Paula was the only thing that tethered her to her village. She worried about her aunt.
Luma worked at it, controlling her thoughts. Sometimes she could stop the visions from coming for a while. It was nice to bask in the tranquility. Then she went about her days doing what she loved, discovering new things— birds, flowers, and insects. She especially loved loping into town and talking with Meldor, the entertainer. He only came a few times a year and spent the rest of the time traveling and entertaining. He was a master juggler, fire-eater, and storyteller. Luma loved hearing his stories. They were filled with wonder. Like the time he came face to face with a tiger and tamed it simply by sharing his jelly donut.
Meldor was in the midst of a whimsical tale about how the Heel of Dunbar formed in the Peebish Sea when Luma shuddered. A terrible image revealed itself to her of a young man chased by soldiers on horseback.
“What’s the matter?” Meldor said.
“I saw something terrible.”
“Well, don’t keep it to yourself. Share your troubles, child.”
“I see a young man being chased by his foes.”
“Is he alone?”
“I think so. He seems lost and outnumbered. It is very dark, and he appears to be entering a forest. Wait. There’s something shimmering in the moonlight. A sharp blade from his longsword.” 
“He’s a knight!”
“He is and fully garbed in chainmail. He bears a crest on his left breastplate, an eagle. No. A falcon.”
“Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
“Gadzooks! A falcon. There is only one knightly falcon that I know of, and it is nowhere from these parts.”
“Where do you think he is from?” Luma inquired.
“Torlevy,” Meldor said without hesitation.
“Where is that?”
“Far off in the Eastern Realm, on an island by the Elbianic Sea, where the cliffs plunge into the sea, and there are countless ridges and reeves of pink coral, few ships have ever made it beyond wreckage.
Those foolish enough to make the voyage sank and now decorate the bottom shelf. Spirits are said to inhabit Torlevy. King Alban was one of only two mariners to make it ashore and got swept up in that oasis of beguiling beauty. Something about its aura changed him and his seafaring men. They settled off the Elbianic, made it their home.”
“Have you ever been there?”
“No, I have never had the chance. However, I have been to Fulwego, an island of mystical lore not far from Torlevy. It is said that Torlevy is the last great Kingdom of Alban’s dominion, King Alban, who fought off and defeated the greatest armies, barbarians, clans, marauders, and pirates, including Hemroth’s warriors.”
“Do you think the knight I see in my premonition is one of King Alban’s men?”
“It is the only explanation that makes any sense. These are strange times, and though nobody has challenged King Alban since Hemroth's warriors did nearly a century ago, it wouldn't surprise me if there was another King eager to show his might.”
“So was it Hemroth and his warriors who were the other mariners who made it to Torlevy?”
“Quite right, my young friend. It would be well advised for me to watch what I say around you. Your mind is as sharp as the blades you see from your visions.”
“Who won the battle between King Alban and Hemroth’s warriors?”
“That’s another great question that has many different answers depending upon who is being asked. It would take too much time to fully elaborate on so I must give you the briefest version, but the correct one, I believe.
There were many battles, and both sides lost many men. In fact, some say that King Alban had met his match in Hemroth and nearly buckled at the mighty mettle of the fierce barbarians. Nobody won. It was a stalemate, and it took many years for the castle of Torlevy to be restored. I've heard it never has fully been restored. One of the towers still lies in crumble and is festooned by seaweed and even barnacles. To my knowledge, nobody as of yet has challenged King Alban.”
“He must be over one hundred years old if he is still around.”
“He would be if he was still around. If my sources are correct, then it is his grandson, King Alban the 3rd, who is now at the helm of the empire. Although, I’m not so sure ‘empire’ is the right word for what his grandson now controls. With so much time passing, in such a farfetched place, how many inhabitants could be living on that island?”
Chapter Three Gordon Centaur
Somewhere between the crooked streets of Hocus Pocus and Raven’s Row, a rather conspicuous hooded person was nosing up to a bake shop’s window. He pressed to the glass but could only get so close. On the other side was a vast assortment of pies, cakes, and sweets of every size and shape, not to mention all that fresh-baked bread.
Glanzing only had a few coins, and there was no telling how long that would have to last him. A fistful of pegos didn’t go as far as it used to. He was better off sticking to the stale rolls and the strips of jerky he’d packed for himself. And it wasn’t a good idea to swipe a sweet from the tray. Bakers could be much more vicious than Mages. Many had a bloodlust for corporal punishment.
Glanzing moved on but kept window-gazing. No harm in that, although there were only so many custom-embroidered jerkins and pointy-tipped shoes one could gaze at on a single stroll. Snapcho’s Apothecary had a new display, a tray full of rare spices and herb concoctions. One that looked potent enough to blow the roof off the house or drop a drooling golem on the carpet.
Over by Raven’s Row, some kind of ruckus eked out from a back alley. Something wise men should steer clear from, but not necessarily wiseguys, weisenheimers, or wily weatherworkers, and Glanzing met all the unfortunate requirements of those three categories.
Still, it wasn’t a bad idea to take a quick glance just to be apprised of any imminent danger. Glanzing snuck a peek and saw an affable clutch of characters rooting and cheering for what he couldn’t tell. The flank of a centaur was blocking his view. The weatherworker almost bolted out right then because the centaur looked a bit like Gordon and Glanzing owed him money. It turned out not to be him, so Glanzing stuck around for some fun.
After much weaving, elbowing, ear-tickling, and neck-craning, he found a good spot. He saw a dwarf and a youngish man taking turns dropping seeds into wooden pits. A heated game of Mancala. His absolute favorite! No turning back.
Though he probably should have minded his own beeswax, his great love of gaming won out. He had to be there and bask in the rush of rooting and, time and weather-permitting, maybe even playing a game or two. This affliction was ubiquitous throughout Nebilon and probably in other realms too. Mancala gamers, whether gifted, pitiful, or promising, always had room for one more bout.
As far as Nebilonian standards went, Glanzing fit somewhere, although not quite neatly between the ranks of pitiful and promising. Mancala was relatively new to Spork, around for five hundred years or so, give or take a decade. It had been around much longer in Spawn and Spore.
It made its initial debut after the sailors and miners that came in from the Peebish Sea settlements stayed in Nebilon, waiting for their ships to return home. But its popularity was booming. Elsewhere they had much more elaborate ranking and rating systems. Take Doxby for instance, which required a pod of fancy pants mathematicians to regularly analyze metrics and strategies. Whereas Nebilon still relied more on street smarts.
Glanzing blended in fixed on the dropping seeds.
Plink, plink, plunk. He itched to get in the game and feel those precious seeds. Well, not precious and probably not even smooth. But that feel and that glorious sound. The plink, plink, plunk.
He made phantom moves with his fidgety fingers the way meadmongers and beernuts, waiting outside the locked doors of Brew Ha Ha’s pub, flinched for their early morning fixes.
The youngish man polished off the dwarf. Then a warlock and a satyr. Mowed both of them down. Each one another seed dropped into life’s proverbial pit.
Then he got up and split. Glanzing was up and took his place. That’s when dumb luck stuck its fat tongue at him. Gordon Centaur emerged from the crowd, and the weatherworker got a little weak in his knobby knees, but alas, he had nowhere to hide. Dashing off would end up in a fight, and the centaur would beat him to a pulp. Not to mention he had that forbidden book in his knapsack.
So the weatherworker stayed. The odds of Gordon forgetting about the debt were slim to nil. They played each other. That was inevitable. Then, after Gordon beat the weatherworker, he left.
Dumb luck’s cheesy attempt at an apology. Glanzing was not going to waste time wondering why he split. Although, it was extremely unusual to leave the table to the loser. Kind of went against the unwritten rules of Mancala. Maybe some head game the centaur was playing.
The weatherworker eventually lost his consolation spot and was ready to move on when the centaur caught the weatherworker by surprise, tapping his shoulder.
“You startled me,” Glanzing said.
“Why is that?” Gordon said. “We just played not five minutes ago. Did you think that I up and split?”
“Well, you did leave me the board.”
“I had to take care of something. Now I’m back, and I have to take care of something else.”
“Look, I know that I owe you five pegos. I’ll get it to you as soon as I can.”
“Don’t think I have forgotten. But I’m not interested in that right now.”
“Great! I really could use a clean slate.”
“No. I’m not letting you off the hook. I know you’ll pay me back. With interest. But there is something else that is much more pressing. Listen up, because this is urgent, and it is in your best interest to consider it wisely.”
The centaur scoped around to make sure nobody else listened in on their conversation.
“Gordon, you are acting strange. Is everything alright?” the weatherworker asked, clutching the centaur’s shoulder. A big mistake as centaurs absolutely detested this familiarity. Gordon stared at Glanzing’s unwelcome hand, and the weatherworker immediately dropped it to his side.
“Not really. But I don’t want to go into the dirty details right this instant.”
“Should we go back to your shop?”
“That would actually be much worse. Listen to me carefully. Hang tight until tonight. Meet me by the stable.”
“The Hearty Oats.”
“Not that one. Over by the Sloppy Trough.”
“That’s all the way over by the border of Spawn.”
“Exactly. And we will be much safer there. Trust me. Be there in one hour.”
“And what if I don’t go?”
“Then it’s on your head. I can only do so much.”
Glanzing touched the back of the knapsack. The lump was still there, but he had begun to feel squeamish about his silly whim to play Mancala.
“One hour. If you are a minute late, I will not wait.”
Glanzing had never experienced a slower hour. An absolute sloth. Something told him to bolt out of there and continue on his journey south. Nothing terrible had happened yet, and he wanted to stay in one piece. Of course, the sly centaur would never forgive the debt, but that’s the way the creamer curdled. How strange to bump into Gordon when he rarely saw him outside his shop, and even though he had known him for years, they never had a private meeting. Better to keep busy than to suffer through any reckless ruminations, so the weatherworker went over to Snacho’s Apothecary. He could easily kill an hour checking out the latest merchandise. Glow-in-the-dark toads, snake-charmer flutes, octopus goop, pufferfish pulp, salamander saliva, roly-poly dust. And much, much more. The shop door was locked, and a small sign pinned up to the window.
BACK IN 10 MINUTES.
Glanzing really did not have the luxury of waiting nor the patience. He was more of a pacer. Once the pacing started, he was better off heading to his destination. The Sloppy Trough was pretty far, and it would take him roughly an hour to lope it over by foot. He did not have the centaur’s luxury of galloping.
Glanzing made it to the stable a few minutes before the hour struck, so he took some time poking around the stalls. The warm whiff of hay and manure was almost intoxicating. He chewed a few hay straws to calm his nerves and found a friendly roan. He was so busy petting its mane he didn’t see the centaur sidling up to him.
“Didn’t think you’d show,” Gordon said.
“I’ve been known to surprise.”
“I’ll keep this brief. Don’t want anyone catching onto us.”
“Enough of the suspense. I want to know what the big idea is.”
“Forget what you already know about me as the purveyor of intangibles and other magical stuff, and think of me now, as an ambassador of goodwill. Hater of tyrants and the tireless lover of the underdog.”
“That’s a real switch. Is that how you see me?”
“Let’s not get all metaphysical here. All you need to know is that I am onto you, and if I know about it, then others do too. But I am not the one you need to over. Look, it doesn’t matter why you did it, but now you have to do something about it. Your childish attempt at getting even with the Molwats was not only ill-planned but unoriginal.”
Glanzing stepped back a couple of paces, sensing he was about to get jumped, and then realized he was boxing himself into a corner. The exit was actually behind the centaur. He might need to use some magic to make a getaway.
“Don’t be foolish,” Gordon said with a smirk. “I could’ve beaten you to a pulp and taken the book already.”
“Uh. What book?” Glanzing said.
“Your lying is even worse than your tactics. Shows me what a fool you are meeting in this desolate spot. Alone.”
“My inner sage serves me well.”
“Your curiosity and insecurity have gotten the better of you.”
“So what if it did?”
“Play all the games you want, but I know all about the Ancient Book of Amazing But Almost Forgotten Charms. And you have no business with it.”
“How do you know?”
“I saw you swipe it from inside my crystal ball.”
“Are you going to turn me in?”
“No. I have no such intentions.” 
“Then it’s a bribe you are after.”
“You are such a sorry sorcerer. I don’t know why I am even bothering to help you at all.”
“You want to help me?”
“Yes. This is not some dumb prank you are pulling on the Molwats. Magic is at stake, and the consequences could be enormous if that book falls into the wrong hands.”
“It’s nothing but a big mess. Hardly good for kindling and maybe kitty litter.”
“Maybe so. But what exactly can you do with it?”
“I took a gander at it. There are a couple of spells that might be useful for a weatherworker.”
“That book needs a Mender. Somebody who can truly restore it.”
“Where in all of Nebilon can I find a Mender?”
“There is one who can help you. Only one that I can think of, but he is your best bet.”
“Who?”
“Harberk.”
“That old goat. Is he even still alive?”
“His castle is located in Fram. If you are wise, you will pass the book into his hands. There is no guarantee that he can even restore it, but without him, there is really no chance.”
“And if I don’t?”
“Then you cannot say I didn’t warn you.”
“Do the Molwats already know? Daimjee? Rohan?”
“That I cannot say, but you know that it will only be a matter of time before they catch on. They are the least of your worries. There is a rogue mage out there who is becoming more and more powerful as we speak. Trying to take over the eastern realms.”
“Can’t you snoop back into your crystal ball and see what will happen to me? You already snooped on me once.”
“That was purely by accident, and now by me telling you what you have gotten yourself into, I have already done my part. So I can wash my hands of the whole sordid affair.”
“Will you come with me to Harberk’s castle? At least as a guide.”
“I cannot leave my shop, and if I did, that would be rather conspicuous. You know how both the Bulgogi and Molwats love to pay visits. I have many loyal customers.”
“So I’m just supposed to go there on my own and give him the book.”
“You can present it to him any way you like, but know this. You cannot treat this matter lightly. Much is at stake. The Balance of Power in Nebilon is in for a major shakeup. Spork will soon suffer a huge loss of magic. Spawn will go next and then Spore.”
“A world without magic. How absurd and barbaric?”
“Do the right thing. I know you will.”
“Don’t seem to have much of a choice.”
“You don’t have to do anything, but if you do nothing, then Nebilon’s doom is on your head.”
Glanzing mulled this over for a bit. He was truly flummoxed by the whole matter but didn’t want to be left alone too long with an ornery centaur. Not to mention, he still had a debt to settle with him. He wasn’t going to call his bluff. He left nodding in agreement, although he really hadn’t the faintest idea what he was signing up for. Although, a quest like this was the golden chance to earn his gray whiskers.
If that wasn’t motivation, what was?
He left the stable feeling better but not necessarily wiser, not a wise man, nor a savvy wizard. He’d begun his journey on a lark and was ready to leave as a legend. Still, he had doubts and needed more answers.
Centaurs were wise and noble beings, and their insights had been shaping civilization for longer than mere mortals cared to remember. Ignoring Gordon’s foreboding would likely be detrimental. He needed a bit more guidance, though.
Chapter Four The Truth
Back in Snupplebreeze, an abominable storm was destroying the sleepy village. Rain and hail pelted the crops. The floodwaters rose and gushed, sending off whole rows of cornstalk, cabbage, and squash. Powerful winds blew away shops and homes.
The spate was overwhelming, but shortly after it commenced, the weather changed drastically as if an evil weatherworker was tapping into his devious noodle. The climate spun on its lumpy head; Snupplebreeze and its nearby villages were suffering from drought.
Aunt Paula’s farm became a dustbowl. The heat was relentless and not a drop of rain as the sun scorched the fields, withering berries. Most had already shriveled up and fallen. Bees swarmed, attracted by the overripeness that came months before the berries were supposed to bloom. The sparrows and jays showed up too late for the pecking party. A plucky jay made a terrific fuss to its mother. Off they flew to Bleeth or Bula or wherever they could find a feast.
The sweltering sun was merciless. Luma wiped the sweat from her cheeks. The hard labor of farming had taken a toll on her young frame, but the toll on her heart was even greater. The harvest an utter failure. Bad as it was, she could go home to her aunt where she had shelter and although smaller portions, some bread, and water. Maybe a piece of cheese. For the others, the older farmers and berry-pickers, the fruitless harvest would ruin them.
Neighboring farms were also devastated. Corn husks croaked, as did carrots, potatoes, and wheat fields. Farmers and pickers moved on, while some gave up altogether. Some became beggars and peasants. Many left for new lands and new ways of providing for themselves and their families. The weak and jilted turned to vice.
Some had a desire to explore, made it out to the coast, jumped on ships, and sailed off to new lands. Luma’s friend Tyler Husk had already done it. She’d heard it the next morning. One of the neighbor’s told her aunt. So brave and yet so stupid for such a young boy to go off in the middle of the night. He left without saying a word, leaving his father in the lurch.
Luma couldn’t imagine doing such a hurtful thing, but at the same time, she envied the explorer rumbling inside Tyler; she’d seen him change so much the last couple of years. She was also worried about his wellbeing since she’d saved him from drowning only a week ago. The thought of him roaming the countryside or hitching a ride on a ship sent a shiver down her spine. She was both envious and terrified about it.
Luma was in a funk the whole day while doing her chores, thinking of Tyler and her tiresome situation there on the farm. She could not spend the rest of her life in Snupplebreeze, but she wouldn’t leave her aunt without a really good reason. She knew she had one, and it was time to come clean about it. She wasn’t ready to go off right then, but she had to plant the seed.
Later that day, after she finished all her chores, Luma sat with her Aunt. She drank two full glasses of goat’s milk to muster the courage. Even though she was nervous, she told Aunt Paula everything bottled up inside.
Aunt Paula wasn’t surprised in the least. Luma had always been special, and the day was bound to come. Oddly enough, Luma moped because Aunt Paula didn’t try harder to stop her from leaving. Her aunt’s calmness had much to do with the circumstances. Luma was not leaving right then. Aunt Paula would be much more emotional and might even fight to keep Luma from going when the time came.
“You must do what’s right for you,” Aunt Paula said. “You’re the one who’s in control of your destiny.”
“But you’re supposed to be my guardian,” Luma said. “Don’t you want me to stay with you?”
“Seems to me, you are making a funny case to leave this farm. Assuming that is really what you want to do.”
“Well, I’m just a kid, right?”
“You’ve become a young lady, and you were never just a kid. I remember back when you were only five years old, and you came screaming into the house because a storm was coming. You made me round up all the animals, and we rushed them into the barn by twos, and when we had them all inside safe and sound, you still weren’t satisfied. You ran around the whole village and told everybody to do the same, and only the ones that listened to you still had their livestock after the storm settled. The others watched their animals wash away.”
“Never did feel like everybody else. Always different.”
“You are.”
“The visions have been getting much sharper. Last week I had one about Tyler. I saw him drowning.”
“Really?”
“Yes. I was out in the field, tending to my chores, and then this bright blue image came over me as if I was drowning in it. I could even taste the water, and then I saw his face. I rushed out to the river, and there he was kicking and flailing.”
“How awful. He is so lucky you saved him.”
“Now he’s off on his own adventure, and there’s nobody out there who cares about him. Who will save him now?”
“It’s really hard to let somebody go. You have had a crush on that boy since you were little. You’ll have those feelings for a long time.”
Luma began to cry and nuzzled her head into her aunt’s bosom. Aunt Paula wrapped her up in a big hug. “Never had the chance to tell him. I never said goodbye.”
“That’s the way life goes, Sweetie Pie. We move on all the time. You were only a baby when you came to Snupplebreeze. You never really took to it. Except for the animals.”
“I always loved them. Especially Parvu.”
“When the time is right, you will be moving on. I’ll miss you something terrible, but I know it’s right. Something special is inside you, waiting to burst out. A path you must follow.”
“Meldor told me that knight from my last vision is in Torlevy.”
Aunt Paula gasped. She looked off, trying not to meet her niece’s eyes.
“I know it is so far away. I thought it was a made-up place. But there is such clarity when I see it. I believe that is where my destiny will take me.”
“And so you will.”

***

The next day Luma went into town to sell eggs. Then she stopped to treat herself to some gumballs. She caught up with Meldor, who was writing feverishly in his journal. She loved to catch him by surprise when he was scratching away with his quill. He had a funny habit of licking his index finger and scribbling in the air before he turned over a new page.
This time, however, he was not his usual chipper self. Still, he always made time for Luma. When Luma came over to him, he promptly shut his journal and tucked it away. Luma offered Meldor a red gumball, his favorite, but he declined. He blamed his ailing leg for his grumpy mood, but she sensed something else was weighing on him.
“It’s not your leg,” Luma said. “Something else is bugging you.”
“What makes you say that?” Meldor said.
“You never turn down a treat. Especially not the red one.”
“Can’t get anything by you. Or maybe I’m just too predictable.”
“I don’t want to pry if I am not welcome, but I am concerned, and I would like to help if I can.”
“That is very kind of you. It’s a rather complicated matter.”
“Was that what you were writing about?”
“In a way, yes. Trying to, at least. Sometimes when I am weighing the considerations of a great matter, I turn to my pen. It serves me best when my head is all clogged up and when none of my thoughts come out right. Once I pick up the pen, many new ideas come pouring out as soon as I start scratching into my journal.” 
“Fascinating. I wonder if I should do the same. It might help me better understand my visions.”
“There is definitely merit in it. Although, I am sure you already know that many of your visions are connected to future events.”
“Yes. That is true. Maybe I didn’t really mean my visions, but just thoughts and ideas I have been having.”
“Seems you might be growing into an academic.”
“I do love learning, as you know.”
“And you should never stop your curious mind from churning.”
“I have to ask because it is nipping at me. You have that ponderous look you always get when you are about to go on one of your excursions. If you are going on one, could you take me with you?”
“And what would Aunt Paula have to say about it?”
“I just told her that someday I will be leaving the farm. She is okay with it.”
“That I would have to hear from her lips.”
“So, will you take me on your trip?”
Meldor had himself a good laugh. “This time, I am not going anywhere, but I believe I will soon have a visitor. Somebody I have not seen for a long time.”
Luma pondered this as the breeze ruffled her hair. She nodded at her reckoning and stared intently at Meldor.
“Your visitor is debating whether or not he should come to see you. He is toiling over both a mental and a physical burden.”
Meldor snapped back at this prognostication. He didn’t need to say anything. In all likelihood, he did not know this until Luma had said it aloud. Sometimes the hardest part of being a Seer was gracefully revealing truths to others. That was still new to her, and she felt terrible about unsettling her friend.
“I hope he makes up his mind soon,” Luma said ruefully.
“You and me both.”
Chapter Five The Mentor And The Acolyte
The heft of the book slowed his progress. Oddly enough, it seemed to have gotten heavier, the mental toll burgeoning and becoming more cumbersome. A few times his knapsack came undone, and he had to stop to fasten it. Knotted, buckled, and retightened.
It would undo itself again. For spite. For freedom. As if the book wanted to break away from its captor. It was infuriating. Glanzing considered his options, but no matter how he sliced it, he’d bitten off way more than he could chew.
A terrible image flashed in his head of him choking on the book. Such a peculiar idea. Was he becoming delirious? Was his quest so dangerous and restricted to remote realms that his only chance to ward off hunger was a crummy old, moth-eaten book?
He had no idea what to do or where to go next. It would be absurd to go back to the Molwats’ den and return it. He would be pilloried in their dungeon or worse, fed to Willamina. He couldn’t sit by idly and do nothing either. The stress of possessing such a mercurial book of charms might drive him mad.
He kicked stones and scratched his grayless beard. The precious sand of time slipping away and the rumbling in his knapsack made him uneasy. The book was obviously trying to communicate, but Glanzing hadn’t any idea what it was saying. Did it truly want him to go to Harberk’s Castle and pass it onto the old mage? He was barely able to understand the mutterings of other beasts and beings. The inanimate realm was beyond his sphere of knowledge.
He was too frightened to have another gander at its horrendous condition. He was even more scared of it unraveling from its wrapping in the middle of the night, cracking its spine and revealing some ill-begotten fate his imminent doom. The nightmare stuck with him as he went on. Strange sounds and sheer stillness startled him. Glanzing couldn’t bear it alone. He needed guidance, a trustworthy person to share his burden. If he had that, it would be worth more than his idiotic idea of pawning off the book for a few measly pegos. It made him shudder to think he even considered this.
He had no intention of setting foot back in Nebilon, so he would have to find his trustworthy soul in an outlying realm. Was Harberk the only one who could help him? His old mentor came to mind, but it would be difficult going back to him. For one, he’d have egg on his face admitting his failure. He’d also have to search for him, and that would be no easy task. Though his erstwhile mentor was old, he got around quite a bit. His journey might be an endless one with the added trials and tribulations of trekking across unpaved roads, craggy coves, harsh open plains, mountain peaks, and whatever else may be in store.
Assuming he could endure all of that, there was no guarantee he’d find him. One bright thought did occur to him, though. Now and then, he did go back to that pebble-fleck of a farming village, the one with a silly name. It was off to the south and not terribly far away. Glanzing girded himself and carried on.
When the weatherworker made it to Snupplebreeze, he needed a moment to collect his thoughts and settle in. He’d come a long way. By foot, no less. His advancement, by way of enchantments, was another story. Unimpressive. The weight of the book made the journey a slog, his shoulders still sloping, his steps stuttering, but he didn’t chance to put it down. He did need water and searched urgently for a spot to fill his bota. Snupplebreeze had none of the amenities of Nebilon. No fancy fountains spewing root beer or fruit punch, and he wasn’t about to trespass onto a farmer’s property and drink water from a well. He found a stream and refreshed himself.
Meldor caught him by surprise, and Glanzing fell back. Almost an eternity since they last met. Glanzing held his head in deference to his old mentor. Meldor had taken the young warlock under his wing long before Glanzing had any ambition to seek training in the magecraft with the higher orders.
“Is that really you?” Meldor said to his former acolyte.
“I’m afraid it is,” Glanzing said with a hint of shame.
“You look the same as I left you.”
“My beard has still not grayed.”
“You say it as if you are embarrassed by it.”
“Well, wouldn’t you feel the same if you were pushing ninety?”
“For me, that was centuries ago,” Meldor said with a twist of his staff. “What seems to be troubling you? I didn’t fathom you would come back after such a short while, and I never thought you’d come here.”
“I remembered that you liked the eastern realms. The farming village with a silly name stuck with me.”
“Snupplebreeze is nothing compared to Spork or Spawn. Once, this was a beautiful farming village. That’s all changed with the slew of bad crops. Many of the farmers had to go. Got little more now than rusty silos and tumbleweeds since the balance of power has shifted away from Nebilon, and there is a great fear amongst the people. Even the neighboring villages have been drying up.”
“Maybe this was a bad time for me to come,” Glanzing said, slinking away.
“You did the right thing coming,” Meldor said, leading his former acolyte up the stream. “I sense there is trouble weighing on you.”
“More than you can imagine. I want to go into more detail. Can we talk somewhere privately?”
“I have a room at the Inn. That would be the best place to speak privately. For now, though, you look beat. Let us get some grub, and we can talk. I’m happy to let you spend the night. You must have had quite a journey.”
“Sounds great. That, and a mug of root beer.”
Inside Meldor’s room, Glanzing tried not to appear suspicious when he removed his knapsack, but he always felt his mentor’s eyes studying him intently. He couldn’t take it with him into the dining room. It would be too crowded in there, and everybody was a stranger. Every time somebody passed by too closely, Glanzing would have to clutch onto the knapsack and draw even more attention to it. He left it on the floor beside the bed.
Downstairs in the dining area, they sat at a corner table. They ate fast, devouring the loaves of bread and the plates of meat. Mages often had insatiable appetites. Glanzing was relieved to make it to Snupplebreeze but wasn’t sure how to tell his mentor all that had happened. He let Meldor do all the talking as they ate. He loved to tell stories, and they were often quite interesting tales. Glanzing had forgotten how captivating they could be. Glanzing waited until they retired back to the room before telling Meldor the reason for his visit. For his part, Meldor kept a demure expression even as Glanzing poured out his soul.
“So, what should I do?” Glanzing asked.
Meldor knit his brows. He hadn’t dealt with a real magical dilemma in so long that he wasn’t at all sure where to begin. So used to entertaining audiences with juggling or eating fire or just telling stories, he found it flummoxing to tackle a problem that required the use of his wizardly noodle.
“You didn’t come here for my pardon,” Meldor said, drumming his fingers on the side table. “You expected me to take this burden off your hands.”
Glanzing held his head in shame because it was all too obvious.
“Let me see the book,” Meldor demanded.
Glanzing removed the package from his knapsack and began unfolding the cloth wrapping. When Meldor set his deep blue eyes on the book, he let out a gasp.
“Do you know what you have here?”
“An old book of spells.”
“Not just any book of magic. The ultimate one. The Ancient Book of Amazing But Almost Forgotten Charms that once belonged to the Greatest Shapeshifter of Nebilon, Sigmund the Wise.”
“That’s news to me.”
“This is a heck of a predicament. You have no idea. That book has belonged to some of the most heralded mages of all time and several footnotes, too. So many have tried but failed to possess it, or else, have been possessed by it. Some of those stories may be hogwash, but I’m not one to tempt fate. Do you know what made Sigmund the Wise so great?”
“Not really. The Book?”
“They say he was gifted at birth. That is surely true, but his deep understanding of the ancient enchantments and his rigorous practice at perfecting them put him into the upper echelon. Some say he was the greatest mage of all. I’m not one who endorses such hyperbole. These are very subjective matters, and you can argue about it until the Elbianic Sea freezes over, but I will say that Sigmund the Wise was, in all likelihood, the greatest transformer of his generation. Possibly the one after that. Beyond that, I’d probably flip a coin. Over time though, he did himself more harm than good. He got cocky and began dabbling in the darker side of magic. He began summoning the dead to add to his power, and when he let some incorrigible shades infiltrate his being, he lost all control. He unleashed the Vicious Vortex.”
“What is that?”
“A form of mega magic that amplifies one’s power. It is especially deadly for weatherworkers, shapeshifters, and shades. By tapping into the Vicious Vortex, a simple spell can lead to annihilation.”
“So the Vicious Vortex was unleashed from that book?”
“No. The Ancient Book of Amazing But Almost Forgotten Charms is a book of counterspells. Ways to ward off volatile magic. The fact that the book is so shabby now means that many destructive spells inside it have no way of being stopped. One would have had to memorize all those counterspells, and perhaps some never had been brought into fruition. The vast body of ancient mages who roamed the realms have long since expired, and therefore so has the ability to block that deadly magic. You need to put that book into the hands of a Master Mender.”
“Can you help mend this book?”
“That is way beyond my capabilities. Mending is one of the oldest and most noble forms of magic. A lost art. Few are gifted in it today.”
“Is there anybody we can turn to that can help us get started? I fear that the book is trying to communicate with me, but I don’t have any understanding of what it is saying.”
“That book might be trying to communicate with you. On the other hand, you need to be careful. Grave danger often looms in the unknown, and as unsettled as things have become, considering the recent fluctuations in the magicstream, there is always the chance that an unbecoming entity has tried to gain your trust and seeks to enlist you on a malicious path. If that is the case, then you have to be on guard, for if that book falls into the wrong hands, that would be a tremendous calamity for the magecraft and disturb the peace for centuries. If not longer.”
“You seem to have your pulse on the node of Nebilon as if you were still there.”
“I still get around. Wobbly now, but I make my rounds, and I have good sources.”
“The Centaur Gordon from Spork suggested I turn to Harberk.”
“Ah, yes. Harberk was once a great Mender, but this is an incredible undertaking. If he can help at all, I am not sure he can complete the restoration by himself. He would be one of the few who could manage it.”
“So the centaur was right to make the suggestion. Would he have some ulterior motive?”
“Maybe. But as you know, centaurs are highly regarded. I have never been wronged by one. Although once I had a heated debate about the efficacy of using enchantments to turn oneself invisible. Centaurs can be quite pig-headed, you know, and judgmental. Most are those ivory tower types.”
“I would feel much better if you came along with me then. At least part of the way. If it becomes too much to handle, you can stop, and I will carry on.”
“No, that would not work this time.”
“You are angry with me for what I‘ve done.”
“That judgment can only be made within yourself. I am not proud of your stealing the book, but I believe there is another force pushing you to do so.”
“Dark Side.”
“That I cannot say for sure though I would be remiss if I didn’t warn you that the possibility is there. Therefore, be alert. Having said that, I am leaning towards this being a different circumstance. It is quite likely one of the great mages outside Nebilon has put forth a plan to bring back the balance to the enlightened side. This makes more sense to me now, given what you have told me so far about your experience. Also, by sharing your sense of guilt with me, I know that you want to do the right thing. Be careful, and above all, be open to your inner sage.”
“Easy for you to say. I don’t have your advanced level of training.”
“One does not need master-level training to tap into their inner sage. We all have one. How articulate and prescient the advice we receive from it will vary in all mages. You have to build a level of comfort with it. Even non-magic people can have some sort of dialogue with themselves.”
“A conscience, you mean.”
“Yes, that is one way of calling it.”
“I am just afraid of what lies out there. I would like to see ahead. If there was somehow a way to know what dangers were looming.”
Glanzing eyed the book resting on the table. A warm glow sent particles whirling and spinning. Dust or maybe the book was vying for his attention. Meldor did not appear to notice.
“I have an idea of how to help you on your journey. It is too late now. Let us reconvene tomorrow. There is somebody I would like you to meet.”
This brought a sense of comfort to Glanzing. His gut instinct had served him well, but he was curious what his mentor had planned.

***

The next morning Glanzing woke in a state of fright, staring at a gray wall, a cold draught, lingering above his worn body. His head pounding, a jumble of unbidden thoughts stormed back. What happened to the book? Gone. He leaped up, banging his knee into the wall. The pain was terrible, and his heart pounded. He frightened Meldor in the process, and it took a while to get his bearings. He hadn’t slept so soundly since he’d fled Nebilon that when he saw the gray wall, he panicked. All those nights out in the thickets or valley floors— he hadn’t adjusted. Meldor stared at his acolyte with a sense of bitterness. Mages hated to be robbed of sleep, and though it wasn’t so early, the cantankerous mentor grumbled.
Glanzing was pleased to see the book safely stowed in his knapsack. He did not bother Meldor with idle chatter and followed his lead with utmost fealty. After a simple breakfast of coffee and biscuits, they headed over to a farm. There the weatherworker was greeted by an inscrutable goat. Glanzing was not an animal person, and the goat must have sensed this and bleated a stream of obscenities.
Shortly thereafter, Luma came out to see the cause of all the racket. She had a heck of a time getting Parvu to leave Glanzing alone. She was surprised to see Meldor since he rarely, if ever, stopped by the farm. It was odder still that he brought along a guest.
“I’m sorry to come by uninvited, but I felt it was necessary,” Meldor said with a touch of regret. He petted Parvu’s forehead as the mage was quite fond of animals.
“It is fine, but I am in the middle of my chores,” Luma said, holding a bucket of goat milk.
“We can wait. Go about as you normally do. Later though, I will need to speak with your aunt when she has a moment,” Meldor said, sounding most mysterious.
“Her aunt,” Glanzing interrupted. “What’s this all about?”
Meldor stared disapprovingly at his acolyte. Pressing business knew no boundaries and needed even less chitchat. Glanzing did not seem to grasp the urgency of Meldor’s visit. Nor did Luma. The meeting was awkward by all accounts, and Meldor’s mysterious air didn’t make it any better. He chose not to share the reason until pressed to do so.
“Why must you see Aunt Paula?” Luma queried.
“Well, I guess it cannot hurt to start with an explanation. There is much to tell. I have been thinking a lot about your concern for the frequency and clarity of your visions. I didn’t want to get your hopes up, but now it seems the moment has come. I believe you are ready.”
“For what?” Luma said.
“What does your mind tell you? Haven’t you been wondering about me? Who I really am?”
“I have been wondering a lot lately. My head has been bursting with stranger notions. The last time I was about to ask, but you were very serious and said not to meddle with the prospects for the future. I respected that, figuring you would tell me when the time came.”
“Indeed, you have a sage mind for somebody so young. Yes, the time has come. I have brought Glanzing here because he is the one who will accompany you on your journey. I taught him many years ago when he was not much older than you are now. He had a strong spirit and determination that served him well in his studies of the magecraft. His curiosity and freethinking shaped his path, not so unlike how your mind has shaped yours. For many years Glanzing was privy to the Council of Mages in Nebilon.”
“And he left that behind?”
“For good reason. Once upon a time, I also left Nebilon behind. During the Second Phase of the Third Mage Wars. It was a heartless time filled with traitors and feckless deception. I had to forget everything I thought I knew. Started fresh, broke away from the castigation. I had a strong foundation, but those in charge were fixed on leading me astray. I am lucky I didn’t have the bloodlust for power, nor the weakness of following. I had the knowledge and skill to survive on my own. I also grew tired of city life and its filth, which is why I chose the ways of a tramp. I preferred waking up under a dewy forest canopy, bathing in streams and going from village to village, and helping others.”
“You are a mage,” Luma said with widening eyes.
“That is a loaded word, overused. I prefer enchanter. A good enchanter if you are so inclined. Broader in scope and rightly understated. Suits my persona better.”
“I could sense it, although I wasn’t completely sure. This is amazing!”
“This is only the beginning for you. I will not pretend that there aren’t dangers ahead. This is not for everybody. Luma, I have known you most of your young life, and in that time, I have come to learn that you are truly special. It makes me proud knowing you will engage in this enlightened path, and you will also get to know my former student.”
“When will we go? I must tell Aunt Paula.”
“That is why we are here, but some clarification is in order. I will not be going with you.”
“What? How come?”
“I am too old. My days of mentoring have long passed. I have the knowledge, but I would pose too great a risk, and this mission both requires strength in magecraft and strength in arms. Glanzing is here to lead you. He learned a solid foundation from me when I still had sharp faculties, and he honed his skills with the Molwats. He left before they corrupted him. There is a bad influence over the Council now. Glanzing’s inner sage brought him here to Snupplebreeze.”
“How can you tell her about my past?” Glanzing protested. “This is not the way it should be done.”
“She is the one who will go with you.”
“This is absurd! I am not going to chaperone this child.”
“Who are you calling a child? I run this farm with my aunt. I’d like to see you plow these fields.”
“She has no respect for me, Meldor.”
“Do you recall the trouble you gave me when I first met you?”
“That was different. This will be a complete disaster.”
“You must lead her. Luma is to become your acolyte.”
This declaration hardened Glanzing’s jaw. He couldn’t crack a smile despite the fact this was incredible news. It was a serious matter. An acolyte was a tremendous responsibility. It brought honor to the mentoring mage and the chance to share wisdom, but it added a new burden to the mission. Not only would Glanzing have to find a Mender to restore the book, but he would also be responsible for Luma’s education and wellbeing.
“Are you prepared to guide her with your utmost integrity?” Meldor said, raising his gnarled staff.
Glanzing knelt before his erstwhile mentor as if he were reestablishing his fealty to him. The noble lore of the magecraft demanded sincerity and unyielding dedication. Glanzing would no longer be a middling weatherworker nor a mischievous prankster. He was committing himself to become a full-fledged mage and take on an apprentice.
Luma had a bright gleam in her eye. More than anything, she wanted to accept the invitation to pursue her true calling.

***

When Aunt Paula returned, she seemed startled to see Meldor. He seldom stopped by the farm, but he never specifically came to see her. On top of that, she wasn’t accustomed to entertaining but usually offered a humble demeanor and made people feel welcome. There was a much more ruffled nature to her. She eyed the visitors with suspicion but spoke to Meldor in a familiar way that surprised Luma. Aunt Paula’s attempt at hospitality, offering tea and cakes, seemed more like a stalling tactic than genuine hospitality.
“Forgive us for barging in like this, Paula,” Meldor said deftly with a note of tactfulness. “Much as I was hoping to have pushed this off, I’m afraid that this is a matter of great urgency.”
“I suppose I knew the day was bound to come,” Aunt Paula replied with her hands folded on her lap. The statement delivered soundly came as a puzzlement to Luma. Had her aunt conspired with Meldor all these years, plotting out her niece’s future? What was the extent of their relationship? It was utterly baffling, and then it got stranger.
“What about Luma’s work here? How will I manage on the farm all by myself? And what about the brutish winds and rain that pelts my crops?”
“I can shield your stead for a month. You should be able to find a farmhand by that time.”
“A month. That is out of the question. Haven’t you seen what’s become of our village? There is nobody left.”
“I have seen drifters. There are still some out there who will make their way as farmers.” 
“This is all so sudden. I need time to prepare,” Aunt Paula said.
“I’m afraid time isn’t on our side. The balance of power has shifted again, and there is much at stake.”
“Are you so desperate that you need to take on a farm girl as an apprentice?”
“Paula, you know all too well, Luma is not merely a farm girl. Look how much she has changed and now at an even faster rate. It is in her blood. One day she will become a great mage.”
Though this should have come as a complete shock to her aunt or Luma believed that it should, Aunt Paula did not bat an eyelash. While her body and hand gestures displayed nervousness, her facial expression brightened and, actually, bordered on pride. Luma was dumbfounded by the frankness Meldor had spoken to her aunt. Up until this point, she had no reason to believe that the two were anything more than mere acquaintances. If that. Now it was quite clear that they had known each other for quite some time. Her belly grumbled. She wanted cake, but her stomach also felt unsettled by her rumbling curiosity.
“She must decide if this is what she truly wants,” Meldor warned. “I will not impose my sentiments, and I think you should do the same.”
“I don’t want to stand in her way,” Aunt Paula said. “But she’s all I have in this world.”
“I will stay with you, Aunt Paula,” Luma said.
“No, that wouldn’t be right,” Aunt Paula said. “You were never meant to be stuck here. You’ve grown up so much, and now it is time for you to follow your path.”
“That is rather bold of you,” Meldor admitted.
“I don’t want it under these circumstances. Is there no other way?” Luma asked.
“I’m afraid not,” Aunt Paula said. “But you will always have a home here when you return. You are better off going to a special school with children who are gifted such as yourself.”
Luma smiled at the thought, and this seemed to make both Meldor and Glanzing edgy. The good enchanter squirmed in his chair and cleared his throat.
“This training will require an apprenticeship. There is no classroom for what lies ahead,” Meldor said.
“What do you mean?” Aunt Paula inquired.
“She will do her training outside, in the elements,” Meldor said.
Luma’s eyes opened wide at the sound of this. She spent her days bronzing under the unforgiving sun so it wouldn’t be so different roaming under the elements on their quest wherever it led them.
“She doesn’t know, does she?” Meldor said.
Aunt Paula shook her head.
“Why haven’t you told her?”
“Tell me what?” Luma said, bursting with wonder.
“You come from a long line of mages,” Meldor said.
“No. That cannot be,” Luma said, looking at her aunt.
“Your Great Uncle Oscar was a mage. So was your Great Aunt Martita, Anselma, Clio, Iva, Edgar, Clemira, and Magali. You come from a long and impressive line of mages, witches, warlocks, and enchanters. I had the pleasure of traveling and training with your grandfather, Ugobaldo.”
“But it skips a generation. Sometimes two,” Aunt Paula protested.
“Not always, and, in this case, Zeta had seen Luma’s face in her crystal ball.”
“Is that Aunt Zeta?” Luma asked.
“It is,” Aunt Paula said.
The pieces falling into place. Luma’s understanding of herself and her purpose made sense.
“So I can’t stay here. I must go,” Luma said.
“You must do what you believe is right,” Aunt Paula said with some encouragement. “I think you already know.”
“There is one more thing,” Meldor said. “As I had mentioned to Luma, I will not be going on this quest. I am too old now, and there is little an old mage such as myself can offer, which is why I have selected my former acolyte, Glanzing, to be Luma’s guide and mentor.”
“I am honored you have chosen me,” Glanzing said.
Aunt Paula tried to hold back her tears, but they fell anyway.
“What’s wrong?” Luma said as she got up and sat beside her aunt. Luma put her head by Aunt Paula’s shoulder and tried to console her. Aunt Paula blew her nose and looked off. 
“You don’t remember your grandpa do you?” Aunt Paula asked.
“He used to play hide-and-seek with me,” Luma said. “I remember him teaching me how to catch fireflies.”
“That’s what you thought it was,” Aunt Paula said.
“What do you mean?”
Meldor seized the moment to explain. “Your grandfather knew of your gift, knew you were to become a mage, and like many proud grandparents tried to show you a few tricks, goad you in his direction. He was a great weatherworker. One of the greatest perhaps, and you know how I feel about using hyperbole. He was trying to show you how to use the elements and how to tap into the energy that surged through you. Even your grandfather, great a mage as he was, who understood or was beginning to understand that you were a seer, a visionary. He wanted to share his talent with you. See if his gift of weatherworking could be passed onto you. Of course, he was very proud of you and your gift. He was the way many magically-gifted grandpas could be, competitive, and at the same time, looking to pass on his legacy. And he did a splendid job because you have risen to the occasion many times, saving Snupplebreeze and its neighboring villages from all kinds of nasty weather.”
Luma sat upright, keeping her chin still, her eyes flecked with the dim light spilling in from the open window. The truth beaming bright before her. Far from being an awkward child, she was a budding wizard, and though this should have made her proud, it had the opposite effect. It terrified her. What was to become of her, and what would be her expectations?
The Good Enchanter spoke earnestly to Aunt Paula. Luma didn’t seem to have a choice in the matter, even though her aunt had said she did. After all, this was her calling, and this was something of great importance. Going against such fate might have profound consequences. Not to learn the ways of enchantment might bring woe to her aunt, her village, and the outlying realms.
Clearly, there was only one thing she could do, and she accepted her calling to train as an acolyte under Glanzing’s guidance. Then she went to her room and began collecting her things. She didn’t have much, but she would need to have clothes, a blanket, and some of her personal items. She looked over her mementos and decided only to take a couple. One was the broach that belonged to her mother. She pinned it on and then began packing her bag.
Chapter Six Two Surprises
It was hard to say goodbye. Luma knew the best sendoff was to do her chores that last morning. After she fed the chickens and pigs, she spent her last moments with her goat Parvu, and kissed him on his cheek. No hug from Aunt Paula. She preferred to immerse herself in the daily routine as well. They made their mushy goodbye the night before after the farewell supper.
Meldor kept his emotions in check. He only followed them off the farm but wouldn’t set foot past the edge of Snupplebreeze.
Before they set out on the road, Meldor stopped to make a short ceremony for the adventurers. He took a moment to offer his staff to Glanzing. This rite of passage between mages and acolytes had proceeded in the same fashion long before established orders, burgeoning hierarchies, and kingdoms, before castles, and when mages were still nomads.
The gnarled staff was thick but lighter than Glanzing imagined. Beautiful and beguiling, it felt cold in his grasp, uncomfortable. It didn’t yet recognize the new mage since it had spent an eternity with Meldor, perhaps it was rebelling against its new master.
Glanzing had been so overwhelmed by the gift that he accepted the staff with his right hand, a simple gaffe, but possibly a bad omen since he was, in fact, left-handed. There was no way to ask Meldor for a do-over as that was verboten. With such a strident gesture as passing on the staff, the quest had already begun. He switched to his left hand, and when he did so, a spark glowed from the tip of the staff, beaming magelight and sent a rumbling sensation from his grasp up his arm and through his bones. A steady but permeating pulse ran through every fiber of his being and seemed to extend to the staff.
The trek to Harberk’s castle would not be easy. Even aided by a map with the paths selected by Meldor, they would be crossing terrain that was unknown to them. They would have to outwit marauders, goblins, ghouls. There were easily a dozen things Glanzing would rather do, including removing his cuticles and even folding his laundry, but he couldn’t spurn this duty. They had a mission.
There it was, that beautiful and mysterious word, mission. A silly prank morphed into a meaningful quest. If that didn’t qualify as magic, then what did? Not by design nor by accident, but probably by some combination. Who could say? Not Glanzing. Not Gordon. Not even Meldor. So what? Now he had a purpose, and he had Luma. The only thing hanging in suspense was whether or not the old jinx could pull it off.
The constellation Pullamu (The flying ram-lion) glimmered over a wheat field. It was an auspicious sign, and they followed it. Glanzing hadn’t a sleepy bone in his body, nor did Luma, so they loped through the night. By dawn, his legs were heavy as logs. His mouth dry as cactus spine while the antsy sun beamed into the valley. He stumbled over to a babbling brook and washed his face. Luma jumped in, too.
When she got out, the cold water sent a chill through her, gave her a morning burst of energy. That peppy pulse coursed through her, and all the sounds and vibrations came in crisp and clear. She heard a strange chittering. Wasps or hornets. Nothing by the bushes. She kneeled for a moment, scooping up two more handfuls of water and drank, letting it dribble down her chin.
By Glanzing’s guesstimation, they were in the Nuk Forest, which was known for its abundance of lizards and snakes. If the mage kept his wits about him and stayed clear of the brush, he wouldn’t have to use magic. He trod gingerly through it, steering clear of the hanging vines, and tried to stay ahead of Luma for her safety, but she had such a spring in her gait. Her sprightliness forced Glanzing to blitz more than he was accustomed to. This would take some getting used to.
Eventually, they crossed a brambly path. No other choice unless they backtracked. Glanzing used his staff to swat aside the thickets and the brush. Maybe improper staff usage, but definitely practical. The rite of passage happened so quickly Glanzing hadn’t had the chance to ask his old mentor the proper way to use it. He considered setting it on the dirt and using the knife in his pack instead. Somewhere along the line, he had to get comfortable with the staff. No need to push it off.
The forest was always teeming with critters. They listened and looked out for the slithering of snakes, but none were in sight. The trees were much taller and thicker than those in Nebilon. And Snupplebreeze. Mushrooms sprout atop the knobby roots. Glanzing couldn’t resist a quick chomp. He preferred his jerky, but it was better to save the good stuff for later. Mushrooms had been known to elicit special sensations and powers, as long as you didn’t croak on the poisonous ones. He offered some to Luma, but she was too enamored by all the sights and sounds.
Something was watching them. She heard it first, the muffled footfalls. They scanned the bushes and the thickets. So many trees it was quite overwhelming, but they kept their eyes peeled. No shadows lurking, but the presence had made itself known. An acrid smell clung to the trees and shrubs. Too sharp to be human and definitely not equine nor dragon.
Luma peered ahead, and Glanzing crept sideways because he had a hunch the intruder was catching up. Its stench festering. Glanzing fished the knife out of his pack, offered it to Luma for protection. She held it tightly and pointed it straight ahead. When they passed a copse, a troll jumped out. Glanzing stared at the ungainly beast, but it didn’t back down. Luma’s legs remained scarecrow still, with the knife waving.
“We don’t let humans cross this path,” the troll warned, puffing out its barrel-like chest.
“I mean no harm,” Glanzing said. “We’re on our way to Fram.”
“Well, you couldn’t have picked a worse path,” the troll said.
“Not by choice. We seem to have drifted off,” Glanzing said with a nervous chuckle.
The troll towered over the scraggly mage and his acolyte and could’ve squashed them both into matching stumps. Glanzing stayed still, waited for the troll to move before he lashed out. It was probably better to run away. Trolls didn’t have speed, but if they got you, it was all over. Usually, they were more frightened of humans and came out in greater numbers. Seldom did they roam about in the middle of the day. So the popular theory suggested.
“Listen, I don’t have anything to offer but some jerky, and that’s not nearly enough for somebody of your proportion.”
His offer delivered with utmost sincerity. The troll folded both arms to its chest and cast a dull brown eye at Glanzing. “We don’t eat that junk,” the troll said with a note of animosity.
“Well, of course not. It’s not nearly as yummy as—” Glanzing said with a gulp.
“Humans,” the troll barked.
“Ugh. I didn’t say that.”
“You were about to,” the troll said with steam curling from its hideous nostrils.
Glanzing froze. His limbs tightened as if clamped in a binding spell. But that was absurd. Trolls bore no magic. His mind had the better of him, and it seemed he had no other choice but to tangle with the foul beast. Luma crouched a bit, although she hardly needed a lower center of gravity against such a giant. She tried to quell her mentor. Then the troll let out a heinous laugh.
“You are some dummy,” the troll said. “We don’t eat humans.”
“I suppose you’re going to tell me that is an old wives’ tale.”
“Not our kind. My name is, Magda and I’m a Trevi Troll. We’re vegetarians. Mostly. We eat some fish.”
“Never heard of it.”
“Wow! A female troll,” Luma said, beaming with enthusiasm. “That’s awesome!” 
“If you say so. We watch over this forest. Keep it safe from intruders. We’ve been here for over five centuries.”
“Congratulations. Keep up the good work.” Glanzing said as his nose twitched.
He couldn’t bear the smell but wasn’t about to offend the troll any more than he already had. Luma didn’t mind it so much. Nothing really compared to the stench of a pigsty on a hot and humid day. She had plenty of experience cleaning up on the farm, so this troll encounter was right up her wheelbarrow.
“What if we come to a mutual understanding? Perhaps there is something I can do for you,” Glanzing offered.
“Like what.”
Glanzing dug into his knapsack, careful not to disturb the old book but proceeded to rummage around as if he were going to offer a proper gift. He’d forgotten he’d packed a jar of blueberry jam, fished it out, and then offered it. The troll was quick to wave him off.
Then Luma thought of the broach in her pack. She didn’t want to part with it, but they couldn’t get hemmed in here on the first leg of their journey. The troll held it and examined it closely. “I can’t take this,” Magda said. “Looks like some kind of family heirloom.”
“It is,” Luma admitted.
“Well, thanks for offering, but I wouldn’t feel right taking it from you. You must care a great deal about your friend to offer this to me.”
Luma nodded appreciatively and was sort of amazed at how empathetic this supposedly savage beast was. It was an enlightening moment.
“I can whip up something better,” Glanzing said. “How about a nice potted plant?”
“You know, I’m the custodian of this forest.”
“Hmm. I see what you mean. Let’s consider some other possibilities. I’m pretty good at making cardigans.”
“They always bunch up in my shoulders, and the buttons keep flying off.”
“How about a fishing rod?”
“I make my own.”
“Well, what can you give the troll who seems to have everything under the sun?”
“You know what would be amazing. A set of herbs for my spice rack. And salad dressing.”
While this didn’t seem to be such a tall order for the average wizard, it was a big stretch for Glanzing. All the time he’d wasted on mischief, he’d never spent any time dabbling in the culinary arts, and he had hardly any experience with herbs and spices. When it came to whipping up things on the fly, he only had a few tricks up his sleeve.
Now, if he had some potions with him, he’d have a better shot. He also didn’t have a chef’s palate and knew even less about what Trevi Trolls liked to eat. He still hadn’t gotten over the fact that they all weren’t man-eating carnivores.
Since there wasn’t much more than plain grass, scrub brush, and your wild, garden variety, flavorless flora that Glanzing couldn’t even name, the wily weatherworker would have to do everything from scratch. To make matters worse, this troll was an absolute perfectionist. The herbs and seasoning she described sounded made-up, or else, came from foreign realms that the weatherworker hadn’t the slightest knowledge of.
Glanzing didn’t give up, though. He gave it a whirl. His first batch of basil was utterly bland. Ditto for the oregano. Too mild, then too spicy. As if on the second try, he’d made nutmeg. As for the salad dressing, the splotch looked like a glump of glue and tasted no better. He tweaked it, and it became watery and vapid.
The troll kept taunting and jeering each time Glanzing made an adjustment. It seemed as if Magda wanted the mage to flop. It forced Glanzing to dig up spells he hadn’t uttered in ages. Ones he’d only seen on the page and never actually intoned. Maybe this is, exactly, what he needed, an opportunity to give a hoot about something. Finally.
After forty-nine or so incantations, he hit the right concoction, and the troll wolfed down the greens. Doused some more dressing on another big bowl of veggies and licked her chops every time she tasted the secret sauce. Glanzing tried a bit and was equally impressed with his handiwork.
“My word,” Magda said. “I didn’t think you had it in you.”
“Makes two of us.”
“You’re okay for a human.”
“Thanks. I think,” Glanzing said. “I’ll try not to let it go to my head.”
He seemed a bit eager to move on, but as he tried to go forward, he nearly flopped on his face before the troll caught his fall.
“Whoa there. You need some rest,” Magda said with mounting concern.
“We need to go,” Glanzing said in a lilting voice.
“You’re not in any condition. That’s a dark forest to cross, and nightfall is already upon us. I’m not even willing to go into it until sunup.”
A startling revelation from a creature that was supposedly nocturnal.
“Where will we stay?” Luma asked.
“You can spend the night at my place. You both can use the sleep, plus you’ll be grateful to have a guide tomorrow.”
Glanzing was too bushed to argue with a troll who had a full belly of greens. Luma was excited to share this experience.
Magda’s den was nothing spectacular, but it was actually much cozier than the Molwats’ abode, minus the stink, although Glanzing was getting used to it. He hadn’t bathed since he left Nebilon. The troll den had its pluses. Sleeping on a bearskin rug made the whole experience pretty awesome. The veggie chips weren’t so bad either. Luma did miss Aunt Paula and had trouble dozing off.
Even after spending hours counting goats, she still couldn’t shut her eyes, so she decided to tidy up the house a little bit. Her way of expressing thanks to the kind troll. By morning, she was a bit groggy but would have to get into the rhythm of the journey and sleep in strange places.
Glanzing made another batch of herbs and a big container of salad dressing. It was the least he could do to repay Magda’s kindness. She led them to the edge of the Nuk forest. She advised the adventurers to stay away from the shortcuts as there were many predators and prowlers. Luma assured the troll that they would do so, and then they carried on.

***

Because Luma had never left Snupplebreeze, she was having a delayed reaction to letting go of its cozy confines and was starting to miss it, her whole life had been anchored to its farmland. And though she would have company on her quest, she was sad to leave behind the village where all her memories were born.
Snupplebreeze memories, of course, would go everywhere she roamed, but her new adventures would all be from elsewhere, and they might compete with everything she held dear from her childhood. This made her very emotional to the point where her mind seemed to lock itself up, not wanting to clog her head with any new things, until she had preserved the perfect images and memories of Snupplebreeze.
Since her mind was so preoccupied with holding onto the past, she no longer saw into the future. Her visions were on hiatus, and she was absorbed with her surroundings: the lakes, the trees, the flowers, the birds, and beetles. Slowly though, and unbeknownst to her, this preoccupation with memorizing all of the details of her childhood village faded. She had them all in her heart, and she was a visionary now, and she could not prevent the inevitable from unfurling.
Luma was becoming a mage.
For his part, Glanzing assumed the role of guide though he was not a natural one. He had no idea that Luma’s mind fixed itself on preserving her past. His agreement to lead her predicated on his assumption that her visions could keep them safe. He was better off unaware of this, as it may have led him to resign from the mission.
He still had his hands full getting used to the new staff, which was offering more magelight at night so they could see their way. The surge that emanated from it was less predictable, but it startled him less. So much potential power at his fingertips. He had to pace himself, but eventually, he would need to learn how to handle it. The path would be long and arduous, and they both needed a semblance of leadership. A formidable staff provided that boon.
As they passed through the glades and groves, Luma became swept up in the adventure. She had a wanderer’s soul in her lineage and a magician’s capabilities. She loved nature and became engrossed in the new valleys and the lush green slopes.
A pair of black squirrels scurried by, and a dazzling red and white-striped butterfly flit into the meadow. She chased it with growing zeal, and when she nearly caught up to it, the butterfly vanished. Then a soft breeze wafted in over the glade, and she took a deep whiff of the surroundings.
Why had it taken her so long to take this trip? She wondered about it and became lost in her thoughts until she heard the sound of twigs snapping. Luma looked off and saw a movement behind the brambles. There was too much covering to discern whether it was a person or an animal. She needed a better glimpse. Glanzing tried to contain her, but Luma was too fast, and she raced ahead. As she got closer, she could make out more of the features. 
“What is that?” Luma asked. Glanzing squinting, but could not get a good enough glimpse. It was smallish and spindly or fuzzy. They really couldn’t make it out behind the brush. In the outer lying realms, there were many creatures. They hadn’t passed into the magical realms yet, but they were very close, which meant there would be more than skunks and raccoons. The magical realms had mystical beasts. Ones that Luma had only heard about in stories, but had also seen in her mind. Discerning what she imagined from Meldor’s stories and the visions she had was sometimes tricky, but now, on a quest, she would finally see for herself.
It came snarfing over, the skittering fuzzball with lime green eyes and a slick snout. It was the cutest, most bizarre creature Luma had ever seen. Fuzzier than a porcupine and pricklier than a dog, and it was quite lizardy by its tail. It also seemed to have a horn growing by its forehead. Maybe even two. One short as a nub.
“I don’t believe it,” Glanzing said. “It must be lost, or we’ve finally entered a magical realm. That’s a wugwump!”
“I never heard of it.”
“They’re supposed to be extinct. Never actually saw one except for a picture, although I’ve heard about it from mage tales. I never imagined running into one around here.”
It was already sniffing Luma’s feet. She couldn’t resist and picked up the little guy, petting him under his chin.
“Be careful,” Glanzing said. Luma ignored him, of course, as she was a master animal trainer. She’d herded, bathed, corralled, fed, and mothered the animals on her farm, since she was eight apples tall. She’d played with wolverines, trained foals, and once, even rescued, a wounded hawk. There was nothing she loved more than being with animals, and, to her mind, this was not a magical creature to be wary of, but a cuddly creature to be loved.
Glanzing lost his balance and stumbled, and this sudden movement scared the wugwump. It nipped Luma’s finger, forcing her to drop it, and the mage smirked because he had already warned his acolyte.
“That wouldn’t have happened if you didn’t trip,” Luma said, rubbing her finger. Some blood dripped from it, so she licked it clean, then pressed her other finger to stop the bleeding.
“Are you alright?” Glanzing said, examining her hand. Luma pulled away and tried to comfort the creature, who was already scurrying off. She tried mimicking its snarfing sound but didn’t hit the right pitch. Luma watched as it scurried off deep into the brush.
“Let it go. It is a mystical creature, and we are in the wild. It’s not meant to be a pet.”
Luma sulked a little, then got over it. With the midday rays filtering in through the treetops, they kept going.
Chapter Seven Harberk’s Castle
As far as castles go, it was no great shakes. Although, it did have all the usual trimmings, tall but not towering, flanked by two conical-topped turrets at both ends. It had something peculiarly inviting about its aura.
Glanzing warned his acolyte that the warm fuzzy feeling might be a trap, as mages often had sneaky stuff up their sleeves. Most relished their privacy and would go to great lengths to keep away visitors. The so-called welcoming aura was most likely a diabolical luring charm to pull intruders toward the moat and drown them or else feed them to the many-headed serpents and sea monsters lurking in the depths. 
By the ramparts, a purple pendant fluttered in the wind. Two guards perched on top, standing watch armed with bows. Glanzing muttered under his breath at this nuisance. They were obviously not thieves or marauders, but the guards didn’t know that and wouldn’t think twice about shooting.
Glanzing pulled his hood down and made Luma do the same. They approached, gingerly, so as not to be shot or maimed by whatever else might be lurking out there.
First, they needed to cross the moat. The water was murky and probably filled with sea monsters or crocodiles at the very least. They couldn’t chance swimming across it, and Glanzing didn’t want to get his cloak wet. He was not about to waste any energy flying over it and decided to try some old verse that had once come in handy, lowering a drawbridge when he had visited a castle in Matara.
Glanzing tried the verse a few times, but it didn’t seem to be cooperating. Either that or his pronunciation was off. If only they had an elf along. Elves were notoriously gifted linguists.
“Now what?” Luma said.
“There must be another way,” Glanzing said.
He peered at the outer wall, which carried on a way, ending by a roughhewn stretch of land well off the beaten path, leading into the forest. Forests were no good. They could get lost there or eaten up by werewolves, wild boars, or griffins.
Forget that. They were better off plowing right through the castle stones if they could find a wonky one. Glanzing couldn’t locate a weak spot. Magic kept the castle in its mighty form. On the other hand, magic brought them here.
Luma went over to the moat to test the water. She reached way down because the water level seemed ridiculously low. She made several swipes, and each time her hand came out dry as a swab of dust.
“An illusion,” Glanzing chimed.
“Is it all one, big hoax?” Luma said.
“Mind yourselves,” a voice called out.
They crossed the dry moat. Not a drop of water. The castle was indeed real, though there were no armed guards. A purple pendant, nothing more than a wrinkled bandana, fluttered with the wind.
Go away. I’m not taking visitors.
“We’ve come a long way and need to speak with Harberk,” Glanzing said.
“Well, I’m afraid he is not here.”
The voice was familiar to Glanzing, yet he couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
“Look. We are not turning back. We’ve been out in the elements since Snupplebreeze. Haven’t had a good meal in days. We will wait for Harberk to return.”
The drawbridge whumped down, and the gritty portcullis slid up, the chains making an awful squeal like a zombie clopping up rickety steps in flip flops. Nobody guarded it, yet they were goaded onward by some affable though introverted presence, perhaps a castle ghost.
Piqued with curiosity, they headed inside. The hall was long and dank. Cobwebs strewn along the banisters and railings. Dusty candlesticks perched ominously and portraits of grumpy faces of the past housed within clunky frames. The voice led them to the library, where a frumpy man sat in a rocking chair with a well-worn book in his wrinkled hands. Beside him, a jittery flame, crackling in the fireplace. 
Glanzing looked over at the man, and his jaw nearly dropped.
“Pimby, you old coot, is that you?”
“You just can’t leave an old man in peace,” the sitter said.
“I thought you were dead. But after that terrible barb with the—”
“After that gruesome bout, I thought so, too. But Ig didn’t eat me. She spared me and flew off back to her land.”
“That’s unbelievable!”
“After all those years pounding the plains, roaming the valleys and the seas, fending off foes, I needed a fresh start. Dragonriding isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. When I lost Gulla, I thought it was over. I had to avenge her death, so I fought as valiantly as I could. I was young and foolish back then. I battled Scorl with everything I had, and when I saw his dragon come to his defense, I landed a final blow.
When Ig arrived, it was too late. Scorl had already expired, and I was hanging on the edge of a cliff. Ig could have easily filleted me with a belch of fire or tossed me to the rocks below. Instead, she peered into my teary eyes. Never saw anything like it before. I was petrified of those fiery red irises, a whirling vortex of revenge simmering in them. So I thought. I got lost in the flaming swirl of red, and then before I knew it, she made a perky twitch, raising her chin. The sign of mercy. Then she flew off.”
“To Gwilp.”
“Yes. That battle drained me. I wanted no more part of those fruitless mage wars. You know me, I always wanted the chance to study. Make a contribution to the Annals of Wizardry, so now I’m here.”
“But what happened to Harberk?”
“It’s a long and complicated story, and I’m not really in the mood to go into all the gory details, but since I haven’t seen you in ages, and it seems like you went out of your way to get here, I’ll share the short version. Harberk fell on hard times. Lost most of his power, and nearly his mind. He decided to go off to find his lost magic. Needed somebody to take care of his castle, water the plants, feed the sea serpents, and keep his cats company. So he left me in charge and went off in search of the Vicious Vortex, convinced that if he got close enough to it, he might rekindle his lost magic.
He roamed the realms for many years, then ended up on a remote island somewhere. Didn’t tell me exactly where. He’s private that way. Every now and then, he sends a carrier pigeon over to ask about his cats.”
“Did he find the source of the Vicious Vortex?”
“No, something better, according to him anyway, and it made him a new mage. Gave him a new perspective. Harberk’s older than old now, but alive and kicking. Didn’t want to bother coming back here, so he let me have the place. Far as I know, I’m the first one outside his family to shack up here.”
“That’s quite a story. What happened to the moat?”
“Not much water around here. No well, anyways. Whatever water can be tapped into is used for drinking, boiling macaroni, and my tea.”
Pimby looked up at the young lady and smiled.
“Who is your companion?” Pimby asked.
“My name is Luma. I come from a small village called Snupplebreeze.”
“Heard of it. Some of the best smiths come from your parts. Both kinds. The ones for fixing and the ones for eating. Love my Granny Smiths.” 
“You know about our apple orchards?”
“I sure do.”
Glanzing smiled. His old pal remembered his predilection for apples.
“You’re not out this way for a leisurely stroll,” Pimby said.
“Who, in their right mind, would be?” Glanzing said.
“Who, indeed?”
“We’ve come seeking a good Mender.”
“What for?”
“The mission we are on requires it.”
“You seem to want to tell me, but have your reservations. And rightly so.”
“It’s been a long time since we’ve seen each other. I don’t have reservations about you. I am only stunned to see you alive and well. It’s a pleasure being in your company again.”
“Likewise. You’ll have to forgive me for my lack of hospitality. I don’t get visitors, as you can see. I’m wrapped up in my studies and have shut myself off from the outside world. Except, of course, what my senses tell me about the bickering Molwats and the pigheaded Bulgogi.”
“Some things never change.”
“So it’s a Mender you are after.”
“Yes. We have an important book in need of restoration. One that may likely have a treasure trove of lost and forgotten counterspells and countercharms.”
Pimby’s eyes lit up at this. He sat up in his rocker and leaned forward. A mage’s dream come true or was it an unfurling nightmare.
“I must see this book,” the old dragonrider said with unbridled enthusiasm.
Glanzing balked at this request. The room was now redolent with desire, and even an old, weather-beaten mage couldn’t hold back on what might be a rare tome from the glorious past that held the promise of a boundless future.
The old dragonrider had the mischievous grin of a teenage imp about to slip a whoopee cushion underneath an unsuspecting ogre. Glanzing didn’t have trust issues with his old pal, so much as he seemed embarrassed about revealing the sorry state of the damaged book.
The weatherworker took a moment to retrieve it from his knapsack. He undid the strap and removed the contents, which appeared to be a tiny mummy. Carefully, he slipped off the layers of cloth, and the old dragonrider watched, eyes beaming with intensifying zeal.
When the final layer peeled off, the book looked like a ravaged carcass or a dragon’s chew toy.
“Gadzooks,” Pimby said. “What’s that?”
“The Book.”
“Looks like it has been through a war.”
“That, and a tsunami, a tornado, an avalanche, a womp’s kickball game, an earthquake, and a monsoon or two.”
“No forest fire.”
“Not on my watch,” Glanzing touted. “I know it looks like it’s in shambles. This is going to require incredible concentration and legendary reconstruction. If we cannot put it back together, we may lose the greatest book of counterspells ever written.”
“Wait. Are you saying what I think you are saying?”
“If you think what I’m saying is what I’m saying. Then yes.”
“I don’t believe it. The Ancient Book of Amazing But Almost Forgotten Charms.”
“The very one. It is a great responsibility, an excruciating undertaking. I almost wish I didn’t get mixed up in this, but at least now I can play some small part in bringing it back to its old form. If restored, a treasure trove of knowledge will ensue. A spate of magic never seen before will become realized. Should it end up in the wrong hands, there is no telling the power unleashed and the damage that may be done.”
“Assuming it can be restored,” a skeptical Pimby posited.
“I never pegged you for a naysayer,” Glanzing opined.
“More pragmatic to your whimsical.”
“There’s a first. Well, I can see now that it seems unlikely I can enlist you on our mission.”
“What exactly would I contribute? Old friend, you need more than a Mender. You need magic itself, in its purest form, to bring this mess back from oblivion.”
“Perhaps you can point us in a direction since Harberk will most likely not be up to the task with his loss of magic. There must be somebody throughout the magic realms capable of restoration. Yes, it will require radical reconstruction that may be beyond the strength of a single Mender, but perhaps a brood of mages who are closely aligned and in tune with their ability may forge the magic necessary.”
“If you search for a brood of mages, you run the risk of tempting their mortal sides and their lust for power. You said yourself that you cannot run the risk of the book falling into the wrong hands, especially considering the struggle to control the Council of Mages. There’s too much dissension. Many bitter mages have gone off eager to show their might. Which is why I keep myself holed up here and as far away from Spork.”
“True enough, but we must do something. The longer we remain idle, the more we let the balance of power slip away from Nebilon. It will continue to fritter away and spread to the other realms. Soon this dark mage will dominate. He is making the older Orders obsolete.
As far as I know, he is purely a rogue but may have broken away from the Grilli. I cannot go back to either the Molwats or the Bulgogi to warn them. Neither wants to have anything to do with me and, even if they did, they are too busy trying to bend the Council in their favor.”
“I see what you mean. Maybe you are only half right. What if this dark mage has the whole Grilli Order behind him? They have been eager to split from the Council for years and have the most experience with the dark side of the magecraft.”
“That’s a terrible thought, but it’s better to leave no stone unturned.”
“Maybe you can approach the Druids?”
“They’re nearly extinct. All their energy poured into philosophy and the arts. They lack battlesmarts and the tactical skill of defense.”
“First, you need to take care of that book, then you can worry about this dark force. Building an alliance takes a lot of time and patience. I’ve never had much of an appetite for it, but you will need to form a party.”
Pimby sat back in his rocking chair, letting his head tilt in scholarly repose. Either that or he was about to drift into Siestaland. While he appeared to be in a deep, hypnotic lull, the library seemed to be astir. A muffled chittering came from the shelves as if the books were commiserating over the predicament. The spines from the top shelf scooched forward. One great tome flit off the shelf and remained midair, the pages flipping back and forth until it came to something worthy of note.
Luma took notice but didn’t disturb her mentor even though she longed to know what was happening. She had been learning a great deal the past few days, and it didn’t seem appropriate to meddle in the matters of magic as they were unfolding.
The great tome wafted over to Pimby, who opened his eyes and let his pudgy finger land on a passage. Glanzing cleared his throat, and the old dragonrider waved off the noise. “Have some decency,” Pimby chastised. “This is big stuff, and believe me, you need to hear it.” Glanzing apologized with utmost sincerity. It was clear that he was out of his element. “There is a great Mender,” Pimby continued. “But she is far from here.”
“Who?”
“Who else indeed, but Belpatha? Now Archmage of the Powers of Pōg, the first settlement. The oldest living mage.”
“Pōg,” Luma said, brimming with curiosity. “I’ve only heard of it from lore. Is it a real place?”
“It’s an archipelago way out in the western seas. At least five or six realms to the south of Nebilon.”
“Then it is unmapped.”
“As far as the mortals are concerned. Lucky for us, we have a touch of magic. Take a look and see for yourself.”
Pimby let Glanzing study the map in the book. The marking was crude, and the script seemed scrawled in an ancient and unfamilar rune.
“How can I make sense of this?” Glanzing quipped.
“Be patient. You were the one who harped on restoration and the critical undertaking. A brood of mages, eh. Young one, step forth.”
“What are you doing?” Glanzing said.
“Luma, come forward and lend your sight,” Pimby said.
Right then, Luma stepped up a bit hesitantly, for she saw the gleam of bitterness in Glanzing’s eyes. This was a delicate situation, but something inside her carried her forth. She peered at the page, and the map suddenly raised itself up. The contours sprung forth into the foamy crests of the sea, the tumbling waves, the milky white sand strewn with kelp and hermit crabs. Then off at the edge of the beach beyond a coral reef, stood the hoary Castle of Pōg and its academy for mages named Goatswallow Hills. 
“Great slithering salamanders!” Glanzing said, staring at his acolyte. “She can scry!”
“She has tremendous abilities and needs to meet with Belpatha.”
Luma’s eyes glimmered sea-green, and she caught a glimpse of the Mender. Then a charge of energy ran through her, and she quivered with fear. 
“But this seems illogical. We’ve been heading east this whole time. Now we must go to the Isle of Pōg.”
“It is your destiny. More precisely, it is Luma’s destiny. And you must go with her.”
“Of course, I will. I’m the one who brought her on the mission.”
“You tell yourself that. It is Belpatha who has chosen Luma as the One.”
Glanzing stood up, stared at the dragonrider. Pimby rose swiftly, and the dusty tome left his hands, shutting itself, then it hovered for a moment, as if waiting for the two bickering mages to calm themselves, then it flew back to the bookshelf, tucked itself back into its nook. 
“Don’t you turn your back on me,” Glanzing said. “And how will we know how to get there if you keep that map?”
“I know where it is,” Luma said, brimming with confidence. “We must pass Boge and can take a ship from Bleeth.”
“That’s the port that goes out toward the Peebish Sea.”
“From Bleeth, we sail southwest,” Luma said, looking beyond the wall off to a distant place. “Somebody is waiting for us there.”
“She is right,” Pimby said.
“So now the two of you are conspiring against me,” Glanzing said.
“Not at all,” Luma said with utmost sincerity. “This is all new to me. There’s this flood of information coming to me. It’s hard to process.”
“The books are confiding in you, and I believe, Belpatha is also communicating with you.”
“This is so amazing but exhausting.”
“You need to lie down to absorb all that has happened. Both of you will be my guests tonight. Tomorrow begins your long journey.”
Chapter Eight Sheldon Shade
Luma had a funny feeling somebody was following them. A couple of times, she saw something rustling in the bushes. Then a shadow, poking out from behind a tree. Initially, she had hoped it was the wugwump returning to her, but something inside told Luma it was not fuzzy and cuddly. Its presence wasn’t at all feral. Whatever it was, it had been trailing them since they left Harberk’s Castle and got stronger as they left Fram and made it into Spore.
Glanzing couldn’t make sense of it. He had no clever hypothesis to explain it. All he kept telling Luma was that it was all in her mind. Maybe. But that wasn’t the whole story.
Ever since Pimby had told Luma that Belpatha had considered her ‘the one,’ the acolyte had a swirl of emotions that made her think all kinds of incredible ideas and notions.
When she settled, her inner sage was still buzzing but had much more coherent messages. Pieces slowly fit into place for an acolyte quickly becoming a visionary mage. She suspected Belpatha was trying to communicate with her. Glanzing couldn’t help in this matter since he lacked telepathic and telekinetic abilities. But if it wasn’t Glanzing interfering with Belpatha’s message to Luma, then somebody else was. Luma tried earnestly to listen to whoever was trying to reach her.
They took a moment to rest. Since they were at the edge of Nebilon, this would be their last time to fill up at a root beer fountain. The mage was misty-eyed at the sight of it and touched the ceramic snout of the dragon fountain, craning his neck so he could drink the frothy brown bubbles gushing from the dragon’s mouth. Like a drunken sailor about to ship off on a long voyage, Glanzing glugged back a full bota and then refilled it.
Once they left Nebilon, they wouldn’t be able to indulge in this tasty treat. They’d be stuck drinking water from lakes to quench their thirst. As Luma wiped her mouth, she felt the presence again and decided it was time to make a peace offering to her inner sage. She removed the cap on her waterskin and held it out to where she imagined her inner sage was seated. A small gesture often went a long way.
Glanzing plopped down to rest his tired feet. Soon he was off in Siestaland, snoring a catchy tune. Alone with her bubbling thoughts, Luma could almost hear the voice of her inner sage. A stately, a honeyed baritone.
“Don’t be afraid,” the voice said.
“Who are you? Where are you?” Luma asked.
“My name is Sheldon. Think of me as your invisible guardian or guide. A little of both, actually. Now that I think of it, more of a guider’s guide. I’m sort of between places. Not really here nor there.”
“You sound mixed up,” Luma said.
“You’d be too if you had to go around invisible, trying to find a good soul to help you out.”
“So you’re not my inner sage?”
“Not at all. In fact, you could say I’m nothing more than a spiritual vagabond who has been wandering aimlessly for the past decade. Maybe a bit longer. Folks aren’t as kind as they used to be. Also more suspicious.”
“Well, can you blame them? This isn’t exactly normal, y’know. Stalking people and then popping up like a ghost and asking for help. It’s kind of creepy.”
“I know. My albatross, but I must make good on my promise.”
“What promise?”
“I never said the proper goodbye to my wife.”
“That’s very sad.”
“I don’t think she ever has forgiven me because of it. Can’t be too sure, though. She’s blocked me out of her life, and since I’m no longer part of the living world, I have no way of knowing what she is really up to.”
“So you are dead?”
“That’s one way of putting it.”
“Then you are a ghost.”
“In a matter of speaking, but more precisely, I am a shade, a type of ghost you could say that has unfinished business in the living realm. It’s more challenging being a shade than a manes, for instance. That’s another type of ghost, in case you didn’t know.
Manes have a better reputation for not spooking. I’m not totally sure why that is, but I’d be willing to bet that the Grand Exalted Spirit of Perpetuity would have the answer. All I know is that fewer people are inclined to help shades. Then there are those plain vanilla white-sheet-wearing ghosts that most living folks are familiar with. You know the ones that rattle a few chains, slip onto the laundry line and steal a sheet and blow around sometimes, three sheets to the wind.
Most ghosts only need to pop in and out of the living realm whenever they feel like it. They don’t usually have any urgent business. In fact, they’re not even required to spook anybody. That is one of the most common misconceptions. Shades like me, however, need a living being to help complete our unfinished business.”
“So, what exactly do you need to do?”
“I need you to go with me to my old cottage and meet with my wife. I can handle the rest of it, but you have to help guide me there because I cannot directly connect with her. I need a bona fide conduit. That’s where you come in. There’s so much I never told her. Also, there’s something I need to give her. Please, this is very important to me.”
“Sounds like quite a mission. We are already on a quest and have much ground to cover. I’m not even really in charge of this mission, so I probably have to clear this with my mentor.” 
“I know I don’t have the right to ask. You might be the only one who can help me.”
“How did you find me? And how is it that you can reach me and not Glanzing. He’s the wizard.”
“Because you are the special one.”
Luma took a moment to consider this. This may very well have been true. On the other hand, this was a Shade with an agenda. He needed to butter her up so that she would commit to his unfinished business. She wanted to believe him and very much wanted to be special. On top of all that, it would be truly awesome to help Sheldon reunite with his wife and give them proper closure.
“Okay, I’ll do it,” Luma said.
Sheldon was tickled pink, or that’s the color Luma pictured the shade, shading into. She even thought she felt a teardrop, but it was probably only the morning dew.
A little while after that, Glanzing broke from his sleep. He had a crazed look about him and seemed to be panting as if out of breath, perhaps running to escape from a multi-headed monster, like a hydra. When he had a moment to adjust to the daylight, he let out a savage yawn.
“What’s going on here?” Glanzing bellowed.
Luma shuddered, not sure how to answer. Wizards could be an ornery lot when they were disturbed from their sleep and, even more so, when they were going through root beer withdrawal.
“Who are you talking to?” Glanzing implored.
Luma didn’t say, hoping her invisible friend would continue to keep his low profile until she figured how to tell Glanzing about the wrinkle in their original plan. Not having dealt with Shades before, Luma had no idea what the protocol was regarding these delicate matters. She was only beginning to understand the rules of engagement with her curmudgeonly wizard.
Sheldon let her off the hook and breached the etiquette of centuries of tradition by permitting a second contact.
“Glanzing, old pal. I’m back.”
“Sheldon. What are you doing here?”
“Tending to some unfinished business.”
“Seventy-two years later, and now you drop by,” Glanzing said with more than a hint of sarcasm.
“Seventy-four years,” Sheldon corrected. “But who’s counting.”
“You can’t just drop by and pick up right where you left off. We’re knee-deep in an important mission and have lots of ground to cover.”
“I know. Luma has given me the rundown.”
“You’ve got some nerve, you sneak. You already got her to commit. Didn’t you?”
“I didn’t really have a choice since you shut me out.”
“Wait a second,” Luma said. “You mean to tell me that you two know each other?”
Glanzing rubbed his chestnut brown beard before going into the backstory. 
“We were young and foolish wizards back then, still wet behind the ears in many ways. I was still messing around with potions. Didn’t even have a full grasp of the sun shower. Sheldon was a promising Mender, believe it or not. Oh, he could put anything back together: tree trunks, boulders, broken wings.
Once, he even nursed back to health a wounded griffin. A brutal battle between two competing magelords that nearly sunk all of Tunkles. A great warrior named Flan was demolishing everything in sight. Even Zed, the griffin. Flan raised his mighty sword and spliced Zed’s wing. The great beast would’ve perished had it not for Sheldon. He put his healing hand on the injured beast’s wing, and then he was good as new.
Ten years later, during the Battle of Balderdash, the earth split asunder, and Sheldon stopped it from crumbling, sealing back the split. It was unfathomable! He could’ve been crowned king for his accomplishments but wanted no part of it. He eschewd politics. No glory. No power. Too much burden, he always said.”
“My friend always presumes to know me better than he thinks that I can know myself. I wasn’t without ambition. A different purpose drove me. Our kind doesn’t choose to be wizards. Magic claims us,” Sheldon said.
“Oh, boy. Here it comes. The old windbag never dies, even when he’s dead.”
“What’s so funny?”
“The irony of this whole situation. Our mission is to find a Mender. And a lot of good you can do for us now.”
“Sure, go ahead, kick a Shade while he’s down.”
“I’d love to. Come on down from your cloud, and I’ll give you a boot.”
Luma made them stop before they got out of control. She stepped between them, where she surmised the Shade was encroaching upon Glanzing.
“There must be a viable solution,” Luma said. “Sheldon, I’m sure your knowledge of mending is invaluable.”
“Obviously. But it’s kind of you to say.”
“Now Glanzing, wouldn’t it be a jolly good idea to help your old pal? Wouldn’t it bring better karma to our quest? Goodwill.”
“Why do you have to be so diplomatic?”
“This seems to be the golden chance to do some good and expand our party.”
“Wait a second here,” Sheldon said. “Don’t try to use me as your ping-pong ball. I’ve got my own problems and my mission, too.”
 “See, what did I tell you?” Glanzing said, shaking his head. “Always the selfish one.”
“Now hang on a second. One good turn deserves another. You’re not helping your cause, and, if anything, you’re irritating your old pal.”
“I’m not going to promise anything.”
“We are on our way to the Isle of Pōg, and we would be willing to help you if you helped us.”
“What can I do? I can no longer mend.”
“That’s true, but you are invisible. You might be able to take somebody by surprise, an intruder, perhaps, who may try and harm us.”
“Too dangerous.”
“I guess you’re not serious enough about making up with your wife.”
That logic had Sheldon over a barrel. A wise druid once said the best compromise was the one that made both sides miserable. If he didn’t team up with them, there was no telling how long he’d have to wait for the next good soul to come along. If ever.

***

They headed to Gorsk, a slight detour. Luma was happy to have brokered the compromise. Glanzing, of course, wasn’t thrilled about having to help Sheldon, though he managed to keep a stiff upper lip. The more aggravation he dealt with, the sooner his gray whiskers would grow in. So he told himself.
Somewhere out by a field of wild apple blossoms, Sheldon got goopy. He poured his invisible guts out to Luma. She was a good audience and had that rare gift of empathy, which mages notoriously lacked. As long as Glanzing didn’t have to deal with it, he’d be okay. He focused on the path ahead.
Once they made it out of the valley, the landscape had gotten bumpier and began a steady rise. A wide expanse of mottled earth led to the formation of sharp rocks. Some strewn with moss. They scaled them carefully up the elevated strip. Heading through a narrow pass, hugging the solid wall of basalt, Luma couldn’t help peering down at the sand, drizzling over the edge.
A scattering of withered berries marked a trail. Glanzing noted this and made sure his party followed it. It faded before long. The berries probably had been consumed, or maybe the snacker had fallen off the edge. They gingerly crossed this part, and rather than climbing higher up the bluff, Glanzing slid down a chalky chute.
The drop was much further down than anticipated, and his staff did little to slow his fall. Following closely behind, Luma threw up her hands, screaming with joy. Silo jumping had nothing on mountain slides. This must have been a one-hundred-foot-plunge. Then came the sharp jolt when they hit bottom.
It was dark and desolate, and oddly enough, kind of humid.
“Where are we?” Luma asked.
“We are inside a cave,” Sheldon said.
“More like we are trapped in the middle of nowhere,” Glanzing said as he dusted himself off.
“Let’s go explore it,” Luma said.
“We need to adjust to the darkness,” Glanzing said. “Now that we are stuck here.”
“Well, if you didn’t chicken out on the cliff, we would’ve been halfway across the ridge,” Sheldon said. “Always looking for the shortcut.”
“Listen here, Shelly. We’re going out of our way to help you. The least you can do is get us out of this mess.”
The tunnel was cold and dark. Glanzing used a beam of magelight from his staff to guide them. Sheldon stayed alert. His netherworld intuitions finally had a purpose. They tread discreetly through the cave, navigating tight passageways, craggy steps, and slimy walls. A cloud of bats was startled by their intrusion flit past their ears. Glanzing swerved to his side and narrowly missed getting pegged with a splotch of guano.
They slipped through another corridor, and a soft drip caught Glanzing on the nose. Water was welcome. Time had come to fill their botas and parched throats. The floor below had gotten moist. Glanzing touched what he presumed to be a rivulet, sluicing along the wall. It swerved beyond his reach, so he followed it to where he believed it went.
Slowly, he began to sink. A clumpy bath of cool mud drew him in, and soon they were in up to their hips. Glanzing turned back but fell in deeper. Luma squirmed with all her might, and poor Sheldon attempted to reach for her but, of course, could not grab any part of her. He sulked at the grim reality of the predicament.
“You must be getting a real kick out of this, eh?” Glanzing snickered. “Miserable Shades love company.”
“Really? Is that how you want to play this?” Sheldon quipped.
“Stop it. Both of you. Don’t you see that your bitterness has done neither of you any good?”
“He started it,” Sheldon said.
“But you should be the bigger one,” Luma chastised. “Haven’t you learned that much, wherever you are now?”
“Sometimes, I can’t help myself.”
“That’s true,” Glanzing admitted. “I’ve known him for a long time.”
“Why can’t you let Sheldon lead us?” Luma said. “We won’t be any worse off.”
They slunk further until the mud rose up to their chins. They didn’t take another step, fearing that they’d end up as human mudpies. Sheldon teased them since they looked like a couple of spoiled mages, having an expensive mudbath in an exclusive Spork spa.
Luma had a good laugh about it, and Sheldon was only sorry he didn’t have the bodily form to match their filth. Luma got on her tippy toes and decided to take a chance, scampering as far as she could go, and if she had to, she would doggy paddle the rest of the way to the wall.
After a few more steps, she realized the mudbath stopped, and she flattened onto her heels. From that point on, they could simply walk without dipping any further down.
After a short slog through the mud, they made it out and into another passage, where they found a pool of water. Finally able to wet their whistles, the rest did them some good. There was no telling how long they might be spelunking, so they took the time to get back their strength. 
When they were ready, they entered a new, better-lit passage. A blue glow poured in from an elevated shaft beamed off Glanzing’s face.
“Now, who is the spooky one?” Sheldon said.
“There’s something odd about this room,” Glanzing retorted. “It could be inhabited.”
“I think this is a temple,” Sheldon said with a ponderous air. “That’s an altar.”
A tall stone pillar rose in the back of the room, and they approached it. Luma’s head began to throb, so she rubbed it. Her vision did not come in clear, and she thought this might be because they were with Sheldon. She was giving him her attention, but now this stone object, some kind of sculpture, seemed to be vying for it. A strong tug pulled her toward the pillar.
“What is wrong?” Glanzing said, trying to keep up with his acolyte. She didn’t hear him or seemed fully engrossed in the pillar’s call, kept her head down. Her eyes were closed. Her mind was open, listening intently.
Sheldon stepped in to quell Glanzing’s concern. Even Shades were not always privy to mystical meddling, though it was pretty obvious Luma was being lured to the altar.
“It is probably nothing more than a shrine from an ancient society. Druids. I cannot tell for sure. Let’s be careful.”
The closer they got, the more the stone sculpture began to resemble a beast, a winged lion with the face of a crotchety old lady. It started to rumble so that the altar beneath it began to rise. They stood below, watching it loom over them.
Do not move until you are told you may do so.
“Who are you?” Glanzing said in a scorned tone.
I’m the one who guards this temple. You are trespassing.
“We are lost,” Luma said, relieved to be able to speak again. “We fell through a chute.”
You look like gravediggers. You will be punished.
“All we want is to get out of here,” Luma said. “Show us the way, and we will leave at once.”
That is impossible. Once you awaken Sporph, you prepare to die.
“Wait a second, you’re a sphinx.”
Who said that? Come out and show your face, coward.
“My name is Sheldon. I am a shade.”
How dare you tread on this hallowed place?
“You leave my friends alone, and we will scram.”
Out of the question. You know the rules.
“What does he mean?” Luma asked.
“According to the ancient lore,” Sheldon said. “The sphinx is the guardian of the temple. He or she kills whatever trespasses upon it, but there is one way that we may pass unharmed. The sphinx may ask us a riddle, and if we answer it correctly, we are permitted to go away freely.”
“Go ahead, Sporph,” Glanzing said. “Give us a riddle.”
Very well, but I will show you no mercy. Once you get it wrong, I will have no other choice but to turn you into stone.
“We are ready,” Sheldon said.
Tell me then, what is it that the more you take, the more you leave behind?
Their lives at stake had all come down to one question, most likely a trick question to boot. Glanzing blanched. He never fared well on these challenges. His acolyte was game but perhaps too jumpy, so Sheldon intervened, sharing his knowledge with Luma. They took a moment to mull it over. Then Luma answered the sphinx.
“That’s an easy one,” she said. “Footprints.”
Damn you. That is correct.
“Now let us pass, Rockhead,” Glanzing said.
Sporph honored the tradition and let them carry on with their business. They crossed the altar and left the room with a great weight off their shoulders. Then they exited the cave and were bathed in a tremendous swath of light. Nobody had a parasol or anything to shield them from the brightness. Wizard hats weren’t built for that kind of purpose. Fortunately, Glanzing was a weatherworker and called up a couple of gray clouds and let them ease into the new surroundings.
Chapter Nine The Knights and the Brave Villagers of Cobbler’s Creek
What an awesome feeling to be back on solid ground! Solid ground was highly underappreciated, not to mention being free from mud and bats and that inscrutable sphinx. Glanzing let the clouds pass as he did not want to have to contend with any rain and could probably use a little red on his cheeks.
Daylight topped magelight any day of the week, and it kept you warm, and it toasted marshmallows. The narrow escape brought them closer together. Sheldon and Glanzing were buddies again and promised to have each other’s back. Luma smiled because she knew their bond would make all the difference in this quest.
They resumed their journey toward the Isle of Pōg. The road was well-worn, trodden with many prints. Footprints, hooveprints, anyprints were goodprints. That was the keyword and what had won their freedom from the sphinx. Footprints. Boots of men and hooves of horses. It was better to stay on the path until they had a clearer idea of what they were dealing with.
After a long trek over bumpy terrain, they crossed the northernmost stretch of Boge. They settled in a woodsy area and made camp by a stream. Fresh pine filled the crisp night air.
Luma was the first to spot them, a regiment of armored soldiers with pitched tents and horses tied to a makeshift post. Squires rounded up branches to make a fire. They hardly had a chance to warm their hands before the knights began to grumble because they were getting hungry, so the squires had to rush down to the stream to fill buckets of water. Those that stayed at the camp peeled potatoes and sliced bread.
Luma raced back so as not to be seen. She told Glanzing what she had seen. The mage clutched his staff and listened attentively, though his furrowed brows and stern expression told another story. Sheldon offered his services to spy on the army and get a better understanding of the whole situation.
It was the best idea yet, but Luma insisted on going along with Sheldon because she was very intrigued by this, and it occurred to her that this might be part of her earlier vision. The knight with the falcon crest. If he was somewhere in that camp, she needed to meet him. She might very well be able to save his life or be able to share vital information for him and his army.
Glanzing was beside himself and didn’t want Luma to take such a risk, but he also knew that Luma had to follow her inner sage.
Sheldon led the way since he was invisible, and Luma shadowed behind. She ducked behind some bushes a bit farther downstream, so as not to be seen. Luma trusted Sheldon implicitly, knew he had their best interest at heart. She was eager to hear about the soldiers and what they were up to.
In all the stories Luma had ever heard about knights and their adventures, she had never actually seen one up close. She remembered the legends that Meldor had shared with her, and they incited her imagination. She didn’t recall anything about peeling potatoes and pitching tents.
This had a certain unromantic quality, and it made her think of the armor-coated, shining knights as glorified farmers, chopping logs, setting kindling for boiling pots, and tossing hay for the horses. Her whole outlook spun on its head. She always imagined the knights with gold-trimmed helmets, silver visors, and shields with snarling griffins. She relished the lore of lost lands, two-headed dragons, and sordid sorcerers turning ill-begotten fools into toads.
As she snuck a quick peek, she saw a straggly squire rush to refill his master’s plate, all these stories jumbled. The reality of it now burnished in her brain. Chopping wood and boiling water were nothing but chores, ones she could handle. It made her excited. She could be a knight! Better still, with her burgeoning magical abilities, a battlemage.
She imagined a scenario where she was training under the tutelage of a distinguished lord, Sir Egron. The knight retained her services as a squire, and Luma quickly advanced. First, she polished then sharpened the blade of a longsword.
“You seem beside yourself,” Sir Egron said. “What is ailing you?”
“I want to practice jousting,” Luma complained. “Swing a sword. This is nothing but chores.”
Sir Egron pressed his knuckles to his hips and laughed.
“In due time. Every squire must go through an apprenticeship. It isn’t for everybody. Maybe you are not cut out to be a knight.”
“Says who? I am only anxious to get started.”
“And so am I. I’m famished. Bring me my supper.”
With that, Luma brought her lord the steaming pot of food. The knights sat around the fire and fed their faces, farted, belched, and barked orders at their squires for more grub. Most were boys, except for Luma and another girl. They hustled like scullery maids, and by the time they had fed their masters, there was hardly a scrap to sop up for themselves. This became routine and made Luma bitter, but she didn’t give up. 
After a while, she saw beyond the polish and armor. They were no longer distinguished knights but sweaty, smelly men with filthy faces, scruffy cheeks, and chins, potbellied and hunchbacked. Some, of course, hearty and strong. Thick with muscles and tall and virile. Many, however, were too old. Not Sir Egron of course, but many of the others. Some couldn’t handle the bumpy ride and keeled over. Others died of fever or choking on their own vomit.
Every day, Luma learned a new task. She tackled everything she got her hands on, and in the process, felt more mature. Her arms and legs hardened as well as her grip. She was grateful to have Sir Egron as a master. Some of the knights were cruel and beat their squires. Sir Egron never laid a hand on Luma except to pat her shoulder after a job well done. 
Then one day, in the blue hour, a chance presented itself in those fleeting moments before dawn. The camp was waylaid by a bunch of vandals. They crept in by foot, their horses off by the stream so as not to wake the sleeping knights. The night watch passed out drunk, and Luma got up. Her master still snoring, so Luma filched Sir Egron’s longsword and snuck up on one of the vandals.
She struck the man with a swift blow at the elbow and then swung again and toppled another. The piercing scream woke the whole camp. Blood gushed. As the knights were roused awake, still groggy and stumbling from their tents, Luma chased the intruders until they fled. Sir Egron, pulling on his chainmail, dashed into the cold morning. He saw Luma wielding his longsword, a gleam of blood dripping off the blade.
“My word, squire,” Sir Egron said. “You are a knight now.”
“They came to steal, my lord,” Luma said.
“Indeed, they did. You are very foolish. You could have been killed.”
“But, I struck first.”
“This was a lucky test. Next time it won’t be so easy. Each challenge comes from a different angle.”
“We must always be ready.”
Luma felt a strange hand rustle her from her sleep. It was Glanzing. She must have dozed off behind the bushes and had been dreaming the whole while. So vivid and alluring. It was quite a disappointment because the fantasy was so real. Luma swat at a pesky moth, fluttering by her face.
Sheldon called them over and wanted to apprise them of the regiment. It seemed they would bring them no harm. A brave army had been forming to retaliate against an oppressive warlord, sweeping over the eastern realm. A noble lord and valiant knight had been combing the countryside in search of brave men to bolster his army and defend the good lands.
“Wait a second,” Luma harkened. “Repeat that name.”
“Sir Egron,” Sheldon said. “He is the one presiding over the encampment. They are heading to the next village to recruit young men for the cause.”
“I had a dream about him that I was serving as his squire and learning to wield a longsword. He is one of the Knights of Kron.”
“He is, indeed,” Sheldon conceded. “Just how much do you know about them?”
“Nothing really. It was a dream. I think.”
“Unless you have had another vision,” Glanzing said. “While you were sleeping.”
“But I am being mentored to be a mage. I’m not a knight.”
“We don’t know for sure what your destiny is,” Sheldon said. “There isn’t one clear-cut path. Just as no tree rises straight to the sky, we branch off too.”
“I never thought of it that way,” Luma admitted.
“I’m satisfied now. I believe we should follow them,” Glanzing said. “I do not want to get tangled up in their mission. We are already off track as it is, but it might be beneficial to us.”
“I agree,” Sheldon declared. “The same way I led you off-path, this additional branch may be part of the grander scheme.”
Glanzing knit his brows, squinting as though he were about to make a bold declaration, but instead, the mage paced about and let his pensiveness build.
“You may be right. I will not rule it out, but I must say that I worry about this tome I am toting. For some reason, its heft has ebbed. Which is odd since it had been so heavy before.”
“We have formed a good alliance, made progress. I believe the mental toll of the book is not lost but shared between us. Now it is part of my burden.”
“Huh,” Luma said. “I didn’t realize it before, but I have felt it too. A load of some kind.”
“That may not be the weight of the book alone.”
“If not the book, then what?” Sheldon asked.
“Hard to say. She has made your purpose part of her own. That could very well be all it is. Maybe it’s more. Let’s not get caught up in this right now. Let us go forth. I think it would be prudent for us to at least make introductions to the venerable Knights of Kron.”
With that, they continued onward. They had lost some ground discussing the matter, and the knights had already moved on. Time to catch up.
By nightfall, they made it to the next village. A throng of unarmored men stood grasping farm tools. No soldiers among them more like regular townsfolk wielding whatever they could get their hands on hoes, spades, pitchforks, fishing rods, and small blunt objects. They also had sticks and stones and anything else that could be launched. None of the Knights of Kron were anywhere to be seen. Glanzing wondered where they had gone. Had they already missed them, passed through to the next village?
The men gathered at a post roughly a mile from their village square, not wanting to fight the enemy so close to their homes. They waited under torchlight and told stories about their ancestors, and some even shared tales from antiquity. Their mood changed as Glanzing and Luma walked toward them. A feeling of uneasiness descended upon them. Luma kept a tender heart, good vibes emanating through her being.
The villagers kept watch over their soil, embers splashing and fizzling in the night’s breeze. Jerbus, the eldest, cupped his hands to his brow, stared dead ahead. “Who are you?”
“I am Glanzing. I am on my way to the Isle of Pōg with my apprentice Luma.”
“This is no time for midnight strolls,” Jerbus said snidely. “This is a battle post. You’re lucky we didn’t strike.”
“Do we portend a brutish aura?” Luma inquired.
“And you little girl have no business being out at this hour.”
“Bite your tongue,” Luma said harshly. “I’m not a little girl. I am studying the magecraft with my mentor.”
“A feeble-footed sorcerer,” Jerbus chided. “I’ve seen everything now.”
“You doubt my integrity,” Glanzing intoned.
“We are farmers, protecting our land. Haven’t you heard of all the plundering? We have no time for potions and hurly-burlies. Our lives and lands at stake.”
Luma showed old Jerbus her soiled, callused hands.
“I’m a farmer, too. Come from Snupplebreeze. My whole life I’ve been raising chickens and goats, helping my Aunt Paula plant beets and turnips.”
This seemed to amuse the cranky old man. He squinted and took a step toward her as if he were about to judge a prize pig. Luma prattled on as she felt she was being tested.
“I’ve set out to do my part with the changing order. Our farm was destroyed, and now I must do what I can to help bring balance back. I see it here as well. The weather has nearly destroyed your cabbage and yams.”
“How do you know that? You must be some kind of witch following this old mage.”
“My uncle was stubborn like you. Didn’t want to believe, even as I made my contribution. I take it you do not need magic. You’d rather live and die by your own hands.”
“I’ll say this about you, missy. You’ve got spunk. Grab yourself a pitchfork and help us defend our border.”
Luma did so with brio. Glanzing, however, didn’t take so kindly to this arrangement. He only wanted to make pleasantries to pass by unscathed. Now that they’d been accepted by the village folk, it seemed likely they would have to tangle with whatever encroached onto them.
For his part, Sheldon stayed mute. No need for him to reveal himself. The shade might be needed if things got hairier.
In the distance, along the rough-trod path, a flank of men could be seen riding horses. Their cantering was deliberate, and they approached swiftly. The villagers raised their hoes and spades while some began hurling rocks. The procession was still too far from striking range.
A deep-rooted fervor welled up inside her as Luma began to chant with the villagers. The guardians of Cobbler’s Creek held their ground, but when the procession was upon them, an impressive line of armored cavalrymen engulfed them. Never had such an impressive lot set foot or hoof in their sleepy village.
“Stop there,” the alderman warned. “Who enters Cobbler’s Creek?”
“Whoa, there,” the knight said to his horse, yanking its reigns. “Be still village folk. We are not here to harm you or plunder your belongings. I am Sir Egron, Lord of Tepwich and venerable Knight of Kron, who has come here bearing important news. We have come this way to inform you that we have personally driven off the barbarians.”
A look of shock waxed over the alderman. The village folk mumbled to each other. Some cheered, while others shook their weapons.
“It is indubitably true. But we have not gone out of our way seeking your congratulations.”
“Then why are you here,” the alderman insisted.
“Your old way of life is over, strictly speaking. Many changes are looming. We realize some of you must tend to your land, after all, you have farmed the soil of Cobbler’s Creek for generations. It would be a pity to let it rot away. Still, acres of fallow fields are useless if the bounty is plundered by your enemies.”
“So then you’ve come to seal our borders?”
“That would be impossible, and I will not bask in absurdity to ease your worries. It seems you are still on edge, and rightly so, but we are a bit on edge ourselves since we have been battling a formidable foe. The barbarians were only a nuisance compared to what lies ahead. In the outer realms, much is astir and now growing angst about a new burgeoning power. We have only caught a glimpse, but our sources tell us that we must act fast or we will all meet our maker.”
“Brave knight, you speak as a big-eared, double-chinned oracle,” Jerbus said. “We are simple folk leery of outsiders, and especially of those bearing swords. But still, we are grateful for your service.”
“Our service is not without motive. I am forthright about this matter as we seek your support. As I have mentioned, I am Lord of Tepwich, but I serve King Wesley as a Knight of Kron. King Wesley needs us now.”
Jerbus stepped forward. His left eye bore a deep squint, and he comported himself as distinguished as any count, nobleman, or big-eared, double-chinned oracle. He did not favor his wooden leg but sucked in his gut and spoke his mind. 
“Why should we believe you, or for that matter, pledge our support for King Wesley? None here have ever set foot in North Eld.”
“Such bravado from such feeble farmers,” another knight jibed. “You already owe us for driving away your enemy.”
“So here comes the dirty deal. Get off your horse and defend yourself,” Jerbus barked, raising his pitchfork.
“Now, now, there is no need for this,” the alderman said, stepping between the old farmer and the metal-clad knight.
“Good townspeople of Cobbler’s Creek. We have already given King Wesley our fealty because we know what perilous path lies ahead of us. This is not a mere beer hall tussle. Much is at stake. Our very rights and privileges. Have you not heard that Matara and Doxby have already fallen.”
“This is horrible. We know nothing of this.”
“This much we surmised. But mighty as we are, we are by no means invincible. Many men we have lost. Good men who fought for honor.”
It was then that a young lad spoke up. His voice boomed with pride in front of all the people of his village. Luma saw a bit of Tyler in him. This young man even looked like him with dirty blonde hair, a square jaw, and piercing blue eyes. Luma could see her childhood friend Tyler as a knight, and this caused her some confusion because she knew that he had a dream of sailing the seas. She couldn’t break from the visualization, though. She carefully spied on the men behind Sir Egron to see if she saw Tyler, for his presence seemed strong, but he was not there. Not on horseback, not on dirt.
“You lad,” Sir Egron said with a hearty tone. “You seem too young.”
“I am almost fifteen, my lord, and very strong.”
“You have nerve. I will give you that, but will you fight or flee when the time comes to do battle?”
“Fight.”
Sir Egron’s men were riled by the young lad’s words. So were the villagers. After the brave display, a dozen men came forward. They were appraised accordingly. Some passed inspection and were chosen by a knight. Sir Egron chose the young lad for himself, and the boy hopped onto the knight’s stead. Then, without fanfare, the knights and their newly acquired squires went off into the night, a long procession heading north. The sleepy village of Cobbler’s Creek was safe for the moment.
Chapter Ten Swamp Monster
Luma was sad to leave behind the villagers of Cobbler’s Creek. They reminded her of the proud and grumpy folks from Snupplebreeze. It was nice to know she could be so far away from home yet still have a little bit of home everywhere she roamed. She imagined that there would be other similar villages on their journey, and this made her happy. Since there was no imminent danger for the people of Cobbler’s Creek, they continued. 
Glanzing was disappointed because he did not have the chance to speak with Sir Egron, but the opportunity hadn’t presented itself, and the Knights of Kron seemed to be in a great rush to get where they were going. Glanzing was no battlemage, either. So it didn’t make sense to join their coalition when they were heading to North Eld, and Luma didn’t press the issue since Sir Egron’s crest did not bear the falcon from her vision. If they were meant to cross paths again, they would.
They commenced the day with a radiant sun, only to meet a cloud-clotted zone by noon. From a dusty path, they ambled into an increasingly soggier, sodden one, the graying sky pushing out until it fully enveloped them, thick puffs of cloud from head to toe. A tease of bright light hid behind the clouds, or so it seemed, as they plod through the fog. At first, only a sliver of sickly green light passed until it became steamier. Greenish vapors and a steamy froth, rising from the soupy floor. They entered a swampland.
“We must’ve veered off somehow?” Glanzing said.
“Not by my internal compass,” Sheldon assured. “This is definitely the way.”
“A lousy swamp.”
“You can’t have all fresh lawns and patches of daffodils,” Sheldon said jokingly.
“Well, this stinks. You will have to be our eyes,” Glanzing implored, earnestly fidgeting with his staff to turn off the superfluous glow from his magelight.
The beaming blue clashed with the sickly green vapors steaming from the swamp. The mage treaded cautiously into the bright fog. A soupy mess underfoot, a strange beam of lime-green phosphorescence appeared. Its sickly glow, expanding, not offering luminance so much as a distraction.
Luma was hypnotically drawn to it with a greater pull than she had by the lure of the sphinx. She did not even acknowledge her mentor but blindly swept into the sickly glow. Glanzing fought it off as long as he could, but eventually, he too fell victim to its beguiling tow and droopily drifted to it like a zombie chasing a grilled brain kebob.
Sheldon, again, in a terrible jam stymied by his ghostly state. Both living members of his party hypnotized, and he watched in horror. His grip useless in the living realm. His uppercut meant zilch. He kicked, yelled, and screamed was practically throwing a temper tantrum, but could not free his party from the will-o-wisp. Countless bodies filled the bottom of the swamp. Many moons ago, Sheldon almost met his untimely demise in that very slime bath.
Then the swamp monster, Glurp, made his slimy appearance. Sheldon had forgotten about him. Glurp had been wreaking havoc in Glowberry Swamp for centuries, scaring away thousands of displaced stragglers and drowning the rest. The mage was a runt compared to the swamp monster, not even rising to waist level. Glurp’s physique gleamed in a kind of toxic fluorescence. Nobody knew for sure what its diet was composed of though centaurs and herbalists believed it ate, whatever it got its slimy mitts on, the swamp’s equivalent of a ginormous jellyfish.
It had a fascination with Luma and lifted her off her feet. Held her in the palm of its slimy hand. Sheldon was fuming with anger. Tired of being left out, he decided to do something drastic. He still had a little crossover magic saved up in his reserve stash that worked in the living realm, but he needed to be absolutely strategic about it, or else his friends would be done for. Not to mention, his aim had to be perfect.
He took a deep ghostly breath before letting the first one loose, and then he spitballed Glanzing in the ear. By the second shot, he got his attention. The mage broke from his trance, his mouth agog when he saw his acolyte, dangling from the swamp monster’s giant hand. The mage flew into a rage and hurled fireballs, which didn’t seem to impact Glurp at all. His aim was off. He charged after the slimebrute and nearly ended up as fresh meat for the swamp soup. He rolled over and wiped the sludge, dripping off his arm.
“Calm down,” Sheldon said. “You’ve got this under control. His weak spot is his gut. He’s all flab.”
Glanzing clutched his staff, releasing a swirl of dust mixed with the magelight to form a shield. He raised it, blocking the nasty phosphorescent rays that Glurp emitted, and as they bounced off the shield, they ricocheted back and struck the swamp monster between the eyes. It staggered back, losing its hulking grip, and Luma jumped free. She was still not altogether herself. She loafed by the edge of the swamp, as the mage and the slimebrute tussled.
“Get’m in the gut,” Sheldon kept chanting.
The mage released the magic shield, turned his staff upside down, and began to use it as a spear. He poked and prodded, swung, and smote. Eventually, Glanzing landed a deadly blow to the monster’s flabby gut. Glurp doubled over long enough for Glanzing to help Luma to her feet. The mage would have his hands full, so Sheldon had to step in again and use his shady magic. He launched the last of his spitballs so that he could break Luma from her trance. Bullseye.
“What happened?” Luma said a little too giddily.
“No time for small talk. Let’s skedaddle.”
The swamp monster snapped a branch over his massive knee. He seethed with anger but wasn’t going to chase them because he’d be out of his element in the dry woods. 
It took them a little while to pass the sickly glow and the will-o-wisps. They kept charging long after it was behind them. Time to relish the dryland, birds, flowers, and trees.
After a long stroll through a meadow, they stumbled upon a small cottage with rickety shutters. An old bench missing one of its slats sat on the porch. The lawn was unkempt, weeds shooting up every which way. Some of the cobblestones were upturned, shattered into a million pieces, and patrolled vigorously by an army of red ants. The roof a total eyesore of missing tiles. 
“Why are we stopping here?” Luma inquired.
“This is where I need to be,” Sheldon said, letting out a sigh.
“This is your home?” Glanzing said with a note of measured incredulity.
“What can I say? I’ve been away for quite a while.”
“It looks abandoned,” Luma said.
Sheldon led them to the front door. He began to knock before he realized the silliness of his gesture. Glanzing took over and knocked for his old friend. An old lady, draped in a purple afghan, answered. She seemed glad for the company and invited them in. The inside of the cottage was much nicer than its shabby exterior.
The lady sat the guests on a couch while she ducked into her kitchen to whip up whatever she had for treats.
“Forgive me for not having much to offer,” the lady said. “When you live alone, you only make enough for one.”
“How true,” Glanzing said. “I’ve lived most of my life alone, so I can concur with you.”
“I find it hard to believe that such a handsome man as yourself could be a bachelor.”
“Perhaps it wasn’t in my cards to be a hubby.”
She returned with a tray of cookies and cakes and a pot of tea. Luma grabbed a handful of cookies, and the lady smiled at her. Glanzing felt awkward and waited for a sign from Sheldon. The Shade had gotten a bit emotional. He was moping around his old house, looking over things, admiring the fireplace where he and Bonnie shared many a cold night, keeping warm, and telling each other stories.
Bonnie sat in the chair across from Glanzing and blew on her cup of tea.
“Tell me what brings you out this way,” she said.
“I know this might seem peculiar and a bit unsettling, but we’ve come to reunite you with Sheldon.”
Her eyes opened wide, so did her mouth, and she quickly tried to cover it with her hand.
“It’s true,” Luma said. “He approached me back as we were leaving Fram.”
“What did he say?” Bonnie asked.
“That it was about time I came home,” Sheldon’s own voice said from Luma’s mouth.
Bonnie dropped her teacup. She got up but left it on the floor. She stepped away briefly, spun around, and then decided to come back and plummeted into the soft cushion of the couch.
“I didn’t mean to startle you, but I really didn’t have a choice. For years now, I’ve tried to find a good soul to help me with this unfinished business. This kind young lady was the first to accept my plea.”
“It’s been so long. I don’t even know where to begin.”
Bonnie held her fist to her mouth as if she were about to stop herself from crying or sneezing. She looked over at her guests and was particularly fixed on Luma, sitting in repose with closed eyes and in a deep state of brooding.
Then a waft of colorful dust peppered the air and grew into an oblong shape. Slowly, the lump whittled into distinct features: a head, nose, chin, shoulders, torso, legs, and feet. Sheldon was not such a bad-looking man. He perched his elbow on the edge of the sofa and crossed his legs at the ankles to demonstrate his affable yet laidback quality. He ran his finger on the edge of the sofa pillow while he waited for his cup of tea.
Glanzing let out a sigh of relief. He got up and went over to his old friend, Sheldon, and gave him a hearty hug.
“I will miss you, old buddy,” Sheldon said, double-tapping the mage’s back. “Thanks for bringing me home.”
“Never thought I’d say it, but it was a pleasure.”
Luma knew then that they needed to carry on and make up for the lost time. Still, it was rewarding to see the warm reaction. Goodwill did pay off.
Chapter Eleven The Lesson And The Golliwog Festival
The rickety old cottage was still in the distance when Luma began to miss the Shade. Even if the detour to Gorsk had slowed them down, it was well worth it. She took a moment to scratch a note down in her journal before they proceeded.
“I’m so glad we had a chance to get them back together,” Luma said.
“Me too,” Glanzing said. “But now Sheldon’s business is complete, and we have a long way to go.”
“You sound quite serious.”
“It was definitely a good learning experience for you, but helping out a Shade can be extremely draining, as you, no doubt, had the chance to see. But you will soon see a marked improvement in your focus. Should be getting a boost in energy, too.”
“I think it is already underway.”
“I didn’t have a chance to mention this before. The widow’s home came up so suddenly, but when we tangled with the swamp monster, you were easily pulled in by its hypnotic glow.”
“Blocked out all my thoughts.”
“You’ve never experienced one. Obviously, you didn’t know how to cope with it, but we were nearly swamp soup. Sheldon really saved us. I was falling into the same trap, and I should have known better, but it happened so quickly. Worries me that we could fall into another trap like that. Now, with your gifted and expanding mental prowess, I want to help you tap more into your strength. We will go over how to look for signs and what to do in different situations.
“Fine by me.”
“I know that giving voice to the Shade took quite a toll on you. I also suspect Glurp’s hypnotic glow wouldn’t have penetrated your mind had you unimpeded access to your faculties.”
“I felt really drained when we entered the swamp. I don’t recall much if anything at all.”
“This will prove to be our first lesson in utilizing resources. Mages may have the ability to use magic, but we do not have unlimited resources. We must choose wisely our battles. Every charm, spell, and scry sucks up energy. Stress, too.”
“Which is why Meldor wanted us to pair up and look out for each other.”
“Precisely. Our magic is complementary. I’m not gifted in mindreading and visions as you, but I have a lot of experience, knowledge of ancient verse, and how to summon energy from this staff.”
“Will I ever get a staff of my own?”
“Someday, you will. For now, take it one day at a time. We both need to recover a bit before engaging in any more tussles.”
They wandered on, and Glanzing continued with the lesson in resource utilization, most of it boring stuff but essential. To mix it up, and keep her interest, he taught his acolyte a few charms. Luma was tempted to try every little one, and Glanzing had a heck of a time getting her to slow down. The stress of mentoring, finally settling in, brought a new tingle to his cheeks and chin but no gray whiskers.
After a long stretch through a wooded area, Glanzing treated himself to a nap. Luma poked around the environs, examining shrooms and shrubs. She even called out to a couple of sparrows to see if she could converse with them.
A pretty lark seemed to find her amusing. Luma kept it company, trailed her back to its nest perched high up in a tree. She watched the mother bird drop worms for her babies. Then Luma followed an army of ants, hauling a giant crumb to a chunky rock. She observed with awe their punctilious precision at teamwork. She even barked a few orders, pretending she was boss.
When she lost interest, she looked for something else to busy herself. She had a boost in energy and was eager to spend it but couldn’t find something that grabbed her attention. No more birdwatching or collecting any berries. She eyed the mage’s knapsack peacefully propped behind Glanzing’s head.
A spark went off, and she had the sudden urge to pick up the book. She wanted to seize the moment and see if she had any inkling as to the meaning in the text. She also wanted to see if somehow she could mend any of it. Even a page would do.
With all their encounters and the constant push to move on, this was the first moment of reprieve. Even when they took turns getting a bit of shuteye, Glanzing was very edgy and often broke from his sleep. She watched him snore and knew this was her golden chance. She craved another peek at the book to see if anything had changed. It was, after all, a magic book. She didn’t have much of a chance to look at it when they were at Harberk’s Castle. As an essential part of this quest, it seemed absurd for her not to know more about its contents and if she could contribute to its restoration.
She waited till Glanzing turned over before making her move. With gentle hands, she undid the latch to the knapsack. Then deftly lifted the flap. Inside was the lumpy package still wrapped like a mummy. Slowly, she peeled off the cloth.
With each layer she removed, she got a new tingle of excitement. She wondered if the book had morphed into a living thing. An owl. A puppy. Maybe even a baby dragon. She leaned her ear to it. No heartbeat and no distinct smell. Although, there was a faint whiff of wet dog. Then she thought of a puppy again, but it was probably only the bandages and the fact that she was in the woods with all those outdoorsy smells coalescing that gave her this olfactory impression. 
Luma got a bit nervous and glanced over at her mentor. She let out a sigh when she saw he was still snoring up a storm.
She stopped before peeling off the last layer. A bit of guilt nipped at her. Maybe this was wrong. Glanzing had gone out of his way to guard the book with his life and, here she was, exposing it to the elements. Luma was chewing on this thought and almost wrapped the book back up when it dawned on her that her magic ability might very well be what this special thing needed.
With that in mind, she removed the last bit of the cloth. When she set her eyes on the mess, she was dumbfounded. What on earth was she looking at? It looked in even worse shape than the glimpse she caught at Harberk’s Castle. Could that be possible? She turned around and tried to get a good look from all angles. It was the opposite of a sight for sore eyes— it gave sore eyes. It was an utter abomination.
“Put that away!” Glanzing snapped.
Luma dropped it on the ground. Glanzing rolled over, got on his feet, then rushed over and snatched the book from her. He was furious, and Luma wanted to crawl under a rock.
“Are you happy now?”
“In a way, yes. But it seems odd that such a monstrosity should be coveted.”
“You were trying to steal it.”
“No. Of course not.”
“Then what were you doing with it?”
“I only wanted to see if I could channel into it.”
“Mend it?”
“No. Communicate. I thought maybe it wanted to tell me something.”
“In its ruined state, it will require complete reconstruction. You heard Pimby. We cannot risk any more damage. It may even be beyond repair.”
“I thought it was worth a shot.”
Practically speechless, the mage shook his head. “You are going to have to do better than that. You lost my trust.”
“I meant no harm. You have my word. I will not touch it again.”

***

So much for Glanzing’s nap. Naps were overrated until you needed one. The only way for Glanzing to teach his acolyte a lesson was to share his burden with Luma— the weight of it. He let her schlep it on her shoulders. Why not? He could use the break, and with this remarkable stroke of psychology, he would make Luma more engaged in the quest. He’d have to respect her to let her tote such an important book.
Luma was unusually obedient after this and didn’t complain, and it began to irk her mentor. Glanzing hated to be a disciplinarian, which is why he broke from the Molwats, but her fealty, under this seemingly laborious task, was beyond him. He would never have been so accommodating when he was Luma’s age. Back then, he was nothing but a prankster. On the other hand, the ninety-year-old Glanzing could appreciate Luma’s dedication to the mission. They were both growing up a lot.
Somehow, they made it into another swamp. More of a bog, actually. Unflustered, they kept eyes peeled for monsters and will-o-wisps, but they were incognito. Soon they entered a clearing. They stayed on that path for a while. Luma whistled to make the time go by and keep things upbeat. Glanzing used his staff to sweep away tall grass and brush.
Then he stood still, eying a swaying bush as a few twigs snapped. A rustling of stammering steps followed. Luma stopped whistling to stay focused. A doe scurried ahead, and Luma smiled. Glanzing stayed still, certain he heard another sound. Then, an arrow shot forth. Luma ducked, and it sailed over her head. She made for the tall grass, staying low. The only way she could hide from the archer. Glanzing held his ground, though he trembled.
The archer wore a dull green hat, his quiver packed with, at least, a half-dozen arrows. She didn’t think she was the actual target, but better to be safe than sorry, so she laid low. As he left behind the brush and prowled through the grass, Luma could see the archer was a dwarf. How amazing! She never met one before and sensed he meant no harm to her, as he was fully engrossed in the bird he was pursuing, that fluttered off each time he missed his mark. She crept toward him with stealthy steps. Then, she sneezed and blew her cover. 
“Jumping red newts!” the dwarf said. “I thought I was all alone.”
“Sorry to disturb you,” Luma said. 
 The dwarf stared, holding his bow with pudgy fingers. 
“Who are you?” the dwarf said.
“I am, Luma from Snupplebreeze.”
“Never been there myself, but one of these days, I will be off on an adventure and will probably pass by. My name is Vigo.”
The dwarf looked at the mage and wasn’t quite sure what to make of him. Glanzing towered over the dwarf but tried comporting himself in a way that neither lorded his height advantage nor made any silly attempt to stoop to the dwarf’s level. Both were considered bad manners. Though the mage had come across dwarves on past quests, he didn’t usually have a great rapport with them. Glanzing made a half-hearted introduction, and then Luma followed Vigo on his hunt.
“What are you hunting?” Luma said
“Why, Golliwogs, of course,” Vigo said.
“What are those?”
“I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that. Golliwogs are only the most delicious bird and one of the most difficult to catch.”
“Have you hit any today?”
“Unfortunately, no, and that’s a terrible shame. Today is the Great Golliwog Festival, and if I don’t come back with at least one, my brothers will never let me forget it.”
“Well, we certainly can’t have that.”
“They’re relentless, and since I’m the youngest, they tease me about everything. They think I’m a nimrod.”
“I don’t have any brothers, but I imagine they can be unbearable.”
“You’ve got that right.”
“Hey, why are you looking at me funny?”
“It just occurred to me. You’re human. Both of you.”
“Yes. Is that a problem?”
“Not at all. It only makes this a bit unusual.”
“What?”
“It’s been a Golliwog tradition for the last twelve generations that, whoever you bump into during your hunt, must be invited to your supper.”
“We couldn’t impose,” Glanzing was quick to decline.
“Not at all. In fact, my father, King Virgil, of the Venerable House of Popkins would be delighted. And maybe my family will be so shocked at having humans over for the supper that they will forget I didn’t nab one of my own.”
“Let’s bring them one anyway!” Luma said, exuding confidence.
After that, they were determined to bring home fresh meat and spent the next hour pursuing the acclaimed bird. It was extremely challenging, or they were lousy hunters. Maybe both.
Glanzing shook his head at his dumb luck, but he was also happy to have Luma along as his buffer. She was the peppy one and made all the small talk with the dwarf.
After an hour or so, they had to call it quits, even though they didn’t catch anything. Vigo’s family was expecting him, and he was already late. Luma helped her new friend prepare a fabulous story to protect the young dwarf’s honor. She didn’t want Vigo’s big brothers to give him an atomic wedgie.
It did not take long to reach the venerable House of Popkins, where King Virgil’s family had a great feast prepared to honor their favorite bird, the Golliwog. Vigo’s brother was in front of their home, carrying a bundle of logs for the fire. Vigo sidled up to his brother, Godin, and tickled his ear.
“You sneak,” Godin shouted. “I ought to slug you.”
“Like to see you try,” Vigo snapped back. Then the two brothers took jabs at each other. When the eldest saw the humans, he stopped. His mouth agog.
“Who do we have here?” Godin said.
“Luma from Snupplebreeze and this is my mentor, Glanzing.”
“This is unexpected,” Godin said, picking at the tuft on his chin.
By way of splendid contrast, Vigo’s face was smooth as a lizard’s belly.
For the record, pubescent dwarves, with only a few prickly whiskers on their chinny chins and chubby cheeks, were not treated the same as their older relations who had full beards. It was a rite of passage, and older brothers, in every realm, relished every opportunity to flaunt this feature. Glanzing seemed to be scrutinizing Godin’s beard, perhaps to see if he could find any gray whiskers.
Vigo had a frazzled look as if he’d suffered through thousands of headlocks, dead arms, and wet willies. Having a female guest present probably made the matter that much more stressful, but fortunately, the House of Popkins was a noble house, and as such, needed to maintain a manner of decorum for guests and tradition.
“We’ve been worried sick about you, little brother. We must hurry. Our feast has almost begun. Please forgive me for my lack of manners. I’m Godin, Vigo’s older brother.”
“Only by a measly year,” Vigo said.
“Yes, and that year has made all the difference,” Godin said with a chortle.
Vigo made a sudden thrust, trying perhaps, to make his brother flinch. It was obvious to anyone who ever had an older brother that sat on his head that this bold, but canny move was meant to save face and appear bold when in fact, if they were alone, the little one would get an atomic wedgie. Godin’s face changed. His lips pursed, and he appeared to want to strike his brother but kept calm. Luma breathed a sigh of relief for her new friend. Glanzing seemed disappointed that the two had calmed down. 
“Follow me,” Godin said, leading the way, and Luma walked beside Vigo. The walls were thick and tall. Surprisingly so for dwarves. She wondered if all dwarves had similar homes or if the House of Popkins was unique. Vigo mentioned something about it being noble, after all. She also wondered who built the house. She admired the portraits of the distinguished members of the family. 
A long wooden table filled with fine white plates and polished silverware waited for them. Vigo’s brothers and sisters helped prepare for the feast. There was a large mahogany chair at the head of the table. That had to be for King Virgil. Everybody was so busy tidying up and completing their assignments that they didn’t pay any mind until they did.
Jasper, one of the middle brothers, dropped a plate. Godin grabbed a broom and swept up the shards. Lorna, the youngest sister, approached Luma.
“Where did you come from?” Lorna said.
“I met your brother, Vigo, shortly after I left my village, Snupplebreeze. I startled him as he was aiming for a Golliwog.” 
The moment Luma said it, she regretted it. Vigo winced. Fortunately for him, Godin was still busy sweeping when she said it. The room buzzed with chatter and constant shuffling. It was amazing nobody bumped into each other. Being an only child, she could not compare it to anything she’d ever seen. 
Then everything went dead silent as King Virgil entered. Everybody raced to their positions and stood by their chairs, waiting until the king took his place. Instead of a crown, he wore a small black hat. Garbed in a fine burgundy vest with sliver beads inlaid around the shoulders, adding to his stately posture.
“This is a special feast, and we all must rejoice, but we must also prepare for the challenge ahead. My five eldest Gosin, Gilim, Wafi, Powol, and Vadim will be accompanying me to Matara for the momentous battle. Time has come. We must forge ahead and protect our people. We will be fighting alongside the Knights of Kron and the good people from the eastern realms. The Morelegs of Og will pay the price for the damage they’ve done.”
King Virgil caught a glimpse of the guests and stopped his speech. So engrossed in his thoughts and the seriousness of the occasion he probably hadn’t noticed the guests until that moment. 
“How did you come to be here on such an auspicious night, the Feast of Golliwogs,” King Virgil said.
“Forgive me, father, for not making the proper introduction,” Vigo said most ruefully. “I didn’t want to interrupt when you started your speech.”
“But you brought these strangers— humans— to our celebration,” King Virgil said. 
“Luma is an aspiring mage out on a quest,” Godin said. “She’s accompanied by her mentor, Glanzing.”
“We haven’t had a human attend one of our Golliwog Feasts in centuries, but maybe it’s high time we amended that.”
“Yes. This is a special day, indeed,” Vadim, the eldest said. “We will soon be fighting alongside humans. We should mark this as a turning point. The day we forged a new friendship.”
“Well put, my son,” King Virgil said valiantly. “Now, let us hear from our guests.”
“Then it is okay for her to break bread with us?” Vigo asked.
“Absolutely,” King Virgil declared.
It was a feast like nothing Luma had ever experienced. Good thing she hadn’t eaten all day. Golliwog was every bit as delicious as Vigo claimed. A thousand times yummier than turkey and even better than duck dressed in plum sauce. The special occasion made it all seem so delightful. Luma wondered what it would be like to have all those brothers and sisters. She watched how well-mannered they all seemed, on the surface, but when the chance presented itself, some indulged in gossip and plenty of pranks. King Virgil clapped twice, and everybody stopped jabbering. Not a clink of fork or a swish of drink.
“This will be my last interruption. We are having such a jolly time and are happy to have new friends with us, but if I don't take this moment to bestow my great great great great grandfather’s sword to my eldest, Vadim, then I might forget to do it the proper way, during the heart of the Golliwog Feast, as 12 generations of Borgstrum have done.”
King Virgil slipped away from the table, for a moment. He came back with an impressive sword.
“This was forged by your great, great, great, great grandfather when he needed a mighty weapon to defend our people from the goblins and the merciless marauders of Thimblewolf during the First War of the Eastern Realm.
Your Great Great Grandfather used it to slay the Hollowich Sea Monster when his boat capsized in the Peebish Sea. And your grandfather used it to defend our house the first time we faced the Morelegs of Og. What a ferocious series of battles that was! And, of course, I have raised its hilt against the Morelegs, the Kolgads, and the Spotted Viper in the Upper Woodlands of Fleen.”
King Virgil offered the sword to his eldest son, Vadim. The candlelight flickered, and a brilliant sheen shimmered on the edge of the blade.
Vadim accepted the sword with great reverence, and the King had a glimmer in his eye as he stood gallantly before his family, sharing the ritual words from his heralded past. They listened attentively to this rite of passage, as for some, it had been the first time they had heard these words uttered on such an auspicious occasion.
Luma took special notice of the King as he said the final words to complete the honor. His deep-set brown eyes fixed on his son, and a knot of pride, swelling in his throat. No Feast more resplendent.
A spirited round of applause concluded the ceremony. There was a brief interlude so that the youngest sister, Lorna, and a few of her cousins gathered their instruments to play some music. King Virgil, the first one up on the floor, danced with his eldest daughter, Kalea. Vadim invited Luma, and she eagerly obliged the future King. Soon everybody got up to dance. Even Glanzing swayed to the melodies.
Everybody had a wonderful time, except for Vigo, who sat by himself while his older brothers made merry before they headed off to battle. He tried to kid around, but his juvenile antics didn’t fool Luma because she could see he was eager to become a grownup. He would not be slated for armor and sword for another few years, at the behest of his mother. The King had promised his wife, the late Queen Kalissa, that he would only send their youngest son when he’d grown his first whiskers, and, even then, he might wait until he was in his late thirties.
Luma approached him with a goblet of glug. He didn’t want to dance because he claimed he had two left feet, and even though Luma didn’t believe him, she didn’t press on about the matter. She was happy enough to talk with him and learn more about his family’s history. One thing that puzzled her was the name. She still couldn’t reconcile the difference between the estate, which was called the Venerable House of Popkins, and Vigo’s father’s surname, King Virgil Borgstrum.
Vigo told her the property had belonged to his mother’s line, and the sword came from his father. His mother was a Popkins, and his father was the Borgstrum, which had initially been two notorious feuding families until the sweethearts, Virgil and Kalissa, eloped together, bringing the two most powerful dwarf families under the same helm.
“It’s amazing when you think of it,” Luma said. “I’ve never met royalty. I’m glad your family is so close. I wish I knew more about mine.”
“We have our moments, but mostly we work things out. It’s kind of funny. Sometimes I wish I was the only child. I feel like everything is mapped out for me, but not until I’m old enough. I have no say in how I choose to live my own life.”
“You have a lot to say about it, and you represent a very proud tradition.”
“But look at you. A young girl out on her own. On a quest. I would do anything to be in your shoes.”
“I’m not completely on my own. I have Glanzing as a mentor. He makes sure everything is alright.”
“My dad doesn’t know it yet, but I am ready, too. Not to go off to battle, but to be my own dwarf and go on an adventure.”
“You will, Vigo. I know it. Someday soon, you will.”
Chapter Twelve The Herbalist
By the end of the following day, the feast was finally over. Surprisingly enough, there were still some table scraps leftover and a few heels of bread. King Virgil rounded up the eldest sons, sharing some words of wisdom, and then wished them well on their journey. He also thanked his guests for attending the festival.
Vigo had changed into less formal attire but was well-dressed for a day’s hike. He assured Glanzing that it was necessary to have a guide lead them to the edge of their forest. While there wasn’t any enchantment associated with the grove, there were snakes, wild boars, and some animal traps that could snap them up. He suggested a clear, well-lit path, and they went along with him.
Glanzing seemed eager to say goodbye to Vigo and rid himself of the extra burden of supervision. The Good Enchanter offered the dwarf warm tidings. Luma looked stunned by Glanzing’s apparent lack of manners.
“Are you trying to ditch Vigo?” Luma said.
“Why no,” Glanzing replied. “Although I’m sure he must be anxious to return home. King Virgil must be concerned about his youngest boy.”
“I’m here to lead you through the Woods,” Vigo insisted. “Thi?s is a foreign land to you.”
“That is true, but I have my intuition to guide me, and I must have absolute focus if I am to instruct Luma in developing her magical abilities.”
“Forgive me for sounding bold, but I think this should be the very reason you permit me to show you the way through these tricky parts so that you can devote your efforts to Luma’s mentoring. There is much more than thickets and prickly pests to be mindful of in this land. Let me take you to the end of the Woods, and then you can decide for yourself whether I am a nuisance or an asset.”
“This is true,” Luma said. “Remember how Sheldon looked out for us. An extra set of eyes goes a long way.”
The Good Enchanter conceded, scratching his beard.
“Why do I think I am going to regret this?”
They walked together through the woods, and Vigo had many stories for them. Every so often, he stopped when he thought he’d heard or seen a Golliwog scampering about the brush. He didn’t have his quiver with him as that was only used for hunting for the festival, and anyway, he wasn’t a particularly good shot. He did have his trusty ax, but that was strictly for protection. 
Vigo served as the first night watch. Something he had never done before and did it gladly. While his brothers were off defending the honor of the Venerable House of Popkins in the field of battle, he would make his contribution by looking after the mage and his acolyte. Everybody’s contribution worthwhile, no matter how seemingly small it might be. The words of King Virgil served as an important reminder of this and somehow provided comfort.
Soon, the sound of cicadas competed for attention along with the ripple of the babbling brook. The treetops swayed in the breeze.
First watch felt like a tall order, a huge responsibility, but after an hour of sitting with his arms tucked around his knees, he became both sleepier and less enthusiastic. Then something began rummaging in the bushes. Vigo’s heart pounded. Sweat beaded off his cheeks and forehead as the rumbling got closer and closer. Two golden eyeballs glimmering, and when it leaped out, he nearly jumped out of his skin. It was only a raccoon, and it actually seemed more frightened of the dwarf. Vigo raised his ax, and the raccoon scurried off into the woods.
After a while, Vigo got used to the forest sounds and almost dozed off a couple of times until he felt Luma’s elbow. She nudged him, and he sat up bolt upright. He rubbed his face and let out a big yawn. How nice it was to be relieved of guard duty.
The dwarf could finally get his precious shuteye, except he no longer felt sleepy. The forest, teeming with life and sound, made him more awake, everything more brilliant lit under the moon glow. He kept Luma company, although she seemed more interested in digging into the little book of spells Glanzing had loaned her. She could feel Vigo’s eyes and his warm breath on her as she scanned the pages. Vigo didn’t last long. Attempting to read over her shoulder, he conked out after Luma turned the second page.
Luma propped the book on her folded legs and gleaned over the centuries-old pages lit by the full moon. She soaked up the words with great zeal and could almost see the cursive letters leaping off the pages— red newts whispering in her ear, baby dragons chasing their tails, fauns and fairies dancing about and holding hands. The phrasings were arcane and whimsical. She read it the way she read poetry, devouring every syllable with delight like pieces of candy.
Then a shadow snuck up, blotted out a slice of the bright moonbeam. It was a flapping wing. A bat? No. Too big. Luma got up, followed it, but it flew away before she could get close enough. So strange, but it was not her imagination. She was certain.
Before long morning came, then after a small breakfast, they set off on their quest. In the distance, dark clouds loomed, tailing them through the thick brush. Glanzing used his staff to sweep aside thorns and bramble. The heavy air and brimming moisture filled his bones. Not much time to get a lesson in. Then the rain came. The mage tossed his hood over his head. Luma put on the woolen hat her aunt had knit for her, though her hair was already wet.
Glanzing didn’t make haste. He clutched his staff firmly, raising it skyward as the rain soon gave way to hail. Thick as crab apples. Vigo shielded Luma as best he could as they got pelted mercilessly. Glanzing chanted some words in the Old Language. This seemed to soften the hail, but the winds began to kick up. A strong gust knocked the Good Enchanter back, his gray cloak fluttering behind. Treetops swayed, and small animals dashed for cover.
Glanzing was finally able to drive the storm westward, and though this put a smile on Luma’s face, the mage seemed troubled.
“What’s the matter?” she asked.
“I may have pushed away the storm, but the eye looms, and it will fall harshly in the West. No telling what damage and harm it may cause.”
“Could you not crush it with a sweep of your staff?” Vigo inquired.
“For every dodge, there is a parry. No matter how many times I push the storm aside, it eventually regroups, sometimes more powerful than before. To answer your question about crushing the storm, that is impossible. Even if it appears that I have destroyed it, elements are eternal. They become repurposed in the atmosphere and menace a new range.”
“That’s scary stuff,” Luma said. “I never really considered the ramifications.”
“It is scary, indeed, and there are always ramifications,” Glanzing replied. “Not to mention the amount of energy spent trying to destroy such a menacing force. We will discuss that a bit later.”
Glanzing, himself, looked quite spent. He trudged along with his staff, less of a storm spear and more of a cane.
They came to the end of the Woods, but Vigo refused to leave them. The chance for adventure was a great elixir, and Luma had inspired him to make this great leap.
“I know that I only promised to take you to the end of the woods,” Vigo said, “But I must break my promise.”
“Our word is all we have, my lad,” Glanzing said disparagingly.
“I’d rather bite my tongue or be stung by a hornet than turn my back on you now.”
“We will be fine. We can carry on from here,” the Good Enchanter said, limping along. His gait was impaired, and since he had spent so much of his energy pushing away the storm, he didn’t have the wherewithal to weave an illusion to cover up his condition.
Luma looked at Vigo with much concern. The stubborn Glanzing trampled on and, Luma led Vigo by the hand.
An hour later, more or less, Glanzing looked even worse, stumbling about like he had been throttled with a spell or had a terrible cold. He began trembling. Hadn’t bothered to shoo Vigo away because he was lost in his own world.
Luma and the dwarf huddled close together and began conspiring as to how to deal with the feeble weatherworker.
“Not far off is an herbalist,” Vigo said. “Somebody who can get his strength back up.”
“No need for such foolishness,” the Good Enchanter said. “Make sure to feed the dragon.”
Vigo and Luma looked in puzzlement at each other.
“I think he is getting delirious,” Luma said.
“No worries. We are getting close.”
By the time they arrived at the herbalist’s abode, Glanzing was hobbling. They had held him up as long as possible. He nearly collapsed at the doorway. The herbalist was a scrawny old lady, but her face had a timeless, ageless quality. She, and her shaggy dog, helped Luma and Vigo drag the mage to an empty cot.
The herbalist didn’t say much, busying herself with her work. She comported herself in a snooty, focused manner, muttering the names of spices, herbs, and dried botanicals, most of which sounded foreign and even mystical. The room was a spectacular mess of books, potions, and critters. Turtles, toads, and spiders scampering to their hearts’ contentment. A lizard slithered on the back of a large, mahogany chair. Two Angora cats perched high above on a bureau looked like gargoyles guarding the premises. A bat flit around the room in wide arcs over a burbling cauldron, steam rising above the pot in wispy spires.
“Is that a potion?” Luma asked.
The herbalist gazed at Luma, perhaps she hadn’t decided what to make of the child.
“You there,” the herbalist said. “Remove his cloak.”
Luma did as instructed.
“And you, take this cloth and put it on his forehead.”
Vigo obeyed, placing the smelly washrag on Glanzing’s forehead. The Good Enchanter stirred a little then coiled up like a baby in a crib.
“Silly old fool,” the herbalist said. “Listen to me prattling on. I could be his older sister, but I won’t go telling you my age. Not a chance. Hah! Weary as he looks, I guess he’s only middle-aged for a mage. That’s the wizard’s life for you. I suppose he was trying to impress you with his spells?”
“Not at all,” Luma said. “Glanzing spent himself pushing away a storm.”
“Glanzing is it,” the herbalist said with a chortle. “I should have known. Haven’t heard that name in half a century. Can’t believe he’s still going. Probably better off in a garden, tending to tulips or tiger lilies. Or toasting marshmallows over a campfire.”
“He’s still a wizard!” Luma rebuked.
“Is he?” the herbalist said. “Those are mighty words from a sassy child.”
“So you’ve heard of him.”
“He was a troublemaker and drove his mentor, Ugobaldo, right up the wall. He was probably the worst acolyte to manage. A prankster and a rogue.”
“Did you say Ugobaldo? That was my grandfather.”
“Well, wrap me in a griffin’s mane. That’s one heck of a line you come from.”
“I’m a bit confused here. I thought Meldor was his mentor.”
“Yes, that’s right, I believe. After he did his first apprenticeship, Glanzing moved on to study with Ugobaldo. Takes a while for a mage to make the right match. Some never find the right one.”
“I don’t believe it. Meldor must have known but didn’t tell me. Neither did Glanzing.”
“Must be some reason for that. Perhaps it needed to be kept secret. Maybe for your own protection, but the cat’s out of the bag now. Can’t undo that. As you can plainly see, I’m not bound by any big fancy order of mages. With me, what you see is what you get.”
“Tell me more about my grandfather. I know almost nothing of his adventures.”
“My word. He was something in his day. One of the greatest weatherworkers, and then he became a dragonlord. Battled the Spotted Vipers of Fleen, nearly all by himself.”
“I had no idea. I’ve only recently come to learn about my roots.”
“Nobody braver or more foolish. Well, except for Glanzing, regarding the foolishness, anyhow. Tell me your name?”
“Luma.”
“That is a strange one. You are not from here?”
“I am not. I’m from Snupplebreeze.”
“That explains it. Your grandfather was quite an explorer, so it doesn’t surprise me that you are following in his footsteps.”
“Did you ever heal my grandfather?”
“As a matter of fact, twice. Once from a poison arrow and another time when he spent his energy.”
“Tell me about it.”
“Well, he was very young in those days. Me, too, still had black hair back then and half as many warts and half as many wrinkles. Your grandfather was an acolyte as yourself and was getting his mentoring from Belpatha.”
“We are on our way to see her in Pōg,” Luma said.
“She is still one of the most powerful wizards around. Very wise and very enigmatic, Belpatha is. The first lady dragonlord. She has the gift of communicating with all beasts.”
“Even Golliwogs?” Vigo queried.
“Wugwumps too,” the herbalist added. “I believe she keeps one as a pet.”
 “Glanzing didn’t mention much about Belpatha to me,” Luma said.
“I am sure this is not at all the way he had planned it, but you are very lucky to have come my way. There is much strangeness lurking in these parts these days. All over. A dark force astir. Good that you are on your way to meet Belpatha. She will know how to prepare you to face it.”
“Did you study with Belpatha?” Luma asked.
“I am a simple herbalist. A homeopathic witch,” she murmured with a grin.
“What is your name?”
“They call me Cramina. I’m the last one from these parts, and I’m afraid when I kick the bucket, there won’t be anybody left to do the healing. Not here, anyways.”
“So we were really lucky to come by you.”
“Vigo knows. When his brother, Vadim, was ill many years ago, I took care of him. How is he now?”
“Vadim is off to battle,” Vigo said in a solemn tone.
“It has come to it, I’m afraid. I wish him well and to your father, King Virgil.”
“Thank you for your kind words.”
Luma had a little more time to pick Cramina’s brain, but then the addled mage began to stir. He was mussy-haired and groggy but starting to look a little better. Eager for his staff, he made phantom gropes for it, though it rested in the corner. Sometime later, he got up. He still had a touch of wobbliness. The herbalist checked on him, holding a tea kettle. “Make yourself cozy,” Cramina said with a toothy cackle. “You are my guest.”
Glanzing’s cheeks flushed red. He sat more out of need than taking Cramina’s words to heart.
They had many cups of tea as the mage reconnected with the herbalist. While chatting, they filled in some of the blanks for Luma. She was even more curious after listening to the herbalist and her mentor talking about the old days. Vigo was munching on a cracker with jam, crunching with such chompy delight that Luma had a difficult time hearing what Cramina was saying to Glanzing. They got up at one point, and Cramina handed a small object to Glanzing. Luma’s view was obstructed by one of the cats leaping onto the table. Cramina whispered to the mage, and Glanzing nodded.
They shared stories throughout most of the night. Luma was most eager to hear the ones about her grandfather and Glanzing getting into trouble. Wrinkled as she was, Cramina had a mischievous, youthful glow about her, as if she were reliving her past through the weatherworker’s stories.
The next morning the pinkish sun was beaming over the hills. Cramina packed a few provisions for her guests: bulmas which were thin-baked cakes, some bread, and jam, and made sure their botas were filled with fluid. Luma sipped a little before she left and said it was the most delicious water she had ever tasted. Cramina smiled because it was a special botanical concoction.
Cramina handed Glanzing two small flasks, and the Good Enchanter quickly hid them inside his cloak.
“Use it only if absolutely necessary,” Cramina said.
Glanzing swore that he would abide by her wish. They said their goodbyes, and Cramina waved one last time with the lizard nestling on her shoulder. Luma turned and saw how furrowed her brows were. Cramina was concerned about them, but Glanzing didn’t let on that there was anything to fret over.
Luma wondered what all the whispering had been about and what type of potions Cramina had given to Glanzing. Also, why did he have to use it only if absolutely necessary? She was eager to get to Pōg and see, with her own eyes, what the famous Belpatha looked like, and who were the other acolytes at the mystical Goatswallow Hills.
Luma turned to the Glanzing, and with the sharp, measured diction of her Aunt Paula, admonished her mentor. “You are going to take it easy,” Luma said in a stern tone. “You must share the burden with me.”
“I guess now is as good a time as any to warn you about spending yourself since I made an utter fool of myself,” Glanzing said.
“According to Cramina, yes. But I don’t think so. You are just not used to relying on others for help.”
“You may be right there. All the same, a good mage or, should I say, a wise one knows that sometimes, it is much better to let nature take its course than to fight it head-on.”
“I can’t believe you knew my grandfather, and you never told me. You and Meldor kept it from me.”
“So did your Aunt, but let’s not lay blame. I have plenty of stories that I will be happy to share. We have a long journey after all.”
“Cramina mentioned about a time that you and my grandfather took on something before you were ready. What did she mean by that?”
“Ugobaldo would have said otherwise. At the time, he was strong-willed and even a bit brazen when I was his acolyte. He wasn’t even that much older than me, but he wizened up sooner than I did. Belpatha took to him, saw his great potential. She challenged him, but your grandfather proved his mettle.
We were gifted differently. I was a mere weatherworker while he was deft with enchantments. His illusions were phenomenal. You could hardly distinguish them from the actual objects, and his charms and spells were beyond reproach. He even showed promise in mending. None of his contemporaries were as well-rounded as he was.
Eventually, he even outshined me in weatherworking. But his biggest weakness was himself. His need for continuous competition, rivalries, and challenges. Then he made his boldest move, dark magic.”
“Is that how he died?”
“I cannot go into that right now. We will leave that story for another time. Let me answer your first question about how your grandfather and myself got in over our heads. Many years ago, Ugobaldo had an archrival named Thrake. He was highly sought after by all the orders, and he spurned them all.
Thrake gained an enormous amount of strength and tormented the people of Munt, Cosca, and Zisk. He journeyed to the Zoppin Forests, and when he plundered their land and enslaved their inhabitants, he became even greedier. His power was fierce, but he craved more. He seized control of the eastern realms, much like what has happened to those lands now, and set his sight on the Sacred Horn of Cor. He was off to steal it when your grandfather confronted him without Belpatha’s permission.
Shortly before tangling with Thrake, Ugobaldo had defeated a smaller foe called, Wailan, who was said to be Thrake’s acolyte back then. He used a binding spell on Wailan and saved his more potent charm for the mentor. Then he was off to Cor to prevent Thrake from taking the Sacred Horn.
I was along on the boat ride. I had woven the winds in our favor, our boat sailing at an unfathomable pace. We arrived before Thrake, and your grandfather had a chance to hold the Sacred Horn. He appeared unstoppable. Fortunately, he was on the right side of wizardry.
When Thrake made it to Cor, there was a formidable battle. The dark mage landed as a falcon. He had incredible shapeshifting powers. He kept his falcon form and attacked your grandfather, but his ego was even bigger and bolder than your grandfather’s. He chose to attack head-on. Ugobaldo refused to surrender the Horn, and Thrake stung him with a piercing spell. Ugobaldo only appeared momentarily stunned. He dusted himself off and dug into his cloak for some potion and thwarted Thrake with it.
Your grandfather was very crafty and only seemed addled by the potion. Ugobaldo seized the chance and put all his might into a binding spell, the very one he used to defeat Wailan. It worked on Wailan because he wasn’t the wizard that Thrake was. Remember, I told you how the dark mage arrived on Cor.”
“As a falcon,” Luma said.
“That’s right. Well, Thrake morphed back into a falcon, and this time he was enormous and more powerful than before, with talons as long and sharp as dragon claws. He shredded the binding spell as if it were paper, and Ugobaldo fell over. He was already spent because he had used up so much of his strength on Wailan only days before that he hadn’t fully recovered. He was too smitten with the binding force he neglected to use another method. He also took Thrake’s shapeshifting for granted.
Your grandfather would have been done for had Belpatha not arrived in a nick of time. She swooped down, shielding Ugobaldo from a treacherous bolt, and it bounced off her wing.”
“Her wing?” Luma exclaimed.
“Belpatha created an illusion that she had a wing, and when Thrake saw the bolt screaming toward his skull, he dashed off. He tripped on a rock, cutting himself very badly.”
“Did he die?”
“Not then, but Belpatha was able to rescue Ugobaldo and me. We took our boat back and had to brave the storms without a bit of magic. We had spent all our strength, and Belpatha wouldn’t use hers. She was teaching us a lesson.”
“So you really should never underestimate your enemy,” Luma said.
“And never overestimate yourself,” Glanzing trumpeted.

***

Luma was still full of questions, and Glanzing’s head spun from having to answer so many in rapid succession, plus stay alert for any threats. She also wanted to know more about her grandfather and how he eventually died. Glanzing apologized for not knowing but assured his acolyte that she would one day learn the truth
Vigo insinuated himself between the mentor and acolyte, and the discussion stopped. Having the dwarf along was like having a third wheel on a rickety wagon, yet somehow he did add value to their quest. He had another set of eyes, an ax, and a willingness to explore.
They headed further south into new terrain, more wild grass, and pesky nettles. Every so often, they had to swat a fruit fly or a mosquito. Vigo got a big kick out of squashing them with a big clap of hands. It wasn’t nearly the same as smiting a goblin or slaying a dragon, but how would he know the difference, anyway. Still, it did keep him on his toes.
A barren plane led to rolling hills and then a rocky expanse. An outcrop of moss-strewn rocks led them into the Valley of Boge, where a small settlement appeared. Glanzing knew that they were getting close. Bleeth would only be another half a day or so. The changing landscape, and the tingle of the seaside in his bones, told him so.
Chapter Thirteen The Boat to Pōg 
The smell of the sea was a great wallop, and the docks were abuzz with crewmen and packages. Tall ships with triangular sails lined the harbor. Vigo watched a trawler unload a net of fresh catch. Always hungry, he licked his lips and groped for a bite, but the fishermen were too fast for him and scurried down the dock.
Most ships were sailing east. To Zisk, Slander, Torlevy, some even as far north as Wyg, few were heading west from this port, even though it was a shorter ride. There was one smaller boat going toward the Islands, although it was not stopping at Pōg but rather at the nearby Isle of Poth. They didn’t have much choice. Poth would get them close to their destination, so they boarded the Gray Eel bound for Poth.
The crewmen unwrapped their sails. A tall, gangly boy poured some tar in big glops onto a damaged plank of the prow, spreading it out evenly. The pungent smell made Luma’s nostrils twitch. The other sailors heaved cargo: barrels, crates, and various-sized cartons. The Gray Eel was not meant to be a passengers’ vessel, and the accommodations were cramped. Glanzing paid the captain seven bronze coins for the three of them. The crew regarded them as little more than pesky cargo. Vigo almost polished off the entire bag of Cramina’s delicious bulgas before the ship sailed. Luma huddled close to the stern with her head down. She was beginning to feel queasy.
As they sailed the choppy islet of Deebon, the spray of seafoam woke Vigo from his nap. Glanzing pondered to himself and occasionally paced on the deck. A spool of anxiousness spun through him as they landed in Poth. Another gangly boy tossed the anchor while a ruddy sailor dropped the plank.
The three voyagers ambled into town. Glanzing told his companions not to get cozy since they needed to make it to Pōg before nightfall, which by the setting sun, seemed almost doubtful.
A clutch of hawkers, selling wares, approached them. Glanzing shooed them, except for a fishmonger, who had cones of fresh snails. They slugged back two cones each before searching for a boat. Pōg wasn’t far, but you needed a boat to get there unless you could morph into a gull or a dolphin. The mystical island was almost visible from the pier.
They had a hard time finding anybody willing to take them. Most of the seafarers were done for the day and were staying at the Inn. The Inn was their best chance to find somebody to take them. The pub was bustling with many rowdy sailors drinking and card-playing. Not exactly the Mancala crowd. Glanzing didn’t like the idea of dragging his acolyte into such a place, but the pickings were slim.
He found a table away from the hullabaloo and grabbed three ciders to refresh themselves. A scraggly man stared at them. He was shabbily dressed and reeked of seaweed, his cheeks and chin sullied with dirt or sludge. Vigo moved away, and Glanzing drank his cider. When the barmaid came over, asking if they wanted another round, Glanzing declined. Then the scraggly fellow approached them and told Glanzing that he had a rowboat he would sell them.
“I’m afraid we will need a guide, as well,” Glanzing said.
The man considered this while he slugged back a big gulp of his drink, then wiped the dribble off his lips.
“I can take you across in my rowboat. Smallish, but solid. It will be snug, but it will do the trick.”
“How much?” Glanzing asked.
“Ten coins.”
“That's more than our trip from Bleeth.”
“It is late now. Getting darker. The choppy waters are dangerous at this hour. There are sharks.”
“And you will save us from sharks?”
“I know where they lurk, and I will steer clear of them.”
Glanzing dug around in his pocket. He fished out a single pego and offered it. The man gawked at the filthy coin and laughed at the ridiculous offer. The mage stared at the stranger and chanted a few words in a lilting tone. He kept repeating them until the scruffy man nodded almost hypnotically. Then he took the coin and agreed to the terms.
He led them out of the crowded Inn and over to the docks. The crunching sound of clamshells and scallops underfoot. His ride was a little way from the ships, and the trawlers flopped over in the dunes. They turned it over and were deeply disappointed. The boat was in lousy shape. The right gunwale and the oars looked like they had been gnawed on, to say nothing of the splintering transom.
Beggars couldn’t be choosers, though. They all helped carry it out to the pier and then set it down in the water. Luma and Vigo got in first. Glanzing and the guide pushed the boat out past the shoal, soaking the bottom of their pants. Then they jumped in and shoved off.
The night already crisp. Bats darted overhead. A glimpse of Pōg emerged in the distance as the stars spread across the sky, a half-crown, twinkling above the mighty island of wizards.
The guide oared with bold thrusts, and the rippling sea was as dark as the sky, almost impossible to distinguish where the two split along the horizon. A sweep of waves swilled under the keel, and the guide grinned at Glanzing.
“You must be a wizard.”
The Good Enchanter grunted, but Vigo confirmed the answer. Glanzing gave the dwarf a mean look.
“Wizards come and go to that island all the time, but they never reveal themselves.”
The man had a good laugh.
“Everybody knows Pōg is creeping and crawling with wizards.”
Glanzing said nothing until the rower made a sharp swerve, nearly tossing them from the boat. Glanzing clutched the side, the salty mist spraying his beard.
“You buffoon. Are you so hungry for attention, you need to capsize us?”
The rower narrowed his eyes and stared through the mage. He slacked his tug and said with proud ceremony, “I know my sea the way you know your charms. I didn't ask you to brighten the moon or tame the waves to make our trip smoother. Trust that I know my sea.”
A short while after, Luma and Vigo both exclaimed. “Look over there!”
Three fins pierced the skin of the sea where they had almost crossed. Had the rower not swerved, they would have, indeed, sailed into the sharks. As Luma eyed the receding fins, her stomach got queasy again. She tried to contain it, but the excitement, and the stir of the sea, unsettled her. She leaned over and vomited, then felt much better.
The rest of the way was much calmer. Glanzing tried to make small talk with the rower, but the man remained mute. Vigo was dozing off when they got to the shore. The rower remained seated, letting them climb out without assistance. Then he shoved off, and he was gone before they had a chance to look back as if he was a spirit in the night. There wasn't even a ripple or a trace of foam from the swinging oars.
Dark clouds swept by, and a bright crescent moon topped the tallest turret of the castle. Goatswallow Hills had an otherworldly aura about it, teeming with magic. It was both thick in spirits and feather-light. Luma felt as if she had wafted off the shore without setting foot on the sand. Her legs were not the least bit wet as she walked toward the moat-less castle. The drawbridge came down.
As Luma entered the castle, an odd sensation overcame her. She was in tune with every sound, and yet an oddly familiar voice came to her. She could not place where she’d heard it, although maybe it was pure enchantment, and it drew her forthwith. Glanzing noticed that Luma’s demeanor had completely changed. She was recharged, and the glint in her brown eyes had a peculiar image, glimmering in it. An amulet.
Chapter Fourteen Goatswallow Hills School of Wizardry
From the outside, Goatswallow Hills looked like a creepy, old castle with a dried-up moat. From the inside, it looked even creepier but somehow homier, too. Magic really worked its magic. Before they passed, the Doorkeeper made Glanzing share his truename, the prerequisite for gaining entry.
Even though the Doorkeeper knew what Glanzing looked like, every mage worth his and her sea salt was always extra cautious because a crafty shapeshifter could transpose himself or herself into an imposter. Only the real wizard knew his or her truename. Luma didn’t catch it, as Glanzing said his in a whisper.
Then the Doorkeeper turned to Luma, stared directly at her, and asked for her truename. She was utterly flummoxed. She tried to get Glanzing’s attention, but the mage had already passed through, and even if he hadn’t, he would not know the answer. Luma stalled, and the Doorkeeper made a glum face. The acolyte pinched the back of her hand with her thumbnail, an old childhood habit when she was scared. Luma felt like a small child now and didn’t have a clue as to how to proceed. Her mind went blank for a few seconds, and a deep chill filled her being.
Then a beam of light swept through her mind— something like a giant eye blinking, and when she gazed into its brilliant core, she saw the answer, and she proffered it in a calm, soft tone.
“Pelani.”
The Doorkeeper moved aside, letting the acolyte pass. She was stunned and relieved, but then the dwarf stepped forward, and her heart sank. But she had the answer almost immediately, and she leaned to the doorkeeper and whispered it into his ear. Then Vigo was permitted entrance.
The new pulse surged through Luma as she caught up with her mentor. Goatswallow Hills exceeded her expectations, yet at the same time, was nothing at all what she imagined. She still carried the knapsack with the tome inside, and she knew that Glanzing would not take it back from her because Belpatha already knew she had it.
Belpatha had known all along that Luma was carrying it, even before they got onto the shore, so there was no point for Glanzing to play it off as if she didn’t. There was little more left to be done than to hand it over and let Belpatha get to work on mending it back into viable shape.
“I’m getting a vibe,” Luma admitted. “She is already connecting with me.”
Glanzing absently nodded, preoccupied with the vast halls and towering ceilings. A brisk draft followed them as if a fourth member of their party. Vigo flinched at the sound of creaking steps. Glanzing walked onward, but Luma intervened, pointing up and leading them onto a winding stone staircase. Twenty-nine steps to the top. They passed a large painting of Pōg that, upon careful inspection, looked exactly like the image Luma gazed at when they first rowed ashore. She entered a small, dimly-lit room.
Belpatha passed a wordless greeting to Luma. The acolyte did the same. They both were flanked by two companions, but the communication was direct and without inflection. With little ceremony, Luma learned that, in 1487, Belpatha had slain the ferocious dragon, Potswally, off what was then considered the unmapped Isle of Gorp (recently renamed Gwilp). While she didn’t look a day over 600, she had a sharp way about her, and Luma felt Glanzing’s uneasiness. The other wizards, Nask and Harberk, were less edgy but still kept off balance by their superior. Luma wondered if Harberk was the same one whose castle they had visited.
Luma couldn’t hold back what Belpatha wanted to know about her, and it seemed that Belpatha was playing mind games with the acolyte— even testing her loyalty to Glanzing. Luma doubted Belpatha was conversant in 711 languages. She’d have to have elves in her family lineage to be that linguistically adroit. By Luma’s calculation, the Archmage was conversant in 548 languages, including Middle and Post Modern Dragon and Ancient Goatswallowian.
Belpatha offered a brief, tight-lipped smile, a rarity. Startled by some unbidden intrusion, Nask cleared his throat. With so much information pouring at Luma, she did her best to consume it. At times it felt like an inquisition. A most thorough examination of her analytic and telepathic abilities. She began to feel sorry for Glanzing because he was so out of his league, nothing more than a chaperone. Before this, when it was only the two of them, she didn’t even feel like his peer. Now, in these hallowed halls, a wellspring of magic flowed.
Belpatha broke the silence. “The acolyte must eclipse the mentor. One day she always does. Twas from the beginning. Shall be to the end and unto infinity.”
Harberk and Nask grumbled in accord at their acknowledgment of the sacred verse. Glanzing took a step back. His eyes were worn and sullen. His place in the room, superfluous, a sprig of garnish on a handsome plate of goose or a useless apple stuffed in a pig’s mouth.
“You must fulfill your duty, Good Enchanter,” Belpatha instructed.
“We all have our place and our parts to play,” Nask added.
“It is etched in our Creed,” Harberk reminded.
Luma stepped forward and brought the knapsack to the Archmage. The tribunal took a moment to engage in the formalities of proper introductions, although this seemed totally superfluous. Even Vigo, the youngest dwarf from the Venerable House of Popkins, was known to the archmages. Glanzing had heard of Nask but had never met him in person.
Luma was not, at all, surprised to learn that Harberk was indeed the very one whose castle they had visited. He seemed taller and less portly than she imagined. Glanzing shook his head, disappointed in himself, for not anticipating that Harberk would be there in Pōg. How much easier the exchange would’ve been had Harberk stayed in his castle and let Belpatha visit Fram.
Belpatha examined the book. When she completed her evaluation, the other two archmages conferred with her on how to proceed with the restoration.
“Now then, let us embark on our mission,” the Archmage declared.
“We really appreciated the opportunity,” Glanzing said. “I’m sure you will make it whole. We’ll leave you to conduct your business.”
“Our business is standing before us,” Belpatha said with much gravitas. “We have to make our decision promptly. The fate of Nebilon, and its outer lying realms, will greatly depend on it.”
“We were under the impression you would be able to restore it,” Glanzing said.
“The tome will be fine. That is no longer a concern. And besides, Nask knows a few hundred of the counterspells by memory. Putting the book back together will be a fun little project.” 
“This is outrageous. You mean to tell me, you had us deliver this book as an exercise. A test.”
“Mind your tone, Good Enchanter,” Nask warned. “It would behoove you to dial back your attitude and listen carefully to the Archmage.”
With scalding hot rage in his eyes, Glanzing stared at Nask, and it took about all his concentration to refrain from saying anything derogatory. He was no longer the mischievous miscreant and rogue he had once been. As a mentoring mage with an acolyte, he had responsibility. He could not storm off in a huff, the way he did, deserting the Molwats and the Bulgogi. He bit his tongue and let Belpatha speak.
“Consider the mission of The Ancient Book of Amazing But Almost Forgotten Charms is now complete. From your end. Now we have begun preparation for a most pressing matter, the quest to retrieve the Sacred Amulet of Respina.
We have already commenced our evaluation, but we need to deliberate further. Your services may be needed on this second quest. You will not have much time to settle in. While you may be under the impression that you have completed your task, your nascent quest has only begun.
The new mission will require greater dedication and a heightened focus. For that, we have a new addition, ready to join your party. If you are selected, then this new member will add great value to your team.
We must retrieve the Sacred Amulet of Respina that was stolen by the incorrigible Veldish. The amulet has great magic, and whoever possesses it becomes extremely powerful. Veldish’s enhanced potency makes him much more dangerous. He is heading east but has not, as of yet, declared his dominion over any one realm. It is likely he will keep moving, although he may want to lay claim to the Castle of Torlevy.”
Glanzing swore that he would keep his promise to train and guide his acolyte. Then the tribunal continued their discussion. Nask and Harberk seemed to be code-switching between different languages. It also appeared that they were trying to gain Belpatha’s approval. The Archmage refrained from voicing an opinion. Instead, she kept her eyes closed, steeped in a deep state of contemplation. When she opened them, she appraised the acolyte.
“By my estimate, she registers 1176 niloputs.”
“Impossible,” Nask retorted. “That figure is off the charts.”
“You are not doubting my calculations.”
“Certainly not, Archmage. But there must be some other explanation. How can it be that somebody so young and untrained can have so much magic in them?”
“Rather than be the harbinger of bad news, I will be the Harberk of alternative explanations. We seldom have the pleasure of evaluating Seers, and because of Luma’s esteemed lineage, it could very well be that the spirits of her ancestors are lending this surge to her.”
Belpatha gave her right-hand wizard the old stinkeye. “They wouldn’t dare pull a fast one like that on me. There is too much at stake and I would be inclined to besmirch the whole lot of them for as long as I see fit.”
“She is the one that Zeta saw in her crystal ball,” Nask said.
“So it seems,” Harberk replied, “But, is Luma truly the one?”
“1176 niloputs is hard to fathom,” Nask said. “But without training, who would have more?”
“That remains to be seen,” Harberk opined, scratching his beard.
“Meldor has known her since she was a child, and she comes from a distinguished line of wizards,” Glanzing finally spoke up. “And I am sure you are aware that I briefly served as an acolyte with her grandfather, Ugobaldo.”
“That may be so, but it doesn’t mean she is the one,” Harberk rebuked.
Belpatha nodded.
“Don’t let her legacy cloud your judgment,” Nask said. “You are fond of her. That is apparent. Remember, it was your overzealous compassion that nearly ruined you.”
Glanzing winced at this comment. A gloomy haze of some unbidden memory appeared to be nipping at him. He grew very agitated, shaking his fist. Not until Belpatha intervened did he cool off.
“Consider the consequences if we acted upon all of Zeta’s hunches,” Belpatha said.
“Zeta’s premonition is news to me,” Glanzing admitted. “But I should think this would add more credence to the likelihood of Luma being the one. Not to mention, your own calculation of her niloputs.”
“But she is not battle-tested. For such an important mission that will have an enormous impact and may be the deciding factor.”
“If we decide to take her on and send her out,” Nask said.
“Wait a minute,” Glanzing broke in. “What if you do not choose her? What next? Where do we go from here?”
“A good question, indeed,” Harberk said, curling his ponderous brows. “That we are even considering you to go off on another mission is a privilege. We are mostly interested in Luma, but it would be wise to keep an eye out for other promising acolytes. Always best to have a pipeline in the works.”
“How does that suit you, Glanzing?” Belpatha said. “Your former rival seems to be siding with you. We are all intrigued by this new prospect but must deliberate a bit longer. It would be quite a boon if we have stumbled upon our next great one though the odds seem terribly against it.”
Glanzing left the wizards to deliberate. He was glad he made his case for Luma but hoped the wizards would give her the chance she deserved.
Luma sensed Glanzing’s troubled mind but did not comfort him. She was so intrigued by what the wizards were discussing, their crisp words blooming with meaning. Belpatha’s thoughts were harder to crack. She had only given Luma a sliver before. The great wizard sealed her private thoughts, kept a tight, sphinxlike grin.
Outside, they waited for the tribunal to make their decision. Glanzing would certainly accept another call to duty and the chance to prove himself before the tribunal of archmages. He was proud to have summoned the courage to speak in favor of Luma, though he also knew at his advanced age and weakened condition, he would have a formidable challenge ahead.
On the other hand, if the tribunal spurned Zeta’s prophecy and chose another acolyte, then he would be off the hook. He would be permitted to retire to a sleepy village like Snupplebreeze and tend to an apple orchard or plant tomatoes. The bright and beautiful foliage all around him, crunching underfoot. Baskets full of crispy McIntosh apples.
Luma shuddered and startled both Glanzing and Vigo. 
“What is it?” Glanzing said, dropping his imaginary apple. 
“They have made their decision,” Luma said.
Glanzing froze. The foliage slowly disappeared, and the gray stone walls closed in on him. His thoughts unscrambled, and he had some trouble acclimating to his surroundings. He looked at his acolyte with renewed respect and growing fear. He couldn’t read her mind, but there was something substantial on the horizon. He remained quiet, watching Luma as she closed her eyes the rite of passage sacred. Either the wizards approved of Luma, permitting her continued apprenticeship, or they had gainsaid her admission and would begin a prolonged and rigorous search for a new acolyte.
Upon reentering the room, now candle-lit, a soft chant wafted in. The warbling awakened the senses more than it soothed. There was also a strange and beguiling fragrance pouring in from the center of the room. Whether or not it was emanating from the candles was completely conjecture. The flickering light beamed off their faces, and the shadows of the great wizards pitched forth. Luma genuflected with deference to the three masters before her as she had been admitted to their order. A new Pōgist. 
“Come forward Glanzing,” Belpatha beckoned. “Do not be alarmed.”
Glanzing stepped forward and began trembling. Luma found it quite jarring to witness a mage quiver before another. It unnerved Luma so much she decided to do something about it and focused her mind so intently on Glanzing’s wobbly staff that she stilled it.
Belpatha took notice of this and let her jaw slacken. Her stare deepening, while Luma became more perturbed, butterflies swirling in her belly. Belpatha almost appeared to want to test the acolyte. Her dour expression personified by her grim, taut lips and snarling brows sent a shudder through Luma’s bones. From the outside, Luma proffered a confident demeanor. She was relieved that Belpatha didn’t challenge her yet.
A long, lingering silence followed. The room grew drafty and cold, something unexpected unfurling.
“As we already mentioned, somebody else will be accompanying you on your journey,” Belpatha declared.
“Master Belpatha,” Glanzing said with deep reverence. “I have accepted my fully-ordained duty, but my resources are limited, even looking after one acolyte and the dwarf. If I must guard another acolyte, I fear that the mission might be compromised.”
“Good Enchanter, thank you for your candor. You will be happy to know that you will not be saddled with another student. A noble elf will be accompanying you. We have given this matter serious consideration, and this is the only way we see fit to stand our ground against this wicked force vying for our power. The Sacred Amulet of Respina belongs to her family.”
“I don’t want this burden,” Glanzing declared. “Look at me. I am no longer that ribald, young mage who seeks to thwart every barbarian and beast that crosses my path.”
“The burden is on all of us. You are not alone. You will meet the distinguished elf later on. She is of warrior ilk and great lineage. She bears a fine quiver and is an expert shot. More importantly, she has tremendous acumen and adeptness with magic. She will not be rivaling our acolyte but offering support when you come upon trying circumstances.”
Vigo grumbled at the mentioning of the elf.
“Do not stress yourself, noble dwarf,” Nask said. “This elf/warrior, too, hails from a noble lineage, like yourself. Her father once came to the aid of the House of Popkins and served with your father, King Virgil, to stave off the Spotted Viper of Fleen.”
Harberk added, “And besides, you are too young to be jaded like your brother, Vadim.”
Vigo considered all that was said.
“It will be something to write home about.”

***

After it had been settled, the archmages moved forward with their business. Glanzing and Vigo were relieved for the moment, and Harberk offered to show Luma around Goatswallow Hills. She would have preferred a tour from Belpatha, but the Archmage had something else to tend to, and this actually may have worked in Luma’s favor.
Harberk was quite different when apart from the archmages. He was more personable and less imposing. His calm way of speaking invited questions. Luma wanted to take advantage of Harberk’s knowledge, though he seldom answered directly, which forced Luma to gather her understanding through her inner sage. He never mentioned, which order he had been a part of before becoming a Pōgist, nor did he give any opinions about the other orders.
They passed a room where another acolyte was working with his mentor. The acolyte stared blankly at Luma and continued what seemed to be an exercise in spellweaving. Much as she was curious to see the result, Harberk led her onward. She wondered where the others were stationed, but Harberk was not taking her on a grand tour. She’d have to use her imagination to see how she stacked up to all the competition. She imagined Nask would’ve challenged her every chance he could. He seemed that kind of mage. Belpatha would probably have challenged her, too, but it would have come directly from her and not with another acolyte.
Before she had the chance to fully soak it up, the tour was over, and Harberk dropped her off by her room. He was already on his way before she could thank him. She planned to talk with him more when they had dinner that night. She had time to freshen up and rest. Glanzing and Vigo were across the hall, taking naps. Luma, however, was restless and still very curious about the castle. More so since Harberk had given her a taste.
She went exploring, examining helmets, chainmail, and shields. The wizards weren’t a warrior class, but many crowns had sought their charms and enchantment, and the greatest wizards had gone on to serve the greatest kings. Some had even gone on to become kings. Luma studied the crests on the shields, all the brilliant colors. Some of the armor had been battle-worn. She could tell things beyond the blows and piercings. Legends revealed themselves to her, especially the untold tales that never made it to the scrolls.
Now that her telepathic skills had become amplified, she wanted to learn more and prowled the halls like a walking sponge. Everything seemed intent on sharing with her. The walls especially seemed eager to talk to her, or more apt, those that had once passed the hallowed halls of Goatswallow Hills seemed keen on communicating with Luma. She was exploring the back hallway on the top floor when she noticed that a hatch to the middle tower was ajar. She climbed up the hanging ladder and found a young lady, not much older than her, perhaps a year or two at the most, peering through a telescope.
“Who goes there?” The young lady said.
“Pardon me,” Luma said. “Didn't mean to intrude.”
“Nobody creeps up on me, but you got pretty close before I realized. You must be the One.”
It was dusky out, but once she saw the pointy ears, she knew she’d met the noble elf.
“You must be Luma,” the other said.
“I’m sorry, but I don't know your name.”
“It’s Bree.”
Foolish as it was, Luma tried to read Bree’s mind, and when she did, a mental wall blocked her. Luma suspected a deep inner strength and courage, not unlike her own. They stared at each other as curiosities, but neither let their minds budge. Luma made the egregious mistake of hovering in the elf’s space for too long, and a sudden, unstoppable force thrust her backward. Luma stumbled, and it took some time to regain her footing. It was an innocent mistake, and she didn’t want to get off to a bad start.
Bree smiled, though it was the treacherous kind that let Luma know that not only was she aware of the error, but if provoked again, she would seek retribution. The acolyte backed down and would not press on. Luma recalled what Glanzing had told her about higher orders and respecting elders. It hadn’t dawned on her, at first, because Bree looked so young.
Elves were a higher order being, distinguished from humans, dwarves, mages, and centaurs. Glanzing had only touched on the subject briefly, but this encounter would be an invaluable lesson. The way a child learns not to grab a scalding pot barehanded on a stove. Luma wouldn’t pry into the noble elf’s brain. She would get to know her the regular way by talking with her.
Finally, Bree removed what looked like an ancient scroll, and judging from its musty smell, it very likely was.
“This is the map of the ancient world. My great, great grandfather seized it when he was on a journey with Nask to protect the good people of Balan’s Way from the Morelegs of Og.”
“The Morelegs of Og,” Luma said in astonishment. “I’ve heard of them from Vigo’s father, King Virgil.”
“Yes, the Morelegs were ruthless and invaded many lands. One of your relatives, Ugobaldo, also served with my father and Nask in those days.”
“Yes, Ugobaldo was my grandfather. How do you know so much?” Luma asked, waxing with marked interest.
“Well, as is the case for you, it is the family business,” Bree said. “I am the seventh generation to carry the torch.”
“Seems pretty awesome, but also a little stressful, too. What if you decided to do something else?”
“There is nothing else, as far as we are concerned. Are you not excited to hone your craft?”
“Yes, but I have so many questions. You seem so mature.”
“I am much older than I appear to be.”
“It seems like everybody else is. Vigo, too.”
“He’s just a boy.”
“Maybe in dwarf years, but he is older than me.”
“Don’t get hung up on that now. There is much you will need to learn.”
“I get the feeling that I am not exactly in control of my life.”
“Tell me who is?”
“That’s what I am trying to figure out.”
“No. I mean, who of us is really in control. It’s a rhetorical question. None of us. That’s who.”
“I find that very unsettling.”
“My people learned that the hard way. They always say the elves are the wisest, and most are, but it often takes us a couple of hundred years to gain the wisdom, and besides that, it wasn’t always the case.”
Bree stopped pontificating, and Luma turned when she thought she had heard something. She hoped it was the Archmage’s pet wugwump, but it turned out to be another hall ghost.
The mission seemed straightforward enough. If they returned the amulet to the Respina, then full power would be restored to Nebilon and the eastern realms. Then the inscrutable Veldish would have to slink off. How this would all come about was an altogether different matter? Belpatha and Bree had a long discussion before the voyagers embarked on the journey. Glanzing kept mostly to himself, and Vigo feasted on whatever delights he could get his hands on.
This permitted Luma the time she needed to explore the hallowed halls of Goatswallow Hills. Everywhere she roamed, it seemed somebody was following her. But whenever Luma turned, she was always alone. Spirits loomed. This was the only way to explain the endless feeling of company. Often as she tried, however, Luma was unable to get in touch with any ghosts or spirits. Not of her own volition, anyway. Although when she least expected it, she could see them, perhaps semblances of their personages from past lives or conflations of the past forms, slipping into the present world.
She wondered what Sheldon would make of the place. She was beginning to miss him and wondered how things had gone with him and his wife and if Sheldon had completed his urgent business. If he was already a pure ghost, he could check on her. Luma knew better than to mess with summoning.
Then another thought occurred to her. What had happened to the falcon-crested knight? He might very well be a spirit, too. She hadn’t had a vision of him in a while. She was thinking about him when she overheard a conversation. Belpatha and Bree were discussing something of interest, and Luma stayed hidden to listen in on them. This may have been risky on her part, but she relished the chance to learn more about the great wizard and her new travel companion, Bree.
“It’s more than the stolen Amulet that disturbs me,” Bree said.
“More trouble looms,” Belpatha agreed.
“I’m afraid so, though I’m not sure we are prepared for the new challenge.”
“Challenges are great, whether large or small. What appear to be small challenges often become greater ones.”
“Because they go undetected for longer,” Bree said.
“It appears that this is what is unraveling now,” Belpatha said.
“Tell me what you suspect,” Bree inquired.
“Nothing more than what you do.”
“So it very well seems to be so.”
“Yes.”
“How can we stop it?”
“First, seize back your Amulet,” Belpatha said. “It belongs to your people and already has disrupted too much. Things will fall back into place thereafter.”
“What of the acolyte?” Bree asked.
“You are not referring to Luma,” Belpatha said.
“No,” Bree said with much disdain. “The one that Veldish is grooming.”
This was startling news. Another acolyte. One from the dark side meant that, indeed, Veldish was getting more powerful. Luma wondered if Glanzing knew about this. She left in a hurry, careful with her movement so as not to give herself away.

***

Though it might bring unintended consequences, Luma felt compelled to share with her mentor what she overheard. She pulled him aside and told Glanzing that Veldish had brought on a new acolyte.
Glanzing was gobsmacked by this disturbing notion. With all that had been happening, he was only starting to process the thought of traveling with an elf. Now that he had to worry about the threat of another dark side mage, he was at a loss for words. Luma couldn’t take it back. She stood there, waiting for Glanzing to speak. He looked around to make sure they were alone.
“How did you come to find this out?”
“I overheard it,” Luma confessed.
“You were snooping.”
“No. It wasn’t like that at all. I was in the hall when I heard Belpatha talking with Bree. Earlier on, I made the mistake of trying to read Bree’s mind, and she blocked me out. I was curious and thought if she was talking freely with Belpatha, it would be okay.”
“I can’t believe my ears. And after I told you not to try such a stunt, you did it anyway.”
“I forgot about elves. She is so young I didn’t think of her as a noble being.”
“All elves are magic beings. They are all to be respected. This is too much for me to handle now.”
“Was I wrong to mention Veldish’s acolyte?”
“No. Maybe. I’m not sure.”
“I didn’t want to keep it from you since I found out.”
“I appreciate you telling me. Your loyalty is beyond reproach, but still, you shouldn’t have been snooping. Much ill has begotten from unwelcome ears. I need to brood over this. Let’s not discuss this anymore and, whatever you do, stay away from Bree and Belpatha.”
“What if they know that I know, and they ask me?”
“We’ll cross that drawbridge when we get to it. For now, let’s make sure we have everything together. We have a long and important quest ahead of us.”

***

Luma still had many questions. Her mind was racing, but she was determined not to get into any more trouble in Goatswallow Hills. For that reason, she limited her trips through the halls and spent most of her time in the library reading, but when she felt like she needed a better source, she’d grab a bite in the Great Hall. One thing she had come to learn was that mages had big appetites, and she was bound to meet them while they were snacking, no harm picking their brains while they dug into their burritos.
She was still very interested in the history of the place and the mages in particular. She couldn’t pass up the opportunity to learn more about the Powers of Pōg. Luma had already heard lots about finding the unique source of one’s inner strength and how to cull from the bright side of wizardry. She wanted to expand upon her knowledge and see if she could grab a few salient tips about how to set out on her first quest and what really were the best charms and enchantments she could arm herself with.
While she was about to get herself a bite to eat in the Great Hall, she noticed Harberk sitting by himself. She rushed over to his table and sat with him. She tried to pick up from their last conversation. This time the archmage was in a more loquacious mood, and his academic persona shined through. He was modest with regard to himself but happy to brag about the accomplishments of his peers. Harberk raved about Belpatha, and Luma sat with rapt attention. She was all ears.
She learned that centuries ago, Belpatha became gifted in mending. She could patch almost anything back together and achieved legendary stature when she sealed the splitting earth as it was crumbling apart during the most diabolic earthquake in 1605. She learned that the Isles of Pith, Pōg, Poth, and Boog had all once belonged to a larger landmass and that Malcolm the Magnificent was, generally speaking, overrated. She also learned more about Glanzing’s weatherworking ability and that Luma’s grandfather had withstood the spewing flames of a dragon.
Luma figured with Belpatha’s incredible mending skills, it would take no time to put the old tome back together. Harberk shrugged and said that, in an ideal world, that may be the case, but as far as he had seen, no such place existed. Because time and magical strength and each situation varied, it was impossible to duplicate precisely a spell, charm, or transformation.
With regards to mending, though, experience in mending was not enough to restore something to its original state. Often there was variation, albeit subtle ones that tossed in a monkey wrench when least expected. Harberk himself was quite gifted in mending and would be assisting Belpatha. Luma surmised Harberk was downplaying his talent and that he was probably the Master Mender all along, but he did not mention a thing about his particular prowess.
Luma was still having trouble understanding why she had such a high niloput count (now hovering above 1209 since they were constantly fluctuating). It was hard to grasp such an abstract concept when she didn’t even know the value of a single unit. Harberk did his best to fill in the blanks. Three and a half niloputs could lightly char a piece of toast, whereas a dozen could pluck half the needles off an average-sized cactus.
These metrics were not etched in stone as each mage had a different approach and understanding of enchantment. One hundred niloputs were good enough to bend the ears of a statue, while three hundred niloputs gave you a pretty good fireball. And it took roughly 700 to toss a cloud. After hitting the one thousand mark, things got really incremental. The judicious use of one’s magical strength was more important than showing off.
Most astonishing was that the Archmage Belpatha only had a 500 niloput reading at Luma’s age while Glanzing, by way of splendid contrast, clocked in at 754. It just went to show that you couldn’t take things for granted and that there was always room for improvement.
Magicspeak made Luma more anxious to delve into her art. She was about to ask Harberk his opinion on whether an acolyte should engage in borrowing as a learning activity since she had been reading up on it, but before she had the chance, he had already gotten up and left.
Chapter Fifteen Far Fetch
Bree held the map and pointed to the unmarked spot usually referred to as the unknown atoll. The first stop on their journey. There would, indeed, be many stops along the way. Nobody could be sure how many. Glanzing suggested between fifty to one hundred stops, but it could definitely be more. The next morning they were ready to leave the Isle of Pōg. The journey required they travel in the opposite direction by which they arrived further south. A different oarsman guided them, this one scraggier and more stoic, and he wore a nose ring. The arrangement more cramped, but the boat seemed in much better shape.
They sailed south with the wind at their backs. Vigo sat beside Luma, and they spoke with great enthusiasm about all the marvelous places and things they were likely to come across until Luma mentioned the giant Cyclopio. She had only heard tales about these towering, one-eyed giants rumored to inhabit the southern islands.
It was believed they had twice the strength of ogres and twice the cunning of octopi. This was one monster they could do without. The Sirens did interest Vigo, but Glanzing assured them that their beauty was much more trouble than it was worth. He’d passed by some in his youth and nearly met his ruin. According to the mage, there was always something more impressive and intriguing out there, and great discoveries tended to come in threes.
Indeed, they would come across many interesting things on their quest, but they needed to stay together and focus on their purpose, or else they might not make it back. Bree seemed pretty confident they would be alright. Her father had traveled many foreign realms and had instilled a love for adventure in Bree.
Bree enlightened them about her people and what the Amulet meant for generations of elves and the realms beyond Respina. Luma thought both Glanzing and Vigo were jealous of Bree. Her stories of elven lore were so engaging. Her storytelling voice was evocative and richer than Meldor’s tales. Even the oarsman couldn’t help himself with his constant grinning. The ride was choppy, and the guide left them off seemingly in the middle of nowhere. Neither Bree nor Glanzing knew where they had landed, certainly not Bili Bili nor the wispy isle of Vulch.
The compass arrow went haywire, spun back and forth. After a good deal of bafflement and map-reading, somebody or something connected with Luma. They touched down at the unknown atoll, a most peculiar, drab island even though Luma had learned its name. Far Fetch had no sand, no shells, no kelp, not a scampering crab, nor a splotch of jellyfish. No dunes. No swaying grass, nor peeping gulls.
The further they patrolled inland, it appeared as if the sea had vanished, swallowed up into nothingness. Not a trace of it behind. The sheer vacuity, the epitome of minimalism, nothing more than a blank canvass or the bottom drawer inside a pauper’s desk. A complete fabrication from a cruel-witted spellweaver.
Eventually, they came upon two giant hedges, sprouting up from the sand-less, soil-less ground. The voyagers eyed them with incredulity. After a period of deliberation, Glanzing took the first step in, Bree following closely behind with her bowstring drawn. Luma and Vigo brought up the rear. They followed the path. Two walls of unnaturally bright green curled off in the distance. To what end, they carried on for an indeterminate amount of time. Glanzing tapped the wall. It was solid. The lush green suggested vegetation, but the walls were nothing more than confines.
“This is such a strange place,” Glanzing said.
“Have we been swallowed up?” Vigo asked.
“It doesn’t appear so,” Glanzing said. “But it could be a trap.”
“I would say it’s a test,” Bree said. “Keep calm. We will find our way out.”
“How?” Luma inquired.
“We will search for clues,” Bree said.
The deeper they skulked, the darker the confines became. Luma tapped into her burgeoning magecraft, provided them with light until Glanzing snapped. It was another innocent mistake. Glanzing could have released magelight from his staff, but Luma seemed more eager now to test her magic.
“Be careful,” Glanzing warned. “We might be revealing ourselves to our foe.”
They kept their eyes peeled. Two focusing dead ahead, two guarding the rear, in case waylaid from behind. The walls seemed to be pressing in on them, but they steadied their gait and pushed on. When the eeriness had appeared to hit a crescendo, a vibration rippled throughout the confines.
Glanzing clutched his staff, his beard swaying with the rumble below their feet. The vibration grew stronger, and its clunking ensued. The lingering became more odious, spiteful. The echo, volleying off the walls, drew nearer.
When all of a sudden, a huge boulder came hurtling forward, spinning toward them. Vigo swung his ax. Bree showed more restraint but let her arrow slide further back, and Vigo flung his weapon, struck the boulder dead-on. His ax, shattering to bits. Bree fired off two shots past the boulder toward where she perceived the enemy stood.
The furious rock bumbled on. It was hopeless. They would be pummeled to a pulp. Glanzing grabbed Luma and dove to his right. Bree did the same with Vigo, and they fell off to the side, tumbling through an opening as the boulder whorled past their ears.
Luma lay on her back, her heart pounding, unable to catch her breath. A stroke of dumb luck permitted them to escape by the skin of their teeth. Luma peered over to make sure her companions were okay. Everybody seemed fine, if not a bit shook up, but this time they got by unscathed, a bruised ear, and a few scraped elbows. Nothing compared to what might have been.
After dusting themselves and peering into the dark maw of the tunnel, they decided to move on. As they roamed onward, it became clear they were trapped inside a maze. Glanzing and Bree both took turns, lighting the path, to allow Luma to tune into, whatever was out there. She stopped to listen.
“What is it?” Glanzing asked.
Luma scrunched her brows, focused intently. The path grew brighter, and a voice addressed them.
You are trespassing here! State your business.
“We mean no harm,” Luma said with veracity. “We are voyagers from far off.”
Seldom do we have intruders. You startled us.
“We are very sorry. We didn’t mean to.”
There is something you are hiding.
“Tread lightly,” Glanzing said in a hushed tone to Luma. Then he addressed the voice. “How should we trust you since you nearly crushed us?
We have been forced into hiding since the newfangled order has unfolded and imposed its malicious will. We are peaceful people small in population.
“You are maze-dwellers?” Glanzing asked.
Hardly. The maze was Webo’s idea to protect us from invasion.
“Who is Webo?” Bree asked.
Our leader. He needs to meet you now.
“We will gladly meet him, as long as you promise not to harm us,” Luma said.
A short while later, an impressive specimen stood before them. A blue ram-man with horns as sharp as saber blades curling on both sides of his head. He led them out of the boundless green maze and brought them into a windowless room. He said he would be back shortly, although that turned out to be a lie.
The wait seemed like forever. Apparently, they needed clearance in order to proceed into Webo’s wonderful hamlet. When the ram-man returned, he didn’t bring good news. He had nothing substantial to share, and it seemed to bother him as much as it bothered them. He apologized, but his hands were tied, so to speak, until the council completed their deliberation.
Glanzing was more irritated about being kept in the dark about the real cause of the delay than the delay itself. If they had these hiccups at each port, then they were never going to complete this critical mission. He was also getting peeved by Luma’s budding relationship with Bree. The elf’s presence greatly enhanced the combined strength of their party, but Glanzing didn’t know enough about her yet, to fully formulate his impression of her. It was quite obvious he was afraid to lose his only acolyte so soon.
They needed something to pass the time, keep their noggins nimble. Glanzing requested a game of Mancala, but the ram-man came back with a chess set. Luma was eager to learn and played a good game for a novice. Bree was clearly the best player and a whiz with her knights and rooks. She was deeply immersed in a heated match with Glanzing when the ram-man finally returned with permission to proceed. The blue ram-man held a golden chalice.
“Webo is waiting,” the ram-man said with pronounced apprehension. “We must move swiftly. I have brought you something to quench your thirst.”
Luma was about to accept the chalice when Glanzing raised a hand to keep her from having a drink.
“It could be drugged.”
“I don’t believe so,” Luma said. 
“Do you defy me in front of this complete stranger, who nearly pummeled us to death?” Glanzing admonished.
Bree came to Luma’s defense and sipped from the golden chalice. A few moments pased, and the elf’s pointy ears hardened, swirling into horns. She morphed into a blue creature, ram-elf.
“What is the meaning of this?” Glanzing exclaimed.
“It is only temporary,” the ram-man said with a trace of annoyance. “This guise is necessary, merely appeasement for Webo and his esteemed council. Come forth. We have dilly-dallied long enough. Webo is waiting for you.”
Glanzing was slow to take his drink from the chalice. His moxie tested, and it was hard enough, biting the bitter pill and going along with a new quest at the behest of the Archmage Belpatha. This was an altogether different matter goaded on by an uncanny ram-man and its mercurial master. The mage sniffed the strange air with rebellious élan. When he finally took the golden chalice and sipped from it, he became the lone, bearded, blue ram-wizard. Vigo followed next, and Luma went last.
Webo met the voyagers at the council chambers. His countenance stern and intimidating. He was most interested in Luma’s account of their journey. The acolyte explained the impetus behind their quest, and when she stumbled on a question, Bree jumped in to smooth things out and better explain the purpose of their voyage. Naturally, the elf took pride in explicating what her family’s amulet meant not just for Respina and Nebilon but for the greater good of all the realms.
Webo stared with great zeal and perhaps a bit of concern.
“If it is the land of Nebilon you are off to, then why have you come this way?” Webo asked, knitting his brows. “Surely, it would be better advised to go northeast to Nebilon. The realms of Bleeth and Steinben come to mind.”
Bree shared what knowledge she had, however, she spoke in a foreign tongue, and this seemed to bother Glanzing. Fortunately for her, Webo responded in their language.
“That would seem a reasonable path except for the fact that Veldish is moving swiftly along the eastern realms and seeking dominion. We’ve learned that the Gomians of Tepple have fallen under his spell, and we are prepared to set sail as far as the Elbianic Sea.”
Luma looked aghast at having learned this news. Webo was taken aback by this as well. He stared at Luma and made a twitch.
“Why then is your acolyte as surprised as I am?” Webo declared.
“A messenger from Tepple came to Respina, begging my father if the Elves could come to their aid. This is what first prompted me to go to Pōg. While I was there, I told Belpatha what had transpired. She already knew about the acolyte that Veldish had acquired. Belpatha also informed me of the one chosen by the Powers of Pōg. Belpatha asked me to wait for the new acolyte to arrive. And here she is.”
Webo still had trouble reconciling all this information, but when he fixed upon the image of the amulet, glimmering in Luma’s eyes, his tenseness melted away. He took some time to further deliberate with his council. After a heated discussion, Webo raised his voice to his advisors and closed the matter. He stood up, opened his arms, and welcomed the voyagers to spend the night in his glorious domain.
When they passed through the giant doors, the light was piercing. Vigo raised an elbow to block the blistering rays and the warmth of the sun. After they had some time to adjust to the light, there was no denying it Webo’s hamlet was a gorgeous place. A single pebble from his esplanade was more distinguished than the entire drab shore and green maze combined.
The cobblestone streets were filled with ivy-festooned dwellings and dozens of quaint shops. Not that Goatswallow Hills didn’t have its charm, but this was the epitome of luxury. When you counted up all the unpaved roads, swamps, and thicket-strewn woodlands that they had to plod through to make it here, they deserved to have one swanky night on a beautiful remote island.
The mage’s bitterness told a different story altogether. Luma sensed Glanzing wanted to move on as soon as possible, so she didn’t push the envelope. Mages didn’t go much for luxury. It wasn’t part of their ethos. They were brainy hobos, after all. Bree didn’t make a big deal.
Later on, she told Luma that her homeland, Respina, was a veritable paradise with vistas that the greatest artists longed to capture. Being world travelers, elves had myriad comparisons to make, so they were genuine cognoscenti. They blended in nicely with the other inhabitants. A bright orange butterfly landed on Luma’s open palm.
When they had time to settle, Bree pulled Luma aside to continue their chat. It was bound to happen, and Luma wanted them to be on good terms.
“I am not here to take your mentor’s place,” Bree said. “But you have to respect my wishes and Belpatha’s too. She is the Archmage of Pōg, and she can have a tremendous impact on your magical growth.”
“I realize that, and I thank you for sharing this with me.”
“A lot is being thrown at you right now, probably too much at once. But you have to understand that because so much is at stake and Belpatha has entrusted you on a mission that hundreds of seasoned mages would sacrifice a dozen years of spellweaving for, you are expected to rise to the challenge and grow in knowledge and talent. You are considered a prodigy.”
“When you say it like that, I cannot believe my ears. It all seems so extreme. Or crazy.”
“Well, get over it. Get over yourself. It’s how it is. I will say one thing. You need to be extra careful. I will not go into particulars, but there are some things you might learn that you shouldn’t, or rather that is too soon for you to learn right now. So please be on guard, and if you stumble upon something, don’t hesitate to come to me with questions. Just know that I might not give you all the answers. Not now, at least. Does that make any sense?”
“Yes, I believe it does.”
“Everybody has an agenda. Even I do. So does Glanzing, and of course, Belpatha. You must weigh your thoughts against what is being asked of you and then ask yourself, that is, ask your inner sage how you should proceed accordingly and determine for yourself what seems to be the right action in any given circumstance.”
“Be focused, be alert, and above all else, use my inner sage.”
“Yes. And I know it serves you well. You cannot always get hung up on your telepathy and scrying abilities. They are important too, but ultimately it’s the inner sage that will guide you to reach your potential.”
“I think you are a philosopher.”
“Thank you. As Elves, we learn this very young. We naturally live long lives because we are magical beings, but it is the shared wisdom passed down from our generations that is the key to our longevity. Without going into too much detail now, I would like to spend a little time with you each day trying to hone some of your skills.”
“I would greatly appreciate that.”
“It will be my pleasure. I would like to conduct it in a way that is complementary to what Glanzing is teaching you. I am not stepping on his toes if you get my drift.”
“I do.”
“Terrific. We will start tomorrow.”
Chapter Sixteen The Next Stop
Before departing from Webo’s fabulous hamlet, they were required to imbibe two elixirs to leave Far Fetch. Webo refused to take any chances. The first concoction allowed them all to morph back into their regular non-blue, horn-less selves, which was obviously necessary for them to continue on their quest. The second elixir brought them out of the whimsical hamlet and permitted them to bypass that nasty green maze and its bounding boulder so that they could stand on the sandless shore of Far Fetch and wait for a boat to take them to their next destination, presumably The Heel of Dunbar. The changeover was quite seamless and made the whole episode even more surreal, if that was even possible.
They ended up stopping at a tiny island called Goop, which was on the way to the Heel of Dunbar. A bunch of fishermen in pursuit of their bounty cast nets into the sun-flecked sea. Lobsters and plump crabs filled their traps. Some of the men even used primitive methods, spearing fish with homespun hooks or diving in after them.
Though its image had been glimmering in her eyes, Luma had her first vision of the Amulet. She saw it dangling before her and reached out to touch the brilliant jade stone. It faded quickly. Bree traded a meaningful look with the acolyte.
“You felt its presence, didn’t you?” Bree said.
“Yes. It was most beautiful. Silver necklace with a jade stone,” Luma said with a wan smile.
“Then you did see it,” Bree said with a bittersweet note. “It is not here, of course, but we are closer to it than we were in Far Fetch. Our physical proximity to it is not even what matters. That you have had the vision is of the utmost importance and that we can bring back order to the eastern realms.”
“Let us have ourselves some lunch,” Glanzing interrupted. “We will stay here for the night.”
They searched around for a good spot to camp. What a treat to have sand again, even though it would spill into their shoes, stockings, and get between their toes, making them itch all night. They camped out and ate some crabmeat and fish. Then Glanzing worked with Luma before Bree had the chance to horn in on his space. Luma had been tapping into her inner strength, and although Glanzing wasn’t gifted in scrying nor telepathy, he shared with Luma some of the important words he knew in the ancient language of wizardry.
“What does bansaroo mean?” Luma asked.
“It’s a rather complicated word,” Glanzing said. “It can be used for summoning something, or it can simply be used as an illusion.”
“When you utter the word, how does it know the difference?”
“That’s a very good question. When you utter the truename of something, then it will appear in its trueform.”
“But you have to know the truename first. Is that it?”
“That is right.”
Glanzing showed Luma a simple but useful illusion. Luma’s pronunciation wasn’t as sharp as Glanzing. So on her first try, a coffee mug appeared instead of a pair of shoes. She got it right on the second try, although hers was a pair of flip-flops.
“Now, I’d like a full basket of fruit. The real deal,” Luma said.
“That takes some time and a lot of energy.”
“You know the trueword,” Luma coaxed.
“I do.”
“Then, just say it.”
“It isn’t customary to bring it to light for no purpose other than showing off.”
“How will I get better if I don’t practice?”
“We are practicing. You must also be respectful of how you deploy your magic. The magecraft is an old and distinguished art. It isn’t a game to be used lightly or for curiosity’s sake.” 
“So am I only honing my skill at illusions for now?”
“For now, that is plenty to chew on.”
“What if you know the truename of some person? What happens if you utter that aloud?”
“You already had some experience with that, yes? When you entered the castle in Pōg.”
“What would have happened if I did not know my truename?”
“I think you know the answer.”
“But I didn’t at all. Not until the doorkeeper asked me for it.”
“Because it was with you all along. There had been no purpose for using it before. You will keep it with you and share it with nobody unless you return to the castle in Pōg.”
“So if I come by a person’s truename, for whatever reason, I should keep it to myself.” 
“Objects are very different than Beings. The fact that you are even pondering such a question now impresses me greatly. We do not have enough time to go into all the particulars about this, but let me just say that you must always be wary when you utter a truename. You needed to pass the doorkeeper, also to let Vigo in. But you would not mention it out of those circumstances. The ramifications of summoning can be very costly. If that Being comes forth, you must confront it. I’ve already said too much, and I am sorry for even doing so.” 

***

The next morning, they continued onward to the Heel of Dunbar, which was notorious for its wildlife and breathtaking vistas. Sometimes the wildlife took the voyagers’ breath away, permanently. Bree led the charge since she had a thorough lay of the land. She was the seventh generation of her elf ilk to set foot on its sandy shore.
Ah, the smell of the sea! It was quite a relief to see gulls pecking at crumbs and hermit crabs scampering about the sand. Far Fetch was an intriguing place, but it was better to leave it behind as an anomaly.
A cloudsplitter followed them as they loped through the swaying wild grass. The dunes led them to a windswept path. A few drops fell, and they hurried, searching for shelter. Few trees were in sight. They hugged the nearest one then played the waiting game. The mage was not in the mood for any weatherworking and decided to wait it out. Whatever storm was threatening blew off into the east toward Tepple.
They cut through the clearing, and when they entered a grove, they were met by a saber-tooth tiger, bearing a ferocious set of chompers. A gleam of light showed off its pearly white fangs. Vigo attacked, swinging his backup ax and making the tiger dodge, but his aggression only made it worse. The great cat grew agitated and leaped onto the dwarf, knocking him over like a stone.
Bree dipped into her quiver, notched an arrow into her bow. She loosed it, nailing a bullseye on the tiger’s rump. She growled at the new attacker. Bree held her ground, for she had fought many mighty beasts, but this situation was nothing short of precarious. Vigo sprawled out like a log. One wrong move, and he’d be pushing up daisies. They couldn’t risk having him mauled.
Glanzing had a solution. The time had come to call upon his reserve beast. He had one left for such an event, and if ever there was a time to set it loose, now was the moment. The mage said bansaroo. Then out of a cloud of magic dust emerged a brown bear. Its fierce eyes fixed on its enemy and tromped over to it. The saber-tooth tiger had forgotten all about the puny dwarf. She growled at the bear, and before long, the bitter rivals engaged in battle.
The onset of the bout had an element of ritual that required mimicry. Snarl mirroring snarl then rising haunches leading to scratching claws. First, the tiger made a jab, and then the brown bear made its move. They circled each other, making taunts until the tiger struck first, pouncing on the bear’s back. Glanzing retreated, admiring his handiwork. His spell-woven spawn, so spot-on that the tiger believed it was fighting a real brown bear instead of the mage’s imposter, perhaps, she was so hungry for a battle she would have fought with her own shadow if she could catch it.
The distraction permitted them to get away. Vigo held his backup ax high, wanting to get the last crack, but Luma grabbed his elbow and pulled him off. They soon crossed a narrow pass and were on their way again.
“Something about the illusion bugs me,” Luma said.
“You would have preferred another saber-tooth tiger or a griffin, perhaps?” Glanzing joshed.
“No. It’s not that. It just doesn’t seem fair to me, picking on the tiger’s weakness.”
“If I didn’t do it, then our friend Vigo would’ve been that cat’s lunch.”
“What would you have done differently?” Bree inquired.
“Wasn’t there a way to reason with her? I feel like I missed my chance. I’ve always had great relationships with my animals back home. They listened to me, and I had plenty of occasions to break up fights between chickens and goats.”
“Farm animals are not the same as wild ones,” Bree said.
“I would’ve liked the chance to prove myself.”
“You might consider it the next time, but be warned you must always be prepared for contingencies when they arise, and they almost always do.”
“For the record,” Glanzing said. “I only had one bear left. If that didn’t do the trick, we would’ve been forced to fight the tiger ourselves.”
Luma realized she had broached a sensitive topic. No need to keep pushing the hypotheticals since they had passed the test. The best thing to do was move on, both from the argument and the area. They walked through a dry field littered with shells of corn husks. A raven, perched on a rickety, old fence, eyed Vigo. They crossed many desolate, rough-hewn roads and rocky patches till they made it to a stretch of dunes.
By sundown, a strong whiff of the sea welcomed them while a gust tossed sand into their eyes. The harbor was teeming with shipbuilders and sailors. Luma watched an assembly line of spritely-built, bronzed men loading cargo onto an outgoing vessel. Another clutch of young men rolled up a giant sail then hauled it to the pier and onto a tall ship.
More populous than the last port, Grinny had two bustling inns catering to fishermen and room for a few more guests. It would’ve been a cinch to spend the night, but Glanzing was eager to keep going, and so was Bree, who had slipped back into a quiet mood, and though Luma had many questions for the elf, this time she let her be.
Over by the dock, they found a boat to take them to their destination. It was larger than the last one, and the trip itself less bumpy. While Luma rested, she imagined the archmages piecing back together the ancient book of counterspells. She’d fallen into such deep consternation she could see Belpatha, thumbing through sturdy leaves of parchment with a solid cover, although well-worn, was in fine shape.
Something suggested this was no mere fancy but rather the actual restoration coming into fruition. Luma even saw the Archmage winking at her. Luma winked back, and then Belpatha faded from her mind. She peered at the stars, glittering across the obsidian sky, wondering what was in store for them.
Early morning they arrived at the Heel of Dunbar. A bright white lighthouse stood sentry over the jetty. A studious clump of rocks pitched into the bay, and a few slivers of kelp floated out like the tentacles of a baby octopus. With rueful eyes, Luma watched the sailor drop anchor. She was beginning to enjoy seafaring.
They got off and plodded into town. While they had their repast, Glanzing and Bree looked over the map and discussed their route to Tepple.
“It seems to me,” Glanzing said. “We could make a shortcut here and make up some lost time. We’re a stronger unit since you joined us. Why not use that to our advantage?”
“I disagree,” Bree said. “It’s not a matter of racing through each port, or have you forgotten our purpose? We need to explore more of the eastern realms to see what Veldish’s dark magic has done to have a better understanding of what we will be facing.”
“Are you afraid?” the dwarf said, grinning at the elf.
“You are nothing like your brothers,” Bree ribbed.
 “Thank you.”
“It is not a compliment. I am pointing out that you could learn from them, especially Vadim.”
“I don’t know anybody more inclined to battle than him.”
“While that may be so, he is wise enough when to choose his battles and when to move along stealthily.”
“Are you calling him a coward?”
“Not at all.”
“Enough of this,” Glanzing groaned in frustration. “Let us return to our subject. I don’t want this to become a wild goose chase. Just how far east do you intend to go before turning back to Nebilon?”
“I cannot say for sure, but I would like to get some more clues as to what Veldish has been up to and what damage he has done.”
“You are sure it is nothing else?”
“I will not pretend that I am not concerned about Nebilon, but let’s face it. He is not standing by idly. Who is to say that he won’t try and conquer as many realms as he desires. We will eventually have to face him head-on, and when we do, we have to be stronger and ready to take on whatever may come our way.
“I see your point.”
“We also must be careful. There may be spies out there still looking for the old book, and we no longer have it on us. No access to those counterspells.”
Chapter Seventeen Secret Society
A pit always turned up when you least expected it. When your guard was down or when your head was stuck in the clouds, pondering something clever. Also, when a juicy bowl of strawberries popped up from out of nowhere.
She never should’ve reached for it, no matter how yummy those bright red drupelets looked, glistening in the sun. A bowl of strawberries had no business sitting on a grassy patch in the middle of nowhere. Somebody with an unsavory agenda must have put it there, or else, some fruit-loving fool must have accidentally stepped into the pit dug out by the unsavory person with an agenda.
This kind of logic had been nipping at them since they left Far Fetch because it was hard for them to fathom that bizarre place. Also, they may have been a little woozy as an aftereffect of those two elixirs. Vigo still had been nursing the burps and hiccups.
Nonetheless, Luma picked up her bright red bounty. To her mind, it shouldn’t go to waste. Then came the fall, which was a real doozy, but because Luma was so agile, she managed to land like a Lynx— didn’t hurt herself in the least. When she was down by herself in the pit, the strawberries looked even more scrumptious, and she had time to kill, so naturally, she indulged.
The pit was roughly twenty feet down, and Luma had three hopes for escape. The trouble was none of those three hopes had a rope or a grappling hook among them to pull her out, and Glanzing already wasted a spell that produced a fancy throw pillow. Vigo dared the mage to keep going until he made thirty-five or more throw pillows to stack on top of each other so that each of them could cushion their fall on the way down to rescue Luma and then use the same pile as a makeshift ladder to climb out. It was a kooky idea that would waste not only time but magic-making resources. Glanzing made a mental note not to ask the dwarf for any more bright ideas.
Bree was ready to jump in after her friend when Luma caught a glimpse of a real ladder embedded in the side of the wall. She also noticed another passageway at the bottom. Both Glanzing and Bree were adamant about not letting Luma go through it by herself, but Luma ignored them and followed her inner sage. She was gone for a good ten minutes before Bree finally went down. Eventually, Glanzing and Vigo followed. The pit seemed to be dug up by somebody who needed an escape hatch. But by who?
They caught up to Luma in a narrow, dimly lit chamber. She had no intention of coming out, so they had to keep following her. A few turns and a short stint climbing through an even more narrow passage, in which Vigo got the hiccups, and they arrived in what appeared to be a large temple, decorated with bronze statues. For a long crawl through the dark tunnels of dirt, somebody had gone through an awful lot of trouble to build a ceremonial place for their gods or distinguished warriors. The statues depicted hybrid beings: bird-men, bull-men, and bear-men. Glanzing winced at the main statue, a bull-man wielding a longsword.
He’d only recently escaped the ram-man, Webo’s kooky domain, and now here he was galumphing into a bull-man’s realm. This was too much. Though he’d never actually encountered one of them, he never really believed they existed. It had been a contentious debate by well-traveled mages who claimed to have slain them on their junkets through outer realms. Many times he’d heard Daimjee and other Molwats bragging about their battles with bull-men though none had ever brought back the severed horns as proof.
“Have you ever crossed one?” Glanzing asked Bree.
“No, I have not,” Bree said. “But my father had encountered one when he was crossing the Peebish Sea. They are said to be strong and proud but not aggressors. We are intruding on their space; I think we should leave.”
“But what about those strawberries?” Luma asked.
“What about them?” Bree replied.
“It seems like they were left there because they wanted us to come inside.”
“I regard it as very strange, perhaps a way to lure an unsuspecting person.”
“Maybe it was a prank,” Vigo said. “Godin and I do it all the time.” 
“We have come so far. I think we should, at least, see what is here.”
They didn’t have a chance to finish their debate before a bird-man entered the room.
“We were expecting you,” the bird-man said.
“You were really expecting us or anybody to pass by?” Glanzing said.
“Why you, of course?” the bird-man insisted. “How did you like the strawberries?”
“Delicious!” Luma exclaimed.
“If you’ll pardon my skepticism,” Bree said. “Who exactly is expecting us, and how did this come to be?”
“We have contact with Webo. I believe you had the chance to meet him in Far Fetch.”
“We did,” Bree said.
“Good. Then I will make the arrangements for you to speak with Ambok. He is the lord of this manor.”
If Glanzing was skeptical before, now he was practically fuming. There was no way he would loaf around underground while having another council of yoyos decide whether or not they could proceed. He had already dug in his heels and told his acolyte that he was leaving. Luma looked mortified by this. After a deep breath, she composed herself. She then shared a few words with her mentor. She had no idea what she even said, but somehow whatever she did say had subsequently eased his concern. Bree concurred that they would be alright, and the bird-man assured them they would not be waiting at all. He led them to the antechamber.
Behind a heavy door was a smaller, less ornate room with a burgundy carpet. A large desk piled with books was the centerpiece, and next to it, four chairs arranged in a semi-circle. The bird-man left in a hurry, and they were alone in the room. After a short while, the bookcase swiveled around, and the lord of the manor entered. He had a bull’s face and a sharp set of horns with an alabaster sheen that suggested regular polishing. He owned a powerful frame and wore a leather jerkin, accentuating his well-sculpted physique.
Ambok offered his guests a seat, but Glanzing remained standing, still evaluating the encounter.
“You take issue with my horns,” Ambok said.
“Don’t complain to me about it,” Glanzing retorted. “I want to know what we are doing here.”
“I like your frankness,” Ambok said. “With so many slithery sorcerers out there, we have isolated ourselves from their meddling.”
“Lucky for you. Of course, we cannot all live in an ivory tower.”
“Webo did say you were a pill. He was right.”
“Horned beasts must stick together.”
“That is insulting, and I will only let it slide because you are ignorant of our ways. Hopefully, this meeting will shed some light on myself and my people.”
“We would greatly appreciate that,” Bree said.
“It is quite a privilege to meet such a distinguished elf.”
“My father met some Bull-men when he was leading a contingent of elves across the Peebish Sea to Cor.”
“The Bull-men once flourished in that realm, but through wars and hard times, we found it necessary to move away, start over. Few of us have survived, and now I have brought us underground.”
“Are you looking for a connection to the central and eastern realms?” Luma asked.
“That is quite perceptive of you. And what do you go by?”
“I am Luma of Snupplebreeze.”
“The one that Webo had told me about. You are still rather humble for somebody with such boundless potential. The seer, the soothsayers have seen and spoken of.”
“My whole life has been in farming. Maybe that’s why I am the way I am.”
“You are a true steward of the land. In tune with it and its creatures. You radiate good vibes.”
“Thank you.”
“I have no magical capabilities whatsoever, but I have learned a lot about spellweavers and sorcerers and seen many mages in my time. I am very glad to make your acquaintance.”
“What can we do for you?” Luma added.
“There is a race called the Gomians, the lizard people. We had been friends with them for centuries. The Gomians have a magical nut that gives them short-term abilities with enchantment. Over the years, they had many bad crops. They’ve also had uprisings amongst their leadership. Since we went underground, we left our old ally behind. They used to trade with the people of Fulwego, but I am afraid something has happened between them. I have been worried about their welfare, as it seems their land may fall into the wrong hands.”
“That is certainly a cause for concern,” Bree said.
“It would be a great favor to us if you could pass by the Gomians and speak with Wamat and see if you can reinstate the trade cycle between them and the natives of Fulwego. He was always good to us. His nephew is another matter and may have fallen to the sway of Veldish.”
“We are not diplomats,” Glanzing said. “I do not see how we could salvage any trading relationship.”
“I realize this is asking a lot. I do not even ask this favor for myself, but for two of my allies. This actually could be an important step for you.”
“How so?” Glanzing asked.
“Each realm that Veldish or the Morelegs acquire builds their alliance. The dark mage has become more powerful and ruthless. Many villages wiped out.”
“We know. We have seen some of the disruptions along our journey.”
“Then this shouldn’t be such a burden for you since this will benefit us all.”
“Why aren’t you able to send a viceroy on your behalf?” Bree inquired. “Somebody familiar with the particulars of their trading.”
“I’m afraid that the matter has become much too delicate. Dangerous, in fact. We are not a warring people, as you may know. Despite our seemingly fearsome appearance, we are not well-equipped for fighting. It would be a great loss for me to lose my bird-man, Klem, should a warrior intercept him.”
“There comes a time when even the most academic enchanter becomes a battlemage,” Glanzing said.
“I see you have a penchant for bloodlust.”
“You have some gall, speaking to me that way.”
“I think we will need to discuss this amongst ourselves,” Bree said. “If that is alright?”
“Take your time. Though not too much. I will retire to my library and let you deliberate.”
With that, Ambok exited behind the swivel shelf. Glanzing passed by the desk and examined the sliding bookcase with his ear pressed to it to make sure nobody was eavesdropping on the other side. When he was satisfied, the party debated the merits and shortcomings of the proposition.
“You know where I stand on this,” Glanzing said. “Though I would like to hear more from the elf.”
Bree stood up as she addressed the mage. She had a demure expression and spoke with the utmost sincerity.
“I hope you all realize how much I appreciate your dedication to this mission. Glanzing, I know we have had our differences, but I respect your skeptical nature. It serves us well.”
“Glad you approve.”
“The sarcasm I could do without, but we are not perfect. Even I am with fault.”
“That’s something.”
“It seems we may be getting in over our heads, attempting to restore diplomatic relations with two adversaries, but some of what Ambok said rang true for me. We set out to the eastern realms to stop Veldish. We are already on our way to Tepple. Whether we are there as defenders of magic or as diplomats of goodwill, trying to bring peace and harmony back to the Gomians, I say we go forth swiftly. This serves the greater good. With the balance of power shifting as it has, and continues to do so, good alliances are becoming harder to form.”
“So even if that is the case, why should we go out of our way to seek union with the Gomians? More importantly, how does this favor for the Bull-men serve our purpose?”
“It’s clear you do not care for Ambok, and that is your prerogative. I ask, though, that you look to fulfill the greater good.”
“Which is alliance-building?”
“Yes.”
“I am still not convinced that the Gomians serve our purpose.”
“Let’s say that is the case, wouldn’t it be prudent to see what has become of them? They might have been swayed by Veldish? If they still have reasonable leaders among them, they might not be totally lost, and therefore would be a good ally.”
“That, I feel, is a long shot.”
“Who is willing to take that risk with me?”
“I will,” Vigo said proudly.
“If this betters our chances of getting back the amulet, then I am in too,” Luma said.
“You’ve got your wish,” Glanzing said with a hint of disgust. “I hope, for your sake, it is not too late.”
Ambok returned through his swivel shelf and was very happy to hear the news. He apologized for not having the appropriate accommodations for them to stay, but he did offer more refreshments. Bowls filled with strawberries, grapes, and cherries. A few large plates with some delightful cakes called piliks. He also had plenty of pitchers filled with sparkling water, and believe it or not, Glanzing’s favorite, root beer. They were well-fed before they left. When Ambok had a moment, he pulled Bree aside and told her how much he appreciated the effort they were making. He also warned her about the Gomian, Swali, who had been changing for quite some time. He was not to be trusted under any circumstances.
Chapter Eighteen Mulby Nut Trade Cycle
On the voyage to Tepple in pursuit of the Gomians, Bree gave Luma a history lesson, explaining the significance of the mulby nut and conch shell trading cycle that made the inhabitants of two tiny islands two of the greatest early civilizations. Luma was completely engrossed in the story, for she had never heard anything about it.
For thousands of years before lords and kings and even before chiefs and village strongmen imposed their wills, there existed an intricate system of exchange between the people of various lands. Tepple and Fulwego had traded conch shells and mulby nuts. The swift and continuous exchange welcomed by both lands. One island had plenty of shells, and the other had plenty of nuts to share. This exchange brought peace and stability for many generations. It did something else. While conch shells were abundant and nothing special in Tepple, they exuded mystical powers in Fulwego.
When the people of Tepple sometimes held the conch shells to their ears, they only heard the whirr of the ocean. In Fulwego, the stir of the sea was merely the beginning. Strange and beguiling voices brought premonitions.
Fulwego had mountains of mulby nuts. They had so many that the islanders grew sick of them, the flavor lost, but when the mulby nuts arrived in Tepple, even if the supply was small, the people of Tepple had visions and gained unexplained powers. Their strength soared, and they were able to live in harmony.
When trade between the two lands ceased, both suffered a great loss. Swali was a native of Tepple and belonged to one of the oldest tribes, the Gomians. Bree had only learned a little bit about him from Ambok. She probably should not have mentioned his name, but they needed to know he was somebody to watch.
Legends said the Gomians once swam the infinite seas, but when they made it to Tepple, they rested on dry land. They fell in love with this new paradise. They loved the sea but decided to live on land. Over time, their fins changed, and their sleek coats turned scaly. Gomians became more like lizards. Luma had a preconceived image of the Gomians, but they turned out nothing like the way she imagined.
When the party arrived in Tepple, they were not welcomed, nor attacked. The islanders kept a safe distance, and it took a few days for the Gomians to warm up to the intruders. Bree used a clever tactic that her great grandfather had passed down through her family. He had been an extensive voyager in a distant time when islanders, and people from far-off realms, had seldom, if ever, set eyes on other humans or elves.
Bree made a quick study of the Gomians: how they walked, ate, talked, and even how they basked in the sun. Elves had impeccable ears for language, but Bree didn’t give in so easily to her natural linguistic prowess. She kept a score of what the Gomians said to each other and paid even closer attention to their rituals, movements, and rules of engagement. Bree wanted to make sure her field observation supported her understanding of the Gomian way of life. It may have appeared easier to approach one of them sooner, but it would’ve put her into a permanent shunning scenario. She waited for one of them to come to her, and she impressed him by speaking in the Gomian tongue.
Bulu was curious to know why an elf had come to their remote island. He’d never met one before and said they hadn’t had a visit from an elf in centuries, which was probably true since whatever Bree had heard about the Gomians were stories from her grandfather and none from her father.
Gomians had a shorter lifespan than elves, and Bree listened intently to Bulu’s concerns. He told her that the exchange between his people and the islanders from Fulwego came to a halt. It baffled the islanders and disrupted the peace and order of its people. They had lost most of their mystical abilities, but Bulu would not go to Fulwego because the Fulwegians had insulted them.
Only a few months back, one of his cousins had made the customary journey of his people, sailing in a handmade boat that was little more than a raft. The trip took about a month since his cousin hadn’t prepared properly. Halfway to his destination, he had already run out of supplies. He was starving, thirsty, and nearly delirious by the time he made it to the shore. Some of the other Gomians gathered around to listen to Bulu’s story. Glanzing and Luma got behind them, and Bulu sat in the middle of the circle and spoke with lots of enthusiasm.
“Palms swept across the sand like an army of slaughtered men. Dry wreaths of seaweed and kelp tumbled past him. My cousin removed a string of it from his snout. He saw no sign of inhabitants and looked around for quite a while before he even heard something that remotely sounded like a squawk. Nothing scampered between the tall grasses.
Then he came upon the pit that had once served as the ceremonial exchange site. It was barren, not a sliver of mulby nut, not a shard of a conch shell. Stranger still, the site appeared to have been stomped out, perhaps trampled by human foot. Only a few waterlogged branches left behind. Not an ember lingered, nor a whiff of smoke.
A strange calm stirred as if a storm was brewing. At that hour, the natives should have been out fishing, but none were around, and this worried Swali. Then, a shadow fell on him, and when he turned, his eyes met the intruder. He asked where the natives were, but the stranger did not answer. He told Swali to follow him, and so our cousin did.
Swali was persistent because he wanted to understand why the island was so desolate, and the stranger finally told him that the natives had gone on a retreat. This didn’t sit well with Swali, but he followed the stranger because he believed he would eventually learn the truth. After a while, it became quite clear that this stranger knew all about our problems and that he could help us.
He refused to reveal his name, but little by little, he showed Swali how to weave magic back into Fulwego and Tepple. His exemplary magical abilities impressed Swali, and the stranger showed him more charms. They spent the next few days together, and during that time, Swali’s skills soared to new heights. Our cousin wanted to learn more, but the stranger told Swali to perfect what he had learned.
Then, on the fourth day, the stranger went back to the shore and waited by the breakers. With his eyes fixed on the sea, he called out. He stood watching the blur in the sky, and eventually, a flapping wing emerged. From there, it was hard to tell if it was a falcon or a hawk. As it got closer, Swali saw it and was in awe, for he saw a dragon swooping down. The enormous wings, thick as armor, deftly cut the air. Its massive body towered over them, its golden eyes piercing.
Swali looked away. Then the dragon let out a hideous squawk. When it landed, there was a massive thud and its talons slit the wet sand. The stranger climbed aboard his dragon and slapped its back. Swali asked if he could go along, and the dragonrider said no, but that he would return. Then he flew off, soaring across the sea.”
When Bulu had finished the story, the Gomians began chattering. Some seemed to be arguing over the details. Some even appeared to be retelling their own versions. Bree was amazed by this story. She pressed her flat hand to her breast, the Gomian gesture for expressing great shock and empathy, and Bulu returned the solemn gesture on his chest. Bree thought about what Ambok had told them in the library of his underground manor and how now it had become apparent that Ambok’s great fear had come into fruition.
Glanzing wanted to leave at once since it didn’t seem promising to stay there any longer. Bree begged to differ. She stated a compelling case for helping the Gomians, who she already began to like.
Then Bree finally got Bulu’s attention.
“Was that stranger Veldish?”
“He never did tell my cousin his name, but he did come and visit us here in Tepple.”
“What did he look like?”
“Tall and gaunt. A little like your mage. He had dark eyes. I only caught a glimpse. He did not speak directly to any of us, only to Swali. It was hard to take since we Gomians are so close. We do not take well to shunning. We are the ones who shut out others. Never before have I witnessed somebody coming to our island and treating us that way, but my cousin insisted he had everything under control, and the stranger was only trying to protect us. He was a very powerful sorcerer.”
“Did he arrive on your island on his dragon?”
“He did, and it was disturbing. Although, some were amazed by it and approached him. They pledged the sorcerer their fealty. That angered my cousin greatly, but he could not lash out. He had to stay calm and maintain a semblance of order. It was apparent to me that the sorcerer had a hold of him. The stranger didn’t stay long, but as promised, he brought magic. Many among us were very pleased. Although, not my Uncle Wamat. He was very skeptical and saw the stranger as a threat. He warned Swali never to invite the sorcerer back here.”
“How did your cousin react to this?”
“He was furious and began screaming at Uncle Wamat. I had to intervene, otherwise, they would have been at each other’s throats. After that, sides began forming. Some on my Uncle’s side and many backed Swali.”
“Where is your cousin now?”
“He has been away for quite some time, but he is supposed to be back soon.”
Bree and Glanzing had another discussion. This time Glanzing had a change of heart and agreed that it was in their best interest to wait for Swali’s return. They needed to get to the bottom of the matter and see if the Gomians would reconsider their trade cycle with the people of Fulwego. A healthy relationship between the longtime trading partners increased the stability along the Elbianic Sea.
They waited a couple of days to see if Swali would return. They had the chance to learn more about the Gomians. Some preferred the unmagical island, while others were grumpy and couldn’t wait for it to be restored.
Uncle Wamat was sick and really could have used a healer, but he had become embittered by his nephew’s meddling with the sorcerer. As far as Wamat was concerned, he didn’t want any more magic on the island. He was a stalwart leader of the Gomians, and he despised anybody lording over his people. Glanzing made a connection with Wamat. Apparently, Wamat had known Meldor and had been to Tepple a few times. He had even known Swali as an infant. Since Glanzing bonded with Wamat, he wasn’t in such a rush to get to the next stop. If anything, Bree should’ve been in a hurry to get back the amulet.
Glanzing played Mancala with Wamat. The Tepple style was much different than the Nebilonian version, but Glanzing played by the island rules. The two were in Wamat’s hut, immersed in a tiebreaking game when they were rudely interrupted.
“I go away for a short while, and you invite humans to your home?” the barger said.
Wamat stirred in his bed. His stern, lizard eyes fought hard to halt the tears his illness was causing him.
“I’m not a human,” Bree declared.
“Good for you. We’ve never had the pleasure of an elf visit.”
“That is not at all true,” Glanzing said, stealing the elf’s thunder.
Wamat wriggled himself upright to get a better view of his nephew and grit his teeth.
“No doubt you soared over here on your beast,” Wamat said with mounting bitterness. “My so-called nephew cares more about showing off and being adored than doing what’s right.”
“Planning to be bitter to the very end. You can’t bear to see me take charge.”
“You owe your uncle some respect,” Glanzing admonished.
“And who exactly are you?” the nephew said with a sneer.
“They are friends of Ambok, and they came by because they were concerned about us.”
“Friends of Ambok are no longer friends of ours.”
“Speak for yourself, nephew. The Bull-men have been allies of the Gomians since way before you were born. They broke mulby nuts with our ancestors and once lived among the people of Tepple.”
“Things change.”
“You don’t even know half about anything. This is Glanzing, who was the apprentice of my old friend Meldor. The mage brings his apprentice here today.”
 “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Bree. I come from the Noble Elves of Respina.”
“Now that’s a very curious detail,” the nephew said. “And who is this, your servant?”
“I’m not a servant. My name is Luma, and I come from the farm village Snupplebreeze.”
“I knew I smelled swine. It’s too crowded in here. I will come back later on to say my final farewell.”
“Make it now, nephew. There is nothing you can say that will leave us on good terms.”
“I think maybe we should go,” Vigo said.
“Listen to the dwarf. He’s probably the genius of his tribe.”
Vigo smiled briefly until he realized he was being ribbed. Then he took a bold step toward the Gomian.
“Watch it, dwarf,” Swali said. “I eat your kind for breakfast.”
“Let me at him,” Vigo said as both Glanzing and Bree blocked the feisty dwarf’s progress.
“I think you two have had enough,” Bree said. “We did not come here to agitate, but with genuine concern. I can honestly say that your attitude seems uncalled for and is terribly uncouth.”
“Oh, forgive me, noble elf. Where are my manners? I guess I left them on my dragon. Now Uncle. I give you one last chance to bring our island back to greatness.”
“How do you propose to do that?”
“By following our new friend’s lead,” Swali said.
“At what cost?” Wamat said. “And he is not our friend.” 
“Look at what has become of us. Do you want us all to perish?”
“That is nonsense. This is a mere ploy by that dark wizard to test our wills. He has done it before, and we have survived.”
“He is much stronger now and commands an impressive alliance.”
“You are blinded by his power and lust for it yourself. Do not fall to his whim.”
Swali said nothing, gritting his teeth, barely containing his wide grin. Wamat stared at his nephew with great disappointment.
“You did it already,” Wamat said. “You did not even seek my counsel.”
“I took charge while you let Tepple fall apart.”
“So weak, you are, my nephew. The true strength is within. Not from the mulby nuts, not from dark wizardry. I cannot believe what you have done. If your father had lived to see you betray us just so you could win back some magic, he would be ashamed.”
“You were always jealous of him, and now you are jealous of me. You cannot bear to think of how strong I will soon become.”
“Tread carefully, nephew, for you are trading your soul.”
Then a roar erupted crisp and sultry outside the hut. Parked on the sand stood a marvelous beast. A bronze-scaled dragon of formidable might. Swali parted his uncle’s hut with a curse, and Glanzing clenched his staff.
The Gomian raised a solid fist to a gaggle of his supporters, the symbol for battle. Peering through the slit of his hut, Wamat shook his head in dismay as his nephew mounted the dragon and flew off.
“I made a promise to his father that I would raise him as my own son. He was always rebellious and fought with me vehemently since he was a teenager. A chip on his shoulder. Truth is, I never got through to him.”
“You cannot blame yourself. It is very challenging raising a child. I was ornery when I was his age. It’s why I ran off. Luckily, I found a good mentor. Made all the difference in me, but it took a while.”
“A while, I’m afraid we do not have. I certainly do not.”
Chapter Nineteen Bol
It was too long a trip to go directly from Tepple to Fulwego, and also, the sea was much rougher the closer you got to Fulwego. They would need to make a few stops along the way. Everybody who made the voyage stopped at Bol, a craggy island reputed for its coral reeves. It wasn’t much, but it made a nice respite since straight sailing toward Fulwego would not only be ungainly, it would wear them down. The choppiness and the storms took a toll on any voyagers whether or not they could peel back the winds with their magemight. Along the way, they spotted stingrays and hammerheads. Out on the open sea, they discussed what they had learned, and given the circumstances, the best course of action. To get a fuller picture, they needed to speak with the natives of Fulwego.
As they headed north, the sun faded over the horizon. The waves churned, and salty air filled the night. Luma kept puzzling over things. Out on the hull, she spoke with Bree.
“If things got so bad between the Gomians and the natives of Fulwego, why didn’t either of them find new trade partners?”
Bree searched for a good response. It was complicated, and she chose her words carefully.
“It is not something that is easily remedied. I know that farmers sometimes take their corn and wheat to other towns and villages if they feel shortchanged, but it is different with tribes that have had longstanding arrangements. Breaking ties have repercussions.”
“So what you are saying is that they must remain exclusive trading partners?”
“In some cases, yes. With the Gomians and the natives of Fulwego that had been established long ago. Renouncing the agreement brought the rift.”
“I still do not see why they couldn’t also trade with the people from Bol or Zisk.”
“The people of Bol or Zisk may not have been interested. But let’s say they were, and they did trade with Tepple. Word gets out and strains relations anyway.”
“I think it’s more than just breaking the trading alliance. The lost magic is the real culprit.”
“It probably is. In any event, we will soon find out.”
“I’m curious to see if our magic will work better when we get to Bol.”
“Me too.”
Luma had a dream that night as she slept under the stars. In it, she saw Tyler sailing on her ship. They were both bound for the same island. They had so much to catch up on. She told him about the sphinx, the boulder that nearly crushed them in the green maze, and how they escaped the saber-toothed tiger.
Tyler had many good yarns to share as well. He’d stood under the splendorous waterfalls of Gwilp, wrestled with an octopus somewhere between Bili Bili and Vulch, and then had to hide inside a barrel to get away from pirates that attacked their ship as they sailed along the Peebish Sea. Tyler was unshaven and much tanner. He was starting to fill out and asked Luma if she missed home.
Then she broke from her sleep and was disappointed it was only a dream, and she retraced it carefully to see if it might be a vision, but she couldn’t find a single thread that would lead her to the mindsweep. It simply had to be a dream.
Early the next morning, they were greeted by a school of bluefish as they set anchor in Bol. A slight undertow tailed them to the shore. The lapping waves left behind thousands of tiny bubbles. The beach was smaller and rockier than Tepple. The inhabitants were human and seldom had visitors.
Glanzing took the lead, this time, and struck up a conversation with a fisherman. He decided to join the man who had an extra rod. The man had an empty bucket, and the mage spread a charm that tipped the odds in their favor, and soon they had a bucket full of fish. Instead of the man being grateful, he looked at the mage with cold, scornful eyes. Glanzing took the hint and carried on with his party.
No huts nearby, so they ambled through the dunes, passing a sparse grove of trees. Luma approached the next person, a young lady about her age and height who was busy making a canoe. She had a sharp, focused eye and whittled down the wood with great precision. Luma admired her craftsmanship. If she was a young islander on Bol, she pictured herself doing the same thing in her spare time.
Her name was Mowa, and her father was the chief. She told them that they had few resources except for lots of sun and sand. Mostly, they got by foraging and fishing. They were good with their hands. Mowa was proud of her work, though very modest. When she finished with the canoe, she invited Luma and her party to come back to her house.
Chief Mobar was talking with some men when they arrived at the house. Curious about Vigo, they stopped their discussion completely to come over. With widening eyes and quizzical expressions, they encircled the dwarf. Probably their first encounter. Vigo took it in good spirits. If he had any uneasiness about it, he did not show it.
“Welcome to our island,” Chief Mobar said. “Tell me, what brings you here?”
Vigo appeared taken aback. He wasn’t afraid but didn’t know how to take the lead in introductions. Glanzing implored the dwarf to take the initiative, so Vigo did.
“My name is Vigo Borgstrum. I am a noble dwarf from the House of Popkins. Son of King Virgil. My friends are Glanzing, the mage, Bree, the elf, and Luma, the acolyte from Snupplebreeze. We are on an important mission and have been on a voyage for a while now. We are heading to Fulwego.”
“Rarely, do we have visitors, although recently, we had a strange encounter.”
“What happened?”
“A dragon landed here on our shore. My daughter thought she was having a dream, but it was too frightful. She followed it and saw it hunting deer and warthogs. It left a scorched path.”
“Was it alone?” Glanzing inquired.
“My daughter said there seemed to be somebody or something with it. It was hard for her to tell, and she didn’t want to get too close.”
“And you are sure it was a dragon?”
“Mowa does not lie, and we cannot account for the grizzled carcasses left behind and the heap of ash.”
“It is very strange indeed, but we have had many strange encounters on our quest. We have a hunch we may have seen your dragon.”
Chief Mobar called over his daughter so that she could better explain what she had seen. Luma had already built a rapport with her, so they continued talking until Glanzing had to interrupt again, pressing for the vital details.
“What color did you say the dragon was?” Glanzing asked, knitting his brows.
“Red. It was definitely red. Like blood,” Mowa said.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I cannot get it out of my mind.”
“But you are sure it was not mixed with other shinier colors. Golden or maybe bronze?”
“Not at all. It was a very bright red.”
“And there was a rider too?”
“There was, but it was very difficult to see his face. He wore a gray hood.”
“Hmm. That is peculiar. Could you tell if the rider was human or another creature?”
“I am pretty sure it was human.”
“That is most troubling then,” Glanzing said with marked edginess.
“What does it mean?” Chief Mobar asked the mage.
“That it is not the dragon we had seen, and that means there are two dragonriders out there, which doesn’t bode well for us.”
Glanzing lost his appetite after this and paced about by himself. While the rest ate the bounty that the kindly Chief Mobar provided, Glanzing pondered the significance of the new information. Bree looked equally disturbed by Mowa’s insight. Eventually, she got up to join Glanzing. Their mission had gotten bolder.

***

While they hadn’t planned on stopping in Zisk, the island of giants, that changed after they learned about the new rider and his red dragon. Perhaps they were digging their own grave trailing after it, but there really was no other choice. Too much at stake. The island was mostly uninhabited, except for the feuding giants and this worried Bree because she thought Zisk once had native islanders.
They patrolled to see if there was anything unusual like scorched paths or filleted carcasses, evidence of a dragon. There was an overwhelming sense of emptiness such that life may have been fleeting or that there recently had been an exodus.
Glanzing had that impression, but Bree did not. Luma couldn’t make up her mind, though slowly she was getting back her visions. She caught a glimpse of something shiny, like beads bathed in sunlight. It became difficult to see as if the colors were crunching through a kaleidoscope, diamonds shimmering and spinning around. Were they rubies, diamonds, emeralds? They flashed by so quickly and kept morphing. She rubbed her eyes because they had begun to bother her.
When opened, she peered into the clouds to get some contrast. Off in the eastern sky, she saw a blip of red, fluttering. She fixed on it and was sure it was a wing, a blood-red dragon’s wing. She pointed up to it. Glanzing was slow to follow, off on a tangent, pondering deep thoughts. Luma shook his elbow to break his trance. When he peered off to where Luma gazed, he saw nothing but sky and clouds.
Bree did not see it either. Her elven eyes could make out the rising moon and traces of Corbilia, but no dragon wing. Luma was irked by this. Her inner sage told her it was no vision but the real wing of a dragon, and she saw it heading to Torlevy or Fulwego. She hated not being taken seriously. Glanzing tried to make light of the matter that the trip was getting to her. Luma stayed quiet, not wanting to argue over it any longer.
They went on to see where the giants roamed. To see if they were still there on Zisk. Glanzing babbled on regarding stories he had heard about the feud between Gralf and Roban, although he had never had the pleasure to see them fight. He seemed quite eager to add another notch to his magebelt, one that he’d be able to flaunt in Pimby’s face. His stories got Vigo riled up. The mage worried he had overdone it, and the dwarf might try to show his bravado and square off with a giant. He was prepared to part with a bag full of jerky to keep the dwarf at bay.
Zisk was a wizardless realm. Some said that this was because the stone giants lived there. That was not so. Giants did roam the realm, but they were hardly masters of the domain.
Far off as she was in Fulwego, Zeta’s power did reach its shores and mountains. She kept an eye on the island, although she seldom meddled in the giants’ skirmishes. Two warring clans had been embroiled in a long-held feud over the occupancy of the bison kill pit. There, hundreds of thousands of bones piled into a colossal mound. Sometimes the giants used the clubs to bash in the heads of their enemies, but mostly the pit was a trophy ground.
After the party had trudged along for a good trek, they came upon a disturbance. Gralf, the mightiest of the stone giants, waved his club at Roban, the fearless leader of the ogre giants. Their savage grunts sounded fierce, evoking great fear and echoed throughout Zisk. Gralf demanded that Roban back down and take his smelly ogres to the other end of the gully, but Roban refused. His ogres had dibs on the kill pit, perhaps longer than Gralf’s kin, though this could not be precisely ascertained because neither band of giants had the skill to read nor write, so neither had ever made any records that could prove who had first dibs.
They watched the battle ensue. Vigo was smitten with their clubs. He had a crazed look in his eye as if he wanted to steal one. Glanzing had to restrain the dwarf. Luma let out a big yawn. She didn’t see the point in being an audience for two pugilistic giants. What if the giants caught sight of them and decided to give chase?
To Luma, this whole thing seemed stupid. She was ready to move on and go to Torlevy and Fulwego, where she believed the dragonrider was headed. Bree picked up on her friend’s boredom and took the initiative to stimulate Luma’s brain by showing her ways to build and batter mental walls. They went off to the side to practice this. Luma picked up a few new tricks, but clearly, her mind was not fully invested this time. She also looked worn out.
Glanzing interrupted before Luma had a chance to grasp one of the critical concepts.
“Give me another thirty minutes to work this problem out,” Luma said.
“You’ve been at it long enough,” Glanzing said.
“I’m very close to making a breakthrough.”
“Well, you’ll have to pick up later. We must be well rested before we ship off tomorrow.”
“Being stuck here is a total drag. All you’re doing is watching giants bash in their skulls.”
“Some folks would pay good money to see this,” Glanzing said. “Besides, we might pick up clues.”
“Crummy island full of nothing.”
“I think that’s short-sighted,” Bree said. “You sound tired. We covered a lot today.”
“So now you’re siding with him?”
“Hold on now,” Bree retorted. “You’re getting a bratty tone, and I’m not sure where that’s coming from.”
“Youth,” Glanzing said rather snidely.
“I’m tired of being coddled. Neither of you gives me any credit. And you still don’t believe that I saw the red dragon.”
“Of course, we do,” Glanzing said. “It was probably from one of your visions.”
“It absolutely was not. I saw the wing.”
Glanzing took a deep breath. He didn’t seem to want to fluster his acolyte anymore. He peered into the distance and tried to appease her with a gentle, sage-like tone.
“Your bravery brought you to the underground manor and led us to Ambok. That is something to be very proud of.”
“You wouldn’t even listen to him because he was a Bull-man.”
“Luma, you are being obstinate,” Bree said. “What’s gotten into you?”
“I want to be left alone.”
This actually brought the mage and the elf together. Bound by the same purpose, they couldn’t let Luma fall apart. Too much riding on the acolyte’s rise to maturity. They let Luma crash because she really needed the extra rest, which meant that Bree and Glanzing would pick up the extra slack, taking turns doing the night watch.
Though she wouldn’t be able to discern her dreamscape from her scryscape, Luma slept peacefully that night as the powerful mage-hermit, Zeta, kept an eye on things in Zisk tucked away in her far-flung nook in the cloud-swathed hut above the Gulbus Mountains in Fulwego. Like Luma, she had little interest in the pugilism of giants, but she liked knowing what was going on in her surrounding realms. She didn’t meddle that night but passed along good vibes and a few choice words for the chosen acolyte. Ones that might help by the time she woke. She sipped her hot brog, waiting for Veldish to pounce on her land.
Chapter Twenty Torlevy
They were already committed and could not stop halfway even if Luma displayed signs of fatigue. She seemed a little better after she had some breakfast, but both the mage and the elf were concerned about her wellbeing.
As they got closer to Torlevy, they entered the Fata Morgana, which was disorienting and had been the demise of countless seamen. A fleet of unfortunate ships very well may have been buried at the bottom of the sea. The Fata Morgana kept playing tricks on them.
A castle sprung up out of nowhere, its main tower bursting through the choppy waters forced them to change course to avoid the collision. If it were a real castle, they never would have cleared it and surely would have punctured the hull, if not their skulls. Fortunately, Luma was aboard and properly advised them because she knew what they saw was nothing more than a mirage, what sailors had called the Fata Morgana.
Upon seeing the bizarre sighting, she perked up, a jolt of purpose came back strong. She calmed the crew and declared a directive, which they obeyed, sailing right through it, and to their amazement, they made it in one piece, slipping through the ghost castle’s elusive façade. It was no time for celebration, as the true challenge would be gaining entry into the real castle.
When they arrived, they braced themselves for the worst since it was already widely known that Torlevy had been sacked. They could very well have been marching to their doom, but that was the price they would have to pay. A critical mission never came cheap, and they needed that amulet. Though it had been suggested that either Veldish or the Morelegs of Og had usurped control over the domain, they did not know this for sure. Luma had her eyes peeled for the red dragon.
Toward the west, a procession marched toward the castle. Glanzing eyed it intently and made his party wait. He needed to contain Vigo, who was eager to move ahead. There were easily one-hundred men, marching toward the outer wall.
“We can’t just stay here forever,” Bree said.
“We need a better spot,” Luma offered. “Some more cover.”
“Somehow, they look familiar to me,” Glanzing said, scratching his chin. “Still, we cannot take a chance.”
“I see a better hiding spot over there,” said Bree, traipsing off to the side. She was the stealthiest of the bunch. When she had secured her post, she goaded her companions to follow. Luma and Vigo did, but Glanzing stayed back, watching the armored men entering the castle. Then he joined his party.
“We are not invited here,” Glanzing said. “This is going to be much more challenging than entering Harberk’s castle. We are outnumbered, and we are also out of our element.”
“But we do have our magic back,” Luma said.
“It would be nearly impossible to attempt to get in without it.”
“Do you think they have a doormaster?” Luma asked.
“This is not a mage’s castle, like Goatswallow Hills.”
“But we are not exactly sure who its lord is,” Bree said. “If it is Veldish, he most likely installed a doormaster. After all, he is a mage.”
“Hmm. I see your point. We obviously cannot share our truenames.”
“There may be another way,” Bree said.
Again Bree took the initiative and led them to the side of the castle. There was only one guard on the top turret, gazing off to the west. They passed the rampart without being detected and scooched over to a part of the outer wall that shielded them from the guard’s view. Bree had the exceptional ability to scale walls and might even consider doing it barehanded, but why the extra toil when she now had a rope with a grappling hook. A parting gift from Ambok.
The Torlevy Castle was impressive but had some kinks in its armor, the main one being part of its design. Some spots on the outer wall would permit an expert scaler, like Bree, the chance to make it over, assuming they could find that kindly nook. Of course, that person also had to be crazy enough to do it because there was also the distinct possibility of getting shot with a flaming arrow or brained by a mace.
“Are you sure you want to go through with this?” Luma asked.
“Without a doubt. But remember, you will all need to follow closely behind. We cannot get separated.”
When Bree was ready, she gave a sign. Then she tossed the rope, and when the grappling hook clamped onto the edge of the cornice, she tugged at the rope to make sure it locked in place. She pulled herself up, and Luma followed closely behind. Vigo was all forearms and torso. Glanzing went last. He needed to tuck his staff under his chin to make it up the wall, a rather cumbersome tug.
When they made it over, they had only breached the outer wall. Torlevy was one of those annoying old castles built much more like a clunky fortress and less of a ritzy palace to shove in the face of the peasants. As they prowled through the outer bailey, they bumped into one of the guards. Crummy as that seemed, it was the best possible scenario.
They had him outnumbered.
Glanzing dipped into his charm stash and turned the guard into a twerpy docent, making his crossbow vanish. Then he was only too happy to show them around. This posed another problem, mainly drawing undue attention. As their chatty docent guided them through the castle, he kept prattling on about all the historical minutia, which under the right circumstances, may have been quite interesting. Under the present situation, it made Glanzing super nervous.
He offered the guide a lozenge, which was really a sleeping pill. Turned out to be a nearly expired pill and only had a partial effect. Vigo and Luma took turns schlepping around the narcoleptic nincompoop, and when they finally had enough of dragging him, they dumped him into a broom closet.
With so many rooms in the castle, it might well have taken them a month to go through all of them, assuming they made it that long. Some voices were heard, so the party decided to go in the opposite direction down the hall. After a series of left turns, they ended up going downstairs. It was very dark, and it seemed they had made another blunder, but they weren’t about to backtrack yet.
“Hey,” somebody called out. “Over here.”
They had just gotten away from the voices upstairs, so it was quite fitting that they were finally caught. What were they thinking by sneaking into the Castle of Torlevy? Did they think they could just swoop inside, grab their amulet, assuming it was there, and run off into the sunset?
Luma was the first to go over. The person sounded in pain, and she wanted to see for herself. Glanzing followed behind, tilting his staff so the magelight spilled over the stairs. Down at the bottom of the dungeon was a man bound by manacles tethered to the wall. He was slumped over, sitting down by himself. When Luma got close enough, she saw something incredible, the falcon crest on the breastplate of his armor.
“Do I know you from somewhere?” the prisoner said.
“You’re the one!” Luma proclaimed. “From my dreams. No. That’s a terrible way of putting it. I mean, you have been in my visions. You see, I am gifted in telepathy and scrying.”
“You’re a witch!”
“Why does everybody keep saying that? I don’t like being pigeonholed.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it in a pejorative way. Witches are awesome! They’re the best healers and stopping rainstorms. I’ve known a few who brew a mean cauldron, all that stuff.”
“I’m going to let it slide because you’re the one we need to rescue, and you’ll probably help us immensely with our mission.”
“Hold on there. I’m already committed to a mission of my own. I can’t get bogged down with something else until I help King Alban win back this castle, but I also have some unfinished business in North Eld. I need to go back there.”
“I hate to state the obvious, but you’re not in any position to dictate orders. Where exactly do you think you’re going tied up to that wall?”
The prisoner made a feeble attempt to break free. Then he plopped back onto the cold, filthy floor.
“I’m a bit groggy. Been stuck down here since I don’t know how long.”
“That’s obvious.”
“You’re not going to make me go on your mission.”
“Nobody’s going to make you do anything.”
“But you won’t free me either unless I agree to it.”
“I have a feeling we are going on the same mission. I’m going on a limb here, but I’m assuming you are not on Veldish’s side.”
“That fiend. Of course not.”
“We’re trying to get back the amulet he stole from her family.”
“I know this is not the typical place you meet your average hero, but I think it’s about time we all make some introductions.”
“Well put,” the mage said, leaning over. “I’m Glanzing assuming the role as mage of the quest. Mentor to young Luma over here.”
“Luma, that’s it! I’ve heard your name before. You’re from Snupplebreeze.”
“How do you know that?”
“Tyler Husk. The boy from your farming village talked about you constantly. He was preparing to be a squire under me before we were waylaid by the Morelegs of Og.”
Luma was beside herself, so enthralled to know that her village crush was alive and well and vying to become a knight.
“So they did lay siege to this castle?”
“They did, but it looks like Veldish wrapped them in a spell. He’s built quite a motley crew for his coalition. Some other barbarians, too. Veldish is a piece of work.”
“So we’ve heard.”
“I will say this. Winning back this castle will go a long way, but is not the only way to defeat him.”
“We know. The amulet will bring back the balance of power,” Bree said.
“That I am unaware of, but I do know the Elves of Respina are on a secret mission. They have not engaged in battle in a long time.”
“That is my family you are speaking about,” Bree said. “I will not be fighting, but I am on the secret mission you have mentioned.”
“You are Bronwan’s daughter?”
“Indeed, I am.”
“Forgive me for my ill manners. As I said, it has been a harrowing experience. My name is Sir Gareth. I am one of the Knights of Kron.”
“We saw Sir Egron earlier in our quest. We did not have the chance to meet him, but he passed the village of Cobbler’s Creek, recruiting young men.”
“That might be around the time we split up. We were off to North Eld around that time. The last I saw Sir Egron.”
Bree came over to Sir Gareth. She held his bound hands and began to say a few words in the ancient elven verse. Five seconds later. Poof. The knight was set free. He looked on in disbelief, and then a big fat smile curled on his face.
“You did it! Let’s blow this popsicle stand.”
“So now you’re signing onto our mission.”
“I’ll help you look for the amulet, but I highly doubt it’s here. Veldish is not even here.”
“He’s not?”
“He was only here for a short while. He made sure I was bound here in the dungeon, but he fled on his dragon.”
“A red-winged dragon.”
“That’s the one.”
“Seems we’re always one step behind.”
“We’ll get him, but we’ve got a lot of ground to cover. Now that we’re safe and snug inside, we’ve got to figure a way to get out. We must go to Fulwego.”
“That’s really out of my way. I need to get back to the mainland.”
“That’s fine. As long as you can help us get out of this castle, we will be Even Steven.”
With that, Sir Gareth became part of the team for operation Castle Torlevy Breakout. They plotted a few scenarios until they hit pay dirt. They didn’t need the grappling hook for their breakout, but their meticulous attention to detail was paramount. They’d learned from Sir Gareth that there was no doorkeeper, so they decided to leave through the front.
It was almost a clean getaway until they bumped into a clutch of Morelegers. They had a five-on-five brawl, and frankly, Sir Gareth pulled more than his own weight. The dungeon master had been foolish enough to leave the knight’s sword by the corner, and when the mighty knight was reunited with his weapon, he put on quite a show. Luma marveled at his moves, agility, and strength. After polishing off four Morelegers, all by himself, it was Vigo who landed the decisive blow on the fifth. A real beaut— a smite to the noggin. Glanzing couldn’t help give the brave dwarf a prize for his bravery. He sprinkled some pixie birds over the slunken soldier’s dented helmet. Those vapory birds chirped a catchy tune.
The party didn’t dillydally and stormed out over the drawbridge and into the night. Nobody spotted them from up top, but the word would soon get out that they had escaped. The best way to play it was to go with the original plan. So they said their goodbyes and went on their separate ways in separate boats to fulfill their missions.
Chapter Twenty-One Fulwego
Luma was still beaming from the news Sir Gareth shared about Tyler, and she made the knight promise to tell Tyler about her quest. She was so glad to know her old friend was on his way to knighthood. Someday, at least. She wondered where exactly he might be and if Sir Gareth would catch up with him anytime soon. Of course, Tyler wouldn’t be in Fulwego, but that didn’t deter the acolyte from carrying on. Just knowing he was out there, pursuing his dream, gave her a new boost of enthusiasm. The pink glow of dawn pushed over the horizon. Onward to Fulwego, they sailed.
For the moment, they put their concern for Torlevy to rest, or rather, they let the onus of restoring its greatness fall on Sir Gareth’s broad shoulders. They had bigger fish to fry, still hadn’t solved the trade cycle problem between the Gomians and the Fulwegians. Figuring out what had happened on that other remote island might be the missing puzzle piece.
There could be no Fulwego without Tepple, and they had already set foot on the shores of Tepple, so they sailed on to Fulwego. Farthest northeast passed the islands of Slander, Zisk, and Torlevy was Fulwego. Its aquamarine water the rich source of many generations of mariner tales. More beautiful and beguiling than the Great Falls of Gwilp, more enchanting than the mermaids of Flett. Nearing the shoreline, the greenish flecks morphed into gray rocks, pink corals, hermit crab shells, swaying palms, flitting gulls, and scampering creatures of all kinds. In that way, the aquamarine water was like a great mirror or an enormous prism. It reflected all the life on the island, and some even believed it could foretell the future if you had the gift of belief but was nothing more than a hoax for the skeptic.
For centuries, the source of magic on the island was thought to be the savory mulby nuts once so plentiful that the natives were kind enough to share with their trading partners, the Gomians of Tepple. Although, the Gomians had an alternative theory. The natives of Tepple liked to take credit for the Fulwegian magic by saying that it came from their conch shells. The awful truth was that neither one of these theories was correct. The true magic of Fulwego had been bestowed upon it long before giants, men, and even elves had set foot on its shore. Long before any trade deals.
Somewhere in the Gulbus Mountain Range beyond the whirling winds that wafted in from the Elbianic Sea and not far from where the Pomon River met the dry banks of what once was the Belwatty Strait, a winding road led to the great, mage-hermit’s hut. Zeta sat ruminating over a steaming cup of brog, a fluffy calico curled up on her lap.
Only a few months had passed since she saw the premonition through her crystal ball. That’s when all the trouble began; so to speak. As her heavy-lidded eyes peered through the crystal ball, she saw with piercing alacrity the two acolytes: one from the bright side of wizardry and one from the dark side. One human. One Gomian.
Like Belpatha and Luma, Zeta’s talent was in myriad powers of the mind. She was quite adept at mindreading and scrying, but her special skill was in prophecy, and while she had many small premonitions every year, she had a whopper every century. Discovering the two acolytes was Zeta’s great prophecy. Various factors came into play, and archmages from the highest orders debated whether or not Zeta still had the skill. The trio of archmages from the Isle of Pōg still debated it after the voyagers sailed for Far Fetch.
Another hermit might consider it nepotism or sneaky seeing to shoehorn a family member into a prophecy. Not Zeta. She was one of a kind and saw what she saw. The moment she did, she holed herself up in her hut in even greater secrecy. Shrouded by clouds and veiled in full fog. She couldn’t take any chances. By definition, hermits shut themselves off from the rest of the world, but once Zeta made a prophecy, she made a more strenuous effort to shut herself off. Even a visit from a great-great-niece was not going to be allowed. No steaming hot pot of brog for two. Zeta had to take extra special precautions because Veldish did not take kindly to crystal ball readings that promised to foil his malicious plans.
She sat back in her rocker, raised her hut high above the Gulbus Mountain Range, and shrouded it behind the thickest cloud. After this, her part was done. They would one day sing about it in the Legends of Nebilon. Zeta waited for Veldish or his henchmen to demolish the island, and she wouldn’t lift a finger.
Then she saw another terrible occurrence. Something nasty, and she wanted to pass the image onto her great-great-niece, Luma, but that would be way too risky. Instead, she took out her wrath on the horsefly, flitting around her room. All that buzzing cut into her scrying. When she squashed the bug, she sank back and let the vision pour into her brain.
It was Glanzing and Luma tossed about by a tempest. She saw the Good Enchanter and Luma hanging onto his staff. Much as she wanted to help them fight the wicked storm, she couldn’t interfere. All of Zeta’s being was devoted to her hut and blocking the dark wizard’s desire to uncover the true knowledge of her premonition— the other acolyte. Zeta filled the cloud with her being and would remain in that state until Veldish had taken what he could from her island but left her be.
When Luma set foot on Fulwego, she felt a whorl, a wispy mental tug offering a glimpse into the hermit’s mind. It was not crystal clear, as most of her visions had been. This was intentionally mottled as if the dispenser wanted to remain clandestine. Luma could appreciate it, for what it was, if she could figure out what it was. But whoever sent it took a big risk. Trouble was looming.
They stopped to marvel at the pyramid. It popped up like a mirage or an illusion. It was an impressive structure but so oddly placed on this remote island, considering the inhabitants of Fulwego like the Gomians of Tepple lived in simple, grass-woven huts. Luma touched it to make sure it was real. It was solid and stunningly beautiful, a monument to advanced mathematics and engineering. She hadn’t the faintest idea how to enter it. Nor did the mage, nor the elf.
The native Fulwegians were hard to find, almost invisible. Not because of any magic. They just really dug being incognito. Traces of them was what they got. Bree had a challenge on her hands. She did not have the access she had with the Gomians. The few times she came across the islanders, she did not even seem to grasp their habits or gestures. She gathered nothing about their culture. They were more distant and discreet than the Gomians.
After a few days of essentially playing possum, they came out of hiding but stayed clear of the elf. They approached Glanzing, and the mage gloated. Didn’t miss a chance to rub it in Bree’s face. If the elf was bothered by this, she didn’t let on.
Glanzing spoke candidly with the Fulwego Chief. He’d built a fantastic rapport with him until he got onto the verboten subject of the mulby nut conch shell trade cycle.
“I cannot help you if you do not go back and recall what transpired between you and the Gomians,” Glanzing said.
“They gave us bad nuts,” the Chief said. “That’s what happened.”
“Do you truly believe that, or is it possible something else happened?”
“Like what?”
“Magic. Perhaps some type of malicious interference. Has there ever been an instance of lost magic?”
“There have been other fluctuations, attempts by scheming sorcerers.”
“As to be expected. Anyone, in particular, come to mind?”
“Now that you mention it, a strange wanderer had been this way not long ago.”
“A Gomian?”
“No. I would never refer to a Gomian as a wanderer. We know them all quite well. This wanderer had dark eyes and a gray cloak but wore something shimmering around his neck.”
“Like an amulet?” Bree said with shock.
Glanzing had to repeat Bree’s question because the Chief pretended he couldn’t understand the Elf. The chief continued addressing Glanzing and ignoring the Elf. So bothered by the chief’s smugness, Bree lost her cool, and Glanzing had to intervene to calm her down.
“Why do you keep excluding me?” Bree said, at last.
“I think you know very well.”
“I haven’t the faintest idea, and I would greatly appreciate knowing. This knowledge of the amulet is of the utmost importance to my people. To my family.”
“It is your family that slighted us.”
“How so? This is unknown to me.”
“Your father let us perish when Hemroth’s Warriors went on a rampage. Our people were annihilated, except for the one who now goes by Ambok.”
“We met him not long ago. He is the one who encouraged us to come this way.”
“Ambok was a coward and fled as we were being slaughtered by those barbarians. He is not welcome here, and neither are the Elves.”
“I understand your plight,” Glanzing said. “But you must see with this newfangled order usurping control, and the rise of Veldish, that it is imperative to do things in the interest of the just. We cannot let them take charge. It will ruin us all.”
“And how do we know that whoever else takes charge will have our best interest? Who is the so-called just?
“A very good question, indeed. You have a strong inner sage. Trust it. How does it respond to me?”
“You are a good enchanter. Even on this remote island, I have come to know many spell-weavers. I’ve seen the corrupt, the sneaks, the stinkbombs. I have been burned, and now I am very cautious.”
“That amulet you saw on the wanderer was stolen, and offers tremendous power to the one who possesses it.”
“This makes sense. During that visit, many strange things occurred, shortly after, he left. Then our magic was gone.”
“We are after that wanderer and believe he is heading toward Nebilon.”
“The filthy city. You must stop him.”
“It is our mission to do so. May I ask a favor?”
“What?”
“Resume your mulby nut conch shell exchange with the Gomians. But do not heed any of Swali’s whims. He has become a dragonlord. We believe he is under Veldish’s thumb.”
“Bite your tongue, enchanter. His family has been our closest ally.”
“We have seen Wamat, and he would attest to this. He has all but disowned his nephew.”
“If what you say is true, we Fulwegians are doomed.”
“Wamat is ill, as you know, but I do not believe that all of the Gomians will follow Swali.”
“I have to think this over. It is too unsettling.”
“Please consider it. We would feel much better knowing that you will stay on good terms with the Gomians.”
It seemed as if Veldish had gotten away from them again. It was no picnic chasing after an evil mage on a dragon. Talons down, he had the speed advantage. So there was really no way to outrace him. What they had to do was outsmart him, maybe by way of a trap. First, they had to get back to the mainland. All that sea breeze and tropical fruit were probably killing their initiative. Dealing with a fiend like Veldish, they were probably better off in the filth of the big cities of Nebilon.
Chapter Twenty-Two The Flood
Cor was the last island on their journey before they touched the mainland. The emerald green of the Elbianic Sea had become white-crested and foamier, the deeper blue of the Peebish Sea. They’d nearly made an about-face and were again across from the Heel of Dunbar and practically a stone’s throw from Far Fetch. The Isle of Pōg was getting closer, but they had already completed their business there. The archmages would not welcome them without the amulet.
Halfway to Cor, a storm hit, tossing them around like a bunch of rag dolls. The creaking planks ready to split at any moment. Glanzing mustered all his resources to dial back the rain and the wind. He began cursing at the magewinds, the ones he’d called upon to speed up their journey. The bitter irony that those same magewinds, like deadly boomerangs, had come back to haunt them. Bree stood on the prow, soaked to the bone, but didn’t budge and, Glanzing fought to steer the vessel to dry land.
The ship swerved on such a tilt it flooded the hull. The crew raced with buckets, scooping up then dumping water over the edge. This carried on all through the night, and by daybreak, the crew was drained. The mizzen sail was tattered, and Glanzing looked in worse shape than when he collapsed in front of Cramina’s cottage. This time Luma and Bree carried the mage off the ship.
Cor was devastated. So many toppled trees, it looked like a log cabin paradise. Pools of water filled practically every nook and cranny. The island almost morphed into an archipelago with all kinds of flotsam and jetsam swilling around. Vigo picked up a broken piece of eggshell, set it in his open palm. Its diamond shape, a stunning golden arrow. The ground was scattered with shells as if a few hatchlings had just popped out and begun scampering in their new realm. None in sight. A wide grin stretched across Vigo’s lips, and he turned to Luma. She wore a serious expression, cocked her ear.
“Shhh,” Luma said to Bree. “I think I hear something.”
“What?” Bree said.
“I’m not sure,” Luma said.
“Maybe it’s an emu or a pelican,” Glanzing said. “What’s that kooky bird we had at your feast?”
“It’s not a Golliwog,” Vigo said. “They are blue. I mean, their shells are.”
“What if it’s a piece of a dragon egg?” Luma said.
“None are from these parts,” Bree said.
“Are you sure?” Vigo asked.
“Of course, I’m sure,” Bree said.
“But its actual home doesn’t matter now. We know that they have been flying this way. We saw one in Tepple, and I saw the red dragon in Zisk. What if the two dragons mated?”
“Luma makes a good point,” Vigo said.
“That is a crazy notion. We cannot entertain that now.”
“Or maybe you don’t want to add to your complications. Depending on who gets a hold of that egg may be the next dragonrider.”
The notion made both Glanzing and Bree shudder. The acolyte was getting very wise. Too wise, too soon, perhaps for her own good. But the point was indisputable. If the rumors were true, that both Veldish and his acolyte were dragonriders, then that combined with his possession of the amulet made them extremely powerful. The Powers of Pōg would suffer a tremendous blow if a third dragon fell under Veldish’s sphere of influence.
Though it wasn’t completely cut and dry, it was worth considering, and the party had to sniff it out some more. There were plenty of benefits to having a dragon. It was the mightiest flying beast, and the rider who garnered its fealty would have a significant stash of strength. It was an armored army unto itself.
But it wasn’t all wine and roses. Assuming it was a dragon’s egg, there was an enormous amount of time and dedication to its rearing. A baby dragon wasn’t like an amulet or a tattered book that you could merely stuff into your knapsack. They were living, fire-breathing creatures. The fire-breathing alone caused a hullaballoo of problems and many dragon owners had been fileted in their sleep. Not to mention all the food it consumed. No snacks without sharing.
There was no easy way to keep it hidden, and it would keep growing. Anybody they came in contact with would soon know their secret. The other factor was building the bond with the dragon. There was no guarantee they would become kindred spirits. Without that unifying bond, the benefits were minimal at best.
The mage had taken a closer look at the shell and posited another hypothesis.
“It could be a wyvern,” Glanzing said. “They have been known to pass through the Heel of Dunbar.”
“What is a wyvern?” Luma inquired.
“They are small, two-legged dragons,” Glanzing said. “Not nearly big enough for dragonriding, unfortunately.”
“That’s only your opinion, though. I say, at least while we are here, it makes sense to see if one has hatched.”
They poked around a little bit more, but it seemed that they had let their imaginations run wild. Nothing turned up. As they walked on, the sun slunk lower in the sky until it swooped beneath the rolling hills. A dusty pink splashed across the horizon, like a giant radish skin. They camped beside a grassy knoll.
Vigo yanked off his boots and twiddled his toes; he kept yammering on about the broken shell in his pocket. The possibility that it had hatched from a dragon made him edgy. It could be lurking anywhere. Maybe the cicadas weren’t even the cicadas, but the humming of baby dragons, their teeny bellies gurgling and grumbling for dragonflies.
As they settled in, a rustling came from behind the bushes. It wasn’t a dragon or a wyvern; it was a wugwump. So much for the dragon hunt. A wugwump sighting was a shock, and they had not seen one in the wild since they were on their way to Harberk’s Castle. By most accounts, they had gone extinct, except for the one that Belpatha supposedly kept as a pet. Even that one was thought to have been made from a potion.
But now that they had seen yet another one, this could be a new dawn for the ancient creature. The wugwump let out a big yawn and padded over to Luma. This one was surprisingly cute and playful. Its giddy grin and soft strides suggested no harm. It rolled over on its back and kept snarfing. Luma couldn’t resist and gave its furry belly a scratch.
“We should keep it.”
“What in the world are we going to do with it?” Glanzing said. “We have too far to go, and looking after it will waste too much time and energy.”
“What energy? It’s the perfect companion, and Belpatha has one.”
“That doesn’t make a difference. It’s not even a magical creature, so how would it help us?”
“Nobody knows that for sure, whether or not it is magical.”
It began snarfing again, and Luma picked it up. She got a little too close to it, and then it snapped.
“See. I told you,” Glanzing said. “It’ll bite your nose off if you’re not careful. Nearly did the same thing the last time.”
“My mistake. But it really likes me. I’m going to take it.”
“There’s simply not enough room for it.”
“As if there wasn’t enough room for the book of counterspells. We delivered it just fine.”
Glanzing let out a feeble sigh. The cards were stacked against him this time. If it made Luma happy, she would be in better spirits. That was the deciding factor. Plus, the mage and the dwarf had a wager on the wugwump. Glanzing was sure the creature would either get bored or scared by something, then run away long before they made it to Nebilon. Vigo didn’t think so. His money was on the wugwump being a permanent member of their party.
Luma named him, Wumsy, and it took right to its master. She fed it some greens and biscuits, and when it had filled its belly, she let it sleep with her. Wumsy watched over Luma that night, drifting off every so often but sprung up immediately as two intruders barged in on their camp, scaring away an owl and a raccoon.
By morning, it was already up, licking Luma’s face. Wumsy also liked Vigo and let him play tag. He acclimated himself to the quest and followed with an apparent air of duty. At times, dashing ahead and sniffing behind rocks and trees. It still seemed to eye Glanzing with suspicion, as did the mage the wugwump. Vigo teased the mage that it was because of the bet they had going.
Shortly afterward, it began to rain. A wispy drizzle followed by thunder. It didn’t take long to open into a heavy downpour. A dash of lightning streaked across the sky. Luma picked up Wumsy and cradled him inside her cloak to keep him dry. She then took a moment to recall the words that Glanzing used to push a storm away, and she uttered them aloud. The weatherworking already began to work in her favor before she thought about its consequences.
The brook kept rising, a gush of water spewed. Vigo screamed. He couldn’t swim, so Luma went to save him, and then she began to think of the time she saved Tyler. She could see Tyler’s face as she groped for Vigo, so she shut her eyes because she didn’t want to have those thoughts in her head at that moment. She kept him afloat, swallowing too much water in the process. A school of tiny fish gathered in jubilee.
Somebody’s sandal went by, and it didn’t belong to any of the campers. Luma climbed the rock, peering out into the dark eye of the storm. She stared with indomitable concentration, uttering a bunch of ancient words she had no idea the meaning of, but they flowed mellifluously off her tongue. Her will and her innate ability for weatherworking helped her steer the storm away. She didn’t stop it but drove it west. It sailed over the rolling hills toward Pepperdale.
Her fellow campers cheered, and the soaking Vigo seemed stupendously jubilant to be once again, standing on dry land. It wasn’t the least bit muddy or soupy. There wasn’t a drop of moisture in the treetops or on any of the grass blades. Not a droplet behind any of their ears. It was as if it hadn’t rained at all. Not there, at least, and yet, the storm raged on toward Pepperdale.
Wumsy gamboled, rolling around in the soil. Luma rubbed his back a little, but it was no time for playing, and they ambled on. The eye of the storm trailed off, swirling in the distance as heavy rain would soon be pelting Pepperdale. Luma had no idea of the implications of her weatherworking, although Glanzing did. The mage stood there with a doughty expression. Simply couldn’t get the words out. His ire pinched in on his forehead, cheeks, and all the other facial folds. He stood his ground, awaiting punishment. A brutish wind knocked him to the ground, and the rain poured, drenching his wizard hat. A bolt of lightning ripped across the sky, and Glanzing raised his arm. How silly? He couldn’t shield himself from the bolt, the shimmering light, blazing toward his staff.
Time had come to undo the damage. He truly wanted to thrust the storm aside, banish it far away, but he couldn’t merely push it off to another innocent hamlet. Pepperdale was getting pummeled, and Glanzing had nowhere to seek cover. He considered letting it run its course. Sometimes these storms tuckered out. There was no way of telling. Time was of the essence, as floodwater kept rising all around. Flailing arms and bobbing heads, trying to keep from drowning. A single white glove, drifting along, caught the Good Enchanter’s eye, seemed to beg for mercy. Glanzing wasted no more time. He raised his staff, chanted a few words he’d once heard uttered by Ugobaldo.
There was then, a final flash, and it struck his staff, splicing it down the middle. The shock was so great Glanzing felt as if he were hanging onto a tuning fork. Hot blood coursed through his veins. His hair raised on end. The surge, so powerful, his limbs and spine stood bolt upright, and in that instant, he merged with the lightning. Then, as quickly as it came, it petered out. He let go, and the splinters wafted off in all directions. The smell of burning embers lingered. The rain ceased, and Glanzing knelt before the spot by the ashes and embers of his once trusty old staff. He whispered a thank you to the original owner, his erstwhile mentor, Meldor. He reached out to wherever he was roaming— Snupplebreeze or beyond. It was the proper thing to do, offering a solemn moment and thanks to the mage, who so thoughtfully handed down his staff. It was a shame to lose one, though not if in the heat of battle, and that included tangling with the merciless elements.
Then Glanzing scoped the woods for the right piece. He refused to hack down a tree, even if he discovered an enchanted one. His inner sage sought out a felled tree. He preferred to choose among the branches and roots, the wizardly way. From the roots often came the most gnarled wood, which intimated a magic touch, but was more of an appearance thing. Glanzing was not superficial. He preferred substance and had a pretty clear picture of what he desired.
Though the others wanted to help, the mage insisted on loping alone. His ultimate responsibility, after all, and a mage had to develop a true affinity with his staff. Naturally, the staff had to bond with its owner, as its surge of magic would spring forth from the one who wielded it. This symbiosis sometimes compared witches with their broomsticks, but that was an antiquated way of thinking since some witches had risen the ranks to magehood and spurned broomsticks in favor of staffs. The more apt analogy was the bond between dragons and their riders.
A new dawn unfolded before him with dewy grass, and the meadowlarks welcomed the morning with a song. He saw the displaced people of Pepperdale roaming west. He was not heading that way. His focus had to be exclusively dedicated to the task at hand because he needed to complete it before rejoining his fellow questers. A troubling thought struck him. Luma was getting sharper with her spells but still needed mentoring. He worried she would soon tangle with grave danger.
Glanzing washed his face in the river. The cool water gave him a refreshing jolt. He drank two mouthfuls, then got back on his feet and kept searching.
Legend said the great mage of Jember’s Grotto, Trilby, had searched a whole year before finding the right wood to replace his ruined staff. Trilby had defeated the dragon, Snilwick, drove him out of Gowand and returned peace to its inhabitants. He’d been leery of accepting the Gowanders hospitality, but he couldn’t refuse them. They even offered to make him a new staff from fresh lumber. After the third day of the feast, Trilby took the long, winding road to Jember’s Grotto, but never returned home. He searched far and wide for both the replacement for his staff and a new purpose. Snilwick had drained most of his energy.
Glanzing’s triumph seemed small in comparison to Trilby’s. Dragonlords always ranked higher in the grand scheme of things, chalked up more legends. Glanzing knew his place, had accepted his standing as grunt weatherworker, prankster, and maybe if all had gone well with the quest, Good Enchanter would be etched on his tombstone someday. There was a sense of urgency, too, for he needed to catch up with Luma because the future of Nebilon would be in her hands. His wizardry would go down as very important, but Luma would become legendary.
Something troubled him as he spent more time brooding to himself. He was more vulnerable without his staff, and the longer he was without it, the more risks that could befall him. Any unbidden encounter would force Glanzing to plumb deeper within himself to ward off his attacker. This amplified his stress and let all his doubts fester, swirling into a continuous loop. Simply put, wielding a staff was completely new to him. Most of his life he’d gone without one and lived by his wits. Knowing this made him feel better, but out there were still plenty of sneaky things, thriving off primal fear.
He stopped for a moment to gather his strength and poke about the roots. A gaggle of edible mushrooms caught his eye. He ate some and felt much better. Then he came upon a magnificent maple festooned in hanging moss. So lush was its green, a forest of grass, bushes, and trees seemed contained within its contours. So gnarly were its branches, the perfect tree. He longed for a branch and combed along the area to find one, but the ground was immaculate. Not a single twig lay on the soil, not a leaf, though there was a merry army of ants scattering and scampering. 
As a boy, Glanzing was fascinated with ants. He could distinguish one from another and named them all. What fond memories he had! He passed a giant log, probably a limb, of the majestic maple. It was enormous and impossible to lug off all by himself. It would be nearly impossible for eight grown men, but Glanzing had an idea. He took out his knife and began to cut from the log, indeed, a major undertaking but well worth the chore.
He whittled down the wood to the size that would best fit his grasp. He examined the grain from the chopped part and was pleased with the dark, thick lines. The heft felt good in his hand, and when he finished it, a surge like the bolt that spliced Meldor’s staff ran through his body.
Chapter Twenty-Three The Mystical Chalice
The day had been a blend of blessing and burden. When they least expected it, they came upon the ruins of Gorsk, where the ancestors of Hemroth’s Warriors once thrived. The bell tower was a heap of rubble, and the stately court hollowed out into pits of stone. Bree examined the ruins with strict reverence, for her grandfather had once battled there, driving off the ruthless Spotted Vipers.
While everybody else was busy, Wumsy stumbled upon something. He was tromping around in circles and snarfing. When Luma caught up to her pet, she saw a golden cup lying in the rubble. She had never seen anything quite like it. Bree hurried over to see for herself. 
“What is it?” Luma asked.
“A mystical wishing chalice,” Bree said. “Granting a person a single wish.”
“Anything at all?”
“Apparently, that is what it is supposed to offer. I’m amazed it is still in such great shape.”
“Peculiarly so. Something about it doesn’t strike me as genuine,” Glanzing said.
They had themselves another debate, and rightly so. Mystical Chalices didn’t grow on trees, and they sure didn’t pop up in the middle of nowhere, for no good reason, unless somebody had an ulterior motive. Glanzing made a big stink about it because it seemed too good to be true, the perfect agitprop with perfect timing to land right at the surface of the rubble.
The mage argued his point vigorously. To make his case, he cited the juicy bowl of strawberries that Luma couldn’t resist. Her eagerness led to her falling into the pit. While that might have led them onto a neat twist on their quest, there was no telling what this mystical chalice could do.
This time, they might not be so lucky. The million pego question was who would want one of them to wish for something that could help them on their quest, and how would that person benefit by letting somebody from their party make their wish come true? It must have been some ploy to get them to reveal what was on their mind so that they could be easily undermined.
Glanzing put his tired foot down and refused to cave in. Vigo was equally exuberant about making a wish. Bree thought that the chalice should be returned to its rightful owner if they could ascertain that it was genuine. Luma had a clever plan. She suggested that one of them make a fake wish and that whoever wanted to undermine them would actually be undermined himself. It was a sneaky plan, and Glanzing was only disappointed that he hadn’t thought of it himself.
Luma would go ahead and wish that Wumsy would have a twin sister. This seemingly absurd request would rattle their foe and keep them from being undermined. Then the party could get back to business and continue on their quest. The only question remaining was how to proceed with asking for the wish.
“You must drink from the chalice,” Glanzing said. “We’re not likely to find wine anywhere around here and certainly no root beer, but I think water should suffice.” 
Luma drank a big gulp of water and became instantly refreshed. All eyes were fixed on the wugwump to see if another spawned by her side. Nothing. They kept moving along. A short while afterward, a string of bad luck followed. On the way back from the ruins, they passed a dead end.
For Glanzing and Bree, this was no big deal since they were well-traveled, but for Luma and Vigo, both on their first adventure, this was most vexing. Neither had ever stumbled upon one. The name itself— dead end— was disturbing. It conjured up frightful images of dwarves being devoured by goblins or falling into wells stories Vigo’s older brothers had told him.
Spooked by what seemed a bad omen, the dwarf darted off west, and the party chased after him. Luma finally nabbed him. She calmed him down by getting him to count slowly in intervals of ten. After each set, he took a deep breath.
By Bobo’s Crossing, a strange noise bothered Vigo, a constant buzzing. He tried to get away from it. Luma told him it was nothing more than his imagination. Maybe so, but why was it so persistent and growing louder and more harmonious? When he turned to see it, the buzzing ceased. A couple of times, he felt it tickling his ear. Then the chorus rose an octave. A whole swarm appeared, their bright yellow jackets beaming in the morning glow. Bees. Their pursuit focused on Vigo, as if he had stolen their hive or had pollen hidden in his pockets.
Vigo was probably the fasted dwarf alive, which wasn’t saying much since we all know dwarves are much more known for their strength and their beards than their footspeed. Luma insinuated herself between the swarm and the frazzled Vigo, but the bees had no interest in her. Bree followed closely, reaching into her quiver, nocked an arrow, and then fired it off. A desperate attempt, and unlike the elf in such an instance. It nearly struck Glanzing in the forehead. Fortunately, the mage was able to duck in time.
Vigo got winded and fell flat on his face, and fortunately for him, the swarm flit right past him.
“Whew, that was a close one,” Luma said.
“Are they gone?” Vigo said, raising his chin ever so slightly.
“That was kind of crazy,” Luma said. “Where did they come from?”
“It is strange,” Bree said, blushing from her gaffe. “There haven’t been bees in these parts for some time. It may have been an illusion. Somebody is messing with us.”
“So maybe it wasn’t such a good idea drinking from that chalice,” Luma said.
They had finally made some headway. They had even stumbled upon the paw prints of what very well may have been a clouded leopard. Glanzing eyed it curiously and then proceeded into an old tale from Molwatian lore that said a plucked whisker off a clouded leopard would add one hundred years onto a mage’s life. Bree chortled at the very idea, and this infuriated the mage. They had another tense verbal barb, and the acolyte and the dwarf left them alone. Eventually, the squabble petered out, and they carried on about their business.
They followed the trail throughout the savanna, and when they approached the woodlands, a sharper pattern emerged until it disappeared as if into thin air. They peeled their way through tall grasses and shrubs. Glanzing stopped and pointed up to a tree.
“I think it went up there,” Glanzing said.
“Are you kidding me,” Bree barked. “You’ve been trailing it this whole way?”
“I know you think this is a lot of bunk, but I am inclined to believe that a plucked whisker will give us a little extra oomph.”
“You’re delirious.”
“Shhh. I think it’s moving.” He kept his eyes peeled and his ears tuned. The canopy of trees grew thicker, and the cawing of birds echoed.
Suddenly, they came upon something, rustling between the leaves. A stunning golden-bronze coat, shimmering beside all those leafy greens. It jumped onto Glanzing, and the mage nearly keeled over. It was another wugwump.
“I don’t believe it,” Bree said.
“So the wish really did come true?”
“Maybe not. Maybe this is where they come to graze.”
“There, up in the tree,” Vigo said.
Two more came swooping down and began to snarf in glee.
“This is nuts. We can’t take all of these with us.”
The fuzzy creatures joined Wumsy, and it was a regular snarfu, the smallest one, vying for Luma’s attention while Wumsy grit his teeth. Vigo picked one up to be charitable. Luma led the procession, and Glanzing left scratching his beard.
“They can’t all go with us,” Glanzing said.
“I get what you are saying,” Bree agreed. “I am not happy about it either, but let’s face it. They seem stuck on Luma. It may or may not have been the chalice wish, but that isn’t even the point. Let’s just go on and see how far they come with us.”
“I never asked for any of this.”
“Don’t be such a wet blanket. This is nothing more than a test of our nerves. When we get to Nebilon, it’ll be different.”
But something, way different happened all too soon. The wugwumps began to proliferate, popping up in twos and threes. Before they had a chance to blink, a whole platoon materialized. They were unstoppable, and it was nearly impossible to keep track of them all. Then something even stranger happened.
Vigo disappeared.
Even though her hands, arms, and shoulders were full, Luma was the first to notice.
“Wait,” Luma said. “Where is Vigo?”
“He was right here two seconds ago,” Bree said.
They called for him, but there was no reply.
“He couldn’t have gotten too far,” Glanzing said. “Perhaps he sat down for a bit.”
“I am not going on without him,” Luma declared.
“Relax,” Bree said. “Of course, we are not. Let’s get our bearings back. There has to be a good explanation.”
She used her extraordinary sight but couldn’t scope him out. Luma tapped into her telepathic and scrying powers, but she too was unable to find the dwarf.
Glanzing began cursing under his breath. He blamed the wugwumps. Wumsy in particular.
“Didn’t your pet sniff out the chalice?” Glanzing accused.
“What if he did?”
“It’s awfully peculiar that all of our recent troubles started with that thing.”
“From that first night at camp, he was watching over us and scared away the owl and the raccoon.”
“And what about this fine mess? We’ve lost Vigo.”
“Wumsy will help us find him.”
“This is becoming a total nuisance.”
“Suit yourself. I will go alone if I have to, but I am not coming back without Vigo,” Luma said.
“Hold your wugwumps,” Glanzing said. “We’re all going with you.”
Chapter Twenty-Four Searching For Vigo
Beyond the gorge rose sprawling green hillocks. Then another settlement of ruins. The wugwump platoon was still with them, and it didn’t make sense to ditch them since they were at least partly responsible for all the recent hoopla. Glanzing cast a stern gaze at the scattered bricks and toppled blocks, then let out a sigh of surprise.
“Looks like we’ve found ourselves builders,” Glanzing was proud to report, watching hundreds of men shambling every which way, hauling barrows of blocks and piling them up.
“Well, what do you know?” Bree said. “Kind of a lucky break.”
“Indeed it is,” said Glanzing. “The Kolgads burned this place to smithereens before I went on my first quest.”
“But who is rebuilding it?” Bree said. “Those are certainly not Kolgads.”
“No, they have long since gone on their merry way,” Glanzing said.
“I must say, I am impressed, Good Enchanter. Looks like I am not the only historian.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“He should have come this way,” Luma said.
“He may have,” Glanzing quipped. “We can’t tell for sure, but maybe somebody here saw him.”
They approached the mounds of earth and the piles of planks. Luma and Bree inspected the builders with great curiosity as Glanzing approached one of the locals.
“My good man,” Glanzing said. “I wonder if you can tell us if any of the Kolgads— that is— any of their kin might still be around?”
“Who wants to know?” the man said.
“We mean no harm to them.”
“Not my concern, anyway.”
“Then it seems that they have moved on,” Glanzing said.
“Too many of them crammed in their puny quarters. All ages and their filthy babies, scrambling around barefoot.”
“Then I will take it you are glad to see them go?” Glanzing said.
“I’ve seen enough of those dirt bugs to last me a lifetime.”
“Certainly, they are good people.”
“Strange buggers, if you asked me,” the man said and went off.
Another man came by and gently tugged on Glanzing’s cloak.
“They left in a hurry, the kin. Not so long ago,” the man said.
“Did they?” Glanzing queried.
“They wanted to stay and help build. Some of them, at least. It seemed they had a big quarrel amongst themselves. Then they departed.”
“That’s a shame,” Glanzing said. “But I suppose that is better than if they had been driven off.”
“Too many bickering, bigoted folk in these parts. Watch yourselves around here.”
“Wise words,” Glanzing said, keeping an eye on the irritated man from before. A few more locals came by to gawk at the wizard. Some small children stared at Bree. Luma appeared frazzled and implored Glanzing to lead them away.
“We will stay here tonight because it is getting dark,” Glanzing said. “Something tells me we are heading the right way. I will ask about Vigo.”
“Rocks and rubble interest you?” Luma said.
“I sense an important message will soon be delivered here.”
The kinder man inquired if they needed a place to stay, and Glanzing said they only needed a little roof, some blankets, and three beds. After so many nights sleeping on the dirt, they were due a cozier night’s rest.
The man led them to a small cottage. He rapped on the door, and when it peeled open, he fled. Inside, a hunchbacked innkeeper greeted them.
“What brings you here?” the innkeeper inquired, revealing hideous, yellowed teeth.
“We would like to stay for the night,” Glanzing said. “We would greatly appreciate any accommodations you might have.”
“You speak with a strange accent,” the innkeeper said. 
“I am not from these parts,” Glanzing said.
“We don’t cater to wizards,” the innkeeper said.
Glanzing couldn’t help chuckling at this. He had been around and often heard similar quips. He sized up the hobbled innkeeper, figuring that he was expecting a large tip to let them stay the night, but Glanzing had many ways of dealing with miserly merchants. He felt in a particularly good mood and wanted to show his acolyte a way to deal with similar situations.
“I am a poor man myself. You are too kind to consider me a wizard,” Glanzing said.
“Is that so? Maybe my tired old eyes deceive me, but don’t mock me by telling me my business,” the innkeeper scolded.
“I would never dream of such a thing. It is true I was once what you said, but now I am a mere enchanter. This staff serves as my cane so that I may keep my balance.”
“Great for cracking skulls,” the man said.
Glanzing disregarded the comment and appeared to be in deep thought. He rubbed his fingers together, ever so slightly, and mumbled something. Then the innkeeper became more docile. His hardened expression grew softer, as though he were glad to have visitors.
“There are only two rooms available, but I am sure you will find them very comfy.”
“We will take them.”
“I’m sorry to say that there are no meals, but I will try my best to whip up something. I will put on a kettle for tea.”
“That sounds wonderful,” Glanzing said.
“You will have a basin to wash your faces. I will fetch some water, and let me see if I can rustle up a couple of blankets.”
“Not a problem,” Glanzing said.
The innkeeper began scurrying about to accommodate his guests. He pulled out blankets and dusted off the pillows. Then handed them to the Good Enchanter.
“This is perfect,” Glanzing said. “Now we have to square ourselves with you.”
The innkeeper had a befuddled look. He scratched his balding head.
“How much do we owe you?” Glanzing asked.
“It never occurred to me,” the innkeeper said.
“But we must give you something,” Glanzing said. “After all, you are very kind to put us up.”
“Well, we do have a leaky roof. If you could fix it, I’d be ever so grateful.” It was almost laughable how abruptly the miserly innkeeper had brightened up.
“We’ll do what we can,” Glanzing promised. He seemed to want to get on, as wizards often do, not wanting to expend much energy on simple drying spells. Glanzing said a few words of enchantment, and soon the hole in the roof plugged up.
The innkeeper flashed his yellowed teeth then dashed off to put on a kettle of water for tea. The guests went to their room with their pillows and blankets. Of course, there was that other matter of the platoon of wugwumps. They could not stay with them, except for Wumsy, and this seemed to cause a stir amongst their contingent, but Luma snuck in her pet and managed to find a hiding spot outside for the platoon.
The next morning they collected their things and were off at the crack of dawn. The kind man who directed them to the inn was there to walk them to the edge of the village. He spoke with Glanzing in a language that Luma had never heard before. She noticed a man wearing a chain around his neck and thought she saw a shiny stone dangling a crescent.
Before they said their goodbyes, Glanzing took a real coin from his pocket, but the man refused to take it.
“I leave you with this message,” the man said. “Be on the lookout for the forked road and listen when you get there. Do not go forth with haste. Listen for the sound. It will come when you least expect it, and it will take you down the right path.”
“Wait,” Luma said. “We are to go right?”
“You will know where to go when you hear the sound,” the man said and loped off.
What sound in particular? Yelp, yawp, tweet. They listened for everything, and they kept inching on. Nothing, in particular, grabbed them, but they stayed attune. After a long winding stretch, it seemed as if they had gone off track, wandering for quite a while, aimlessly, endlessly. Then they hit a precarious path and had no choice but to cross it, a hanging bridge. The drop was unfathomable, perhaps one thousand feet.
Steam rose from a pyre all the way down at the bottom, perhaps the very Canyon of the Unfortunate thought to be the welcome port of the shades and manes. It made Glanzing wince. The hanging bridge was over one hundred feet across, and its only support was two ropes, the wooden planks swaying back and forth.
Bree went first. Luma followed closely behind her with Wumsy tucked inside her cloak. The mage lulled by the ropes. He didn’t appear to want to cross at all. If he had any transformative ability, now was the time for him to change himself into a hawk or a gull and fly to the other side. Then the platoon of wugwumps scampered across with reckless abandon, and the mage cursed at them. He was probably most irked by their carefree spirit and that he nearly slipped the moment the first one scurried over his foot.
After the mage had taken his sweet time, he settled his nerves and crossed by himself. He clutched the side rope with as much force as he grasped his staff. The narrow bridge wobbled and squeaked with each step. Dust and pebbles plunged over the edge and into oblivion. How many bones lay scattered at the bottom of the canyon? The wind whipped in his face, and Glanzing hobbled along with his eyes dead ahead.
Time mattered, not in that instant, only his sure footing. Better to take forever than to rush and meet his forever too soon. After a testy span of nerves and steps, the mage finally conquered his fears making it safely across and joining his party. The sun beating down on them, Glanzing stopped for a moment, resting his old bones on a felled tree. Bree broke out the map again and showed the Good Enchanter how far they had roamed.
Glanzing looked like he needed to take more time to recover, but it was not the hanging bridge that had him ruminating. He was in quite a pensive state until Luma got him talking. Then she was almost sorry she had dragged it out of him. The mage seemed to have flipped his lid. Maybe the scurrying wugwumps put him into his tizzy, but no matter what Luma said, she couldn’t get Glanzing off of his obsession with the clouded leopard. After a harrowing cross of the hanging bridge, Glanzing wanted to pluck a clouded leopard’s whisker so that he could tack on another one hundred years to his life. Assuming the legends had gotten it right.
The acolyte and the elf both worried about Glanzing and tapped into his mind to see if he had been zonked with a spell. His fervor for this rare creature was so grandiose that it seemed a likely explanation. Turns out they were both wrong about any spell or devious presence invading his mind, but they kept their eye on the mage, ready for anything.
About an hour later, the mage wore a mischievous grin as he pushed aside some tall strands of grass and waltzed up to his prize. It was sound asleep or appeared that way. Glanzing crept up on it while it lay still. The clouded leopard was a gorgeous cat and very crafty. Even though its eyes were shut, he didn’t take it for granted.
He’d never seen one but heard of a tribesman that once got too close when a clouded leopard appeared asleep. A sudden noise frightened it, and the tribesman had his head chomped off. Bree was only a step behind him. She could easily goof things up, and even if Glanzing could get away, he was sure that she would not be able to go by unscathed.
Beads of sweat dripped from his forehead. The mage had to lean back so as not to drip on the snoozing cat. He had the clipper out, but his hands were too jumpy to make a clean snip. His earlier zeal completely lost as if he’d finally had the realization that his idea was totally nuts. This was not the way of mages. This was an act of mocking.
On top of all that, if he wasn’t mauled to death, he had no guarantee that adding one hundred more years to his life was any bargain. He might be burdening himself with an extra hundred years of aggravation. Who was to say for sure he would be getting good ones, assuming, of course, he passed this foolish task with his life intact. All these questions came hurtling to him now. They came rushing at him as he snipped. A perfect snip. He nabbed the whisker and stared at it too long. The wispy, beautiful whisker.
Then an odd noise. A horned guan or some other bird that didn’t quite sound right, something that sounded grossly out of place, tore through the crisp air.
The clouded leopard stirred as if awoken from a long, tedious slumber. Its haunting green eyes peeled open, two brilliant pools of liquid green. Glanzing stared right at the clouded leopard and felt as if he were drowning. It let out a massive yawn, revealing its awesome canines. He could smell the blood. He should have dashed right then, but instead, his grip tightened on the tree branches. Bree shouted for him to jump. It was the only way out. If he didn’t jump, then the clouded leopard would surely pounce on him. The great cat would tear him limb from limb. But if he jumped, he could land on his head and smash his skull.
Glanzing stared down at Bree and Luma, ready to catch him. So was the platoon of wugwumps. He finally decided to take the plunge and landed on a bed of those fuzzy creatures. They saved his life, and now he had to race to keep it. Bree helped him to his feet then they fled. The mage kept peeking back to see if the clouded leopard was still on their tail, the thrushing of bushes and branches wheeling behind them.
“That was a close call,” Luma said.
“We are very lucky,” Bree said. “Are you okay?”
Glanzing stared with wide eyes at his clenched fist, still shaky. He opened his palm for all to see the whisker. How it sparkled? 
“Never again,” Glanzing said.
Chapter Twenty-Five The Forked Road
He admired it one last time before, slipping it into his pouch. A clouded leopard’s whisker, he whispered to himself. That put him into an altogether different league. That made him, at least, as worthy as Daimjee, Pimby, and possibly even, Rohan the Master Binder. It was twenty-seven times more valuable than a rabbit’s foot or a monkey’s paw but much easier to lose.
They trekked on from sunset to dusk before they settled again. Still no sign of the forked road. Nor the voice that would lead them to it. They weren’t lucky enough to find any shelter, so they camped out under the stars. Glanzing kept watch. His worn and weary eyes, gleaming by the crackling embers of the fire. It had been a particularly grueling day with only a short rest to fill their botas with stream water.
Luma was so determined to find Vigo that Glanzing conceded into a few more detours. How could he say no, after he nearly got them all mauled by the clouded leopard? Luma’s determination and emotional intelligence were much more robust than he had been at her age. Her qualities were much to be admired, her strength of leadership burgeoning. It had been rubbing off on the Good Enchanter, served him well, added ballast to his spirit and his sense of dignity.
As the darkness of night unfurled, Glanzing grew wary. The skittering and scampering of lurking creatures didn’t help either. Somewhere a hooting owl made itself known. Glanzing tossed a few branches into the fire, but his cheeks only felt a tease of warmth. Hard to keep comfy, keeping watch over an acolyte who was the chosen one and a noble elf.
Belpatha could very well be scrying on him that very moment, and Glanzing would be none the wiser. Straying from the purpose of a mission was serious business, even if it meant finding a missing dwarf. The Archmage might hold that against all of them, including Bree. Who was to say, who was really in charge, and did it matter? They were a well-balanced bunch, complementing each other’s skills. They would not have been paired up otherwise. By morning, Glanzing still had furrowed brows and a ponderous expression. Luma had to know what was bugging her mentor, and she kept asking him.
“Don’t fret over my concerns,” Glanzing said. “Nothing I cannot handle myself.”
“I don’t doubt it, but we also need to be open with one another,” Luma said.
“That’s a very mature insight,” Glanzing said. “I’m sure that would make Aunt Paula very proud.”
“Don’t try to change the subject,” Luma snapped. “I know what you are up to. You’re trying to butter me up with compliments. Want to get me all gaga, and then when my guard is down, you’ll try and convince me that we should forget about Vigo and get back on our mission.”
“That’s absurd,” Glanzing said.
“Is it now?” Luma declared.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Come on, Glanzing, you’d make a terrible poker player.”
“I’m not sure what that means, but if you’re insinuating that I’m lying, then I am going to have to admonish you.”
“You can’t even look into my eyes because you know that I’m right.”
Once again, Bree played the perennial buffer and got between the mentor and his acolyte. They were all on the same mission and had to work in synergy. This was even more so with Vigo gone because he brought something unique to the quest, and Bree had to concede that point despite a good chunk of elven lore that considered dwarves unworthy. King Virgil would be absolutely livid if he knew that they’d given up so easily on his youngest son. Bree had to put aside all her elven prejudices about dwarves, and Glanzing would have to make due as well.
“I want both of you to know that I am not afraid of the consequences,” Luma said. “If Belpatha cannot see how important it is to bring back Vigo, then I don’t want any part of being a mage in her order. Actually, I would rather give it a go on my own.”
“That’s foolishness,” Glanzing said. “Trust me. I’ve had a go on my own already. It’s not what it’s cracked up to be. You’ll have nothing to fall back on.”
“We have each other now. That is more than enough. You can count on me, and I believe I can count on both of you.”
Her words were powerful, and even Bree had to concede that Luma’s integrity and purpose were unparalleled. She was fully aware of Belpatha’s strength and stature, which could easily prevent Luma from returning to the treasure trove of resources available on the remarkable Isle of Pōg. Glanzing stared in fear as if a bolt of lightning might strike his new staff, but Luma just walked on, cuddling her pet and leading the procession of wugwumps behind her. Unwittingly, she was a force unto herself and perhaps was building her own, newfangled order.
As she crossed a rocky patch, she heard a sound. Something goading her on. Then it grew louder, so she followed it around the bend.
“Vigo, is that you?” Luma said.
The echo returned, and she crept toward it. So rapt by its call, she didn’t realize she was leaving behind her friends. A shadow loomed, and she moved forward. Something or somebody appeared by the thickets.
“Don’t be alarmed,” he said. “I have been calling on you.”
“Who are you?” Luma asked.
“They call me Dill,” he said. “I am the wanderer of the valley.”
“You call on strangers out of the blue?”
“Not as a habit. I am not foolish.”
“That’s good to know.”
“Although you are not exactly a stranger. There has been much talk about the young one with mystical power. That is why I called on you.”
“Who sent you?” Luma inquired, eying the stranger suspiciously.
“My master. He’s very wise but very concerned about what’s been happening to our realm. The dark side has been unfurling, stretching farther than ever before. Soon great wars will be waged.”
“Everybody knows that.”
“We must choose our side carefully. Picking the wrong one could be disastrous. Sometimes it is beyond our control. Once I was approached by the other side. Very unsettling. I was in a different place back then, had many doubts myself, and almost took the dreaded plunge. I can see the signs. Your friend might have been bewitched by it.”
“Not Vigo. What do you know about it?” Luma asked.
“I saw him not long ago. The dwarf.”
“Yes. We lost him a few days ago.”
“He was heading east. I saw him trudging along by the marshlands. I offered my assistance to guide him back along a solid path. He was preoccupied with something, a vision it seemed.”
“Would you lead me to him?” Luma said.
“It was a couple of days ago. He might very well have changed course. Those drawn to spirits or visions are hard to contain.”
“But isn’t this the reason you called upon me?”
“No, it is not. My master wanted to meet with you. He is concerned about your well-being.”
“Why? He doesn’t know me.”
“I assure you, he does, or perhaps he has been informed by respectable sources.”
“If you lead me to Vigo, I will pay a visit to your master.”
“So be it. If that’s what it takes.”
“I will wait until my friends catch up. We will follow your lead.”
The mage and the elf finally caught up with Luma. Glanzing had that peevish look about him and groaned about a pebble in his shoe. He took a moment to shake it out, then eyed the stranger and struck the first blow, “Which way from here?”
A look of puzzlement washed over Dill.
“Which path is best? The fork,” Glanzing said as he pointed.
It was obvious from his response that the stranger was not the one to lead them to the right path. This did not even seem to bother Luma, who more or less shrugged off the fork in the road. The only thing that rang true for her, at that very moment, was that she believed Dill had seen Vigo.
“Has he?” Glanzing said practically with a chuckle. He was totally unconvinced. Bree herself was rather standoffish, but Luma believed fervently.
Dill joined them on the search, but Glanzing kept a watchful eye on the stranger, heeding the famous mage maxim to keep one’s friends close but one’s enemies even closer. If that stranger wasn’t screaming enemy, then Glanzing was a screaming banshee. It got awkward very quickly, and Bree did everything in her power to squash his agenda except shoot Dill with an arrow.
No tracks. No trail. It was very odd, indeed, and, after a while, it got a bit annoying. Even Luma started having doubts.
That night as they camped under the twinkling stars, Dill sat on a rock and told stories about the Spotted Viper when a python came slithering by. Glanzing nearly froze. He hated those damn things more than gorgons and hydras. Maybe not as much as hydras, but definitely more than gorgons and probably more than tridents.
It coiled up and locked its gaze into Glanzing’s eyes. Then proffered its forked tongue. Dill reached into his cloak and pulled out a flute, gave it a practice toot, mainly, to blow out the dust, then sat back and played a sappy melody, and the python swayed its head.
After Dill had warmed up, the python began shimmying to the music. Wumsy poked its head out from under Luma’s sleeve and watched the snake slither off into the night.
“That was amazing!” Luma said. “So, you must be a snake charmer.”
“First time for everything,” Dill said. “I take a flute with me everywhere because, oftentimes, it’s the only company I have.”
“Came in quite handy.”
Glanzing was relieved to be rid of the snake, even if he wouldn’t say so. He turned in early because he was bushed. Bree stayed up, but kept rather quiet, listening or in tune with something that may have been beyond the camp. Luma heard no stirrings or was too taken by Dill’s stories to notice. Dill was very complimentary to Luma almost in a smarmy way, but Wumsy seemed to like Dill, and so did all the other wugwumps. No biting or snarfing. It was the first time they had such a warm and fuzzy gathering together.
Eventually, Dill tuckered out, and Luma stayed up on watch. She had a lot to brood over, so it was perfectly okay with her. Then she dozed off. She hadn’t slept since Vigo had gone missing, so she needed to crash. She dreamt that she was lost and had drifted into swampland, and she treaded carefully because of that bad experience when the swamp monster had attacked them. This time she met a bog person. A nice fellow who promised to guide her safely through the swamp. With a bright glare shining in her face, Luma tried to stay away, but the nice bog fellow walked ahead to shield her from it.
Come on, come on, he kept telling her, but she seemed to be getting disoriented. The next thing she knew, she was separated from the nice bog fellow and was staring right into a glimmering will-o-wisp. It was large and coppery, the bright glow of a smithy. The bog people were so used to it they didn’t stir one bit. Luma shook.
“Don’t be alarmed,” the will-o-wisp said.
“Who are you?” Luma asked.
“Sprats,” the will-o-wisp said. “Warden of these swamps. Rarely come out to humans, but I feel this is absolutely necessary.”
“What seems to be the matter?”
“It’s your companion.”
“Vigo. Have you seen him?”
“I’m sorry to say that I do not know where the dwarf is, but I am sure you would like to know the true identity of your guide.”
“The nice bog fellow?”
“He isn’t who he portrays himself to be. That is, he is trying to corrupt you.”
“He’s helping guide me toward Vigo.”
“Is he really? Do you believe that deep down?”
“You just said you don’t know where Vigo is.”
“And neither does Swali.”
“Swali? Why do you mention that name?”
“He’s the one pretending to guide you to Vigo right now.”
“You’re telling me that nice fellow is the Gomian, Swali? Veldish’s acolyte.”
“Yup. So you better act fast before he does his damage. He is a sneak. Master of illusion.”
With these alarming words, Luma broke from her dream. She caught a glimpse of their guide. He was already dashing off, and so were the wugwumps, the whole platoon, trailing behind him— popping into clouds of smoke. Each one disappeared with a pop and a poof. Bree saw it, too, the lizardy fellow fleeing the scene. A Gomian. It was Swali all along, and now Luma knew it. She shouted his name, but he didn’t bother looking back. Some ugly bird perched on his shoulder. A raven.
 By the time Luma got to her feet, he was already gone.
“How could I have been so stupid?” Luma said.
“It’s not your fault,” Bree replied. “He played off your weakness. Your loyalty to your friends.”
“Why didn’t I sense it?”
“I had my suspicions, but he fooled me as well. I think if your mind was clear you would not have been duped.”
“So, what do we do now?”
“The same as what we have been doing. We continue.”

***

Luma got her bearings back. Her telepathic powers were percolating again. Whatever spell Swali had woven to stultify Luma had dissipated. Bree helped her friend build back her confidence.
Things would not go well for the other acolyte. Veldish would be furious with Swali for failing to undermine Luma. The darker side of magic was a zero-sum game. There was always punishment. Still, Luma had doubts about her perception, and going forward, she promised to be more skeptical.
He must have been on their tail a long while before Luma got, Wumsy, and the fact that she could not detect Swali’s devious presence disturbed her. Bree vowed to show Luma a way to sharpen her senses, particularly her inner sage.
Luma was glad she still had Wumsy. It was disconcerting seeing all the wugwumps disappear. Her first thought was that Wumsy was a fake too. That would’ve been a terrible blow. The one thing Luma still couldn’t fathom was that she was sure she had seen a red dragon earlier. It seemed too great a leap that Swali had turned his raven into a dragon. He may have been a pretty good illusionist, but not that good. Bree had another theory. Luma may well have seen the red dragon, but the real one belonged to Veldish.
He was the only dragonrider.
Chapter Twenty-Six Nearing Nebilon

When they finally came across him, he was wearing that goofy grin of a prankster making his amends. He stood there as if he had never disappeared. “Vigo, where have you been?” Luma shouted.
“It’s a long story. I can hardly believe it myself. I was chasing what I thought was a golliwog, and then I was snatched up.”
“By who?”
“At first, I didn’t know. They tossed a sack over me so I couldn’t see. I didn’t see anything the whole way there, but I heard them talking. Arguing mainly about how to get where they needed to go. They were two of Veldish’s goons. We went by horse, so it was a bumpy ride. I was held captive for a few days.”
“Did they starve you?”	
“No, but the grub they gave me was terrible.”
“You’re lucky to be in one piece.”
“Very true.”
“How did you escape?”
“That’s the crazy thing, one of them let me go. Came by one morning, not the one who snatched me, but somebody else. He had a different voice. He fought with one of the goons guarding me and let me go. I looked up at him in complete shock. He had this strange glow about him. A crazed look in his eyes, and even though I wanted to flee, I stood frozen. Thought it might be some trap. Then he got mad, told me to scram pronto, or else he’d bind my arms and legs again.”
“How bizarre. What do you make of it?”
Glanzing squinched his brows, “Seems to me there is dissension amongst the ranks. Veldish might have bitten off more than he could chew and upset one of his subjects. In a way, it kind of makes sense. He’s a dirtbag.”
“We need to capitalize on this. Now that we know there is disunity, we can take him by surprise.”
They left quickly after that, heading to Nebilon. Bree was interested in knowing about Vigo’s trek back and had many questions about the terrain. She asked the dwarf to describe any landmarks that stuck out.
When he told her, it became quite apparent that he’d been abducted and then holed up near the Kolgad’s rebuilding settlement, the very one that they had passed through and stayed over at. Vigo was right in their midst the whole time. Swali had caused the diversion so the goons could nab the dwarf. If that was the case, then the people from the settlement were involved as well.
More dirtbags. Now they’d remain alert because they would likely cross more Veldish strongholds.

***

As they neared Nebilon, the strength of magic ballooned. Even in the mildest magic city of Spore. Luma and Glanzing both perked up. A surge coursed through Luma as if she were a tuning fork, and when she imagined that image— of herself vibrating like a utensil— she giggled.
Nebilon was an amazing place, sizzling and popping with potions. A constant charge ran through it as the poof of potions, spells, and enchantments kept working its magic. Spore had an abundance of floating objects. Clouds of glittering dust, swills of glimmering glop, and swirls of other nifty stuff. Transformation, too.
A self-guided broom swept away debris from a beautiful mosaic in the main plaza. A living, breathing gargoyle perched atop a statue of Malcolm the Magnificent kept an eye on the constant buzz by clicking a handheld gizmo every time somebody new arrived into town. Near the Plaza of the Waxing Moon, a couple of quill pens kept scratching down ideas in between their monitoring the fill-level of root beer and fruit punch fountains.
Spore served as a major hub for inventors and craftsmen, perfecting their latest creations, the ones who wanted to get away from the politics of Spork and the hustle and bustle of Spawn. Word had it that there were a clutch of smart cookies in Spore, who were redefining Human Catapult Launchers, that although was still quite dangerous, was a vast improvement and much safer than the Human Cannonballers.
Many things were also accidentally getting lit on fire, so there were extinguishers everywhere you looked. Fortunately, it rained a lot in Spore, more than the other Nebilonian cities, which helped put out some of the fires. The dark clouds did make it a bit gloomy, but not as long as you deeply immersed yourself in magic or inventions.
Already smitten with the place, Luma didn’t understand why Glanzing had been in such a rush to leave. She’d always loved farming and never pictured herself doing anything else, and now that she had a chance to experience both the Isle of Pōg and Nebilon, she couldn’t imagine doing anything else but magic. So many things caught her eye, and Glanzing was having trouble keeping her focused as they walked through the marvelous city.
They all had to stop when there was a rather funny puppet show depicting none other than the Greatest Shapeshifter in the history of Nebilon, Sigmund the Wise, known to all his chums as Siggy. Many whippersnappers gathered to watch. Whippersnappers were the youngest prodigies who exhibited tremendous magical potential. Luma, although tremendously talented, was roughly eight years too old to be considered a genuine whippersnapper. Given her age and ability, she was a promising siblan. There were very few of those—and according to Zeta’s premonition— she was the one.
In the puppet show, they chose a sliver of Siggy’s life because he had lived for so long. The first non-elf ever to cross the three-hundred-year mark. Three-hundred and twenty-four years, to be exact, which of course, had been passed and surpassed many times over as great mages had learned to keep better diets, exercise more, and seek the latest advancements in modern magic and healing. By comparison, Belpatha was in her Six-hundreds.
Siggy’s puppet encountered a strange beast, the Pushme-Pullyou, which only the famous shapeshifter had met. Apparently, it was something like a two-headed yak. Siggy was moleing through an underground tunnel when he came upon a most precarious passage. Nearly out of breath, he couldn’t afford to go the wrong way, but he was not alone. He was met by this wooly beast, the Pushme-Pullyou that stood as a sentry before the bifurcating tunnels.
Lost itself, it was weeping. Siggy had to console the beast, and because he was an animal-lover, he asked the beast what was wrong. He found out that the Pushme-pullyou couldn’t decide which way to go. So Siggy’s inner sage told him this was a sign, and Siggy made the choice for both himself and the beast with the burden, and they went leftward. They escaped the dingy tunnel just in time because both passed out when they made it to the surface.
The siblan, Luma, clapped along with the whippersnappers after the puppet show ended. Vigo, too, was moved by the story, turned his head to hide his tears as the puppets took their final bow. Then it was time to move along, or else, get bogged down by all the activity in the tourist traps.
They had to keep their heads about them because there was something about that puppet show that insinuated light at the end of their tunnel. Perhaps Luma was being too positive. After all, Nebilon wasn’t all shimmering sparks and magic potions popping. Spork, in particular, was the big city, and as such, it had its share of mean streets and filth.
The party passed Duggars Alley and headed to the Bidwell Quarters, where the streets were littered with everything from animal waste to half-eaten carcasses, and crushed bones drizzling with dried marrow. And then good old dirt and slop.
One couldn’t tell a merchant from a thief. Half a dozen dirty-faced hawkers approached them with various wares. Glanzing kept his arm around Luma’s shoulder. This little technique for feigning bravery worked for him. Sometimes. Truth was, the old weatherworker was frazzled, and it had been a while since he tromped through a big city. Glanzing shooed away a few unsavory characters with an avoidance charm. It repelled most of the hagglers.
One, though, seemed immune to it and kept following them, a beggar with a wooden leg, who had a surprisingly strident gait. While Glanzing picked up the pace, trying to get his party away, Luma hung back. She seemed taken by this beggar, feeling sorrow for him. Eventually, he stopped, hunched by a corner. Something drew the acolyte to him, and though Glanzing tried to goad her away, Luma had already dug into her pocket and gave the man a coin.
“Thank you, my child,” the man said.
“Come along,” Glanzing insisted.
“Wait, I think he has something to tell us,” Luma said.
“He only wants to shake you down. He will say anything for an extra pego. Shame on you for hassling her.”
The man lured them with his finger. He stepped back to the alley, and Glanzing kept a stern eye out for thieves, who might swoop down upon them. When the man stepped closer, he began to speak in a soft tone, “I have a message from Harberk.”
The Good Enchanter scoped around to see if anybody was within ear-range. His nerves had the better of him, but since the peasant seemed earnest in sharing this news, Glanzing beckoned the man to speak swiftly.
“He came this way not long ago. He said that he knew you had been detained. By dark forces beyond your control.”
“Why would Harberk share this with you?”
“He remembered me from long ago. I had been a blacksmith before the ruin. He had been to my shop many times. They say a wizard touches many lives.”
Corny a line as it was, Glanzing knew then that this man was telling the truth. The saying was a parting gift a mage left with somebody they trusted and considered a friend, who might serve by completing a special favor.
“He is the only one I have ever known.”
“Make that two,” Luma said, tapping her mentor’s elbow.
“It is indeed my pleasure to share this vital information with you. But alas, time is fleeting.”
“Will you show us the way?” Glanzing asked.
“That is not necessary. I have this to give you.”
The man put a bracelet in Glanzing’s hand. The Good Enchanter squinted at the ancient runes scrawled across the band. Then the man left them about their business and walked off.
“It is in some ancient verse,” Glanzing quipped. “I cannot make it out.”
Bree had a go at it. It was written in the ancient elvish language. Bree read it and understood it to be a kind of counterspell. Why they should need it then was behind her reckoning?
“Could it be meant as a good luck charm?” Luma inquired.
“It seems too much trouble to go to for that,” Bree said.
Glanzing felt its smooth band and nearly mint condition. Not a scratch.
“This was recently forged. Perhaps it is one of the lost spells the archmages rescued from the old book.”
“That seems most plausible. We will guard it rigorously. It will, no doubt, come in handy.”
“It’s unlike Harberk to make such a long trip. He wasn’t even at his castle when we arrived.”
“Yes, but that was because we had to deliver the book to Pōg, and that is where he now resides.”
“Could he have been in some sort of trouble and quickly gave the bracelet to the beggar?”
Luma and Bree both took turns scrying to see if Harberk was in any peril. Neither saw it, which was a big relief, but it didn’t necessarily mean that something or somebody wasn’t waiting for them. Swali had been shadowing them, and maybe he was back on their tail. The counterspell had a purpose, and Glanzing assured them they would be fine as long as they maintained it.
Chapter Twenty-Seven Mean Streets
As they continued through the city leg of their journey, Glanzing became preoccupied with the hustle and bustle, which had not been a factor while roaming the countryside or sailing the seas. His flightiness made Luma a little uneasy. She felt his attention waning, and he also seemed bent on finding something. What, she couldn’t tell? He stopped abruptly by a busy plaza. A throng of curious characters formed a wall five layers deep. A new spring in the mage’s step, he pushed forward through the crowd to a table of Mancala players.
“This is what you dragged us to?” Bree said.
Glanzing already queued up. Quite a while since he last played a game and couldn’t pass up the chance. Some players betted for money, which Glanzing could not afford to lose. They only had enough dough for maybe a night or two at a dinky inn. After that, the pickings would be slim— they’d probably have to camp out in the filthy streets. They were far from the cushy green valleys and the sheltering groves.
Spork was a real jungle. Spore and Spawn weren’t any better. With that in mind, Glanzing could only play for fun. He would only risk his pride, not his pegos. The mage squared off against another human and made quick mincemeat of him. Then he beat a cleric. He held onto the board for another two rounds, and though Luma kept trying to get her mentor to move on, Glanzing was so enamored by winning he glommed to the table.
Bree had no other choice but to trounce the mage, so she did brilliantly. Glanzing slapped the table after he lost. He wouldn’t talk to the elf until they made it to Spork. Lucky he got it out of his system because when they got to Spork, he needed his full focus. A pack of rats came after them, chasing them through the streets. Bree fired arrows at them, but there were so many that Vigo needed to pick up the slack with his ax. They kept storming with their vicious fangs and piercing claws. Savage city rats.
Luma had enough of the dratted vermin and used a droopy spell to put them to sleep. It would knock them out for about an hour, long enough for the party to skedaddle, and it was one of the easiest spells any knave could drum up. The rats fell into an instant stupor, and Glanzing smacked his gums with delight. He hadn’t used the droopy spell in ages.
“Good thinking,” he said to his acolyte. “We should be smooth sailing from here.”
“Don’t think this gets you off the hook,” Bree said. “You zoned out. We’re lucky that Luma is quick on her toes.”
“I’d almost forgotten the spell been so long since I last used it.”
“I can’t believe you are from here. You are clearly not cut out for city life.
“You may be right there. Nonetheless, we’ve got a mission to complete. With any luck, we should be drawing near.”
“We also have to guard the bracelet now, and you drew way too much attention during your mancala game.”
“What is this, a Glanzing Roast? Let’s not forget who knows these mean streets as well as I do.”
“Then, you should listen to your own words because we want to limit the number of entanglements.”
“Personally, I could use a little more action,” Vigo said.
“Big talk for somebody we had to rescue, not more than two days ago.”
They stuck with their plan, making a point of keeping to the best-lit streets. When available. Fortunately, Spore was a rather small city, so they were back to the dirt roads before they could say golliwog. Vigo happened to say golliwog more than was appreciated, still giddy from being free again, and also because he had a craving for his favorite bird.
By the moss-laden sprawl of Jember’s Grotto, they needed to take a rest.
“Something is bugging me,” Luma said. “We still haven’t laid out our plan to retrieve the amulet.”
“We know what to do. Once we make it into Spork, I will sneak into the Grilli’s castle.
“We have the whole team now, so we should be fine as long as we work together.”
“They will get suspicious of all of us. It’s too risky if all of us go in.”
“I can handle myself.”
“Here’s the other thing,” Luma said. “You seem so sure that Veldish is going back to the Grilli’s castle, but he broke away from his order the same way you broke from the Molwats. He is more of a rogue now than ever before. He doesn’t need anybody’s back, or rather, that’s the way I perceive him.”
“She makes an excellent point,” Bree said.
“So, what is your suggestion?”
“Prepare for a contingency plan. We should scope out somebody with knowledge of these matters.”
“The mages will not be forthcoming.”
“An outsider then. Somebody who would respect our plight that is sympathetic to the elves.”
“I may have the one we are looking for, but it would require me to skulk out more mancala games.”
“Not a chance.”
“Do you have any brighter ideas?”
“I think he has us over the barrel.”

***

Naturally, there were more mancala games. To keep it running smoothly and minimize his party’s nagging and harping on the main mission, Glanzing agreed to a rotation so that they all could participate. It kept their noodles sharp and focused. Bree was the top dog, but she had a few run-ins with some impressive players. The mage assured them there was a method to the madness. Glanzing was scoping out these locales because he would likely bump into Gordon Centaur, the one the mage believed would lead them to the amulet.
After all, Gordon Centaur had initiated Glanzing’s search for Harberk, who although no longer domiciled in his namesake castle, was indeed Archmage alongside the legendary Belpatha on the Isle of Pōg. Since Harberk made sure they got the special-made bracelet containing ancient elven runes that transcribed a vital counterspell, it stood to reason to connect with Gordon Centaur and get confirmation if they were on the right track to their ultimate destination. Who else could lead them to Veldish and the amulet?
Finding the Centaur proved to be a challenging task. When they got to Spork, he was in none of his usual haunts, according to the sources Glanzing asked. This forced another deliberation between the party members since their contingency plan didn’t seem viable. Glanzing suggested they stick with the original plan and go to the House of Grilli and search for the amulet there. Bree was adamant about getting a second opinion. The trouble was finding a reliable second opinion.
“I’m not against another way,” Glanzing said for the umpteenth time. “Show me the other way, and I’ll gladly go along. Don’t you think it makes sense to rule out the Grilli before going elsewhere?”
“He does have a point,” the dwarf said. “We have nothing better to offer.”
“Except that my hunch says otherwise,” the elf replied. “Luma, what do you think? You’ve been quiet.”
“I’m listening to my inner sage, and it’s telling me to look for the door.”
“Yeah, that’s really helpful,” the mage said, spreading on a thick goop of sarcasm. “If we knew which door.”
“Can you see anything? Any marking that might reveal its location.”
“It’s dark.”
“Glanzing, lend her your magelight.”
“To her mind? How do you propose I do that?”
“Wait, there’s a creaky set of stairs leading up.”
“Good. What else do you see?”
Then it vanished from her mind. A teaser door appeared, goading her to pick it. Go on, it said. Pick a door, any door you adore. It could be behind door number one or door number two. They kept switching around, and it was beginning to make her dizzy. Then it asked her to play a game of hot or cold, and she declined. They would probably get more by asking living, breathing beings.
They passed several mages of myriad orders. Luma felt their cold stares, even when they weren’t looking her way. They kept prying into her mind, and she did her best to block it. But all that probing from so many directions was too much for the acolyte to handle. Something like the deft fingers of a gifted harpist removed a few strings from her thoughts. She couldn’t even tell what he or she stole, for it was in the abstract.
Bree had been warding off a siege on her own mind. She was too late coming to the aid of the acolyte. She snatched her quiver, eager to let loose some frustration, but it wasn’t the time to get embroiled in battle. That would happen soon enough. They were beside the Fountain of Potha, one of Nebilon’s greatest monuments from the Third Mage War. Glanzing heard a familiar voice and shuddered.
Daimjee approached his old acolyte. They were roughly the same height and build, though they were worlds apart in terms of knowledge, ability, and gray whiskers. Each held a trusty wooden staff. Daimjee struck the first blow because he had greater clout and enjoyed putting the onus on Glanzing, who was very much unnerved by the encounter since his acolyte would be forced to watch the contest. Because of the duel’s honor code, the acolyte, the elf, and the dwarf were not permitted to interfere.
Glanzing softened the ground beneath Daimjee so that his former mentor slipped into quicksand. Daimjee sneered at this and hardly sunk an inch. He dug into his pocket and blew a handful of pepper into Glanzing’s face, and this sent him into a sneezing fit. Glanzing floundered until he found a hanky to wipe the snot from his nose.
Then Daimjee struck with a ton of bricks that trapped Glanzing in a chimney. For a brutal ten minutes, the mage banged on the bricks, screamed, yelped, and whimpered but could not break free. When the master removed the chimney, the former acolyte was covered in soot. He made a feeble attempt to toss a fireball that quickly extinguished, then Daimjee turned Glanzing into a toad. It was utterly embarrassing.
Glanzing was getting crushed until Rohan the Master Binder had the good enough sense and empathy to stop it.
“You’ve made your point, Daimjee. Let it be.”
“He’s a traitor and must be punished.”
“He’s a free spirit, wild, but delicate like a dandelion. We had no business taking him on. We filled his head with too much hooey and probably did him a disservice.”
“What about the book he stole?”
“It wasn’t doing any good in our archive. It was in terrible shape and served absolutely no purpose here.”
Glanzing dunked his elbow into the soothing water from the Fountain of Potha. He did a double take when he peered at his reflection and noticed a few more of his whiskers had grayed. Vigo cheered.
“This calls for a celebration.”
“I’d rather move on and put this behind us,” Glanzing said.
“Take care Glanzing,” Rohan said. “You have an acolyte of your own now. Make sure she knows what she’s getting into.”
With those wise parting words, Luma helped her mentor, but it was a good thing he had the solid wood from the staff to give him extra oomph.

***

The duel with Daimjee was no picnic but could’ve been much worse. Still, it didn’t make the bruise to the ego any easier to handle. Magic had yet to make a balm or bandage to soothe that kind of wounded heart. But the episode did two important things. Number one, it gave the mage closure since he left the Molwats on such a bad note. Number two, Glanzing had added a few more grays to his beard, which essentially meant that not only was he getting older but wiser, too.
Next on their agenda was the door. They did some basic reconnaissance, scoping it out, and meticulously observed all the doors they passed. It was hard to tell if they were getting hotter or colder, so Luma finally agreed to play the game that the door teaser had suggested. Doors were doors, though not necessarily gates, and vice versa. They homed in on, what as far as their consensus had determined, was the paradigmatic example of a door and further narrowed it down to the materials of wood, stone, and cast iron. Much warmer.
After they hit a bit of a rut, they came across the centaur.
“Boy, are we glad to see you,” Glanzing said with a rosy glow. “We’d almost given up.”
“I beg your pardon?” the centaur said.
“We figured you could direct us to where we need to go. You did an awesome job prompting me to head to Harberk’s castle to deliver the book.”
“I did no such thing.”
Glanzing scratched his graying beard. It had been a rather long and arduous day to say nothing of the journey in general. Now he had to play games with the centaur. Would he have to beg him for help this time?
“You have me mistaken with somebody else.”
“I don’t know why you are acting this way, but we are really eager to make it to where we need to go.”
“Aren’t we all? Now, if you’d excuse me, I have guard duty to attend to.”
“Guard duty?” Luma said.
“Yes, I am the doorkeeper of The Intangibles Shop.”
“Wait, you’re a doorkeeper?”
“Yes. I haven’t had this much fanfare since pumpkin pie went on sale last Harvest Festival.”
“Forgive us if we seem out of sorts,” Luma said. “We’ve been on the most challenging quest. Well, as far as I am concerned. It’s my first one, and it’s been everything I thought it would be, and nothing at all as I thought it would be.”
“That’s nice, but if you will excuse me, duty calls.”
“I think you are the next stop on our mission. Do you mind if we tag along?”
“As long as you clear the way and keep the questions to yourself. I’m running late.”
They followed the centaur and didn’t haggle him anymore, but it seemed like Glanzing wanted to take a long nap, and frankly, he probably needed one. Bree kept her composure, making sure Vigo didn’t get lost again.
After a short trot, the centaur stopped at what seemed like a bland mercantile shop. He tossed on a silly-looking vermillion vest and took his position out front.
“What exactly is this place?”
“My job.”
“Yes, but what type of store is it?”
“Your typical intangibles depot. Nothing special.”
“Mind if we take a look?”
“Sure. No skin off my flank.”
They entered, and it quickly became apparent that they had slipped into a most curious place, one oozing with a mystical aura. You could fill bottles with it if you could find a stopper and assuming you could handle the unbridled inertia. It was no shop, in the ordinary sense, though it had lots of stuff, a realm unto itself. Walk a few steps, and you were practically in a different microclimate. Objects from antiquity, hovering. Others spinning counterclockwise or doing cartwheels. Magic carpets, burbling bubbles, and then there was a whirring sound, not unlike a pinwheel, leading them to the far corner, where they met another centaur.
“Gordon, is that you?” Glanzing said with puzzlement.
“Who else would it be?”
“What is going on here? Aren’t you outside guarding the place?”
“That’s my nephew Gulliver. He’s a good kid but lacks direction. I gave him the gig.”
“So, is this where we need to be?”
“Ask your acolyte.”
Luma closed her eyes for a moment, and when she opened them, a trapdoor unlatched itself and from it materialized an incredible swoop of stuff. Vats, barrels, books, puzzles, pendulums, and jars flit toward them. The shop was a mad cross between a chemistry lab and an interactive archive, but much more surreal.
“Your all-purpose intangibles supply shop,” Gordon said, dusting off a fancy samovar.
Besides botas, ropes, and hunting knives, there were potions that coughed up the perfect white lies, sleeping pills to get over anxiety, tea leaves that told your fortune, self-binding manacles, charms to break from manacles, tornado shields, hail-proof umbrellas, vests that were resistant to fire-breathing dragons that lasted for up to three hours. There were magic swords, water-squirting carnations, and bracelets that could turn its wearers invisible. There was so much awesome stuff that Luma pictured herself in various scenarios, fighting off dragons, sneaking up on griffins, and busting out of dungeons.
They had the whole place to themselves. Must’ve been one of those word-of-mouth joints only the cognoscenti and the elite got to visit? It had to be because if everybody knew about it, then any mope under the sun could wield magic like a real mage.
“Everything looks so awesome I don’t know where to begin,” Luma said.
“Nothing is for sale,” Gordon said. “You rent. Sink into simulation. You test it out and see if a particular gadget, skill, or bit of magic suits your personality and need. And if you can handle it.”
“What if I just steal this fire-resistant vest?” Vigo said.
No sooner did he try, and the manacles came to the vest’s aid locking up the knuckleheaded dwarf. Vigo struggled fiercely but couldn’t get loose.
“Gives the aspiring mage a chance to test himself before tangling in a deadly situation.”
“So, is that what we are doing here?” Glanzing said.
“I don’t think so,” Luma said. “I think Gordon is going to lead us to the amulet.”
“Not lead. Point you in the direction. Come over here.”
They went over to a crystal ball and saw Veldish wearing the amulet.
“Of course,” Bree said. “Got to love technology.”
“But even Wamat and the Tepple Chief both described the gray mage wearing the amulet.”
“Now we’re zeroing in on the dirtbag,” Glanzing concluded.
When they peered back into the crystal ball, Veldish’s face seemed fuzzier, but his surroundings became increasingly clearer. A vast mountain stood in the background with steam rising from the top, a red rim with something oozing out.
“Mount Vulpine. Just behind Spawn’s outer rim. He’s in the volcanic valley.”
“That’s not so far from here. But what is he up to?”
“It appears he’s meddling with the delicate underpinnings to break the volcano from its slumber.”
“He’s doing what?”
“That dirtbag is going to make the volcano erupt.”
“That’s impossible or nearly so,” Glanzing said. “That volcano is supposed to be dormant. It’s been sleeping for hundreds of years. Has he enough power to make it erupt?”
“I would not take the chance,” Gordon said.
“How can you just stand there and say it so flatly? Don’t you feel compelled to stop him?”
“That is your mission,” Gordon said. “You have the means and mind power to do it. I have my own affairs to keep in order.”
“So, what are we waiting for?” Luma said proudly and was the first one to lead the party. Vigo followed closely beside her, clutching his ax. The mage and the elf brought up the rear. They seemed to be commiserating over the impending battle, one that would likely be their most treacherous.

***

“It’s a big relief knowing that we’re on the right track to get back the amulet, but it’s not going to be a piece of cake. Veldish is not going to hand it over.”
“Of course not. I was thinking the same thing. It’ll be extremely difficult to confront him head-on. We are better off catching him by surprise.”
“How do you propose we do that?”
“I’m not sure yet, but we might create a diversion, so he is unable to devote his full attention. We have him outnumbered. That works in our favor.”
“Assuming that he is. Remember, he has Swali. That would make it two to one.”
“So the odds are still in our favor.”
“We still don’t know the full extent of his strength. He is said to be exceptionally powerful on his own. With the amulet and an acolyte that could make him nearly invincible.”
“We still need to confront him. The balance of power is at stake. Giving into Veldish now will only bring pain and suffering.”
“I would be more comfortable if we had better odds. Maybe an army to back us up. Sir Egron comes to mind, and what about Sir Gareth’s men.”
“They are well beyond our reach and have their own battles.”
“They were building their alliance and heading toward Nebilon. They would be receptive to our plight.”
“Maybe so, but even with their might, they have no magic. Also, we would have to track them down, and taking that time to find them will keep us from taking Veldish by surprise. He will see the army coming, and then we will be facing him head-on.”
“I would feel more confident with an army behind us. Who is with me on this?”
They were divided over this issue but wanted the best chance at defeating Veldish. Eventually, they decided to leave it to chance. They could not afford any more detours, but they could keep their eyes peeled for viable soldiers, heroes on the hills— any able bodies. If they met anybody along the way, they would earnestly try to enlist them to their cause.
Onward they marched to Mount Vulpine. The midday sun beamed through the trees, and the road ahead rolled onto the horizon. No sign of hoof or boot prints. Due east smoke. Possibly from a campfire. They followed it, hoping to find soldiers the way they had when Sheldon was with them. Always good to have a shade on your side. Now there was nobody who could get by undetected. All were visible. Their best bet for spying was Bree. Elves had the lightest footfalls. Not to mention, she was armed with a quiver.
At the campsite, there wasn’t even a crackling ember. The smoke had nearly dissipated, but whoever had been there recently left. It was worth following the trail. There were hoof prints, so whoever had camped there had come by horse. Since they were trekking on foot, they would have a lot of ground to cover. After a while, the trail disappeared as if it had all been in their imagination. Or a clever ruse. The scorched path had no visible tracks, but that didn’t mean anything. The wind often made its own mischief, blowing dust and pebbles over markings, which is why the greatest voyagers used the sun and the moon and the constellations as their gauge for travel. Luma’s throat was parched, and she grabbed a swig from her bota. The sweet water warm but delicious. Soon they would all need a refill, for the sun was hot, baking them the whole shadeless way. It wore them down, making them sluggish and sleepy. The elf listened for the sound of a stream or a babbling brook. None seemed near enough, though she goaded them onward. Crossing a rocky bend some dirt and debris came tumbling down. Glanzing dug in his heels, waiting a moment to gather his bearings. An unsettling stillness ensued, and the crew walked gingerly ahead.
From out of nowhere, a chimera sprung forth. Its mane whipped with the wind, and it bared its menacing teeth. Its dark eyes gleamed as it stared at the mage. Glanzing danced backward, holding his staff out to ward off his attacker. The chimera roared, kicking up pebbles in its fury. 
“Stay back,” Glanzing warned, his voice creaking with nerves. He waved the staff like a sword, and the beast kept clawing at him, one wrong move, and the chimera would chomp the staff, and possibly, the mage along with it. The mage tried to get the dwarf’s attention, but Vigo trembled as anything lion frightened him. The chimera was new to him. Its musky scent and ferocious roar awakened a new level of fear.
“Go for the neck,” Glanzing implored. “That’s its weak spot.”
Bree had already anticipated the mage’s plea, dipped into her quiver, letting loose an arrow, and was right on the mark. The crew held their ground briefly until the goathead on the chimera’s back tried to tweeze out the tip of the arrow. Nothing seemed to faze it. The elf notched a second arrow, fired it off, hitting it in almost the same spot. This sent the chimera in a tizzy, forcing the troop to enter retreating mode.
Glanzing couldn’t muster a binding spell. If only Rohan was along with them. The lion part stayed on the offensive and kept driving them back. Luma stepped to the side made eye contact with the goat part of the beast. She had always had an affinity with goats, had raised them along with Aunt Paula her whole childhood. She spoke with it the way she did with her friend Parvu, and the goathead seemed to be listening to her. Luma made a peaceful sign with her hand, got closer to it.
“Easy now,” Luma kept saying. With sweat dripping from her face and her heart beating, she made it close enough to pet its soft fur. Then it spun around, snapping its serpentine tail. A vicious scaly whip that would really smart on impact. Could knock out a tooth or eyeball. Luma had a delicate situation on her hands. Veer too far up, and she’d get mauled by the lion. Fall behind, and she’d get whipped by the serpent. She was fast on her feet, shuffling vigorously to stay by the flank of the beast or else suffer from its wrath. The two heads turning in on each other snarled and sneered. The goat landed a nasty head-butt, and the lion roared in pain. Stunned for a moment, this would’ve permitted them to get away, but Luma felt bad for the goat, feared for its life.
She wouldn’t let the lionhead destroy the goat, so she used her soothing tone to quell them both. Eventually, she managed to get both sides to back off each other and them. The chimera proffered an enigmatic grin, not unlike the sphinx when it let the group pass by. Luma got dewy-eyed because she missed her goats back in Snupplebreeze.
Another close one. Glanzing sighed in relief, told Luma he was proud of her. She looked up at him, amazed to see some more gray hairs on his beard. This wasn’t so hard to comprehend since they had survived another grueling ordeal. All they needed to do was stop an avalanche and slay a dragon, and Glanzing would have himself a full gray beard.
Chapter Twenty-Eight Mount Vulpine Wakes Up
They had no luck enlisting the services of a valiant army. They did not even have the good fortune of adding a few more able bodies to their party. Mount Vulpine was already within their midst, and they could not turn back. The ashen sky lurched across the sloping hills while plumes of smoke rose above the angry volcano. Better to run and take cover. Not the heroic answer but, clearly, the sensible thing to do, though this was not in their cards. They had a duty to uphold, and they raced toward it.
From the cliffs to the valley gorges, a dark and brooding apparition emerged; it rent the broadscape of the volcanic realm with its haughty air, proffering unmatched defiance that had not surfaced in those parts for some time. Snakes slithered, and other scaly creatures scattered behind their shadows.
So this is what all the dress rehearsal had led up to. No trumpets, no kazoos, no fanfare whatsoever, only the lugubrious ooze of molten hot lava, spewing forth, and the inscrutable Veldish, standing blithely in the foreground. They still had not caught a glimpse of his face, but his bold presence stirred. His evil vibe, spreading in the torrid flow, like a giant burbling hot pot of pasta with too much garlic.
His acolyte, lurking behind the shadows, came forward, the Gomian, Swali. He bowed his head to his master, and Veldish spoke the ill-begotten words of Ancient Grilli. Then a bright orange flame flashed above the volcano, flickering until it shot out, an unstoppable gush of lava flowing down into hideous angles popping and hissing. Swali had nowhere to go as the flames spread. Caught in the backdraft, the Gomian let out a terrible scream, for he was burning.
Luma saw the horrific sight, the rust-orange flecks sizzling and simmering. A fiery spool, swirling and spreading out in every direction. The bright orange, a stark contrast to the dreary smoke billowing above. Luma stood in maudlin awe as the devastation unfurled. The terror hadn’t quite hit, yet her eyes were glued to the burbling spools of smoldering lava, gobbling everything in sight. They had to keep a safe distance, or they, too, would be immolated like Swali. A delicate dance required. The party moved carefully. The elf beside Luma and the mage ahead of the dwarf. As Luma turned, she caught her first glimpse of the amulet, glimmering under the shooting embers. Amazing how beautiful it looked, even as it dangled from the evil Veldish’s sweaty neck. A devious glow off his fiery cheeks. Luma wondered what Bree must have been thinking with the amulet so near. The elf stood firm, staring with cold eyes at the dark mage but did not budge, appeared engaged in a kind of meditation.
Glanzing released a charm that had no effect. The billowing smoke seemed to laugh at him, its echo heard throughout the valley. The lava continued to gush, spilling in runnels down the volcano. Luma turned to Glanzing, but the Good Enchanter appeared to be stunned by the demonic power of the volcano. A massive flame shot forth, a giant torch. It closed in on them, its purpose single-minded, flames flickering and shooting like sparks from smelted iron.
“Are those limbs?” Luma asked.
Glanzing looked terrified, Vigo shook with fear. Only Luma and Bree could bear to stare at the fuming Giant. His eyes looked quite familiar. There was a smirk to his flaming lips. So odd, but she was sure she’d seen him before. Of course! It was Swali, repurposed into a Fire Giant and at the full disposal of Veldish’s wrath.
“It can’t be,” Glanzing said with a shudder.
Swali, the Fire Giant lurched forth, legs thick as flaming oaks, a burning tower for a torso, and a fiery boulder for a head. The volcano was only the beginning of their worries. The Fire Giant got closer, and Glanzing held his staff with caution. He had swept away storms, dammed back floods, and spawned winds out of thin air, but he had never contended with a volcanic eruption, much less one that had its own Fire Giant.
Glanzing tried with all his might, and his charms did nothing. He searched his pockets for a potion. The first one set off a weak pop. The other spawned a rainbow with a small pot of gold. A lot of good that gold would do them now. A frenzy of phrases and words in the Ancient Molwatian came to him, mostly curses, but each time he uttered something, there was a short pause as if a magical ear perked up, was cocked and ready to thwart the flaming havoc. Then came a fizzle and splat. Nothing stopped the gushing lava nor the smoldering Swali.
The Flaming Giant kept hurling fireballs, and Glanzing reluctantly held his ground, but his knees were buckling. Finally, the Good Enchanter spent his energy, fell to the ground. Luma let out a cry for her mentor, but he seemed doomed. Splayed out on the crumply earth, she continued to prod him, hoping he’d waken. Not a stir. His head drooped to the side. A few paces behind, the dwarf shook like a leaf, and his face waxed over with panic. Luma had no other choice but to plumb deep within herself and hold back the gushing lava long enough to save her mentor. His body was too big and cumbersome to lift, even with Vigo’s help.
The sizzling lava smothered everything in its way. The town on the plateau already torched. The village below would be next. Luma chanted a few words she recalled reading from Glanzing’s book, but her head was such a jumble, she was unsure of the precise ordering of the words to unleash the charm. Not to mention, she didn’t fully understand its meaning, so her inflection and sentiment came out flat. She tried to tap into her grandfather’s trove of spells and enchantments, for he had been a dragonlord and had to contend with torching. After all, he stopped the malicious Thrake from stealing the Sacred Horn of Cor? She didn’t know, for sure, how to reach him, and his spirit was not responding to her call.
Luma sought other ways, but the sizzling Swali spawned another fireball and chucked it at her. She ducked, or else she would’ve been torched. The fireball tumbled past, its ferocious flames scorching a tree.
Something occurred to her then. Off in the distance, the storm she had stalled pushing westward that had flooded Pepperdale was looping back. She had to lure it pronto. It was the only way. Even if she did, it was too far off. She worked some enchantments but only came up with a drizzle. She needed rain, a downpour. That could buy her some time to save Glanzing, Vigo, Bree, and herself.
Luma concentrated on the eye of the storm. She felt its wetness, like cool lake water on her flushed cheeks. As she focused with all her might to seize the eye of the storm, she almost felt it with the tips of her fingers then chanted some more ancient words, the ones she heard Glanzing utter when they first came upon the storm. The drops grew bigger. Still not enough. If only she had her own staff. Luma went over to Glanzing and said, “Forgive me, mentor, but this is the only way.”
She never used a staff before and was unsure of the efficacy of this procedure, but this was an act of desperation. The wizard’s staff made especially for the wizard and needed time to get used to its new owner. This exchange wasn’t even sanctioned the way Meldor’s staff had passed on to Glanzing. What were those words?
When Luma found the wherewithal to approach Glanzing and take his staff, she grabbed it, but it was impossible to wrench from his hand. He held it tenaciously as if his life depended on it. Luma tugged with both arms. It simply wouldn't budge. Vigo helped. Nothing. Bree was still deep in her state of meditation. She hoped that this would turn the tides, but the acolyte wasn’t going to count on it. She needed immediate action. Glanzing's left eye peeled open. He put out his free hand to shield the flaming blare of the Fire Giant. He spoke in a hush. Luma leaned over. Glanzing appeared eager to release the staff, but a tremendous fear or a dark spell prevented him from doing so.
Luma recalled something Belpatha said about not underestimating the powers of illusion or the semblance of illusion. The platoon of wugwumps came to mind. She couldn’t shake it, but what good would it do for her now? Did she want to bite back at Swali with a bitter touch of irony? That seemed ridiculous.
She looked over at her mentor, and a spark went off in her head. She dug inside her cloak to gather Wumsy. Luma knew how scared he was tucked away, but it was worth a shot. She tickled underneath Wumsy’s chin, and the wugwump bared its claws, fearing for its life. She placed her pet before Glanzing, and her mentor let go of the staff briefly to hug the wugwump. Luma seized the moment, snatched the staff. With the staff in her firm grasp, she swept the air, luring the storm to her. The charging Fire Giant kept tromping, hurling fireballs.
Soon the rain poured. An enormous gray cloud followed by plenty of reinforcement. A fleet of cloudsplitters wheeled by, and the storm surged. The Fire Giant got drenched. It didn't take long for Swali to dissipate. A sizzle of smoke wafted around him, a puddle left behind, where once were flaming feet.
Before long, the puddle pooled into a lake. Floodwater gushed, swilling into the flowing lava. Glanzing had finally gotten to his feet, and Luma was ready to hand the staff back to him, but he declined it, put the wugwump inside his cloak to shield him from the rain. Wumsy curled up, poking his head out from underneath the mage’s cloak. Glanzing pat its chin and watched as the last of Swali’s flames faded into water, flowed away with the stream.
As soon as they left behind the swill that once was Swali, they had to face Veldish. He was no more than eight feet away from them, but it was hard to take that first step, even though they had him outnumbered. The dark mage exuded a chilling air, even on the side of a burbling volcano. He was that fearsome. When confronted by Veldish, they stood in fright. Bree had broken from her meditative state, returned with full zeal to the imperative task. The sacred amulet, dangling before her and her ponderous eyes fixed on the family legacy. The desire to snatch it off Veldish’s neck must have been incredible, but the retrieval required meticulous focus and perfect timing. So simple, yet so intricately tricky and nearly impossible to do. The dark mage snickered, dared them to take it by force. Not surprisingly, Vigo was the first to get suckered in, pursuing it valiantly to wipe off the smug grin on Veldish’s ugly face. Veldish tossed the dwarf ten feet simply by raising his palm.
Next up was Glanzing, who squared off with his foe, using the very same fistful of pepper in the face that Daimjee used on him. While it stunned Veldish for a moment, it did not throw him into a sneezing fit. Veldish punished the mage by sweeping his leg out from under him and tossing a rope onto his chest that suddenly morphed into a snake. This made Glanzing hysterical. It was no illusion but an actual slithering snake, so Veldish clearly had the power of transformation. Luma and Bree quickly came forth to remove the snake and tossed it into the shooting embers.
Then Luma probed Veldish’s mind, searching for a weak spot. She found it filled with slime, gunk and goop, and many deceptions slipping and slithering. Then she saw a bronze key dangling from a chain. It beckoned for her in a warbly tone, and she followed it. As the key jiggled, he groped for it. First, it was too high, then too low, though she kept reaching until she finally lunged, and a goblin gobbled it up. After that, Luma was hurled from the dark mage’s mind and tumbled to the ground. She rolled onto her side with her head between her knees because it was pounding.
Bree pushed forward, engaged with the dark mage. The elf dipped into her quiver, fired a warning shot. Veldish grabbed the arrow and turned it into a basilisk. Another dazzling yet horrific transformation. Nobody wanted to mess with one of those, and it spun around and chased the elf, who had to keep firing off arrows to keep the tiny dragon off her tail.
Glanzing went over to his addled acolyte, hunched over on the ground. He had no other choice, took back his staff, and raised it up, trying to place Veldish into a binding spell, but his nemesis was too strong, bursting through his feeble grip. One by one, they were knocked about by Veldish until they finally wizened up and pooled their strength together. This was the only way to stultify the dark mage.
The pooled magic was greater than any one of them, forging a mighty force that released a tremendous surge, and it sizzled out of Glanzing’s staff, Bree’s fingers, and Luma’s shimmering eyes. A vibrant beam of vermillion light zapped Veldish, sending him into a stupor. A glaze waxed over his eyes, and he stumbled back. Bree seized the moment and sprung forward to the dark mage. She groped for but missed the amulet. Veldish dodged to the side. He appeared woozy, although he was still standing, and Luma kept pushing herself, focusing with all of her might, she spent herself, and then the pooling power was left to Glanzing and Bree, and it was not enough.
Veldish shoved the good enchanter aside and stared directly at the elf. It was only the two of them then, and Bree stared back with cold, hard eyes. She only had one trick left, and she wasn’t even sure it would work. It wasn’t up her sleeve, it was right on her wrist, and she trembled as she removed the bracelet that Harberk had given. She turned it over and began to read the ancient runes aloud. Once. Twice.
Upon the third chant, a purple pillow materialized. It had a golden trimming of tiny beads, decoratively woven around its edges, and on top perched a white glove. It floated over to the dark mage, hovered by his chin. Veldish bared his nasty teeth. He sneered at this jest, swat at the purple pillow, but missed. Then it adjusted its position, and the white glove came off. The fingers tingled and taunted the dark mage, and Veldish swung again and missed, but not the white glove. It smote Veldish across the right cheek, then whacked the left one for good measure. Veldish was so befuddled he had no idea what was going on, and then the white glove, carefully and elegantly, removed the amulet from around his neck and gingerly placed it down on the purple pillow. Then the white glove snapped its thumb and middle finger, and the amulet sailed over to Bree’s trusty hands. The elf put the family’s heirloom around her neck, and her aura increased one-thousand-fold. She was impeccably regal.
The glow from Veldish had all but dissipated. He seemed smaller and less imposing. He even had a hunch and a slight limp. He made no effort to steal back the amulet and shambled down the slope until he was met by the red dragon. The beast let out a terrible groan as it swooped down to scoop up its rider. Veldish climbed aboard and flew off. The party peered at the incredible sight, rising in the sky as it trailed off into a blur. And just like that, the nasty ordeal was over. Luma let out a huge sigh of relief and smiled at Glanzing.
Bree turned to her companions and shared a few words of gratitude. “This was quite a finish we had. I owe you all a big thanks. My family is eternally grateful. You will never be forgotten.”
“Thanks to Harberk, especially,” Luma said. “That bracelet saved the day. How did you finally know when to use it? Did you know what it would do?”
“I did, but much later than I had wanted. From the beginning, I knew there was a magic glove. I thought it was supposed to slip on my hand. I thought it might even turn me invisible. That was a bit of a surprise. We elves tend to be quite chivalrous, even when it comes to battle. As I was meditating, I couldn’t seem to reconcile when to go for the bracelet. I didn’t want to put it on too soon, but I knew that I was supposed to use it to get back the amulet that is when I could see it in plain sight. After our combined magic began to wane, I knew I had to chant the ancient charm on the bracelet.”
“We didn’t mention it before, but that bracelet was recently forged. Probably by the peasant who delivered it to us,” Glanzing said.
“You are right, but what was inscribed on it were still ancient words. Harberk chose them carefully, figured that you would enjoy watching Veldish get slapped silly.”
“Nothing better in my book. Only wish I had chosen it myself.”
“We all had a hand in this one. That’s how we pulled it off. Vigo, what’s the matter? You look out of sorts. You should be higher than a kite after what we accomplished.”
“Wish I had a crack at that dragon.”
Glanzing had himself a hearty laugh. “King Virgil would be mighty proud to hear you say that.”
After Bree finished extending her congratulations, Glanzing took a moment to honor Luma. “You are no longer an acolyte,” he said.
“I’m not.”
“No. You are a full-fledged mage. And this belongs to you now.”
“But this is your staff.”
“And now it is yours. It obeys your command, and when you held it, you thwarted the Fire Giant.” 
“I had you there by my side.”
“Fiddlesticks. I had you by my side. You made me a better mentor. And I am so thrilled to have had the chance to share this quest with you.”
“But what about Veldish?” Luma said.
“What about him?”
“Won’t we have to go after him?”
“As long as the balance of power has been realigned, and Nebilon is still standing, we will be okay,” Glanzing assured. Then he whipped out a bag of jerky and shared it with his friends. Even Wumsy. It would be a long way back, and they had many stops to make. There was Pōg, the Venerable House of Borgstrum, Snupplebreeze, and, finally, Respina, where the amulet belonged. Glanzing had determined to keep away from Nebilon for as long as he could, even if it meant finding a new source for his root beer and jerky.


###

Thanks for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!
John Gorman

About The Author
John’s stories have appeared in over 50 journals worldwide. He is the creator of the Nebilon Series. He is the author of the novels The Acolyte And The Amulet, Quest For The Hope Box, Beyond The Vicious Vortex, From Here To Burmidia, Shades of Luz, and Disposable Heroes. Currently, he is working on the fourth book of his Nebilon Series. John lives in Astoria, NY with his wife and daughter. He earned his MFA in Creative Writing at Pacific University in Forest Grove, Oregon. When he’s not writing, he enjoys reading Silver and Bronze Age comics. He’s also an avid action figure collector.

Follow Me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/johngorman12/
Follow Me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Wonderboy33
Special Preview of Book Two- Quest For The Hope Box
Harberk’s Hat

The Archmage walked briskly along the cobblestones with a certain swag in his step. A nice clop too, pity he didn’t notice it.
How could he? There was too much gunk in his head, and it kept him from thinking clearly. Usually, he loped at a ponderous pace, but with urgent business, on the brain, he stepped lively, probably trying to make better sense of things. It all happened so fast and unexpectedly.
Recently ordained as Head of the Council of Mages, Harberk’s head was in the clouds during the official vote. He didn’t even hear his name go around as a nominee.
He seldom bothered going to the meetings since it required the drudgery of traveling into Spork, eating cucumber sandwiches, and engaging in lots of insipid small talk. He only showed up because he was under the mistaken impression that all of the attendees would receive a limited edition replica of the Fountain of Potha, the crown jewel of Spork’s public works, what some considered the epitome of the Revival Period. Bronze or pewter wouldn’t make any difference to him, he’d even take one made from balsam wood. He pictured its lovely shape on his mantle. He was grumbling his grievance to another fellow high-ranker when the Exalted Speaker asked if anybody had any objections to Harberk as a nominee.
When the hall stood to applaud for the Archmage, Harberk marched to the podium, expecting a change of heart, believing he was collecting his limited edition replica of the Fountain of Potha. When reality had settled in, on the esteemed Mender, and his eager electorate shouted, “Speech, speech” did he say a few words— only a few words, then he left the podium, abruptly.
He was making a break for it now, on his way back to the castle for the long weekend, mainly to get away from all the hoopla. He figured he needed some space to mull properly since he would determine the fate of food trucks, teetertotters, spiral staircases, carrier pigeons, and by golly— magic.
He hadn’t even had the chance to drop his bags when Benny, his doorkeeper/butler, cornered him by the coatrack. Usually, he had sense enough not to bug Harberk until the Archmage was seated comfortably, and sipping a hot cup of tea. Benny’s long-drawn eyes and sunken cheeks would make a scarecrow seem chunky and chipper. His gloom was often exaggerated, but he meant well. This time his message was muddled. A jigsaw puzzle heaped in a sandpit. Harberk was scratching his head, trying to figure it out because it was so odd.
What would the Archmage want with a giant blue egg unless it was scrambled? It was just like Benny to pester him with such nonsense when all he wanted was to have a respite, a big hunk of crumb cake, and a pot of tea. There wasn’t even time to find his slippers when the horn was blown. Benny rushed off to see who was at the door. Harberk had a funny feeling he would regret coming back to the castle for the long weekend, and when Benny returned with a dapper young fellow in tow, the Archmage had nowhere to hide. An illusion or a blending spell could turn Harberk into a fly or a vase of tulips. Resorting to such trickery was tacky, but it would save him from unbearable small talk.
“Lyle Poms, the hat-maker, is here to take your measurements,” Benny the Butler announced. Harberk was aghast. A nasty itch got under his collar, snuck down to the small of his back. His mouth was dry as an old loofah brush, and he had no other choice, but to greet his guest.
It was his own fault. Harberk left Spork in such a hurry he neglected to complete his first ritual activity. The biggie. He hadn’t bothered to try on the hat that went along with the top post. Something about donning the pointy thing smacked of pomposity, struck him as being a poser. This made him a maverick among mages though it wasn’t likely to get him reelected, not that he even wanted the burden in the first place.
Still, he couldn’t very well dismiss the esteemed designer, who came out of his way to Fram for this special fitting. He was reputed for being the hat-maker to Nebilon’s rich and famous. They coined a very special phrase in his honor, a variation on the “cat’s pajamas” compliment. They dubbed him the “scratching post.” He’d branched out from a notorious sweatshop in the seedy part of town and opened his practice in the swanky, Gossamer Row, launching his custom-made line. He earned his keep and his penthouse perch, which offered him a spectacular view of the Bridge of the Infinite Unknown. The elites of Spork and Spawn were sporting derby hats, bowlers, trilbys, pork pies, and even a few fezes.
Now maybe wizards and warlocks couldn’t be so fashion-forward, but that didn’t mean they didn’t deserve a little style. A touch of panache. Of course, there were fairly tight parameters regarding their attire, shaped by centuries of tradition whereby the cone became the zenith of wizardry. A timeless style that left little room for improvement. Nobody ever really considered the importance of how the gnarly staff stacked up against the goofy hat, when in fact, the staff was what really wielded the magic, but that is the subject for another chapter.
Hats were merely decorations. Their practicality only came into play with inclement weather or when passing mischievous birds, but as far as mages were concerned, they were also part of a tradition. Thumbing one’s nose at that tradition could lead to all kinds of complications, and Harberk’s life had gotten way too complicated, way too fast. It was about to get hairier.
A custom-fitting was part of the ritual the new Head of the Council of Mages had to endure. Frankly, it was better than listening to the Molwats and Bulgogi bickering about Rimaldi’s Rules of Order, which they pretty much ignored anyway, and it was also much better than slumping behind a wobbly podium and lecturing about the importance of using proper inflection when delivering incantations.
Lyle Poms wore a distinguished homburg with a periwinkle feather, pluming from the sideband. A little foppish, to be sure, but clearly, this guy had panache. He was lithe as a string bean, demure and well-tanned, and he stood with the gallant posture of a principal dancer from a major Ballet House. He exuded an air of sophistication or was it a whiff of patchouli. It made the Archmage break from his own slouch. By his side, he held a weathered brown leather valise. Maybe a family heirloom. He waited by the mantle with a gleam in his eye.
Harberk had to let him take his measurements, and discuss whatever style preferences he might have. Calling off the fitting was tantamount to spitting at a statue of Malcolm the Magnificent or sporting lederhosen and a pair of flip flops to a formal dance.
They held the fitting in the study. The hat-maker unlatched his precious valise and took out a tape measure and a nub of white chalk. He made a sharp double clap that seized Harberk’s attention then produced a sample book. A well-curated compendium of sample material, offering a dazzling array of hues: Lapis lazuli, mauve, magenta, vermillion, crimson, cornflower, peppermint, periwinkle, plum, bubble gum pink, obsidian, carmine, currant, carnelian, cerise, huckleberry, and of course, cerulean.
Some had different textures as well. Sleek, crumpled cool, classic cush, forever fuzzy, old school scratchy, rough-hewn reptile, shaggy monkey, sassy swan, luxurious loofah, dragon-hide, eagle feather, and stonewashed denim. Some of them felt really good, surprisingly so, and the Archmage found himself alternating between shaggy monkey and luxurious loofah.
“My three distinct material preferences are rayon, velour, and leather. You can pick your poison later,” the hat-maker said in a smarmier voice than the Archmage had anticipated. “It can all seem a bit overwhelming. That’s what I’m here for. To take the stress out of this impetus. I call it my sense and sensibility approach. We’ll find your perfect hue and align it to the perfect texture. Okay. Let it stew for a while.”
With meticulous care, he wrapped the measuring tape around Harberk’s forehead.
“Seven and a quarter. Definitely in the sweet spot for brainy types.”
Poms dug into his valise and filched out a humorless, taupe-colored hat with a saggy tip. He pursed his lips and reached in again, rummaging through his goody bag, but only had the one hat. After a deep sigh, he placed the sample on the Archmage’s head then adjusted it so that it would tilt smartly. The tip dipping like a fishhook.
“Now, bear in mind, this is only a test-run. You will get to choose the color and the fabric,” the hat-maker said, holding up a silver-framed mirror. “So. What do you think?”
Harberk made a sourpuss and pulled back. It was too much to digest. First, getting roped into the tedious Mage Council. Now, this. He used all his calming powers to stay cool and collected. There was no sense in making a big stink over this, much as he wanted to. He’d take a hat, any hat. He’d only have to wear it at Council meetings.
He peered out at his bookshelves, imagining all those worn and wrinkled spines were the other high-ranking mages spread out before him. A pantheon of prima donnas, quidnuncs, and blowhards. He heard grumbling and groaning and even a few snickers at the cheesy cone of taupe on his head.
“How about charcoal gray? Can you whip up something in that shade?”
The hat-maker winced. The very thought seemed to go against his very beliefs.
“If that’s what you desire. Personally, I’d love to see you in lapis lazuli or maybe even carmine.”
“Nah. Charcoal gray is the one for me. If that works?”
All the enthusiasm had left the delicate artist in one fell swoop. He let out a huff of chagrin and seemed to require the ballast of a ballet barre to hold him up. He rested an open palm upon his right breast and nodded gravely. Then he grabbed his valise and thanked the Archmage for taking up his time.
Harberk was ready for a hot bath or a nice nap when Benny whisked back into the room. His dire expression hadn’t lost a wrinkle. He cupped a hand to Harberk’s ear and spoke softly.
“What egg?” the Archmage bemoaned. “Why are you bothering me with such nonsense?”
He hadn’t a clue what had happened since he was away, and now he was in the thick of it. He frowned at his doorkeeper/butler, but he knew if he didn’t get to the bottom of this pretty soon, he was going to be pulling out all his hair, and then he would really need that long, pointy wizard hat. Maybe even two of them.

