The Rena Files
By Lyza Ledo
Copyright 2012 Lyza Ledo
Smashwords Edition

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Special Thanks to PWL Editing for the great job!
LL
Chapter 1: Do You Really?
Do you really want to know me? Really? Because this story isn’t simple. It was kind of a mess that just grew into something I couldn’t attempt to handle. Well, if you really want to know…let’s start with me. My name is Rena Solis. I am sixteen years old and a junior at Walterville High School. Walterville is one of the many suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
Well I am not some superhuman or anything interesting like that. I’m barely noticed but my parents, that’s something different. My parents happen to be pretty amazing; you may or may not have heard of them though. Rebecca and Richard Solis are two of the best detectives in the country. With that, my parents happen to be away a lot since they began doing consultations in serious cases with government agencies and various police departments about four years ago. My parents are great even though they are not always around, and aren’t always up with the latest in Walterville High. They care and I probably talk to them every day no matter what. 
When they are not around though I always have Aunt Krystal, she’s my mother’s younger sister by 15 years. Krystal is thirty and since she is always with me she hasn’t exactly settled down yet. She is a nurse and seriously one of the kindest women I’ll ever know. 
I think I’m losing my train of thought maybe I should tell you a bit about Walterville High, where the story actually takes place.
Walterville High School has 1700 students. Yes, our school is in the thousands. Now I’m not going to pretend that I know all 1700 people in the school, and I am worshipped or whatever. I will tell you how it really is, no lies needed. The week of importance was in the first week of April. The Junior Dance was at the end of the week and Caitlin was trying to persuade me into finding a date. 

“Ren? Are you listening to me?” Cait said after her boyfriend Josh grabbed their trash and headed to the football table. 
I rolled my eyes, “what is wrong with wanting to go alone?” I asked, for the last month Caitlin has made it her mission to try and find me a date for the Junior Prom, and frankly I wasn’t interested. There was no one I wanted to go with… at least that she knew about. 
David looked over at us, “can we not have this conversation again?”
 “Yeah I’m with Dave on this one” I said stirring the remaining mashed potatoes on my tray around, avoiding Caitlin’s glare.
 “Dave, you could solve this whole problem if you just went to the dance” Caitlin said turning her glare to Dave instead. Caitlin Cooper and David Reed were my best friends and pretty much my only friends at Walterville High School. Caitlin had been my friend since we were in diapers, and Dave since last year. Caitlin did a lot of things that pretty girls did. She was a cheerleader, who dated football players, and loved to highlight her already naturally blond hair. She wasn’t the brightest bulb in the box, and I think that’s why I had Dave around; to actually have an intelligent conversation with someone.
“Cait, I told you I don’t do dances for the hundredth time.” Dave said sounding exasperated. 
I looked up at Dave, “It’s okay, you don’t have to go… hell I don’t even want to go.” I said finally putting my fork down and moving my tray away from me. 
Caitlin’s glare returned to me, her brown eyes full of anger and hurt. “But what about that beautiful dress you got?”
 “Cait… I was only going because you begged me.” David cleared his throat trying to calm the animosity between Cait and I. 
“Fine … you win Cait.” 
Cait jerked her head up to look at David surprised, “WHAT?”
 “I’ll go with Rena.”
 “What makes you think I want to go with you, Dave?” 
He shrugged, “Because I’m your… one of your best friends and you love me.” 
I chuckled, “Okay, but you have to match my dress” I said standing to put away my trash. 
“Oh thank you so much! Dave you will have so much fun you won’t regret it!” Caitlin said as she ran to Josh to tell him the good news. Not like he actually cared when there were so many more important things in the world to talk about like football… and oh yeah football.
 Dave followed me, because we had our next class together, “I don’t know why you said yes.” I said as Caitlin was far enough away.
 “Ren, I’m  not letting her torture you a whole night alone. I mean what are you going to do when she’s dancing the night away? “His face actually showing his worry for me, definitely a great best friend. 
 I looked away, embarrassed I didn’t even think of that. “I know I didn’t think it all the way through but I don’t dance any way” David walked into the classroom before me and took a seat at our lab station. 
“You will with me,” he said with a smile that made me smile back. 
“I know.” 
“Then what’s the problem?” he asked curiously.
 “You didn’t wanna go.” I said stating the obvious.
“I’m not gonna let Cait make you go with one of Josh’s douchy friends. Besides I know who you’re waiting for and it’s not going to happen.”  David said giving me a sympathetic look.
 David knew I had a huge crush on someone, but I tried not to let Caitlin know because she would obviously be upset, and perhaps murder me. So David was my confidant in all things boys or boy, ironically. 
I sighed and turned to pay attention to our Chemistry lecture, or more specifically the monotone man babbling about appropriate ways to balance equations.
 My mind quickly drifted away again. The junior prom was one of the biggest occasions of junior year. Caitlin was nominated for Junior Prom Queen and she wanted all the support she could; that’s why I had no choice but to go. I looked over at Dave, thankful that he was going with me. I don’t know what would have happened without him. He was great and really my best friend even though I could never admit that to Caitlin. His hazel eyes narrowed on me as he noticed me looking at him, “What?” he mouthed as he turned to face me. I shook my head and turned back towards the professor. It was funny that Dave and I were only best friends. 
Aunt Krystal thought we would be dating soon, but there was always something in the way. At first, it was David’s immense crush on Caitlin, but I couldn’t blame him for that, every guy liked Caitlin Cooper. In her own words, she was hot and everyone knew it. Her insane confidence was probably the main reason she always had a date to anything, if you asked me. 
After actually getting to know Caitlin he preferred me to her, saying she complained more than she breathed… after this week I think he had a point. He was everything most girls would like in a guy, at least I would. 
He wasn’t necessarily Caitlin’s type which was usually dumb jock. David was a jock. He was on the soccer team, but he was slightly muscular from his after school job at his dad’s bike shop. He was constantly lifting bikes, and well his arms were pretty ripped because of it. He also had a face that wasn’t terrible to look at but his obvious thirst for knowledge turned Caitlin off about as much as Josh’s idiocy turned me off. He was decently tall too, not that I’m a giant or anything. Dave was 5’10 and I was 5’3 it was a distance, but I always liked guys tall. 
No matter how annoying she was, Caitlin would always be one of my best friends. We were friends since we were born and not even her obsession with boys could completely hinder our relationship.  I know though my little secret crush would totally hinder that relationship and that’s why David was saving me with this dance.
 The bell rang, I looked over at him, “Have fun in study hall… behave.” Dave said as he threw his backpack over his broad shoulders. 
“Yeah, yeah, you say that everyday,” I said following him out into the hallway. 
“Well I just wanted to keep it fresh in your mind,” Dave said as he turned into his classroom, “see you at your locker?” Dave added before he walked in. I nodded and started walking to my next class. 
  Slam! “I’m so sorry” I said as I looked up to see the guy I ran into. “I’m s-s-s….” I was at a loss for words. Did I really just run into Jesse Harris? 
“No problem, Ren” he said as he walked to his locker beside where I was standing. I leaned forward and grabbed my bag off the floor, red faced. I almost ran to study hall. I sat in my usual seat since we were in alphabetical order and watched him pass by and take his seat two rows in front of me.  
It was even harder to focus today knowing that I made such an ass out of myself…. Right in front of Jesse Harris! Jesse Harris was beautiful… I don’t know how long I really liked him but I knew I couldn’t make it go away, believe me I tried. He had almost black hair and a light tan that came from being out in the spring sun already. But the thing that really stuck with me about Jesse was his eyes. They were like a blue that was nothing like any other blue in the world. They were vibrant and soft all at the same time, the only thing that I could possibly compare his eyes to was the ocean… and not that murky dark water we normally see in places near me, but the bright blue water that is known in the Caribbean. A shining, shimmering vibrant blue, that I had never seen on another person. I remember when I first met him and he looked at me with those eyes. I gasped surprised by what I saw, and maybe I fell for him then. But I doubt it. At least I denied it if I did. 
 You see Jesse Harris is off limits for one very important reason. He was Caitlin’s first love and after their breakup he didn’t even talk to me. Why would he, I was just Caitlin’s geeky friend? He wouldn’t like me after being with her, even if we had great conversations before their nasty split.
I couldn’t pull my gaze away from him today and I think even he noticed. He turned and looked at me oddly. I tried to hide my gaze but I knew I looked guilty, my face was probably as red as an apple. 

Chapter 2: What can I get you?
I walked out of study hall purposefully avoiding Jesse. I walked to my locker and found David waiting.
 “So?” he said drawing out the word a bit too long. “Did you behave?” 
“Don’t I always?” He looked at me, studying me. “Dave, I don’t know why you are so concerned about this. Nothing is ever going to happen. It’s me.” His curious expression changed to that of a concerned best friend. 
“Rena… I don’t get you… you’re amazing why wouldn’t he like you… why wouldn’t you dare talk to him if things were different?” David said trying to keep his focus completely on me. His expression was one of a worried brother and I was trying to avoid that face, this always ended in the Rena pity party and I was just not ready for it today.
 “Who doesn’t like you?” Caitlin asked coming to her locker a few over from mine. 
“No one... David thinks I have a crush and I don’t.” I said trying not to show my distress.  
“I wish you would… you need to get out there, Rena, you’re sixteen and you’re practically celibate.” Caitlin said as she finished in her locker. She knew the truth that I’d never even kissed a boy, but Cait kept that to herself. Like a great best friend she didn’t even tell Dave.“ I’m heading out with Josh so I don’t need a ride today… but I think you two should go pick out a tie for Dave for Friday.” Caitlin said with a wink as she turned and sauntered off to Josh. 
“You do need a tie to match my dress,” I said looking at Dave as we walked to his car. I jumped into the passenger side of David’s ford escape. “You know what I don’t get, Dave?”
 “What?” he added as he started the car and began to navigate out the parking lot to the mall. 
“Why didn’t you want to go to the dance?” 
“There was no one I wanted to go with … I mean besides you.”
 “You don’t have to be nice. I was there, Cait talked you into it. What I was saying is you haven’t told me about any crushes since Caitlin.” I asked actually curious about David’s prospects.
 “Well … um… there hasn’t been any.”
 I rolled my eyes, “Liar.”
 “I’m not lying!” he said a bit too loudly. 
“You are,” I said with a grin. 
“Anyways I saw you run into Jesse today.”
 “I honestly didn’t do it on purpose. “I said shifting nervously in my seat at the conversation change.
 “You looked like you were going to vomit when you saw who it was.” He said, a devilish grin crossing his face.
 “I did not!” I said my voice going a tad higher than usual. David laughed. It was smooth just like Dave usually was. We pulled up to the mall, right in front of Macy’s to be exact. I jumped out of the car, “Now the search begins!” I said pulling David’s arm to my side. I never noticed I did that but maybe I shouldn’t have done it so often. “I’m sorry” I said letting his arm fall back to his side. 
“Why? You always do that.” He said interlocking our arms together again. 
“Well it looks like you’re off the market.” I said trying not to show how uncomfortable I was feeling.  
“And why does it matter now… it’s been a year.” He remarked.
 “I didn’t realize I did that all this time” he shrugged and we walked on. 
Lately, things were shifting with David, and I don’t know if it was just me noticing it or what. David was chivalrous but even he used to fight when I pulled his arm to me. Suddenly all his fight was gone and he didn’t mind. Honestly, I thought I was being paranoid but after Caitlin planted the idea that David might actually like me more than a friend… I couldn’t let it go. I overanalyzed everything we did together now, and I think he was even starting to notice. 
“What’s been up lately?” he said as he held the first door open for me.
“What do you mean?” I said trying to actually sound clueless.
 “You have just been weird.” He added but didn’t seem to want to say anymore on the topic.
 “How so?” I remarked inquiringly.
 “Like in the car… you don’t normally care who I like,” he said matter-of-factly.
 “Well I was just curious … it’s been a while.” I said hoping to shrug off the whole conversation.
“Ren,” my shoulders sagged when he said my name, “What is it?” he added.
 “Well… this is soo stupid.” I hated to mention something as stupid as what Caitlin said but he wasn’t giving me much choice.
 “What is?” he said as he held the door to the department store open. 
“Well Caitlin kinda planted the idea in my head.” I started nervously. 
David rolled his eyes, “What did she say now?”
 I felt like a child, it was so immature. “She said….please I really don’t wanna say” I said shaking his arm off mine.
 “Rena, what did she say?” he said visibly becoming irritated which is very uncharacteristic of David. It is nearly impossible to make him angry. I looked up at him, he was about six or so inches taller than me. It was like looking up at lamp post. Why was I so flipping short? 
“She thinks you like me,” I said turning to avoid his expression and gaze. We were in the men’s section so I decided to focus on the search for a dark gold tie. He stopped as I immersed myself in ties.
 “Of course I like you. You’re my best friend.” Dave added as he returned to my side.
 “You know she didn’t mean it like that.” I said trying to defend my friend.
 “I know… how she meant it … it’s Caitlin” he said sounding annoyed again. “And I don’t know what to say.” He said sounding different.
 I turned to him, “Is it true?” I said looking straight into his eyes, or at least as much of his eyes I could by looking up.
 “Yes, and no but…” he stopped talking when he saw my face crumble. I didn’t know how to register this data. He was my best friend. were things really supposed to change. “Rena,” he said touching my arm, “look at me.” I reluctantly obliged. He looked as confused as I felt. “I like our relationship and I may have considered it lately but I just want to be friends.” David said looking intently towards me.
 “I don’t know what to say.” I said reaching through the piles of ties to find one I thought was suitable. David started sifting through the ties beside me, quietly.
The silence was deafening between us.
 “I found one.” he added several moments later.
 I looked at it for several seconds. “I think that’s a good one… check out?” he nodded and I followed him to the cash register. 
We didn’t talk again until we were in the car. “Ren… can we go somewhere and talk?” I didn’t really want to talk but I know we would have to eventually.
 “Okay, where to?”
 “The scoop we can grab some sundaes and talk.”
 “It’s usually crowded around now” I said still not sure what I could possibly say to him. 
“There’s a football game at school today,” he added, hopefulness in his voice.
“Okay then,” I said still avoiding his gaze. I settled into my seat crossing my arms over my chest. I never really had this problem before.  Dave was supposed to be that guy that was fun to talk to. I never imagined I’d have to consider anything else with him. I wasn’t even prepared to consider if I could stop fantasizing about Jesse long enough to have a real relationship. Maybe that was my problem. I deserved a relationship so why should I think about Jesse who didn’t even know that I existed when Dave knew, and cared about me?
We pulled up in front of The Scoop and David parallel parked into a decently sized space. I loved The Scoop for many reasons. They had some of the best food in town and their sundaes, milkshakes, and root beer floats were huge. I had been coming here since I was a freshman in high school; this is the place I first met Jesse. He worked here, his parents made him work there actually. The Harris’s owned The Scoop and Jesse was an added bonus whenever Caitlin and I came around for a treat. 
I looked over at David, his face was lost in thought. “So what’s on your mind?” I said as we walked in step to the hostess desk. We sat at a corner table and David was completely right, the place was deserted. When we sat down, David began to talk.
 “So, can we just forget about this mess?” I was surprised. David was not normally the one to forget something. 
“What? Really?” He nodded. 
“I like you… but I like us and I know you don’t like me as much as someone.” He said quieting down a bit as he noticed Jesse approaching our table. 
“Hey my name is...” he stopped as he noticed who we were. “Hey, what can I get you guys?” Jesse said sounding tired, he avoided me and focused his attention onto David.
 “Two root beer floats,” David said without even looking at Jesse.
 Jesse looked over at me, “Okay with that?” 
I nodded, “Can I get a water too?” I added barely audible. I really had to get over this crush, I was being idiotic. I was blushing uncontrollably, not in control of my own voice. How pathetic did I look?
 “Sure,” Jesse said finally taking his eyes away from me, “Be back in a few,” he said as he was walking away towards the kitchen. I was looking at my shaky hands in my lap, trying to will the blood from rushing to my face. How I kept my crush a secret from Caitlin was miraculous to me.
 “See what I mean,” Dave added after Jesse went back into the kitchen. “I get it…I’ve known you long enough to know that you can’t help it.” His voice wasn’t angry or upset, it sounded just like the calm David I was accustomed to, despite what he was saying.
 “I’m trying,” I said exasperated. David had been telling me since he met me my sophomore year that I needed to get over my best friend’s boyfriend. It’s kind of how we got close. He’s the only one I could talk to about it. 
“You say that but...” He said, stopped, and turned his head downwards avoiding my gaze.
 “But what David?” He remained quiet, “I avoid him as much as I can… I don’t bring him up… I try not to think about him… what else can I do?” He pulled at his sleeve, and looked up to see Jesse coming back. 
“So is this all you guys want?” Jesse said as he put our drinks on the table, I nodded pulling my gaze away almost instantly. 
“How about some cheese fries?” David said looking to me for confirmation, I nodded and Jesse left without even bothering to look at me. 
“I don’t know what else to do… Cait’s going to kill me,” I said burying my head with my arms. I was on the verge of tears. I don’t know why having this conversation made me this way but it always did. 
“You know Cait’s oblivious. She would have to catch you making out to even have a clue.” David said, mostly trying to console me. It wasn’t working.
 “What about you?” I asked, I needed to know how he actually felt about this. 
“I get you’ve liked this guy for a long time… but I think you need to move on.” I nodded knowing he would say that. That was what he had been telling me since he figured it out.
“Who do you suggest I move on with?” I said looking up at him, wondering if he would admit how much he actually liked me. If he actually liked me.
“Someone you know… someone who actually knows you exist.” I nodded. That was David’s biggest problem with Jesse besides being Caitlin’s ex. He constantly told me someone that didn’t recognize how amazing I was didn’t deserve me. It was a plausible explanation that I just couldn’t accept. “Rena you’re perfect … and you deserve so much more,” he said grabbing my hand. I felt the blood rushing to my cheeks with his actions and I couldn’t look away. I couldn’t even move away. The moment was quickly interrupted however.
“Fries” Jesse said and I found the strength and actually pulled my hand from David’s as Jesse stepped towards our table. David looked visibly irritated.
 “Thanks” he said as he watched Jesse walk away. 
“Relax,” I said noticing his growing frustration, “you wanted to come here.” 
“The food’s good is it my fault?” he said as he grabbed a forkful full of fries. His tone wasn’t as David like anymore. 
“Then deal,” I added as nonchalantly as I could.
 “It’s just that every time we start talking--” he was showing his frustration now. 
“It’s fast service don’t complain” I said grabbing my own fork. He shrugged still eating. He seemed to be calming down with every bite. Who knew fries were a calming food?
“When do you want me to pick you up for the dance Friday?” Dave asked. 
“Um Cait and Josh got a limo…. Meet up at my house at 6:30, that was the plan.” Dave nodded but didn’t say anything when he saw Jesse approaching, but unfortunately I didn’t notice until it was too late. “Don’t forget a corsage,” I added, taking a sip from my water. 
“Here’s the check guys… You are going to the dance?” Jesse asked incredulously. He placed his full attention on me.
“Um yeah… you know we have to…” I stammered.
 “You were never the dance type before” he was still saying, I couldn’t breathe…think… what the hell was Jesse doing? 
“Well… it’s mostly for moral support …junior prom king and queen.” He shifted his gaze away from me and then averted his piercing gaze downward to the table. 
“Oh,” he added softly and kept his gaze away from me as he continued to remain stationary.
 “Are you going?” I asked hoping, but knowing the answer. 
“No, they were never really my thing,” he said returning his gaze to me.
 “Okay … thanks.” I said actually sounding like myself for once.
“Whenever you guys are ready I’ll be back by the counter,” he said not letting his gaze leave mine. 
That was probably the longest conversation I had with Jesse since the breakup. I felt shaky from so much contact, I was seriously mental.
 “Maybe I’m wrong,” David added as he pulled out his wallet, I started shifting through my purse. 
“No, I got it this time….Just try not to look like an apple when we leave.” He added as he placed a twenty in the leather pocket with the receipt.
 “What are you wrong about?” I asked as we stood. 
“Maybe he could like you.” David said curiously as he grabbed the bill and handed it to Jesse when he started walking forward. “Thanks, keep the change,” David said as he walked away. I followed, slowing to get one last look at Jesse. He was smoking hot, I couldn’t help myself.  
When we got in the car, “he likes you.” David started again.
“We were talking.” I said exasperated. “I think he was just trying to find out about Caitlin.”
 “No, Ren… he was genuinely curious in why you were going.” Dave continued.
 “Dave… get real.” I couldn’t believe what he was saying.
“Why is that so hard to believe?” Dave’s demeanor was changing again.
“Because it’s impossible,” I said angrily. All this time he was trying to get me over my stupid crush and now he was pushing it. 
“Why is it impossible to think guys like you?” He almost whispered looking intently at me.
“Because it hasn’t happened yet.” I said evenly trying to calm down. David pulled up in front of my house, “Ren…” 
“Yeah?” I said turning to face him.
“I like you,” he said as he leaned forward and kissed me, softly and sweetly. I stayed in the car wide eyed not exactly registering my first kiss had just happened.  
“I think I should go,” I said sliding out of the car quickly.
 “Ren, can you at least….” I didn’t hear the rest. I closed the door and ran to my porch, looking for my keys when my cell phone vibrated.  Call me when you’re done freaking out-Dave I turned around and saw him pull away. I walked into the house, praying Krystal wasn’t home yet. 

Chapter 3: Complicated
“Rena! Is that you?” No such luck. Aunt Krystal came walking out of the kitchen, “Where have you been?” 
“Hanging with Dave.” I said turning to avoid her questioning looks.
“Aww you guys really need to start dating … you two are so cute together.” I sighed. Krystal was always saying this. 
“Well we are going to the dance together.” I said trying to keep my mind away from the kiss that had occurred only a few moments ago.
“Oh that’s great! Those pictures are going to be beautiful.” Krystal said as she started back towards the kitchen, “Are you hungry?” 
“No, I ate with Dave.” I said still keeping my face away from her direction. 
 “Oh where did you guys go?” she inquired curiously.
 “The Scoop.”
 “Did you see the Harris boy?” she was teasing the only way Aunt Krystal would.
 “Yeah, he was our waiter.” Krystal never let on that she knew about my crush on him but I think she knew, why else would she ask that question. “I think I’m just going to head upstairs and do my homework.” I said climbing the stairs towards my bedroom. I walked in to my room and fell onto my bed.
I had my first kiss… my first kiss! I think I should tell Caitlin at least, before I try to figure out what I want to do about it. I pulled out my cell phone and dialed Caitlin’s cell.
 “Hey stranger what’s up?” She answered happily.
 “We got Dave’s tie,” I said nervously.
 “Is that what you called about?” Cait asked confused. 
“No, actually…um…” I really didn’t want to say it but this is why I called.
“What happened? Are you okay?” Cait actually caught onto my distress for once.
“Yeah, I’m fine… but something happened…”I started but she cut me off. That was characteristically Caitlin.
“Is it your parents?” Cait said, she always jumped to absurd conclusions but sometimes they made for a great laugh, not this time.
 “No but… I had my first kiss.” I said cutting off her next outlandish conclusion. 
“Oh my god! Are you serious?” Caitlin practically screamed into the phone. 
“Yeah, I’m serious.” I said with a chuckle. I couldn’t help it, even feeling as terrible as I did.
 “Who?” She inquired.
“Um… Dave.”
 “I knew he liked you …” Cait added, “so what happened?”
 “Well we were kind of arguing--” I started but she cut me off again.
 “You guys don’t argue.”
 “Yeah we do … and we were.” I said a little annoyed.
“About what?” Her voice going all sweet and girly, it was her give me more to gossip about voice. I knew it well.
“My love life what else?” I said as if it wasn’t an obvious observation. It was to anybody but Caitlin. 
“Why were you guys talking about that?” She remarked drily.
 “Because he said I could have found a date if I wanted to and if I tried … he was being so stubborn… I told him that no guys liked me...” 
“And?” Cait said. 
“He said that’s not true I like you and he kissed me.” I finished, my voice faltering a little when I said he kissed me. 
“Oh my god! Are you guys dating? What happened after? Did you kiss again?” 
“Actually, I don’t know. I kind of bolted after he kissed me… I was surprised.” I said suddenly feeling really stupid.
 “Omg …get off the phone and call him… don’t ruin Friday for me.” She practically shouted into my ear.
I rolled my eyes, “I know, Cait” I said and I hung up still completely confused about everything. Usually, I’d call David to calm me down… but this was all his fault. 
 I dialed his number despite all of this. “Hi,” I said as I jumped up from my bed. 
“Hi … I’m sorry… I didn’t know you’d get scared.” David said as soon as he answered the phone. I could tell he was nervous, probably as nervous as I was.
 “I wasn’t scared, I was surprised.” I said trying to sort my feelings while simultaneously trying to express them to Dave.
 “You looked scared to me.” He remarked scornfully.
“Dave… you kissed me. What did you expect to happen?”
 “I don’t know… you’d kiss me back… realize how much you liked me…. Something along those lines would have been preferred.” At least I could say he was always honest, because even that was honest.
“You caught me off guard… I …I never expected you to kiss me.” I said as I finally stopped pacing my room. 
“I didn’t know I was going to do it… you just looked so…so…” 
“So what?” I nearly shouted into the phone. 
“So hurt,” he finished. 
“And that’s how you fix me?” I asked trying to keep the anger out of my voice. I don’t know why I became angry but it didn’t seem right to be angry with him, not now at least. 
“No, I just wanted to show you I cared.” He added sadly. 
 “I know you care… you’re my best friend of course I think you CARE!” I said not hiding my emotion. 
“But, Rena, I care more than that… I get it… I get the Jesse thing… I’m not going to push for something that you don’t want but I’m here.” I started crying, I couldn’t hold back, the emotions were all blurring together. I couldn’t decipher anything right now except nausea.  
“Will you still be my friend?” I asked trying to hide my altered voice but knowingly failing. 
“Are you okay?” He asked, the concern reminiscent of the old David, my best friend David.
“Yeah,” I said trying to clear my throat. “I’m okay.” I lied.
“You don’t sound okay… what are you thinking?” David asked slightly returning again to the David that was completely different from the one that kissed me.
 “This changes everything you know that.” I said as he stayed quiet for a moment.
 “Not if you don’t want it to.” He said with enough conviction that I almost believed him. 
“Next time you kiss me can you warn me?” I asked knowing he was wrong despite what he said. 
“I don’t have to ever kiss you again if you don’t want me to.” David added trying to put truth to his past statement, but I wasn’t buying it.
“I don’t think you can keep that promise, Dave.” I added depressingly. 
 “Yes, I can if that’s what you want… I would never.” I didn’t know what to say even though I was kind of rejecting him he was still willing to be with me, whether or not he got anything out of it. 
“I don’t know what I want...can I sleep on it?” I finally said after I thought about it for a few moments. My emotions were too blurred for me to even consider making some type of decision tonight.
“Sure,” he said with some strain in his voice. “See you in the morning?” He asked before he hung up. 
“Of course,” I said and hung up. I’m not sure how long I laid there reflecting but then I heard a scream. 
“Aunt Krystal?” I said racing down the stairs, “are you okay?” she was in the living room. 
“Yeah, did you hear that?” she asked as she threw her robe over her shoulders and walked to the front door. We walked out to a small spectacle. 
“Rose… Violet, go back into the house now!” Mr. Fillmore shouted to his two oldest daughters, he was holding a bat and walking towards the car his daughters were moving away from. They must have noticed the growing audience because they went into the house as their father wished and the mysterious car sped away. No confrontation.
 “What was that about?” I asked Aunt Krystal, clearly confused by all the commotion.
“You know he’s strict and very old fashioned… those poor girls.” I nodded and walked back into our house. 
The Fillmores were a weird group in Walterville, they were strictly Protestant and followed traditional rules including no dating for their three teenage daughters, Rose, Violet, and Daisy. Apparently, they weren’t keeping to those rules, at least not to their father’s liking. 

I woke up that morning, nervous. David was going to be here in ten minutes and all I could do was pace the living room anxiously. “What is wrong with you?” Krystal said as she watched me walk back and forth in the decently sized area, “you seem nervous.” 
“I am nervous.” I replied not even thinking about it.
“Why?” she asked, a narrow brown eyebrow raising in curiosity. 
“Because of… stuff.” I said and stopped myself almost forgetting Krystal didn’t know about everything with Dave and maybe it should stay that way. Honk! Honk! “Gotta go, see you later” I said nearly bolting out the house but Krystal’s voice stopped me.
 “Ren, I’m working the evening shift and I won’t be home till midnight…okay?” I nodded and walked out the door. 
Dave was in his car as usual, “Where’s Cait?” I asked as I jumped into the passenger side. Great! There goes my buffer.
“Josh drove her.” He replied tersely. 
“Okay,” I said as I searched for my seatbelt. “So how was your night?” I asked. 
“Okay … I just couldn’t seem to stop thinking about this girl though she’s so frustrating,” David said with a smile. He was being sarcastic, one of the common characteristics of the old David. 
“Well she had just as much trouble trying to think of what she wanted to do about this.” I said evenly. 
“And?” He asked pointedly. 
 “And I have no clue… maybe we should stay friends…or maybe it will work out amazingly because you know me better than I know myself… or what happened yesterday is going to make you break up with me and there goes our friendship.” 
“You have very interesting perspectives.” He said, “And honestly … I can be your friend even after that.” 
“At least you will always be my first kiss.” I said with a sheepish smile.
 “What?” Dave said tapping the brakes. “I … I didn’t know… oh god I’m so sorry.”
 “Dave, it’s okay” I said looking up at him smiling, at least it wasn’t some jerk that would break my heart. He parked in his usual spot still tense from our conversation and walked out of his car without another word.
I followed and noticed an odd site, “Dave… is that?” he stopped to look too. 
“Yeah, Violet Fillmore?” Violet was talking to a rather large guy I didn’t recognize, it is a big school after all. I caught up to him since he stopped, “Since when do they date?” he said as he started walking again.
“I don’t know but I’m assuming that huge argument they had yesterday was about that.” 
“Huge argument?” Dave asked his curiosity growing.
“They were outside arguing last night with their dad.” I said.  
“That’s intense,” David said as he opened the door to the school.
 We parted to go to our lockers and I saw Caitlin at mine, “So are you guys like a couple now?” She said with a less than convincing smile on her face. Josh and her must have had a fight.
“No, and it would have been nice if you were there in the car today,” I said snidely as I opened my locker and started exchanging books.
“I know Ren, and I tried. Josh insisted I go with him because there is cheerleading and football practice, later.” 
“So that means he can take you home…you could have driven with us.” 
“I’m sorry.” She said after a few moments of silence. Apologies are rare for Cait so I was surprised. 
“It’s okay” I said as I closed my locker.
 “What happened today?” she said before Dave could interrupt.
 I looked over and saw David coming towards us, “I’ll tell you in first period.” She nodded and turned and saw Dave walking up.
 “Hey Dave, what’s up?” Caitlin asked again with feigned enthusiasm. 
“Not much” I quietly watched them exchange words, until the bell rang. Cait and I took off to our first class. 
We sat down in our usual seats, “Shit!” Caitlin said as she sat down, “I forgot my notebook… let me run out and then you can tell me what happened” I shrugged and she ran off. 

Chapter 4: Spinning
The world spun around in those few moments. See I happen to have one class with Caitlin and David… but I happen to have four classes with Jesse, hence the impossible task of getting over my little crush. He usually sat two seats in front of me since Cait and I sat way in the back. However, today he decided he’d sit right in front of me. Great! He turned when he sat down. 
“So Solis… congrats!” He said leaning his tan arm on the front of my desk.
 “Congrats?” I asked confused. 
“You know.” He said turning more to face me.
“No, I don’t.” I added more confused. 
“You and Dave.” He said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Still not getting it.” I said uneasily.
“I thought… I guess I was wrong.” He said shifting his arm off my desk.
 “About what?” I said still trying not to be annoyed by his cryptic messages. 
“I thought you guys started dating.” I was caught completely off guard by his statement.
 “Why… why would you think that?” I asked hopefully veiling my shock. 
“I don’t know I assumed… you guys were going to the dance together… and were holding hands.” He said his voice lowering in embarrassment. 
“Oh, we were just talking.” I said a little defensively.
 “No offense, but I don’t hold my friends’ hands.” He said his voice returning to normal. 
“No offense, but Dave is one of my best friends and he was stressed.” I replied not too nicely. 
“Yeah, you guys looked like you were having a serious convo,” Jesse added with a small laugh. He had a great laugh, and I had to shake his presence or I’d be a babbling idiot if he laughed again.
 “Well we were until--” I started.
“Until I came to your table… yeah I noticed.” Jesse said obviously ignoring my burning face. “Well one more thing,” he seemed a little uncomfortable now, “I like Dave and all… and I get that he really likes you.” Jesse said and paused, “but I don’t think you guys are right as a couple…I thought I’d tell you that as another friendly guy’s opinion.” Jesse said still looking a bit uneasy, his eyebrows were pinched and his eyes narrowed as he said this.
“Um thanks?” I muttered as I saw Cait approaching again. She sat down and Jesse turned back around swiftly, pretending like nothing had happened.
Leaning back and slumping into his chair his soft brown hair was inches from me and I just wanted to touch it… touch him. I seriously am mental.
“What was that about?” Cait whispered. 
“Nothing” I added quickly. 
“So what happened then?” She said relaxing. 
“Um well I kind of confronted Dave yesterday about it and he didn’t admit to it… so we went to The Scoop,” and I told her everything until the car ride, I didn’t want Jesse knowing that he was sort of right. 
“Well I think you should go for it… why are you holding back?” Cait asked confused. I shrugged, I really didn’t know why I didn’t want to date Dave but it wasn’t helping that Jesse had finally started talking to me. When did life get so complicated? 
When I left my first class the day felt like a blur. I walked to my classes and every time I turned around there was Jesse not too far off, he sat beside me in all the classes we shared together but he didn’t say a word. What the hell was going on?
I plopped my butt into my usual seat at my lunch table as David shortly followed. “What’s up?” he asked as he started his meal. I didn’t know what to think anymore about anything. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing,” I said quickly, hoping he wouldn’t pry further. 
“Okay, then why do you look like you’re not present on this planet today?” He concluded smartly. 
“Just thinking.” I replied trying to keep my mind focused on our conversation.  
“About what?” he said between mouthfuls of food. I looked up at him, really watching him. I didn’t get what Jesse said and it was frankly bothering me. What was wrong with David? His dark sandy hair was short and his hazel eyes always seemed to shine happily at me. He wasn’t ugly in the slightest way, he had a strong jaw and a decent nose to mouth ratio.  He could date if he wanted to but he didn’t want that…at first it was Caitlin and now it was me… I guess that was odd. David was still a good guy though. I sighed, I was so tired of thinking about it but I couldn’t get past it. 
Cait walked over to my table without her arm candy for once. “So you have to tell me what happened in first period,” she said sitting down.
 “What do you mean?” I asked pretending to be confused, knowing only too well what she meant. 
“What did he say to you? Was he asking about me?” Caitlin said starting in on her own lunch. 
David asked, “Who?” but quickly got his answer after what I said.
 “No, he didn’t say anything about you, Caitlin, he was just asking about the dance and stuff.” I said annoyed that she couldn’t imagine we would talk about anything but her.
 “Did he ask you?” she asked with a raised eyebrow. 
“No, he knows I’m going with David… and I’m your best friend.” I replied snidely. 
“Jesse talked to you?” David interrupted; I nodded trying to not show the conflict on my face. “That’s it?”
 “You two seemed pretty engrossed I thought it was something good.” Caitlin added but she was losing steam. 
 “No…nothing.” I said with a sigh, hopefully Caitlin didn’t notice that and she didn’t.
“I wonder why he sat in front of you then?” she said mostly to herself. The funny thing was I wondered the exact same thing in every one of my other classes I had with him, but I never mentioned that I had any other classes than first and eighth period with Jesse. 
This guy was totally torturing me for no apparent reason. Lunch ended rather uneventfully. I walked to Chemistry with David. “Seriously now what happened?” David said pausing in front of me.
 “What I told you happened.” I said trying to avoid his accusing gaze.
 “Well there is something up with you today.” He remarked as he started walking again.
“Dave… I don’t know what he’s doing but he’s torturing me!” I said exasperated. I couldn’t hold in my confusion any longer and Dave was the only one I’d ever talked to about this problem. In spite of everything that was happening between us, he was the only one I could tell this to. 
 “Jesse?” I nodded feeling terrible that I had to admit this to him.
 “He sat in front of me in first period, third period, and fourth period and the only time he talked to me was in first…he never sits--” 
“I thought you only had two classes with him.” I gulped. I was caught in my lie. Damn.
 “I thought it wouldn’t help Cait to know that.” I replied, afraid of how much I was pushing David’s buttons. 
“But I’m not Cait.” He said angrily, stopping in front of me again.
“But you don’t like him.” He looked shocked by what I said, but I knew he was just hurt.
“I like him… I just think having a crush on your friend’s ex-boyfriend isn’t healthy.” I walked around David and went into our lab, he followed. 
“I get that Dave.” I said snidely. 
“So what did he really say?” I looked at him… this was getting really tiresome and I didn’t want to talk about it anymore. 
“We’re done with this conversation.” I said and David looked at me to argue but didn’t say another word. He didn’t talk to me for the rest of the class period actually. 
I left class and walked to my locker to grab my books for study hall, I mean why take homework home when you have study hall? I was at my locker, David left quickly to his next class obviously still mad at me. 
“Hi,” said the voice that was too familiar for comfort.
 “Hi… so I don’t get it.” I said turning around to face him. 
 “Get what?” Jesse said as he started walking with me to study hall.
 “Why are you talking to me?” he looked surprised.
 “Well I thought we were still friends but I don’t have to talk to you.” He said it evenly and without any signs of hurt.
“No, I’m sorry I didn’t mean it like that… I mean why now?” I said turning to meet those deep blue depths, that were his eyes.
He shrugged, “After yesterday I was worried about you… you were always like a kid sister to me.” Great, that is exactly how you want your crush to think of you.  “After the David thing I thought maybe you needed another guy friend,” Jesse said looking down, avoiding my gaze. He seemed to be as embarrassed as I was. 
 “Really because I feel like there is an ulterior motive.” He looked up at me then, smiling, a smile that he rarely showed since the breakup. It made my heart beat faster. It was so loud I could hear it in my ears.  
 “No alternative motive… even without … Cait… I liked you… we hung out and talked.” He was right to some degree I guess… I certainly enjoyed talking to Jesse way more than Josh, and I had done so on a regular basis. We had a really good friendship when he was with Caitlin, in spite of all the drama she caused, he never took it out on me when they fought. 
“Well… see you in class” Jesse said as he sped to his locker and left me to walk alone. He didn’t talk to me during class or for the rest of the day for that matter. It was frustrating not knowing what was going on. I felt like my head was about to whirl off in confusion.
“So I get that you don’t want to date me … Ren… but you can’t hide stuff from me we don’t hide stuff,” Dave said as he slid into his dark blue SUV.
 “Dave,” I started, “I really am confused about everything and I just need some time… I’m not lying to you… nothing is going on with Jesse…or ever will…but I just need time to think about everything.” I said.  I looked over at him, he seemed content with my answer and didn’t push me any further. In fact he didn’t mention anything about us or Jesse for the rest of the week. It was actually nice to get back to normal. 
~~~
Although Dave seemed to return to his old ways, of being my amazing best friend, things changed between Jesse and I. Now, I’m not going to tell you he fell madly in love with me or anything like that; those are just unrealistic fantasies on my part. However, after our first conversation he never changed seats. He sat in front of me in every class I had with him except Study hall. He drove me crazy doing this. He was so close to me and so far away. His smell or cologne I guess always made me want to get closer to him, his dark hair always tempted me to touch it but I didn’t, I couldn’t because well that is creepy and stalkerish. The most surprising thing though was Jesse didn’t even really talk to me after that day, except for a hi and bye. He just quietly taunted me, slowly driving me mad in front of everyone I knew. Last I heard torture was frowned upon. This was so not fair! 
Friday came all too quickly and it was time for the much anticipated dance. Since it was our Junior Prom, the school obviously gave all the juniors the day off to primp and be beautified for a night of dancing. I was planning on a day of pampering with Caitlin. We were planning on manicures, pedicures, hair salon, and makeup, and then it would be back to my house to dress and wait for the boys and the limo. Now that the day was actually here I was kind of excited to see how the night would go. 
After my shower, I heard my phone ringing so I rushed to answer it seeing it was my mom. “Hey, mom.” I said sounding happier than I normally felt.
 “Hey honey, so Krystal was telling me that you are going with David tonight… are you guys?” I rolled my eyes; why does everything have to be labeled? 
“No, mom we are just friends.” 
“Okay,” she said sounding disappointed. “Well take lots of pictures of you, Dave, Cait, and Jesse.” I blushed I guessed it had been a while since my mom asked about my friends.
 “Actually, Cait is going with Josh.” I said quickly hoping she wouldn’t ask about Jesse.
 “Josh?” She repeated the name sounding confused.
 “But I’ll take plenty of pics. Mom… I gotta go soon though, Cait should be here soon so we can get our hair done.” I guess my attempts failed when she asked the next question.
“Oh …but what happened to Jesse?”
 “They broke up over the summer.” I rushed along.
 “The summer? But I thought Josh was Jesse’s friend?” she said still no intention of ending the conversation was evident.
 “It was an ugly break up, mom, is that what you want to know?”
 “Oh…so…” 
“So?” 
“Why aren’t you going with Jesse then?” 
“Mom! Why would I do that?” I said, stunned that my mother would even think that was a smart thing to do.
“Well you two … I mean you always seemed to like him.” 
“But he’s Caitlin’s Ex; that is wrong!” 
“I guess,” my mom added unreassuringly. 

Chapter 5: Dance, Dance
 Ding Dong! “Mom, I gotta go, Caitlin’s here, call you tomorrow to tell you about the dance?” 
“Sure, honey, have fun. Love you.”
 “Love you too, bye.”
 I ran down the stairs to see Caitlin and her bag of stuff, when I opened the door David sped off. “Why did Dave drop you off?” I asked when Caitlin walked into my house.
 “Mom, couldn’t drive me here,” she added nonchalantly.
 “But why didn’t he say hi?” I asked mostly to myself. 
“Don’t read into it, Ren, it’s bad luck to see your date before the big dance.”
 I shrugged then actually stopped and thought about her absurd response, “Doesn’t that only apply to weddings?” 
“Whatever, that’s what I told him.” Cait said as she walked to my room and put her stuff away. 
“When’s our hair appointment?” I asked already feeling annoyed with Cait. 
“Ten is your aunt driving us?” I nodded and we walked downstairs to see if Aunt Krystal was ready. 
~~~
After prepping for the dance all day, I didn’t understand how Caitlin had enough energy to dance but the girl was amped. “I can’t believe the dance is in an hour… I feel like the day flew by,” Cait said as she started strapping her heels on. Caitlin being tall, tan, thin, and blonde, could wear just about anything and this she proved by her wearing an almost hot pink dress. No one would miss her tonight, unless they were blind… but even they couldn’t avoid the fluorescent nature of her dress.
 I being slightly smaller, not as tan, and definitely nowhere near blond had a smaller selection. My dress was gold, not bright gold, just enough that it made my slightly browned skin glow.  It wasn’t a long dress. It fell right below my knee since I was only 5’3 I couldn’t handle a long dress… it would make me look shorter and would end up way too long. I liked my dress, although it was nowhere near as eye catching as Caitlin’s, I was content with how I looked, besides I really didn’t want to stand out as much as she did.
The doorbell rang, “Oh my god that must be the boys!” Caitlin said with a screech and quickly finished strapping her tall shoes on and ran down the stairs. I followed her, of course only much slower, walking in heels was not a skill I had perfected yet.
We walked downstairs to see Josh and David there with flowers in hand. “My god, Cait,” Josh said as he kissed her and handed her the corsage. “You’re hot!” 
“Thanks!” Cait added with a girly giggle. They were nauseating, only Caitlin would accept that as a compliment.  I walked over to Dave, he looked great. The boy totally cleaned up well.  His sandy hair was slicked back out of his eyes, and the dark suit fit him faultlessly. An added bonus the tie matched perfectly.
 “You look perfect, Rena,” David said as he walked towards me and kissed my cheek and handed me my corsage.
 “Thanks you look great, too.” I said trying to not stab him or myself when I pinned a flower to his lapel. 
“Oh you guys look so cute now get together for some pictures, Rebecca’s orders!”
 “Aunt Krystal,” I said exasperated. This was embarrassing, but we all obliged to her requests. She took about fifty pictures, couples… group….boys… girls… let’s stand this way…let’s look this way. Good thing she isn’t a photographer or we would have been there all night.
 We left shortly after and got into the white stretch limo Josh and Cait arranged. The ride went horribly slow with Josh trying to touch Cait inappropriately every chance he got. Dave sat quietly disapproving of their behavior. 
The dance committee completely surprised me. The gym looked so different. There were streamers, lights, fake flowers, and balloons everywhere you looked. There were sets of round tables off to the right side of the gym while the rest of the area was left to dance. I thought it was appropriate that when we walked in to the gymnasium the song booming through the speakers was Dance, Dance by fallout boy. 
We all found a table to place our bags and cameras and David asked me to dance almost immediately.  He grabbed my hand and walked to the nearly deserted dance floor. “So do you think you will have fun tonight?” David asked as he pulled me closer to him for a slow dance. 
“Of course I’ll have fun… do you see who I’m dancing with?” I said with a smile. I was hoping David didn’t take tonight too seriously. I didn’t want to have another relationship talk with him, especially tonight. “So why didn’t you say hi this morning?” 
“Oh I didn’t think you were coming downstairs and I was seeing you later didn’t really see the point,” that’s not what Caitlin said, but I ignored it. He probably rolled his eyes when she said that stupid statement about bad luck too.
“Dave… are you mad at me?” 
“No. Why would you think that?” he said looking down at me this time instead off into the distance.
 “Because, well you have been distant since…you know.” I felt idiotic bringing up the exact thing I didn’t want him to bring up, but I had to know.
 “Ren, I’m not mad at you I’ve just been trying to give you space.” Dave said a little aggravated.
 “I’m sorry I should get that. I asked for it” I said a little embarrassed.
 Dave looked at me oddly then, “Why are you apologizing? There is nothing to apologize for, but if you keep being a bummer we are not gonna have any fun tonight.”  David teased as he let go of my waist to start dancing to a faster song. I nodded and we focused simply on dancing.
We only talked during the slow dances, we were too busy otherwise. I had to admit David was keeping to his promise I was having a blast. During another slow dance, “You know your mom is going to die when she sees the professional pictures” David said with a small laugh. 
“You think that they are going to be any good?”
 “Any good? You look amazing!” David said as he slowly rocked me to the music. We were close to Caitlin and Josh as they slow danced, I noticed David look over several times but he didn’t say anything. 
“I guess you won’t hurt the picture too much either,” I said when I saw his gaze shifting over again. 
He laughed, “Gee thanks,” he said turning to look at me again. “Was that a compliment?” he asked, trying to keep his focus on me, but it seemed to be an effort. What was distracting him?
“Of course,” I added with a chuckle. He smiled; I had to admit even for a guy I wasn’t sure I wanted to date, that smile was a wonder. 
“What?” he asked as he saw me staring, “Are you having fun?” 
“Yeah… aren’t you?” I asked.
 “Good,” he answered avoiding my question. Instead he pulled me closer to him. It felt weird being that close to David but I didn’t push away despite everything that happened. 
Then there was a crash. It was loud and everyone stopped dancing. The crowd looked around to see what happened but nothing was out of the ordinary. So dancing resumed, a little more upbeat after that. A few minutes later dinner was served. “This looks appetizing,” I said as I looked down at my plate.
 “Who told you to not like veal?”  David said as he grabbed my plate and slid my veal parmesan onto his plate. I took my nearly empty plate back and picked at the spaghetti. Our table was pretty crowded and everyone was either focused on their dinner or their conversation. I looked around again and whispered to Cait and Dave, “I’m going to the bathroom be back in a minute.” Cait stood but I waved for her to sit back down, “No, you can finish eating.” 
“You sure?” she asked, I nodded and walked alone to the bathroom.
 There were only three stalls in this bathroom which I thought seemed inconsiderate for a school with this many students. I looked around, no one seemed to be in here. I walked to the closest stall and took care of business. I walked out to a still deserted bathroom and started washing my hands. I decided to be a good girl and fix my make up too. While reapplying my lip gloss, I noticed someone in the stall beside the one I used. Their legs were straight almost hanging out from the door which I found odd. Her heels weren’t even touching the floor they pointed out like when the wicked witch of the east was killed in the wizard of oz.
 “Hello? Are you okay?” I asked knocking on the stall, but it wasn’t locked and opened to show quite a sight. A gruesome sight that, had I eaten the veal and spaghetti would now be on the bathroom floor. Rose Fillmore with a rope around her neck, and from the looks of it she was dead. I looked up to see a hole in the ceiling where I assumed made quite a thud when it broke and hit her. I didn’t know what else to do but scream. I did that for I don’t know how long. I kept shrieking till someone came in. I sat on the floor facing Rose’s body in shock, until a teacher walked in took one look at why I screamed and quickly dialed the police. Mrs. Kross pulled me to my feet and away from the scene. I couldn’t stop picturing it though, Rose’s body limp and lifeless dangling over the toilet she probably slipped on attempting to hang herself. 
David and Caitlin were in the front of the crowd forming in front of the bathroom; Mrs. Kross handed me over to David and promptly left to keep everyone out of the bathroom. I was crying. I don’t know when it started, or why I just couldn’t hold back the sobs, but I just grabbed onto David’s shirt tightly and cried. 
He was stunned and confused but he just held me. “It’s okay,” he said as he rubbed my back hoping to soothe me. We pulled away from the crowd along with Caitlin and Josh and sat near the front doors. I calmed down after some time and moved from David’s lap. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered, my voice was hoarse from crying. I didn’t want to close my eyes anymore because I kept picturing Rose. 
“What happened?” Caitlin asked as she tried to smooth my hair and push it away from my face. 
“She’s dead… it… it looked like she killed herself,” I whispered still trying to hold back the tears that were starting again. 
“Dead? Who’s dead?” David said moving his chair closer to mine.
 “Rose… Rose Fillmore,” I said losing my battle with tears and starting to cry again. David lifted me over to his lap again and held me tightly as I cried some more. 
The Walterville Police arrived shortly after. They questioned the teachers and then came to ask me what I saw, since I was the one to find the body. David and Caitlin didn’t leave my side each holding one of my hands, as the police recorded my statement. After I finished, we decided it was best to go home. David was holding my hand, “Are you okay?” he asked softly as we walked towards the limo. We all got in and David stayed close to me, “I know that was traumatic, and if you want to cry  some more you can.” He said as he wrapped his arm around me pulling me closer to him. I sniffled but said I was fine. Even though I was anything but. They understood and just kept their worried comments to themselves.
 Caitlin insisted on sleeping over to make sure I was okay. I had no choice but to agree. The limo pulled in front of my house and David was struggling to part with me but relented and Caitlin took my arm as we went into the house. Krystal was surprised to see us home at nine but once she saw my face she knew something happened. I slipped to my room as Caitlin recanted what happened to Aunt Krystal. I felt numb and shocked. How could that possibly happen to someone I knew. How could I possibly get to sleep after that? Why would someone do that to themselves? 
I changed and threw on an enormous shirt for a pajama and Caitlin quietly slipped into my room and changed. “Rena… I’m here for you for anything,” she said as she laid in bed beside me. After a few moments though I could tell she had fallen asleep. I didn’t sleep much, I couldn’t shake the image of Rose’s body from my mind. I couldn’t close my eyes without seeing it over and over again. It felt like I was living a nightmare.
Caitlin woke me the next morning when she tried to slide out of my bed. “Damn, I’m sorry, Rena, I didn’t mean to wake you,” she said when she noticed me shift. “How are you doing?” she asked, concern was obvious all over her face. 
 “I feel a little better,” I said sitting up in bed to face her. 
“Would it be okay if I left and met up with Josh? I can call Dave if you still want company.”
 “Thanks but I can call Dave… It’s okay, Cait, leave.” Cait looked at me, sat on my bed beside me and hugged me. Worry was all over her face. This was probably the most attention Caitlin had ever paid to me lately, and it made me remember why we were best friends in the first place. She was there when it mattered and that was the most important thing to remember.
 “I know that was scary and I can’t imagine what you saw but you’ll be okay.” She let go of me and walked to my bathroom. That was probably the most honest, and caring thing Caitlin had said to me in a long time. 
After Caitlin left, Aunt Krystal insisted on talking to me before she left for work. It was about how important it was to move on and not blame myself for this blah, blah, blah. She went on for twenty more minutes but David arrived and saved me from more of Krystal’s medical jargon about PTSD and depression.

Chapter 6: Recovery
“Hi, Krystal.” David said surprised that she answered the door, “is Rena around?”
 “Sure… I’m just leaving… behave.” Krystal said as she grabbed her keys and left. David saw me on the couch in a new set of pjs watching the news about what happened.
 “Why are you watching that crap?” he asked as he sat down and grabbed the remote and changed the channel. He put his arm around me and started surfing through channels.  “What do you want to do today?” David asked. I shrugged in reply. I really wasn’t up to do anything other than what I was already doing. 
“You hungry?” I shrugged again, “How about you get dressed and I get you a huge root beer float” He said looking at me to gauge my response. 
“Sure. Give me fifteen minutes” I said as I ran upstairs to change. “All better?” I asked as I walked downstairs in jeans and an outdated Napoleon Dynamite shirt.
 “I have no clue why you picked that shirt but better,” he said as he grabbed my hand and we walked to his car. We got into his car and David headed in the direction of The Scoop. “You scared the hell out of me last night… I was so worried about you. I couldn’t sleep” David said almost as soon as we got in the car.
 “Yeah, well I got the crap scared out of me.” I muttered hoping this conversation wouldn’t last long. 
“Are you okay? You can tell me if you’re not.” He said touching my hand and quickly looking over at me. 
“I couldn’t sleep much… I couldn’t close my eyes without seeing her.” I said trying to will myself not to cry. David just held my hand firmly. It was reassuring, and I knew he was genuinely worried about me.
 “I wish you didn’t have to see that.” He said softly, barely audible. He parked and we walked towards the diner. We walked in and it was notably empty for a Saturday. “Away game,” Dave said almost reading my mind, “I think Cait said it’s in Jenkintown.” I nodded and we walked to the hostess stand for a table. She sat us almost exactly where we were the last time we were here. “Do you want a root beer float?” Dave asked as he opened the menu to scan through it. 
“Yeah… I’m kind of starved I think a burger is in order, too.” 
“That sounds good,” he added as he closed his menu and looked at me, intently. He stared at me for several moments that felt like an eternity. I looked at him surprised. He looked tired and worried, which I guess he was, but it seemed so much heavier than just me, and what happened. What was he thinking about?
“Can I take your orders?” Jesse said disrupting my thoughts. I looked over. He looked as good as he always did. His hair was slightly messy, and his tall stature looked great in jeans and a t-shirt. I actually felt happier seeing him, in spite of my traumatic experience. 
“Hi, can I get a root beer float and a cheeseburger and fries.” He looked at me oddly but only for a moment and then asked David.
 “I’ll have the same thing.” David said noticing the exchange. 
“Great…I’ll get that going.” I nodded but Jesse seemed to be unmoving.
 “Is there anything else?” I asked looking up at him watching me. 
“Nothing … I heard what happened last night… are you okay?” Jesse said sounding completely unlike himself. I must have looked shocked because he added, “I don’t wanna know what you saw just how you’re feeling.” His velvety voice was practically caressing me. 
 “I’ve been better,” I mumbled as I looked at him. He nodded and walked off. I sighed loudly, too loudly in fact when Jesse left. “I feel like a freak, Dave.” 
“Why do you say that?” He said the annoyance leaving his face as soon as I spoke.
 “Because now I’m just going to be that girl that found a dead body at the Junior Dance.” 
“No, you are not…” he said touching my hand. “Rena… I think … I don’t know maybe this should wait.” He peaked my interests, I was willing to change the topic to anything but last night. 
“What? You can’t just start and not tell me.” I said a bit forcefully. 
“Well yesterday… I was so worried about… I can’t just … I can’t just…” he was obviously nervous and fidgeting with his hair and hands as he spoke completely avoiding my gaze. “I can’t just be your friend… last night made me realize I wanna be here to console you… to protect you from this,” David said softly only looking up at me when he finished. I was again shocked. 
I didn’t even know how to start to say something to what he just said to me, but thankfully I was saved when Jesse came bearing our floats and burgers.
 “Do you need anything else?” Jesse asked giving me another peculiar look but then turned and left when we didn’t say anything. 
“Dave… I can’t… I don’t even know what to say.” I really didn’t, I was at a complete loss of words. Actually I was at a complete loss of thoughts. That’s how confused I was.
“Say we can try this out… we will make it work I promise,” Dave said grabbing my hand, almost pleading with me, how could I say no to someone who was almost pleading with me. I didn’t want to hurt him, he was my best friend.
I felt the blood rushing to my face, “Our friendship is the most important thing I have… you can’t keep a promise like that Dave.”
 “I will… I will do anything and everything to make you happy,” he said, the urgent pleading still evident in his voice. I wasn’t exactly sure if this was smart but what else could I say? He was my best friend, I didn’t want to break his heart and maybe, just maybe there was a small chance that he was right.
 “I guess we could try it,” I said sounding a bit defeated but David didn’t noticed, he stood up and sat beside me in one fluid movement and kissed me again. This kiss was different, deeper, urgent, and longer. It was actually not a terrible kiss but it didn’t feel like I thought it was supposed to. Granted, I  had no other expierence. He stopped abruptly.
 “I guess I should let you eat now,” he said with a small smile, his hand still touching my cheek. He moved back to where he was sitting and started on his fries. I couldn’t believe that all this was happening to me. It was like someone had thrown my life in to a blender.
Yesterday, I was a completely content, sixteen year old girl. Today I was a trauma victim, who happened to accidentally start dating her best friend. Damn! What was going on? I started on my burger but noticed I needed ketchup. 
“What’s wrong?” David asked as I put my burger down. 
“No ketchup.” I said starting to slide out the booth.
“I’ll get you some,” he said standing.
 “No, I’ll just go to the counter and get it. Its fine. Eat.” I said as I stood and strode over to the counter. “Excuse me? Can I get a ketchup bottle?” I asked trying to get the dark haired guy’s attention in the kitchen.
 Jesse turned around, “Sure thing.” I was surprised that I didn’t recognize him from behind, but he quickly appeared with a ketchup bottle in hand, he leaned forward on the counter before he handed me the ketchup bottle, “I thought you guys weren’t dating?” he asked with a knowing smirk on his face. 
“Um… I think we are now.” I said suddenly feeling really ashamed.
 “You think? The guy just kissed you, I’d take that as you are.” I shrugged, he just laughed, his laugh was like music to my ears, I knew I was blushing when he stopped. “Well you better figure it out soon… and don’t forget what I said, Ren,” he said the smirk gone, his face completely serious. I nodded and grabbed the ketchup bottle. I hoped I wasn’t as red as the bottle when I got back to the table.
 “What took you so long?” David asked between bites.
“No one was around,” I said as I started smothering my meal in ketchup. David seemed to accept that and left me to eat in silence, mostly.
 After about fifteen minutes, Jesse came back over with the receipt, “Want desert or anything guys?” Jesse asked first and when we shook our heads he handed Dave the receipt, giving me that same weird look he had given me earlier when I first ordered. It was like a taunt or like a dare to heed his warning. I ignored it, Dave paid quickly and we walked towards the door, where Dave grabbed my hand somewhere between that walk. 
We got into his Ford Escape and he started the engine, “Where to now beautiful?” I was surprised by the compliment, it was very un-David but now we were dating; what did I expect? I didn’t mention anything about it.
“I’m really not in the mood to do much.” I said shifting the passenger seat back to lay down.
“You can mope if you want, I get it,” David said. “Do you want me to stay with you till Krystal gets home?” I nodded. Of course, I didn’t want to be alone to think about what I saw, but I hoped I wouldn’t regret being alone with Dave for that long. 
We arrived at my house and Dave and I decided on a movie. something to cheer me up were David’s words. We settled for Happy Gilmore. David put his arm over my shoulders and pulled me closer to him as we watched the movie. If this is what dating entailed I could get used to it, but I’ve seen Caitlin over the years. I knew what happened and this was only the beginning. I laid my head on his chest and David did seem to be okay with it because he kissed the top of my head when I did it. My legs were on the couch to the side of me, until David thought I looked uncomfortable and moved them so my legs were hanging over one of his legs. He settled back into the movie, quietly stroking my back. He was a really nice guy, maybe I had made a good decision. David was a great best friend, why couldn’t he be a great boyfriend. That is probably the moment I got accustomed to the idea of dating David, and started to believe I could forget Jesse and his warnings. 
“Do you wanna watch something else?” David asked as the credits started rolling.
 “I guess… another comedy?” I muttered as I shifted so Dave could move.
 “Sure,” he said standing up and looking through the shelves of DVDs “what about… the wedding singer? Keep it an Adam Sandler day?” I nodded and David started the movie. We were in the same position as before, but David started talking so I assumed I should look up at him, “See this is exactly what our relationship will be like…like our friendship was, only better” David said as he kissed my lips, softly, and then kissed me again, similar to the way he kissed me in the diner, only longer. His kiss deepened as I felt his tongue. He was cupping my face with one of his large hands, while the other slid down my arm, giving me goose bumps. He moved both his hands to my waist and lifted me to sit on his lap. This wasn’t terrible but we were moving fast. I mean technically we had only been dating for a couple hours.
 “Dave,” I whispered between kisses, “I think we need to slow down.” He looked at me for a moment and nodded, I slid over to start sitting on the couch. I looked at him for a moment as he avoided my gaze. “Dave?” I said hoping to gain back his attention.
 “I’m sorry.” He whispered.
“What are you sorry for?” I asked confused. 
“I took it too far.” He said finally looking at me.
 “No…it was fine… I just don’t want to rush all of this… I like this…we have time for everything else later.” I said kissing his cheek.
 He looked at me, “You aren’t mad?” I shook my head, why would I be mad about a guy kissing me like that even if it was just Dave. “Okay,” Dave said as he wrapped his arm over my shoulder again, pulled me towards him, and then he kissed my forehead. 

“Dave, your phone is ringing” I said awaking from a slight sleep, “Dave?” I said looking up and seeing he was asleep too. I shook his arm, “Your phone.” 
“Oh sorry didn’t mean to wake you.” He said as he kissed me quickly and dug his phone out of his back pocket. He looked at it for a moment, “Oh it’s not important” he said and ignored it.
 “Who was it?”
 “No one,” he said as he put it in his pocket again.
A few minutes later my phone rang, it was Caitlin. “Hey Cait what’s up?” 
“Are you okay? Still with Dave?” 
“Yeah and yeah… Cait guess what.” I said excitedly. 
“What?” She said sounding a bit annoyed. 
“Are you okay? Something wrong?” I asked sensing her irritability. 
“No… we just lost the game today.” She replied but I didn’t really believe it. What was up with the weird lies lately?
 “Oh okay sorry… but um me and Dave are official.” David looked at me and smiled, he grabbed my hand and kissed it.
 “You’re dating Dave?” she asked surprised.
“Yup.” I replied happily.
 “Wow, that’s surprising congrats,” she said her usual happy self, “Let me tell Dave too.” I handed over the phone and David rolled his eyes. 
“Um thanks… yeah … shut up Caitlin… Okay bye.” David said and hung up the phone. 
 “What was that?” I asked curiously.
“She did the friend speech the I will hurt your face if you hurt my friend speech.” I laughed, that was very Caitlin.  
“I guess it’s time for another movie we can fall asleep to,” David said as he stood to go through the shelves. He was taking longer to decide so I decided to turn on the news and see what happened today about Rose Fillmore. All day, there was a huge crowd in front of the Fillmore house making it almost impossible to get down the street but the case was still in the air whether or not it was murder or suicide. 
 A decision has been made in the Fillmore case, today it was ruled as a suicide by Walterville Police, the decision will be finalized when the toxicology reports return in the next few weeks. David stopped and watched without any protest.
 “That’s it?” I said “Case closed?” I couldn’t believe it.  
“It looks like that”, he said, I knew he knew her death shook me to my core… but what David didn’t know was… I knew this was wrong. I felt it, I saw it, I knew her, she would never kill herself. It just wasn’t Rose. She was a nice religious girl that believed every problem had a solution. The harder question was if I knew this wasn’t a suicide… who the hell would want to kill her?

Chapter 7: To Investigate or Not?
My haunch about Rose’s murder only grew further when I thought about what I saw. The way she was positioned was like she slipped. If she was trying to kill herself wouldn’t she have purposefully jumped and landed in front of the toilet when the ceiling tile gave out? What was up with the bruises on her upper arms that were an obvious contrast to her pale skin, didn’t that mean someone was holding her? Why was the thud so loud if it was a thin sheet of ceiling that fell and didn’t even directly hit the ground? It wouldn’t have been that loud against her head…could it? Finally, how could she have died so quickly if the tile that was holding the rope fell, it wouldn’t have bore the weight for long, it would have almost completely given out after it was baring all her weight. Could you be strangled in 30 seconds? 
I was turning into my parents… I was overanalyzing everything I possibly could. Everything that could lead to it being considered a murder case were strictly circumstantial and there was nothing clear enough to actually make a case, but against all my better instincts I knew this was a murder and it should be treated like so. 
After David left, I went back and forth with the idea of whether to ask my parents to investigate the case or not. They were on a huge case in Arizona, Phoenix to be exact, helping track and profile a serial killer. My parents were some of the best profilers. They were called in privately to a lot of local police stations not ready to hand their work over to the FBI because they had no government affiliations. 
I called my mother earlier and told them about the dance, but insisted they stay where they were even though my mother was worried sick. Krystal had everything under control, she even set up a psych evaluation for me more to make sure I was coping properly. I was seriously not looking forward to that in a few weeks. 
When I knew my parents wouldn’t be coming back I had to figure out what I could do to solve this. I thought about it all night, and all of Sunday, still I couldn’t figure it out. I couldn’t come up with any positive conclusion. Monday seemed to come too quickly. David arrived, with Caitlin in the back seat. “Hi,” I said as I slid into the passenger seat. 
“So what did you do yesterday? You didn’t answer my calls.” David said as I put my seatbelt on, he kissed my cheek.
 “I caught up on my sleep…  I slept all day.” I said avoiding their worried stares.
 “Oh, okay feeling better?” he asked as he seized my hand and held it firmly.
 “What did you do yesterday, Cait?” I asked trying to keep the conversation away from me.
“Nothing. Hung around bored because my best friend was sleeping.” I rolled my eyes, she seemed angry, about what I had no clue. That was very Caitlin.
We pulled up to the school shortly after; it was a quiet ride from my house. I couldn’t figure out why Cait was mad at me. I walked to my locker and Jesse was there. I was shockingly surprised. “Listen, I’m really not in the mood for another…lecture,” I said as I opened my locker. 
“I’m not here to lecture you,” he said, his arms crossed over his chest, his smoking body resting on the locker beside mine. “I was just going to ask you how it was going?” He said with a smile, obviously mocking me.
 “You couldn’t ask me in one of the many classes we have together?” I replied as I turned to face him. Big Mistake! He was like the sun, too hot to directly look at.  
“Well this way we get it out there and you don’t have to bother talking to me for the rest of the day.” He said, still mocking me.
 “You know I don’t mind talking to you.” I said with a sigh.
“I know but they do,” he said seeing David and Cait stop as they noticed I was talking to Jesse. 
“It’s great … just peachy is that what you wanted to know?” I groaned. 
“Yup… see you later,” he said as he walked away throwing his backpack over his broad, muscular shoulders. 
“What was that about?” Dave said looking over as Jesse walked further down the hall. 
“He just wanted to see if we had any math homework.” I said with a shrug.  
“Is there something up with you two?” Cait said still sounding angry with me. “Since when does he talk to you?” she said making the word ‘you’ sound like she was disgusted. What was up with her lately?
“We always talked… we are still friends, Cait.” I said getting annoyed with her, “Just because you broke up doesn’t really change that.” Cait’s face scrunched up in disgust.
  “Well I hope you enjoy that friendship because you don’t have mine,” she said as she turned around and stomped away. 
“What the hell is wrong with her?” I said turning around to David.
 “You and Jesse don’t talk why did you say that?” David asked confused at the whole exchange. 
“She was being a bitch are you taking her side?” I asked, a little annoyed.
 “She was, but that was mean, Ren.” David said shaking off the confused look on his face and looking disappointed. 
“So she can be a bitch but I can’t?” I said a bit loudly. How come I got blamed for giving Caitlin the same treatment that she was giving me? 
The bell rang just then and I walked off to my first class. I sat in my usual seat with Jesse in front of me, but Caitlin sat on the other end of the classroom. “Did you two have a falling out?” Jesse said with a knowing smile.
 “You’re such a dick.” I said my resentment obvious on my face.
 “What did I do,” Jesse said stunned, turning around to face me.
 “You knew Cait would be pissed about us talking.” I said still angry despite his ocean blue eyes focusing on me.
 “I didn’t know that!” He said a little loudly that the people close to us looked as well as Caitlin. “Listen” he said quieter this time, “I have to tell you something that’s why I’ve been talking to you.” He shifted so only I could see his face, “If I call you this week get to The Scoop asap… you won’t believe me until you see it.” He looked straight at me, focused completely on me, “Okay?”
 I nodded stunned, “What is it about?” I asked, my inquisitiveness was definitely getting the better of me. 
 “You have to wait… I don’t want you to be mad at me… and you will be if you don’t see it.” I was utterly confused, what could Jesse say that would make me angry?
 “I don’t think that’s possible…Jess what’s up?” I said hoping he would just cave and tell me.  
“No, I saw how you reacted with the whole Cait thing. Just wait,” he said as he turned back around in his seat. Caitlin glared at me the whole entire class, what could I do about that? I really didn’t understand how talking to Jesse would make her this angry. She messed up things with him. She had Josh. I was her best friend. Didn’t she know I would never betray her trust?
I spent the day back and forth thinking about Jesse’s little secret, and what the hell was wrong with me, and why I thought Rose’s death was a homicide. I barely noticed anything else. I caught Jesse looking at me curiously in some of our shared classes, but he never said another word. Lunch was where I actually had to try and not be a zombie.  “Dave, you don’t get it…I really think it’s so weird. She couldn’t have killed herself.” 
“Rena, you are starting to obsess…let’s talk about something else.” He said, caressing my hand on the lunch table. 
“But… I mean why was she even there. She’s not even allowed to date.” I said frustrated that he wouldn’t listen to me.  
Cait sat her tray across from me, “Actually Randell Wilson was her date,” she said looking calmer than she did in first period. 
“Randell Wilson, the tackle?” she nodded in agreement.
 “Josh told me… I have no idea why he would ask her.” Caitlin said emphasizing the ‘her’ with her blatant revulsion. “But I hear that they had a huge fight when they met up and they both left.” 
“Huge fight? When?” I asked becoming curious. Isn’t that something people would notice? 
“When it first started they were arguing when we first got into the dance.” I thought about it and Caitlin was right there was yelling I just ignored it to prefer the musical styling’s of Fallout Boy. Maybe I wasn’t as good at this as my parents were. 
“Cait, shut up.” Dave said sounding irritated. 
“Why? I was just answering her questions.” She said defensively.
“It’s not healthy for Rena to be obsessing over this.” Dave said, his voice tinged with the worry he was expressing to me earlier. 
 “Dave, lighten up… she’s curious. It’s in her blood her parents are detectives,” Caitlin said making it seem like it was the most normal thing in the world. 
“I’m sorry, Cait.” I said when it got quiet. 
“For what?” She asked her cheery, high pitched voice coming back.
“This morning… I shouldn’t have yelled at you.” I said genuinely feeling bad for treating my best friend like that. 
 “I was being a bitch you were right… I get it Jesse and you… you guys were good friends why should that have changed when we broke up.” She said, her voice losing some of the merriment it normally held.
“It did, we aren’t friends… well we talk but it’s not like…” I said hoping to make everything better with her. 
“It’s fine…I’d just make sure your boyfriend knew that was all it was.” She said with a small smirk as she looked at David.  
I had a boyfriend…weird. It still sounded odd but I guess I would get used to it hopefully. David and I walked to class and for the first time that day, he held my hand. “The Scoop after school?” he asked when we got to the classroom.
 “Sure why?” I asked, interested in his happy change of mood. 
“To get a bite to eat and you know keep you busy till Krystal gets home.” He said with a worried smile.
“You don’t have to worry about me, Dave.” I said rolling my eyes. I knew it had only been a couple of days but I was starting to feel better.
“But you’re making me worried.” He said giving me the saddest look his hazel eyes could muster. 
I sighed, “Okay, I’ll drop it, is that what you want?” I remarked exasperated.
He nodded, “if you don’t mind.”
 “Okay it’s dropped,” I said annoyed. 
We sat in class, but I didn’t dare to say another word to him. Dave looked at me apologetically for most of the class but he didn’t say a word either. This was not going right. Dave and I never fought but recently that’s all we could do… besides he was being irrational about this whole Rose Fillmore thing. I had to figure out the truth, and if that meant doing that behind his back I guess I’d have to deal. It looked like Caitlin was willing to help me out which seemed like a positive. 
“Are you mad?” Dave asked as we walked out of the lab. 
“No…but why don’t you trust that I’m right?” I asked trying to hide my disappointment.
“Rena you are not a detective… I get you are curious. I’ve met your parents I know where you get it from…but this is a matter for the police. Leave it alone.” I understood what he was saying so I really couldn’t push myself to stay mad at him. He stopped at my locker with me, his look of worry was obvious then he kissed my cheek and headed to his class. I understood his perspective I just couldn’t accept it. Than Jesse showed up at my locker shortly after David disappeared. 

Chapter 8: Trouble in Paradise?
“So… trouble in paradise?” Jesse said with a sarcastic grin.
 “What are you spying on me?” I asked as I turned around to face him. How did he always look so good? 
 “No, but it’s obvious it’s been all day.” He said the teasing evident in his tone. 
“My you are observant… but just for little ole me?” I said as I slammed my locker shut. 
 “What’s up?” he asked his smile left and changed into an expression of worry.
“Nothing I’ve just got this really bad feeling.” I said, hoping not to fight with him about this too.
“About Dave?” Jesse seemed surprised and somewhat relieved.
“Um…no about the Rose Fillmore murder.” I said suspicious of his last statement.
 “Murder? I thought they ruled it as a suicide?” His gaze raising and looking intently at my face, I swallowed and eventually remembered to breathe. We started walking towards class.
 “They did but it’s wrong…I don’t know how, but it is” Jesse looked at me for a moment, I guess trying to determine if I was serious. “Why would she do it? How could she have done it? It just didn’t add up right?” I said looking at Jesse hoping he wouldn’t think I was as crazy as David made me feel. 
“Well I don’t know anything about it maybe you can tell me ?” Jesse asked.
 “Do you believe me?” I was shocked. This is what it felt like to not seem crazy.
 “Of course…if I learned one thing by living in Walterville it’s that Solis hunches should not be taken lightly.” He said a joking smile coming to his face.
 I looked at him, surprised, shocked, relieved. He believed me, just from face value. “Do I get the rest of the story then?” Jesse asked as we walked into study hall. 
I nodded, “Whenever you want it.” He sat beside me, contrary to alphabetical order. 
“Tell me everything,” he said looking for a notebook. In study hall there was no talking, so we could quietly concentrate on our homework. I wrote down everything I could possibly think of and passed the notebook back to Jesse. He quietly read and a wave of emotions flew over his face. “Randell Wilson?” he whispered in disbelief. “I heard he was seeing someone but I didn’t think it was Rose.” Jesse said until he was shushed by Mr. Liberman.  Jesse used to be on the football team but after everything that happened with Cait and Josh he couldn’t stand to be on the same team with him. Jesse talked to some of the guys still but he wasn’t as in the loop as he used to be. 
He handed me the notebook, why would he invite her I thought I heard his relationship was strictly of the booty call nature Jesse wrote.
 I don’t know…maybe she wanted more and heard the rumors leading to their fight, I scribbled into the book and slid it over to him. 
But those rumors had been going on for weeks… she would have known… and how do you think that led to her death? Jesse quickly wrote back.  
Well he killed her but I don’t have a clear motive yet… or she killed herself because she was so distraught over the breakup… and those bruises…he had to of at least been physical with her. I retorted. 
Jesse’s face was in complete disbelief. “I can’t believe it,” he whispered the shock still present in his quieted speech.  
Study hall ended and I started towards my locker, but Jesse was following me, “So what are you going to do about it?”  He was about as curious as I was. Finally, someone who understood how important this was, too bad Dave and Cait would flip if I told them.
 I shrugged, “Dave told me I needed to stop obsessing… it was unhealthy.” I said deflating a little. 
“But you’re right,” Jesse said with certain conviction. 
“Until I get solid evidence I can’t do anything,” I said opening my locker. 
“Well we can try to follow Randell or something,” Jesse said leaning a little too closely towards me. I felt the blood rushing to my face. I really needed to get my feelings in check if he was going to be around more. I had a boyfriend now.
“Maybe… we’ll talk about it tomorrow… see you later,” I said as I closed my locker.
 “Later?” he asked perplexed.
“Heading to The Scoop with Dave.” I said with a smile. 
 “Okay, see you later” Jesse said as he walked towards his locker. 
“You and Jesse are just BFFs now.” Dave said as I reached his locker. 
“We were just talking about history class.” I said hoping he didn’t recognize my obvious lie.
 “You two seemed to be talking about class a lot lately.” His accusing tone wasn’t missed.
“Dave.” I sighed. 
 “What? Just stating my observations.” He said pretending to be the victim in this situation.
 “Nothing is happening… I’m dating you… as in it doesn’t matter how much I thought I liked him… you are my boyfriend.” I said staring straight into his eyes.
“Liked? Like you’re over him?” I didn’t want to tell David the truth about that either… of course I wasn’t over Jesse it had been a day… and I liked the boy for about two years. 
“Yup, we are just friends.” I said with a forced smile, that the old David would have seen right through but not this David, he seemed happy with my response. 
“Wow, I never thought I’d see the day when you were over him.” I smiled, hoping it didn’t look as phony as it felt. 
Cait didn’t meet us afterschool because she had cheerleading practice. It was just Dave and I at The Scoop. Jesse as usual was our waiter. 
“Hey long time no see, guys,” he said but didn’t seem to be paying much attention to Dave and looked at me a bit too long, at least for my comfort or Dave’s.  
“Strawberry milkshake… order of mega fries,” I asked trying to hide my smile from both boys. 
“What about you, Dave?” Jesse said still barely glancing his way. 
“Root beer float.” David said barely noticing Jesse’s contempt of our relationship.
 “Okay, be back in a few.” Jesse said as he walked away. 
“I think we need to find another place to eat.” Dave said once Jesse was out of earshot.
 “But this is one of the best places in town.” I said in disbelief. 
“Yeah, but he’s always our waiter.” David said, annoyance flashed quickly over his boyish features.
 I shrugged, “I don’t mind… he’s nice…quick…” 
 “But you used to like him it’s weird to be on a date and your waiter is your old crush.” David said, cutting me off. 
“He’s my friend… and that is a little weird but it’s not embarrassing.” I added, “Relax, you’ve been so stressed today” I said giving his hand a squeeze.
 “Yeah, I guess you are right.” He said relaxing a little with the contact.  
“I am. You don’t wanna have a heart attack by twenty five” I said with a genuine smile. 
“So did you get any homework?” David asked after several moments of silence.
 “Not much” I said already bored with the conversation. 
“What is going on in that head of yours, Rena?” I couldn’t possibly tell him the truth that I was comparing him and Jesse on almost every aspect I could fathom. That was not a good thing to tell your boyfriend, even with my lack of experience I knew better.
 “I can’t forget about it… there is just something pulling me to her.” I said looking down. 
“Well you need to understand that you are not your parents and you need to leave it alone.” He said a little firmly. This was going to be a problem. 
“I get it.” I murmured back, exhausted from talking about my so-called obsession.
Jesse came bearing our food.
 “Problem?” he said when he placed our food on the table.
 “No… no it’s just…Jesse you believe me?” I asked, hoping not to feel like I was insane for a few moments.
 “Believe you about what?” David looked at us oddly, aggravation clearly showing. 
“What I told you.” I said hoping he wouldn’t change his story.
 “Of course… Rena is right that whole case is sketchy.” Jesse said showing the same conviction he had shown when I first told him. A wave of relief flowed over me.
“You’re agreeing with her?” Dave scoffed at Jesse in disbelief.
 “Dude, she is Rena Solis!” Jesse said emphasizing my last name. 
“But it’s crazy… it was an open and shut case… wouldn’t the police have noticed all the things Rena did?” David said, and honestly he had me there.
 “They have made mistakes in the past, that’s why my parents have a job.” I added getting defensive. Jesse looked at me shocked, a surprised smile on his face. I think he was enjoying the argument. 
 “Rena, can we not talk about this now?” David added looking irritated because Jesse hadn’t left yet. 
“Fine.” I said crossing my arms over my chest and looking at Jesse. “Thanks Jess.” I said trying to sound sincere. Jesse smiled and walked away quickly after that.
“Why did you bring him into this?” David practically hissed at me. 
“Because unlike you David, Jesse actually thinks I’m right.” I said angry and not caring how he felt about it.
 “Rena, you may be right but this is NOT your case…if you want to help tell the police, don’t go looking for trouble.” David said the frustration leaving his tone and the worried one coming back.
 “How am I looking for trouble?”  I asked.
“Because if you’re right and there is a murderer then I’m pretty sure that murderer doesn’t want his secret revealed.” I sat back shocked, I never thought of it that way.
~~~
David dropped me off at home with only a quick peck. He was still angry with me. “Rena! Is that you?” Krystal said in the kitchen. 
“Yeah, what’s up?” I said throwing my backpack and jacket on the railing of the stairs.
 “Can you take this basket and tray to the Fillmores’ house?” She said still remaining in the kitchen. 
  “Sure,” I said, as I walked into the newly remodeled kitchen and reached for a cookie, but Aunt Krystal slapped my hand away. 
“Hey! Those are for the Fillmores.” She reprimanded. 
“So they can eat their feelings but I can’t?” I asked disappointed.
“Rena,” I rolled my eyes when she said my name.
 “I’m going.” I groaned.
“Did something happen with you and Dave?” Krystal asked a flash of concern crossing her pretty features.
“We just had a fight…he’s still mad.” I said grabbing the basket and the tray of cookies. I can tell you one thing these were not light, even if I only had to lug them across the street. 
I hobbled across the street barely regaining my balance due to the huge weights on each arm. I put the basket on the floor and rang the doorbell.

Chapter 9: Shades of Violet
 Violet opened the door. 
“Hi Violet…this is from me and my aunt Krystal.” I said showing her the basket and tray of cookies.
 “Thanks” she said in a small voice. She grabbed the basket and placed it on a counter full of similar baskets and I followed with my tray. 
“I’m sorry about what happened, Violet.” I said hoping to convey my remorse.
  “Yeah that’s what everyone has been saying… thank you.” She looked at me oddly, “Were you the one that found her?” She asked barely a whisper. I looked up at her in shock. Violet was easily 5’8 where I was a mere 5’3. Her brown eyes were red and swollen, obviously from crying since she heard the news. She looked like she hadn’t slept all weekend and was insistent on staying in her loose, ill fitting pajamas. 
“Yes… I was” I croaked out, feeling even worse about this whole situation.
“Do you think it was suicide?” she asked her voice louder but still shaky. 
“I don’t know.” She looked at me again, her face conveyed a look of disbelief, at least I thought that’s what it was, but it couldn’t be that. 
“So I hear you are dating Dave Reed,” she said trying to change the subject. 
“Um yeah sort of,” I said not really comfortable with this conversation shift. 
“That’s funny… I always thought you had a thing for Jesse Harris,” she said with a small giggle, my face instantly reddened.
 “Um well it’s complicated.” I said not wanting to get into my own conflicted life. 
“I like Dave and all,” she started, “but I thought he had a thing for your friend, Caitlin. I mean I always see them at The Scoop together.” I stiffened; I never knew Dave and Cait hung out without me… maybe it was a while ago. So I shrugged it off and got to the more urgent matter.
I couldn’t hold back I had to ask, “Violet, how long had Rose been seeing Randell?” She looked surprised by my question, maybe she didn’t even know about him to begin with. I felt like a major jerk after I said it.  
“She wasn’t dating Randy…I was.” She said, her voice changing to sound more like her usual tone. Talk about earth shattering information. I looked at her completely stunned by her admission. 
“But…but she went to the dance with Randy? Why didn’t you?” I asked, not being able to hold back.
 “He wanted to talk to Rose… get him to see his point of view…I knew it wasn’t going to be a good night but they insisted.” She said the sadness emerging again. 
“Who insisted?” I pressed on.
“Randy and Rose… they thought if they had a few hours to talk they could come to an agreement.” She continued, even though I knew it was hurting her to think about it.
 “At a dance? What agreement? What were they arguing about?” the questions kept firing, I couldn’t stop them… I had to know.  
“They couldn’t talk here or at school…have you met my dad?” she said looking around. 
“Where’s your family?” I asked surprised that no one had interrupted us.
 “Daisy had a panic attack, they are in the emergency room with her.” Violet said looking down at her feet. “Anyways, they were arguing about me and Randell,” she said looking at me, to determine whether I got what she was saying. 
“So you are Randell’s so called ‘booty call’?”
 “I’m not a booty call! Randy and I love each other.” she added defensively “Where did you hear that?” she said, her young age showing on her face for once.
“The football team.” she seemed pissed now. 
“He couldn’t have said that.” Violet said, trying to push the negativity away. 
“What did they have to talk about that you weren’t involved in the conversation?” I asked. She looked down at her feet. She was really starting to seem like the fourteen year old she was. 
“Rose didn’t want us together…none of my family did… but I love him… and with the baby I knew we were always going to be together.” She said, tears filling her eyes again.
“Baby? Are…are you pregnant, Violet?” I said completely astounded by her confession.  She nodded tears rolling down her face, she was just a girl, and there she was getting ready to have a baby. 
“Don’t tell anyone, okay? Nobody knows but Rose and Randy” she said pleading with me. 
“I won’t tell anyone.” I whispered still not absorbing the magnitude of the situation. “So is that what Rose and Randy wanted to talk about?” I asked trying to not sound shaky.
 “Yeah… Rose wanted me to tell dad and keep it but Randy wanted me to get an abortion.” 
“What do you think?” She seemed surprised by my question. 
“I don’t know what… I was raised to believe abortion was wrong… but Randy said it’s too soon to start our family and we should wait until he was drafted into the NFL.” I rolled my eyes; talk about low standards… the NFL? 
“So you were going to get an abortion?” I continued.
“I don’t know… I didn’t want to upset my family especially now… but they would disown me if I did do it and if they found out I even thought about it… but I want to make Randy happy.” I fell onto the couch. I couldn’t take this. I couldn’t process all the information she was giving me. What the hell was going on over here?
 “But what do you want Violet?” I said looking as sincere and caring as I possibly could, “Forget about what everyone wants for you what do you want?” she looked surprised and taken aback by what I said. 
“No one has asked me that before” she said astonishment visible in her voice. “I think I want to keep it,” was what she whispered after a short silence. 
“Then that is what you should do,” I said. 
She cried quietly, for several moments, “Rena, Randy said they had a huge fight Friday and he left after the argument… did you see him leave?”
 “No, but Caitlin told me the same thing.” I whispered back.  
“So you think it’s true?” She asked, hope visible on her face.
 “That Randy didn’t hurt Rose? I guess but I’m not sure.” I added honestly, trying to reassure her. I stroked her hair hoping to comfort her.
 “Thank you Rena… you have been so helpful.” She said hugging me. 
“Why don’t you come over and have dinner with me and my aunt tonight?” I asked, hoping she would accept and not stay here wallowing.
 “No I’d rather stay home,” she said looking down at her stomach.
 “How far along are you?” I asked.
She touched her stomach unconsciously, “Seven weeks,” she whispered. 
I left shortly after leaving Violet with her thoughts and me with mine. Violet was going to think about her life, and I was going to figure out Rose’s murder. I walked back into my house, “Mission accomplished!” 
Aunt Krystal came out of the kitchen, “You were there for a while.”
 “I was talking to Violet.” Krystal and I went back and forth for some time talking about school, the Fillmores, and my parents during dinner but Krystal let me go to my room right after thankfully. I dropped onto my bed and stared at the ceiling, I felt like I had the most clarity when I just stared at nothing. 
Was Rose so convincing that Randy couldn’t do anything but kill her? Could he be that angry? Well if your dreams are of the NFL, a child in high school is certainly not going to help the situation. Maybe that was it. It was eight pm and I needed to vent… but I couldn’t tell anyone about Violet, she had promised me to secrecy. I couldn’t trust Dave with this he would just yell at me for obsessing, and Caitlin didn’t have a secret keeping bone in her body.  So I called the only logical choice…Jesse. The phone rang several times and then he answered, “Hello?”
 “Hi Jesse?” I asked, hoping it was him. 
“Yeah, Rena?” 
“Yeah, um do you mind if I vent?” I asked self consciously.
 “Sure, what about?” he replied.
“I think I figured it out… everything about Rose’s death.”  I said starting in on the long story.
“What? How?” I knew he would have a million questions. His curiosity was about as bad as mine. 
“I went and talked to Violet,” I started and I told him everything. I couldn’t hold back anything. He interrupted me when I got to the whole Dave and Cait thing but I conveniently left out the part about him. 
“I have to tell you something… but finish first.” I shrugged it off and continued with the whole pregnancy thing. “Oh my god… it was Randy?” He shouted in disbelief. 
“Yeah, that is my best bet” I added, “so what did you have to tell me?”
“Rena… don’t be mad with me but since Violet pretty much told you I thought as your friend I should tell you everything.” He said, he was starting to worry me. Where was this conversation going? 
“Everything? About what? Did I miss something?” I was confused, I thought I solved the case but maybe Jesse knew more than I did.
 “Dave and Caitlin…meet up at The Scoop almost every day” 
“Yeah, so Dave and I go there like every day.” I said hoping to sound casual but I knew this didn’t feel right. Why didn’t they tell me that? 
“No but, Dave and Cait don’t act like you and Dave used to.” He added. The dread felt like a ball of lead in my stomach. This did not sound good.
“What are you trying to say?” I asked actually afraid of his next statement.
 “I think they are dating or something” he blurted.
“What… no they can’t be… why would Dave ask me out? Why wouldn’t they tell me?” I said, I couldn’t believe something like that. It didn’t make any sense. Not Dave, maybe Caitlin but Dave would never do that to me.
“I don’t know but…maybe they broke up the last time I saw them together was Sunday.” He said.
“That was yesterday!” I shouted, “We… we were dating then” I was almost on the verge of tears, “How do you know?” I choked out.
“Well I avoid serving Cait at all times, so someone else always serves them, and they sit on the same side, and hold hands and sneak kisses when they think no one is looking.” He continued, and actually felt my heart break. They were my best friends. They wouldn’t do that to me.
“No, you’re wrong… they aren’t … they would have told me.” I whispered, my voice becoming hoarse from holding back sobs. 
“That’s why I didn’t want to tell you I wanted to show you.” Jesse said, his pleading obvious in his voice.
 “That’s what you wanted to show me? That’s why you told me not to date him… because he was seeing my best friend?” I couldn’t even hide the hurt. They really were lying to my face. I fell onto my bed. There had to be a good reason for this and maybe I was missing it.
“Yeah… I didn’t want you to get hurt, Ren… you’re a good girl… you don’t deserve that.” He said sounding almost as sad as I felt.
“The next time they come in call me” I said simply.  
“Okay” he sounded serious, “Ren… I hope you don’t hate me.” That was the moment I knew it I could never hate Jesse. 
“No…you are probably the only real friend I have.” I whispered, through the tears.
“We can talk until you feel better,” he added hoping to lift my spirits. 
“No, I think I need to absorb all of this…I just have one favor.” I said trying to sound like I wasn’t crying. 
“Sure anything.” He said too quickly.
“Can you pick me up for school tomorrow?” I asked, praying he’d agree.
 “Yeah, no problem,” Jesse added a little confused by the request. 
I called David quickly after and said Aunt Krystal was taking me to school. He didn’t question me, which I thought was odd. The old David would have asked a bunch of questions but not my boyfriend, David. I didn’t get much sleep that night. On top of the terrible things I thought Randy had done. I had to deal with the fact that I felt utterly alone and completely stupid for not realizing sooner what was going on. David was a dog, who was using me, and I was planning to break up with him tomorrow. 

Chapter 10: Realizations
I woke up the next morning exhausted. I eventually fell asleep in the early morning hours, but it wasn’t a good sleep. I got ready quickly and walked to my porch hoping Krystal wouldn’t notice that someone else was taking me to school.
 “Why are you waiting outside?” she asked after I walked out the door. 
“Just gotta get to school is all.” I said abruptly stopping the urgent pacing I had been doing.
“Well grab a breakfast bar at least,” she said handing me one she had in her hand. Jesse pulled up then, perfect! 
“Hey Ren… ready?” he said when he stopped his Toyota Corolla in front of my house. 
“Jesse?” Krystal said in disbelief.
“Thanks, Aunt Krystal.” I said before practically sprinting to Jesse’s car.
 “See you later, Krystal.” Jesse shouted before we drove away. 
“She looked surprised to see me.” Jesse said with a wide grin on his face, after he took off. 
“Yeah, I didn’t tell her.” I said feeling guilty.
“Oh,” he said the smile disappearing from his face. “Why not?” The hurt getting past his defenses but quickly disappeared. 
“Because I want to figure it out first.” He nodded in understanding and visibly relaxed.
“What did you tell Dave?” he asked next.
 “Krystal was driving me.” I said again feeling ashamed I wasn’t honest.
 “So in other words he’s going to be pissed when we pull up?” He said with a smirk on his face.
 “Yeah, most likely,” I replied. We arrived at school but David wasn’t there yet. 
“Do you want me to stay close to help out?” Jesse asked, when we started walking towards the school. David drove past when we crossed the parking lot, and I knew he saw me with Jesse. This was going to be a long day.
 “Um stay in ear shot but Dave’s a nice guy he won’t make a scene.” Jesse nodded as he opened the door and held it for me. “Do you mind driving me home today too, Jess?” I asked before we separated in the hall.
 “Of course I’ll drive you for as long as you need.” He said with a friendly smile. I was appreciative to have Jesse around particularly now, he was the nice friend I had been missing since David had turned into my boyfriend. 
We separated and I headed towards my locker, Caitlin was there and looked pissed. “You and Jesse are awfully chummy, what’s up?” I was not in the mood for her but I wasn’t going to tell them what Jesse and Violet told me until I saw it for myself.
 “Nothing is wrong… he just gave me a ride to school.” I said shrugging off her anger.
 “Why? What happened to David?” she asked a shred of worry coming onto her face.
“Nothing, we just had a fight yesterday and I’m kind of over the relationship thing.” I said trying to sound as nonchalant as I could possibly be.
“Ren, it’s been like three days.” She said giving me a stern look that was very unlike her. 
“Yeah, and I don’t think I was ready in the first place so I’m just gonna take a few steps back.” Caitlin looked anxious, “don’t tell Dave, okay?” I said when I saw him at his locker, visibly upset.
 “Yeah, I just don’t get it.” She said confused.
 “It’s not working.” I practically shouted. 
 “Is it Jesse? You don’t like him do you?” she said, anger flaring in her voice. 
“No, there is no one else, Cait, I just don’t think we work as a couple.” Caitlin turned around and noticed David walking towards us.
“You can tell him… I don’t want any part of this,” she said and walked away.
 “Hey Rena… so Krystal dropped you off?” he said looking furious.
“Actually I asked Jesse to pick me up and drop me off from now on, Dave.” I said trying to remain calm. His hands tightened into fists at his sides. “This whole relationship thing between us isn’t working… I miss our friendship and I know you said we could work through anything I just don’t think that is true.” 
He was looking down avoiding my gaze, “You’re with Jesse aren’t you… I swear I’ll kill….” But I stopped him.
 “David! No, it has nothing to do with him. It’s me! I don’t want to be with you!” He looked at me a wave of emotions covering his face, but hurt was the only one I could distinguish. I felt guilty for being so blunt, but he was the one that should feel guilty. He knew what he did.
“If it’s about the whole Rose thing… I’ll let up…don’t leave me because of that,” he said his voice begging me to reconsider. For a moment, I questioned whether or not it could be true. Dave was my best friend. He had never hurt me before, but he was acting differently lately. 
“It’s not that, Dave, I just think we are better as friends… and maybe we should take some time apart before we try to be friends again.” I said almost on the verge of tears. I felt my eyes stinging and my cheeks burning. “We can talk about this later…but I’ve thought about this all night and I’m not changing my mind.” I turned to look inside my locker and avoid the pain visible on his face. I hope Jesse was right because if not I had just ruined the best relationship I would ever have. 
“Can we talk at lunch… off campus or something?” David said trying to not let his emotions show in his voice. I agreed and walked to my first class, putting as much distance as I could between me and Dave.
I walked to first period; Caitlin sat at the other side of the classroom again, I sat behind Jesse. “It sounded bad.” Jesse said as I sat down.
 “Yeah, it was bad.” I said, “I don’t know…maybe I’m being too rash… I’m just taking you and Violet’s word.” 
“Rena, I would never lie to you.” He said looking straight into my eyes causing me to blush. 
“I get that but what if you were mistaken in what you saw.” 
“Ren, you don’t get it. This has been going on since September… I’ve seen it over and over again two or three times a week.” I looked down at my desk, “I get it, he hurt you and all but I’m guessing this was just his way of trying to make Cait take the next step.” I really didn’t want to hear this anymore.
“What do you mean?” I asked confused. 
“Well if I’m right and Cait and Dave are hooking up…then there has to be a reason why Dave wanted you… no offense but the only thing I got is to push Cait into making their relationship official. He thought if he dated you, Cait would get jealous and end your relationship with Dave, wanting to keep him all to herself.” He said it with a calm detachedness. 
“But Cait was happy when I started dating Dave…at least I think.” I said thinking back through the last week. I slumped into my chair, it did make a great deal of sense, but they said they cared about me. How could they both just use me like that? “After I told her it was official on the phone she asked to speak to Dave and he seemed angry during their conversation.” I said starting to believe more what he was telling me. 
 “That’s something.” Jesse said hopeful, “Listen I’m sorry about all this.” He whispered still facing me. 
“Why are you sorry. You’re about the only person that hasn’t done anything to hurt me?” 
“If I stayed your friend despite everything that happened I would have warned you sooner… and you probably never would have went out with Dave.” I looked down at my desk trying to make the tears pooling in my eyes disappear. I didn’t want to cry in class, in front of Jesse.
“It really isn’t your fault.” I said looking up at Jesse hoping my eyes weren’t red and swollen; he just touched my hand and then turned around. Class started shortly after and Jesse didn’t say a word to me. I sat there my hand tingling from his touch and his soft hair inches from my face.  He really was great though, we walked to the same classes we shared together and he even tried to be funny and make me laugh…because in reality I was utterly miserable. 
Lunch was completely awkward. I met David at my locker. He insisted on leaving campus, so we went to the nearby taco bell to talk. I agreed and followed. Jesse didn’t approve of me leaving with him, but he was my friend and the least he deserved was an explanation. Whether it was the whole truth or not I had to tell him something.
 “What’s up, Ren?” David said as he grabbed our bag of tacos.
 “David… you are my best friend… I just can’t do the whole relationship thing.” I said looking down at my taco to unwrap it. I couldn’t lie to his face and I wasn’t ready to admit anything until I had proof.
 “And you couldn’t bring this up maybe this weekend?” Dave retorted angrily. 
“I didn’t want to hurt you…you seemed like you knew it would work out and at first I thought this would be great but Dave all we do is fight.” I said facing him, because this in fact was true. 
“Because you keep doing stuff to piss me off.” He said back. 
“I’m pissing you off?” I scoffed, how could he say that? When he was cheating on me in public. 
 “You have been pushing my buttons this whole time! Hanging out with Jesse….thinking you’re a detective.” He went on.
“Well excuse me for being honest…I told you what I was thinking and what does that get me?” I said raising my voice slightly, at least I thought. 
“Calm down,” David said as he touched my hand but I pulled away. He wasn’t going to blame this all on me and then try to make up. “If it’s Jesse I won’t be mad…if you are seeing him just be up front with me.” He said his voice becoming softer.  
“David, it is not Jesse we are only friends… and even if it was Jesse I would never have cheated on you. Never!” David looked at me for a moment, his face was unreadable. 
“Then what is it?” he asked softly.
“Us… Dave, we are not a couple… we just don’t work that way. I want my best friend back.” I said meaning every word I was saying.
 “Seems like Jesse took that role pretty quickly.” He added resentfully. 
“David! Jesse and I are just friends…that’s all.” I said, growing tired with repeating myself.
 “Why now though? why are you two so close all of a sudden? I’ve seen you two, the way you look at each other like there is no one else around; when I’m right there!” David added angrily, his face was readable then. It looked like he hated me. Hated Jesse. 
 “Why do you hate him so much?” I said trying to remain calm. 
“You don’t get it? He’s using you to make Cait jealous,” David said matter-of-factly.
 “How do you know that?” I said irritated by his attack on Jesse.
 “Because it’s the only way he knows he can hurt her.” He said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. 
“Why does everything have to be about Cait?” I was so close to telling him the truth but what if I was wrong? What if Jesse was the one lying? Had I been so stupid because I had a crush on him?
 “Is it starting to click now?” David said smugly as he saw the emotions flashing on my face. 
I swallowed, “Jesse is a good guy… he didn’t deserve what Cait did to him. No one does.” 
“Cait may have been wrong but Jesse was obsessed with her.”
 “God, where did you get that story? Cait? You know what happened, she was with Jesse for almost two years. Two years, Dave! And she cheated on him constantly…if it wasn’t Josh it was other guys from the football and soccer team. She cheated on him almost their whole relationship and Jesse knew about almost all of them and still forgave her, because he thought he loved her and he actually believed she wouldn’t do it again. But she did it again and again; Cait doesn’t have a monogamous bone in her body. Jesse did dump her but Cait made it happen she knows Jesse’s parents own The Scoop and she showed up there making out with Josh. Jesse had no choice. That broke his heart a lot worse than Caitlin’s.” David looked at me in disbelief, stunned by the truth. “And you know how I know all this, Dave? Not because Cait or Jesse told me but because I was there for all of it.”
 “She didn’t cheat on him with that many…” He said surprised and confused. He showed more emotion regarding Cait’s discretions than he did in our whole relationship. I knew Jesse and Violet were right then.
“Yeah, actually she did and I mean she’s cheating on Josh now…like it doesn’t come as a surprise.” 
“She is?” David’s face was crumbling. 
“I’ve only heard about one mystery guy but I’m sure there’s more.” David kept quiet. “Dave and this is why we are breaking up.” He looked up at me confused, “You care about me but you are still obviously into Cait… and if you wanted to make her jealous so she could leave Josh or something you should have told me and not used me as some pawn.”  
“I’m so sorry, Rena” he said visibly pained by what I had just said. I felt terrible but I wasn’t going to forgive him. 
 “I know… you love her.” I said trying to compose myself. “Let’s go back to school.” He nodded and walked to his car. When we returned we walked to our lab in silence. I didn’t know what happened between me and Dave but I knew it wasn’t going to be like before.  
“Do you need a ride home?” He asked as we walked.
 “No, Jesse said he’d drive me as long as I needed him to.” He nodded and walked into the classroom ahead of me.
I walked out of lab to see Jesse waiting for me, Dave just left to his next class without a word. “What happened?” he asked that curiosity showing itself again.
 “Well I told him I knew.” I started. “He’s in love with Cait…and he admitted it.”
 Jesse looked at me in awe, “My god he confessed?”
 “Not completely. He just admitted that he loved her. He didn’t say anything about them actually having a relationship.” I said shuffling along to my locker.
 “How did you do that?” he asked.
“I told him the truth about Caitlin and pretty much broke his heart.” Jesse looked at me with a surprised look across his face. “What?” 
“Didn’t think you’d actually do it is all.” He said smoothly.
“Well I did and I just have one question for you, and if it’s true I won’t be mad, I get it.” 
“What?” he said as he leaned on the locker beside mine looking as dreamy as he always did. I lost my train of thought when he ran his hand through his dark brown hair. His perfect blue eyes completely focused on my face. “What?” he said again. 
“If you are just being my friend to make Cait angry just tell me.” I said trying to hide my face and the redness of it. 
“Are you serious?” he said surprised. I nodded still avoiding his gaze. “Rena… I don’t care about Caitlin… I don’t care if she hates my guts….but I do care what you think… and that is the furthest thing from the truth.” I couldn’t help but look at him. He was staring at me so intently, he put his muscular arm over my shoulder and whispered in my ear, “You are my friend because you are you…that has nothing to do with Caitlin Cooper.” He said showing some distain when he mentioned Caitlin. I closed my locker and he pulled me along, his arm still over my shoulder.

Chapter 11: That makes Two
Jesse drove me to my house after school and let me tell you it was a zoo. We pulled onto my street to see about five cop cars and an ambulance outside the Fillmore house. 
“What the hell?” Jesse said as he pulled into my driveway. 
“I’m going to go see what’s up if you want to join?” I said as I got out of his car, Jesse followed. We were stopped at the yellow tape by an officer. “What is going on here?” I asked.
 “There has been a death,” was all he said.
“Who?” I tried to get it out of the cop but he was tight lipped. There was a stretcher coming out, a sheet over the person but I knew instantly who it was, “Violet?!” I said as I fell to the ground. 
“You don’t know that,” Jesse said sitting on the curb beside me. His arm touching my back for support. 
“No it’s her,” I said pointing to the pale hand on top of the sheet, “Those are Violet’s rings.”
 “Ren, I’m sorry.” He said, I stood up and walked to the cop again.
 “Do you know if she was murdered?” I asked, and he looked at me surprised. 
“Listen miss that is privileged information that I am unable to divulge.” 
I ignored his snide remark and asked a better question. “Listen is Lieutenant Vasquez here?” 
 “I can get him for you.” he asked surprised. 
“You know the lieutenant?” Jesse said as the cop walked away. 
“He’s really close with my parents, I guess I’ll try getting what I can out of him with what I know.” Jesse shrugged. What harm could it really do. 
Lt. Vasquez headed towards me a diplomatic smile on his face; he was in his fifties but was fit as someone fresh out of the academy. “Rena Solis, why do I have the pleasure?” he said it and I couldn’t help but smile. He reminded me of my dad so much.
 “Listen I have information for you about the other Fillmore case.” His smile disappeared. 
“Did your parents come back?” He asked, his expression going quickly to detective.
 I shook my head, “No, but there’s stuff you don’t know.”
 “Is there somewhere private we can talk,” he asked. 
“My house,” I said pointing next door. It was nice to know people and actually have some pull somewhere. The three of us walked into my empty house, Aunt Krystal wouldn’t be home till seven.  “Lieutenant, what happened to Violet?” I said cutting straight to the chase.
“How do you know that is Violet?” he asked, a look of amusement on his face.
 “I do so can we move on from the teasing banter and get to the point?” I said a little annoyed, Jesse was looking at me in stunned amusement. 
“You know you are just like your father all work and no play” Joe Vasquez said with a small smile. 
“Well it’s Violet I know… and I’m assuming she was murdered but it looked like a suicide like Rose’s death.” 
“Rose’s death was ruled as a suicide.” He said completely serious.
“But it’s not, that’s what they want you to believe.” Vasquez sat up, he was really listening now.
“Who is this they?” he asked.
“I’m not exactly sure who it is but I know they are both murders and your prime suspect is Randell Wilson.” 
“Randell Wilson…the one on the football team?” I nodded, “Why would you suspect him?” he continued.
“He was Rose’s date to the dance, only he wasn’t seeing Rose…he was meeting her to try to come to some reasonable conclusion to Violet’s condition.” 
“Violet’s condition?” he asked.
 “I’ll get there in a sec,” I said, “Anyways Rose met Randy at the dance and they simply started arguing as soon as they met up. Witnesses say they both left after the argument, but we know that isn’t true when I found Rose’s body about an hour later.”
 “You found the body?” I nodded, his eyes were wide with shock. “So I can tell you more if you tell me what happened over there,” I said pointing next door.
 “Rena, I appreciate everything you are telling me but this is a police matter, and you should not be involved.” He said sounding more like the authority figure he was.
“But I’m right.” I said incredulously.
“I will check your facts… and follow up with what you told me but I can’t tell you what happened.” He said after thinking about it for a moment.
 “Joe, please, you would do this for my parents.” I said on the verge of begging him. 
“Yes, but your parents are trained professionals….you …you are just a girl.” I was hurt by what he said and I know it showed. 
“I know more” I whispered. 
“Really?” He said shifting his glasses like he was getting a headache. 
“Well I cannot trade information with you, Rena.” He said again.
“I get it just tell me one thing.” I said feeling slightly deflated.
 “What?” he asked sounding annoyed.
“How…how did she go?” he looked at me intently. 
“She was in bathtub with her wrists sliced…her father found her this morning… they believe it happened last night.” He said with cool detachment.
 “Last night?” I said falling onto my couch. “But I was with her last night… she wouldn’t have done this.” I said, now feeling like I was going to be sick.
“So tell me what else you know, Rena, I have a crime scene to return to.” He said it with that same annoyed tone.
“The way Rose died is not plausible, her arms, the rope, the ceiling. I think she was dead before that rope was put on her throat… I think she left and Randell followed her  and choked her to death. That explains the bruises on her arms. Then he used the rope to cover the hand marks on her throat, and hung her in the bathroom only it didn’t hold. The second he pushed her body off the toilet the ceiling tile went, and not only did it hit Rose’s dead body but it knocked Randy down leading to a loud thump that the whole dance heard.” 
“Oh god” was all Vasquaz said. 
“And if I’m right I know exactly why he killed her and Violet, he is the only one I know with a motive.”
 “Motive?” he questioned.
“He was seeing Violet… Randy was and Violet was pregnant and the only people that knew were Rose and Randy. Randy wanted her to get an abortion but Rose was completely against that. He couldn’t convince her at the dance so he offed her.”
 “But why Violet?” he seemed to becoming more interested in what I was saying now.
“Like I said I talked to Violet yesterday… she decided she was going to keep the baby and that was not going to make Randy happy… all he wants is to go to the NFL… why would he want a baby? That would just mess up his plans.” I continued. 
“Rena, I don’t know how you know all this but you are a Solis.” he was in disbelief. “I’m just going to verify some of your facts…but I think you are right.” He said standing and started heading towards the door.
 I sat up straight, “Really?” he nodded.
 “I was wondering about a connection. Why would two very religious girls resort to something like suicide?” Lieutenant Vasquez hugged me and told me to tell my parents he said hi.
 He left, “Oh my god, Rena!” Jesse said as he jumped up off the couch. “You did it!” he said his arms on my shoulders, “You did it,” he was smiling.
“I know” I said sounding a little shy.
 “I’m off today what about The Scoop to celebrate?”
 “Sure.” I said with a nonchalant shrug.
 “Great!” We got back into Jesse’s car.
He was completely different, “That was so exciting, Rena, you kicked ass… you would be an awesome detective.” He continued.
 “Thanks” I muttered, trying to keep the embarrassment out of my face. 
“No, like seriously that was so cool, Ren,” he said as he grabbed my hand. He must have noticed my look of bewilderment as he grabbed my hand because he quickly dropped it. We pulled up to The Scoop, “Anything you want on me,” he said as we walked in the door. 
“Isn’t it free when you eat here?” I said with a giggle. 
“Yeah so?” he said still smiling we were seated at a booth; I knew what I was getting I rarely changed orders. “So do you think they will give you credit when they find out its Randy?” Jesse said holding up his menu but not looking at it.
 “I don’t know I hope not.” I said feeling self conscious. 
“You hope not…you’d be a legend, Ren!” He said.
“I’d rather not be.” I said as I put my menu down and looked at our waitress, Missy. 
“Strawberry milkshake and cheeseburger and fries.” I said.  
“Sure thing,” she said not paying me any attention, she was trying to flirt with Jesse. “What about you, Jess?”
 “I’ll have the same thing” he said not even looking at her, but keeping his attention on me. At least that’s what I thought. Missy walked away a little disappointed. 
“She seems to like you,” but Jesse didn’t notice what I was saying. “Earth to Jesse” I said waving my hand in front of his face.
 “No …Missy doesn’t like me,” he said focusing his attention on me again.
 “Dude, yeah she does, she didn’t even look at me she just gave you the flirty eye while she was here.” Jesse blushed a little and averted his startling gaze to the table. It was not like him to be embarrassed. He must really like that girl too.
 “No, you’re exaggerating,” he said as he waved me off. 
“Nope… why is that a surprise? You’re hot!” I said with a little too much conviction, I felt my face redden and Jesse gave me this odd expression. 
“Um thanks,” was all he said. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t mean it like that I just mean… she likes you is all.” I said staring at my hands on the table. 
“You know you don’t have to defend yourself.” I looked up at him when he said that.
 “What do you mean?” I said daring to look at him again.
 “I got what you meant is all…you don’t have to be embarrassed.” 
“Embarrassed? About what?” I said trying to sound detached about the whole thing. 
“You think she likes me and you think I’m so down on myself I can’t see it.” I looked at him the surprise obvious over my face. He was almost right, except for the whole part about me totally wanting him too. 
“I may have not dated anyone after Cait but I’m over her…I get Missy likes me there is just someone else is all.” He said looking at me intently.
 “There is some other girl that you like that is not Missy?” I whispered, I couldn’t seem to get the words out. I felt my heart start to pound faster, the thudding becoming louder as I thought of Jesse and another girl.
“Yeah, she’s great you’d like her…” he said looking at me again, studying my face, not finding what he wanted so he looked down at the table. 

Chapter 12: One, Two, Three?

That’s when I heard a familiar voice…too familiar. I turned around, my mouth dropped. David was sitting a few tables back talking to a tall blond. Caitlin. I turned around, “Is that what you were looking at?” I asked Jesse, his expression was pained.
 “I didn’t know they would be here, don’t confront them today.” I looked at him in astonishment.
 “Why didn’t you tell me?” I said confused, hurt, sad. 
 “Because I wanted you to have a good day,” he whispered not meeting my gaze.
 “Jess, today was never going to be a good day… I broke up with David… Violet is dead… and that is what you were worried about?”
 “Rena,” he said placing his hand on top of mine, “just wait.” I didn’t understand this guy, he wanted to tell me this so bad and now that I was actually here he was stalling. 
“I can’t,” I said turning around to see that Jesse was completely right; there they were sharing a kiss in The Scoop. I stood up and walked to their table; Jesse followed but stopped just short of their table, so neither Cait or Dave saw him.
“So David, Cait here’s the thing…” I said as they saw me and separated. “I know…I’ve known for a while and Dave don’t say that this is the first time…because I know you’re lying.” He looked at me surprised and confused. “Cait, I can’t believe you didn’t tell me you were seeing Dave…I thought we were friends?” Cait looked down.
 “I wanted to tell you but … but I thought you liked him.” She said not sounding like the happy girl I was accustomed too. She was pretending to show remorse, but I saw through that. I knew her too long for her to actually dupe me with those big brown eyes. 
 I scoffed, “You think I like him but you didn’t notice for three years how I…”
I cut myself off realizing Jesse was standing so close.
 “I’m sorry.” Cait whispered, “I know how you feel about cheating,” they hadn’t noticed Jesse their backs were turned to him. “But Josh is such a …”
 “Cait you don’t cheat then you break up.” I said not able to calm the pounding of my heart in my ears. 
“He cheated on me!” she said angrily.
 “I’m sorry… but two wrongs don’t fix the problem.” I was proud at myself for remaining so calm; I looked over at David who sat silently. 
“No, he did so much worse… he cheated on me with that stupid Fillmore whore.” I was taken aback by that.
 “Violet?” I asked curious.
“No Rose!” she shouted it like it was obvious. “Some religious loser he preferred to me I’m homecoming queen, I’m on the cheerleading team… and he wouldn’t even fess up.” She practically shrieked.
“So you used Dave’s feelings for you?” I said scoffing at how David could just sit there and take this.
 Dave decided to talk, “She loves me, Ren” he said defensively. 
“Right like she loved Jesse and Josh, right?” he quieted again.
“Ren…I’m sorry. You forgive me?” Cait said her brown eyes bearing into me. “Actually… I think I need some time…you lied to me…you let me go out with
 Dave…knowing full well he would cheat on me with you! Knowing he was just using me.” I said still trying to remain composed.
I stood up, and walked to the table I was sitting at with Jesse, he followed quickly. “We can go?” He whispered when we sat down, just as our food came, “Missy can you wrap this to go?” Jesse said, looking at her for only a moment. 
“Sure thing…I’ll bring the receipt too.” Missy said as she walked away still holding our food. I wanted to cry; that’s all I wanted to do, but not here. Jesse’s hand was on my shoulder.
 “I’m sorry, Rena, talk to me.” Missy came over and put our bag of food on the table, Jesse left her a big tip and we walked to his car. I’m surprised David or Caitlin didn’t follow but I guess when they saw Jesse they knew it was better if they wouldn’t. I got into Jesse’s sedan and it all came flowing out. The tears started rushing down my face. I couldn’t even hold back the sobs. Jesse looked at me for several moments probably confused as to what to do, but then he just pulled me towards him and hugged me till I stopped. 
Not a bad way to stop crying. Not that anything was ever going to happen with Jesse. “You okay?” he said loosening his grip on me when he didn’t hear me crying anymore. I nodded, “Do you want me to wait with you until Krystal comes home. We can eat our food?” Jesse said shaking the take out bag. I nodded, “Okay” he said as he started his engine. 
We arrived at my house to see the police cars were all gone. I still couldn’t believe what happened today. In one day, Violet was found dead, I broke up with my first boyfriend and supposed best friend, and found out my best friends were lying to me, on top of that it was only Tuesday.  The fact that I wasn’t a giant heap of tears at the moment seemed like a big accomplishment. Jesse was probably my only saving grace in all this. He was turning out to be one of the best friends I’d ever had. 
I opened the door, and walked into the empty house. Jesse of course followed. He walked past me into the kitchen, “Do you want me to heat up your food?” he asked.
 “Yeah, thanks,” I said walking into the kitchen too. I grabbed some plates and put them beside Jesse. 
“Thanks,” he whispered, which I thought was odd but I didn’t say anything. “So what do you want to do after we eat?” he asked trying to sound happier than I knew he felt.
“Movie…homework?” I asked when I started drinking my melting milkshake. 
“Sure,” he said grabbing our burgers and fries from the microwave.  We sat at the counter and ate, but we didn’t say anything to each other. 
“Jess…I’m sorry about bringing you into this.” I said hopefully breaking the silence between us. 
“No…I should be apologizing” I looked at him surprised, “Ren, they were so screwed up… what they did to you…isn’t right.” Jesse said sounding firm. 
“It’s forgotten,” I said, “I’m over it.” I assured him. At that moment sitting there with him in my kitchen, I was over it. I could forget everything if every day ended like this one. 
“So what do you have for homework?” He asked as I started the dishes. 
“Not much. Test tomorrow in Algebra.” I said simply. 
“Tomorrow?” Jesse said incredulously. 
“Yeah, he talked about it all class.” I said with a chuckle as I noticed his startled expression.
 “No …really?” Jesse said confused.
 “He did… what were you doing if you weren’t paying attention to class?” I asked.
 “I was just thinking.” I gave him a yeah right face.
 “About what?” I asked.
 “Stuff,” he said with a small smile. 
“Is this about that mystery girl?” I said mockingly. Yeah it hurt to think Jesse liked this other girl, but I could accept just being his friend if I had to. 
“Kind of,” he said his smile growing. 
“Do I know her?” I said teasingly as we walked to the living room.
 “Yeah.” He said, the disarming smile still plastered on his face. She was probably gorgeous to make him smile like that.
 “Really?” I said surprised, he nodded; I opened the DVD shelf and started sifting through movies. “A Beautiful Mind?” 
“Is this your way of putting us into a studying mood?” Jesse said his grin still evident. I shrugged and started the movie. 
We sat on the couch our books sprawled on the coffee table. I was practicing problems hoping something would stay for the test. Jesse was leaning back apparently on a break. I looked over at him. He really was beautiful, his arms were so strong and muscular and his blue eyes just following intently with the movie. It sucked there was someone else but at least he was honest about it. 
“Oh my god!” I shouted, “Josh was hooking up with Rose?” Jesse looked at me surprised.
 “Yeah, Cait told you that an hour ago,”He added pointedly.
 “Yeah, but what if it wasn’t Randy what if he really left?” I said. 
 “Rena, there was no reason for Josh to kill Rose…it had to have been Randy.” I leaned back into the sofa, and then quickly regretted it when I realized how close to Jesse I actually was. I shifted over but Jesse put his arm over my shoulder, keeping me where I was. Yes, I sort of freaked out a little. What was he doing? Especially when there was this girl that he was obviously head over heels for?
 “What’s her name?” Jesse looked confused.
 “Who’s name?” he asked.
 “The girl you like.” I continued.
 “Why do you care?” he quickly remarked.
“I’m curious,” I said trying to sound innocent. He laughed, I loved the sound.
 “I think it would be more fun if you tried to figure it out.” I rolled my eyes. 
“That’s not fun.” I said sounding disappointed.
“Yeah…I think it is.” I gave him a small shove as I moved forward and grabbed my textbooks again. 

“Movie’s over wanna watch something else?” he asked.
 “How about we watch the news see what’s up?” Jesse nodded, and I changed the channel. Of course the breaking news was Violet’s death. They didn’t release her name yet but we knew it was Violet. “Oh my god...” I gasped watching the news, they had taken Randy in for questioning for the murder of Rose and Violet Fillmore which they didn’t say but I knew. “He did it! He came through!”  I practically shouted.
~~~
School the next day was weird. Jesse drove me, and no that wasn’t the weird part, the weird part was there was no one else to talk to. Cait and Dave avoided me and each other which I found really odd. I saw Josh which is good since he’s the one I needed to talk to. Later after actually studying with Jesse we started talking about whether Josh had any relationship to Rose and her death. I couldn’t shake the feeling I was missing something big. Jesse’s genius plan: just ask him. I couldn’t come up with anything better so…here I was heading to Josh’s locker. 
“Hey, Josh.” I said hopefully sounding more chipper than I normally did.
“Um hey, Rena, what’s up?” Josh said closing his locker and looking at me. 
“I just wanna ask you something…I heard a rumor… and Cait and I are best friends and I thought I should ask you.” He looked at me for a moment, probably trying to figure out how serious I was, “Were you hooking up with Rose Fillmore?” Josh looked at me his eyes had visibly widened. 
He pulled me into the nearest empty classroom, “Where did you hear that?” he asked.
 “So it’s true? Does Cait know?” I said trying to fake shocked.
 “I wasn’t seeing Rose…I mean I was but I stopped…” he started.
“Because Caitlin found out?” I cut him off.
 “No… it was someone else.” He said.
 “Someone else?” I asked not hearing this part of the story.
“Rose was seeing Kramer.” He replied, there was a noticeable twitch in his jaw as he spoke about Rose.
“Scott Kramer the soccer goalie?” I continued.
He nodded, “She dumped me for him.” He said his upset showing.
“Scott Kramer?” I asked again.
“I mean I was hurt and all. I loved her but I got even.” He added smugly.
“You got even?” I said incredulously.
“I started hooking up with Violet… and I told Scott what a skank she was and he ended up dumping her.” He said with a devilish grin. 
I looked at him in disbelief, “So you just ruined her life?” I said faltering in my words. 
 “I didn’t ruin her life I just gave that bitch what she deserved…I loved her and she dropped me like yesterday’s news.” His tone taking on a more maniacal twist.
 “What about the fact that you were still dating Caitlin? Did you think about that when you were hooking up with Rose and Violet? What about you’re so called friends Randy and Scott?” Josh looked pissed. 
“Listen, I don’t have to explain myself to you…you are no one!” I was caught off guard by that, but recovered.
 “I don’t need to know anymore believe me.” I said as I started towards the classroom’s closed door, Josh grabbed my arm rather firmly and pushed me into the wall.
 “Listen, Bitch don’t go running off telling Cait or anybody for that matter, okay, I will know if you do believe me?” he said his face filled with hatred.
 “Let go of me.” I barely got out in a shaky whisper. He dropped my arm, his face still showing his disgust. I ran out of the room to my first class. 
Jesse was waiting for me outside the classroom, “Are you okay?” he sounded worried, I must have looked scared …hell I felt scared. Jesse placed his hand on my back and pushed me into the classroom. “What happened?...Rena?”
 I couldn’t stop thinking about his threat, “I was so wrong, Jess,” I said on the verge of tears, “It’s not Randy” I whispered. 
“Did …did Josh admit it?” Jesse could barely get the words out. Josh used to be his best friend of course it was hard to believe.
 I shook my head, “But he admitted a lot of other things.”
  “Did he hurt you?” Jesse said looking down at my arm. I looked down to see a bruise forming, great! “Was that Josh?” I nodded. “Oh hell.” Was what Jesse finished with before class started. “Don’t talk to him again!” Jesse was adamant once he knew what happened. “Don’t even go in the same room as him.”
 “Jess, you are exaggerating.” I said once the adrenaline in my system was spent.
“This is not exaggerating,” he said showing me my arm and the unseemly bruise Josh had left. 
“Maybe after school we should go to the cops? They can arrest him for assault or something.” He said mostly thinking out loud.

Chapter 13: Undercover
“Jess, relax nothing is going to happen.” I said looking at my Root beer float, Jesse was at work but he told me to hang out until Krystal was home. He didn’t want me alone…his theory I’d end up like Rose and Violet if Josh was the killer. 
“You’re right…I’m not letting anything happen.” He said clearing off a part of the counter.
 I rolled my eyes, “Aren’t you supposed to be working?” I asked looking at the table that just filled with giggling girls waving at him. He looked at me, brought me another float and left to the table.
 God! He was going to make me gain ten pounds just sitting here drinking root beer floats. I looked over at Jesse’s table he was not happy, he wasn’t even being his usual friendly waiter self. Not like the girls noticed, when he rolled his eyes they were too busy giggling and attempting to flirt with him. 
“I’ll give you some more time to decide, ladies,” he said as he headed towards me again. Jesse was manning the counter and only a few tables today. I guess it was his way of keeping an eye on me. “They are annoying.” He groaned when he got back.
“You are just a ball of sunshine today.” I said with a sarcastic smile. 
“It’s all your fault…so shut up.” He added rudely.
“Do you want another float?” 
“God no. Are you trying to make me five hundred pounds?” He laughed, that melodious tone was back.
 “Sorry, I didn’t realize how many you had.” He said starting to sound more like himself.
“Why is it my fault you’re angry?” I asked leaning forward onto the counter.
 “You go talk to him and get yourself banged up with a threat.” He said starting to wipe down the counter. 
I rolled my eyes, “You are so overreacting.”
 “No, I’m not if you think he did what you think he did then no I’m under reacting” he said as he lifted the countertop and started heading to the group of girls again. I stared at my homework spread out on the counter where I sat alone. 
“Be right back in a few girls.” Jesse said as he started to walk back towards me. He sounded liked he wasn’t as stressed as he had been a few minutes ago. 
“So is the girl you like over there… cuz you sound happier.” I said teasingly. 
He looked at me surprised, “Are you really starting that again?” he said as he walked to the kitchen and placed his order. 
“What? It’s such a better topic than my impending doom.” I said with a smile I couldn’t hide. 
Jesse didn’t seem to like that, “That’s really not funny.” He replied, sounding firm.
“Oh come on it’s a joke.” I said with a wave. 
“That wasn’t funny,” He finished.
 I sighed, “Sometimes you really are no fun.” I remarked. 
“This isn’t supposed to be fun.” He said sitting beside me. I started flipping through my homework. 
“When do you get off work?” I asked, suddenly bored.
“At six,” he replied.
“Two more hours?” he nodded, “And you aren’t going to tell me if she’s sitting right there?” I asked again.
 “Ugh …you know you can be a real pain in the…” Jesse said. But was cut off when he saw members of the football team enter the diner. Missy was the hostess today and sat the group at one of her tables. 
“Rena, you are not to leave this counter… and you better not talk to Josh.” He said whispering to me across the counter. His tone was firm even if he was whispering.
“Yes sir.” I said with a salute. 
“I’m serious.” He said again.
 “I know.” I got his point. Believe me I wasn’t even going to turn and hint it was me. Jesse grabbed his table’s food and walked over to the girls. 
“Yo Jess!” some guy yelled that I dared not to look over at called Jesse’s name. 
“Be there in a minute.” Jesse shouted back.  Jesse talked to his customers for a moment and then strode over to the table of giant football players. He didn’t exactly fit in anymore. Jesse had thinned out when he left the team. He still had muscle but it’s difficult to keep as much as he did when he wasn’t playing. He looked better know, I mean he was never as large as most of the meatheads being that he was only a quarterback. I was watching through one of those corner mirrors that places have hopefully Josh wasn’t doing the exact same thing. They shouted as Jesse arrived at the table. I couldn’t hear much of what they were saying but Jesse fit in well, just like before.
 He walked over shortly after and barely looked at me, “Anything else to eat?” He asked.
 “Yeah that’s funny… what did you talk about?” I asked hoping to get an in depth look at the male psyche. 
“Tell you later. How about a water to wash down all that ice cream?” he asked still avoiding eye contact with me.
 “Thanks,” I said as he turned around to the nearby fridge and pulled out a bottled water, then a cup with ice. He poured me a cup and drank what was left in the bottle. He was trying to avoid looking at the table, but he couldn’t keep his eyes away. 
“At least they don’t know it’s you.” He said finally.
“Yeah?” I was wearing a black hoodie thanks to the untimely cold weather we were having today. “So what did they say?” I asked leaning forward, I heard a whistle then and leaned back into my barstool. 
“Oh.” I said actually starting to get the picture. Did I mention guys are pigs?
 “Ren, they are guys what do you expect?” he said taking another sip from the water bottle. 
“So you talked about girls?” I all but groaned.
“Well they talked about the hot girls at the table then moved on to ….um you….at least your back and hair.”
 “Let me guess… I failed the hot test.” 
He looked at me for a moment, “Why would you fail?” He eyed me a moment longer and took another swig of water, “They were just teasing me, they think you’re my new girlfriend, being that we are sitting here talking… I told them we were working on a school project and I had to run back.” He leaned forward smiling now, “They were about to pounce but I told them you had a boyfriend, and they backed off.” 
 “Really with everything that happened I didn’t think that mattered to them.” Jesse stared at me for a moment. 
“Don’t start that, not now.” I nodded and started drinking the water Jesse had poured me, at least this didn’t have calories. Next time I was here it will strictly be Diet Coke for me. 
“Jesse hun,” it was Jesse’s mom, she was one of the nicest ladies I’ve ever met. She peeped her head out from the kitchen, “Can you ask Missy if it is a double bacon cheeseburger, or hamburger. She really needs to write neater.”
 “Hi Mrs. Harris”, I said with a wave. 
“Hi sweetie, here again I see.” I nodded and she looked at me and Jesse in this motherly way. 
“Mom,” Jesse said looking embarrassed. 
He walked over to Missy, as his mother came out of the kitchen. 
“Boys… they never clean the counter well.” She said when he was out of earshot.
“Then why do you put him on counter?” I asked amused.
“Have you seen Missy she is worse” she whispered to me, I couldn’t help but laugh. 
“Double cheeseburger both of em.” Jesse said as he came over and sat on the bar stool beside me. “What are you doing?…I’m running counter, mom!” 
“And you didn’t clean the counter.” She said matter-of-factly.
 “I was getting around to it mom, chill.” He complained.
 “Fine,” she said and threw him the towel she was using to clean the counter. “Hopefully I’ll see you tomorrow, sweetie” she directed towards me. 
“Does your mom know that I am here against my will?” I asked when she returned to the kitchen.
Jesse looked at me, “You are not here against your will.”
 “Yeah, I so wanna drink ten thousand calories and watch you work.” I continued.
“Well you were the smart one that got threatened by a murderer.” He snapped back.
 “It was your idea!” I said a bit too loudly.
 “And I’m making it up to you by protecting you.” Jesse said as he started working on the separate receipts for the girls’ table. 
“Why is it so empty in here?” I asked. 
“Soccer game.” I nodded sounded reasonable, most people in Walterville never missed a high school sporting event, they were a big thing here. 
He sauntered over to the girls table again, there were several loud giggles, I assumed Jesse was working for his tips. He walked over to me, “So what did you think of that algebra test?” he asked completely shifting topics.
 “It could have went better. You know if I wasn’t scared out my mind.”I said.  
“Relax you probably aced it.” He waved it off.
“Oh right,” I added looking down at my chemistry homework. Balancing equations usually doesn’t bother me but today they were boring me out of my mind. Who cares how many hydrogens are needed? “I hope so.”
 “It really was easier than I thought it would be …maybe A Beautiful Mind was a good movie choice to study too.” He said thinking back on it.
 “It had nothing to do with the movie.” I said rolling my eyes. 
“You sure?” Jesse said his flawless smile returned. I’m almost positive that’s all he had to do to get a girl to fall head over heels with him. Why was he still single? Who is this stupid girl that was not giving him the time of day? 
Jesse drove me home as he promised and waited with me until Krystal came home. I knew she was surprised to see Jesse there two days in a row, but she didn’t say anything until he left. 
“So are you dating Jesse now?” she asked almost as soon as Jesse was out the door.
 “God! Aunt Krys!” I said embarrassed.
 “Well?” She pushed.
 “No…we are just friends.” I said.
 “What about Dave? I thought you guys were dating?” she was still fishing for information.
 “Well we sort of we…kind of broke up.” I said feeling ashamed to have to admit this.
 “What and you didn’t tell me?” She pulled me onto the couch beside her. “When?” she said her eyebrows pinched in concern.
 “Um yesterday.” I said trying avoid her penetrating gaze.
“Three days that is pathetic, Ren.” 
“It wasn’t right from the beginning.” I said defensively. 
 “Was it ugly? Is that why Jesse is driving you everywhere now?” she continued with her tirade of questions. 
“Um well I decided I was breaking up with him Monday…we had a really bad fight and it was pretty obvious that all we did was fight since before we even started dating.” 
“So you dumped your best friend because you fought too much?” she said skeptically.
“It’s not it exactly… I actually dumped both my best friends.” I said again feeling her eyes bear into me.
 “What?” her expression looked dazed with all the information I was feeding her.
 “I’m not really talking to Dave or Cait.” I said starting to feel uncomfortable.
 “Why?” she continued.
“Well they lied to me.” I said simply.
 “About?” 
 “They were seeing each other behind my back…and the only reason Dave asked me out was to make Cait jealous” Aunt Krystal’s mouth hung up, “Yeah, so I’m kind of keeping my distance.” I said ignoring her shock.
 “Oh my god, Ren, why didn’t you tell me?” She said pulling me into a motherly hug, that I wasn’t really in the mood for.
 “You’ve been busy but Jesse’s been there…he’s really a nice guy.”
 “I remember but he’s Cait’s ex.” I looked away from her. I was really trying to ignore my feelings for Jesse…honest. I just wasn’t very good at it. “Don’t try to get revenge on her by dating her ex.” She said in a motherly tone.
 “I would never do that to …Jesse.” I muttered knowing that the way I said it was all she needed to go on one of her lectures. 
“Rena, I know Jesse may be a great guy and he’s there for you now when you feel no one else is but you and Cait will make up. Don’t make it any more difficult on you two.” I was on the verge of tears now, for no other reason than Jesse. 
“I don’t ever want to be her friend again, Krys.” I said knowing my voice was giving me away.
 “You’re overreacting.” She said simply.
I shook my head, “no…no I’m not… she’s a horrible person.” The tears were flooding down my face. 

Chapter 14: Three Years
“You really love this boy?” was what she whispered back, and I was in shock. What do you say when your aunt asks you if you are in love?
“Krys, he’s a really great guy…and Cait never deserved him.” Was my only retort.
 “So does he like you as much as you like him?” I couldn’t hide the disbelief on my face. She really could figure anything out.
 “No, he likes someone else…it would never work between us.” I said trying to hold back the sobs that were building in my throat, from only thinking about him with another girl. 
“Three years,” I looked at her not understanding what she meant.
 “What does that mean?” 
“That’s how long you’ve liked him.” She said wiping away my tears with a Kleenex. “You shouldn’t put yourself in so much pain.”
 “What do you mean?” My brain had stopped working and this conversation was starting to go over my head.
“If he likes someone else maybe you need to stay away from him until you’re over your little crush.” I looked at her in shock. After these last few days of having him around constantly, I couldn’t imagine him not being around again. 
“No, I can’t do that… he’s my only friend.” I said not wanting to hear this anymore. Krystal looked at me for several moments, disagreement all over her face.
 “You can make new friends.” She said simply.
“Why, when I have Jesse?” I said starting to feel slight annoyance for what Krystal was mentioning. 
“Rena, that is not healthy.” She admonished. 
 “Right now it isn’t but it will get normal soon.” I said hoping to reassure her that everything would work out. Secretly, I was hoping it worked out too. 
“Just try not to…get hurt okay?” was what she ended with, “you know he likes someone else…so don’t get your hopes up.” Then she let me go to my room. 
My cell phone was worse than 411 since Tuesday. Caitlin and David have probably called and texted me every ten minutes since I saw them together. They didn’t dare speak to me in person…but blow up my phone why not? I was sorting through their text messages that mostly consisted of I’m sorry’s and I miss you’s and you can’t stay mad forever. If I had my way I would stay mad forever. I was completely content with not having my heart broken again by the two of them. David called four times in the half hour that I had spent in my room so far. 
This was getting ridiculous. “What do you want?” I answered the venom in my tone was distinct.
 “Rena?” David sounded shocked, “Talk to me… you can’t stay mad forever.”
 “Yes, I can and I plan to do so.” I said my resentment growing.
 “Listen, I’m your best friend at least let me explain.” He started the strain in his tone telling me there was a lot of things he was leaving unsaid.
 “Actually I’m pretty sure best friends don’t do what you did to me so I think I’ll pass.” I said hoping to convey how much disdain I had for both him and Caitlin.
“Rena, you were right.” This caught me by surprise. “Cait never loved me… she dumped me after she saw how much it upset you.” David’s voice was hoarse. I felt guilty but it quickly cleared up after a moment.
“Gee, so now you decide to care about me… aww you guys are too kind.” I said hoping my contempt for this conversation and for him were clear.
 “Rena, please at least let me explain. I wanted to tell you…I wanted to tell you so bad… but Cait insisted we shouldn’t. After what you told me about what happened with her and Jesse, I can see why she didn’t want to tell you. She was still cheating…nothing had changed expect the boys she was using.” He sounded a bit resentful. “If you give me another chance I swear we could fix us.” David said attempting to sound hopeful but failing miserably. 
“Dave, there is no us… we can’t date… and I’m not sure we could be friends either.” This situation was so frustrating! 
 “Rena, you have to forgive me.” His voice was starting to get desperate. 
 “Actually, no I don’t.” I didn’t waver. I couldn’t forgive him that easily.
“Please.” He said his resorting to that pleading tone once more.
“No, Dave.” I tried to sound as firm as possible but it wasn’t believable anymore.
 “What do I have to do to make it up to you?” He asked.
 “There isn’t anything you can do.” I said hoping he understood the finality in my last sentence.
“Fine, I’ll figure it out.” He said as he hung up the phone. Why did everything have to turn out so badly for me? Today had been a terrible day almost as bad as yesterday’s. I laid in my bed unable to sleep. Krystal had scared the truth out of me… and there was no going back. I was so about to be friendless. I don’t even know when my feelings changed. Before it was just his body, his smile, a peek of his muscles that made me blush. Now it was the mere thought of him, or his voice in my ear. Jesse had done this to me. He didn’t know it of course, but I was completely in love with the guy.  Like my life wasn’t difficult enough we had to add the cherry on top. 
I was nervous when I woke the next day. I was hoping I could keep this whole love thing to myself, usually it would be an impossible task. Since my friendship was on the line I was going to try my best to keep this to myself. 
“How was your night?” he asked as I slid into his black sedan.  
“Okay, Dave and Cait kept calling.” I said looking at my phone with the already ignored six missed calls and thirteen text messages. 
“Geez! They are not letting up?” He asked and I shook my head, and showed him today’s calls and messages. “You can stay as mad as you want they have no say.” Jesse said, as he started off down my street. 
“I do, right?” He looked at me and nodded, “I talked to Dave last night.”
 “You answered?” he said oddly amused by the news.
 “He called four times almost back to back. He told me Cait ended it because it upset me. How could they think it wouldn’t upset me?” Jesse shrugged, assessed me for a second and turned his attention back on the road. “David insisted he was going to find a way to make it up to me…I doubt he can.” Once I finished talking, I turned to Jesse to hear his words of wisdom.
 “So he’s still gonna try?” I nodded. 
“And then aunt Krys…is being so…” I cut myself off remembering that he was the majority of our discussion. 
 “She thinks I should forgive them especially Caitlin.” I sighed.
 “What do you think?” He asked, his blue eyes narrowing on my face and then back onto the road.
“I think she’s crazy I don’t think I could ever forgive them for…for… lying to me.”
 “They hurt you… you can say that.” Jesse said sounding way more like Krystal than I liked. “What they did was low and believe me, you don’t have to forgive them until you’re ready.”
 “You think I’m going to forgive them?” I all but sputtered. I wasn’t that much of a pushover, was I?
 “Eventually… you’re too sweet not to.” He said with a teasing smile.
 I shook my head, “No I can’t.”
 “Like I said, you will come around eventually… I didn’t say it would be soon. So why did you tell Krystal about Dave and Cait?” he said shifting topics.
 “She just didn’t understand why Dave wasn’t taking me to school. I didn’t know what else to say but the truth.” I said feeling awkward discussing the argument I had with Krystal.
“She doesn’t like me?” Jesse said sounding kind of hurt. 
“No she likes you… it’s just that Dave and I have been going to school together since he got his license at the end of last year.”
 “I guess that’s reasonable.” He replied unconvincingly. 
 “So are you working tonight?” I asked hoping to move the conversation into something lighter.
 “No, I’m off,” he said as he stepped out of his car and we headed towards the front doors of Walterville high school.
 “Great… so what are your plans? Do you have a date with this mystery girl?” I said not wanting to push it for my own good but it’s better to be informed, right?
 “Um no, I think I just have a viewing to go to with this chatty pipsqueak who keeps asking me about a mystery girl.” He said not even disguising the mocking look on his face. 
I rolled my eyes, “When are you going to ask her out?” I asked, tired of him keeping it a secret. 
“I don’t know soon maybe.” He said sliding a hand through his short brown hair. 
 “You better… nothing is worse than unrequited love.” Jesse chuckled and I blushed when I realized what I said.
 “Do you have experience in that department? Cuz I thought you didn’t like Dave that much.” I couldn’t hide all the blood rushing to my already inflamed face. This was not a good way to start the day.
“It’s just a figure of speech.” I said trying to brush it off.
 “Sure it is.” He said as he ruffled my decently straightened hair and walked over to his locker. Yeah, he really did think of me as a kid sister, this was just getting more depressing by the day. 
I walked to my locker to find balloons sticking from the sides, this was purely David. I’m sorry balloons.  I didn’t even know they made those. I opened my locker careful not to let to balloons run wild but they were tied to a bag. I couldn’t help but pull out. Hey, my parents are detectives of course I’m curious. Jesse walked over after he went to his locker. 
 “David?” I nodded, “What is it?” he asked. 
 “A card and necklace I liked the last time I went to the mall with him.”
 “Open the card.” Jesse said, obviously as curious as I was.
 “I’ll wait till first period I think.” Jesse shrugged and helped me shove everything back in my locker, damn balloons. It wasn’t an easy feat. 
We sat at our first period desks, “Now open it!” Jesse said, turning to face me.
 “God, you are more interested than I am,” I opened the card. 
This is only the beginning. I hope you like the necklace. I know you liked it at the mall. If possible can we have lunch together? You know where I will be.- Love, Dave
“Well that wasn’t what I expected.” I said looking up at Jesse to see his reaction, “Love?” was all he said. 
I shrugged it off, “That’s just Dave.”
“Are you meeting him at lunch?” Jesse said giving me a knowing smile, “Looks like it’s already starting,” he said with his devastatingly handsome smile wide on his face. If that was my last sight I swear I’d be the happiest woman in the world. “You are forgiving him.” He said it so matter-of-factly. 
“I am not.” I said defensively. “If I sit with him will you come to?” I hope he saw the pleading in my eyes, because if I was going to meet Dave I needed Jesse to be my back bone. 
“I don’t know.” He said his smile disappearing. 
“Jess, I’m a push over. I need you to keep me on track” I said trying to make the begging a little more obvious.
 He smiled again, “Okay… but if you two start talking about getting back together I’m outta there.” He finished.
 “As if!” was all that came out a little too loudly. Jesse couldn’t help but laugh.
 “Wow, now that was intelligent,” he said between his laughing. I shoved him slightly and he turned around for class. 
Krystal had really ruined my delusions. I sat behind Jesse and it was harder than usual to not touch him. I just wanted him to turn around and kiss me. Is that too much to ask for? I didn’t think it was. I daydreamed about us in first to fourth period.
 In fifth, I thought I should start preparing myself to see Dave and think of ways to keep my anger obvious and unmoving, which wasn’t hard. He hurt me and it was only two days ago, of course I had enough anger to stay mad for a lunch period. 
Jesse was waiting for me at my locker before lunch. “Ready?” I nodded, and we walked to Dave’s table where he was sitting alone and blatantly nervous.
 “Dave?” he looked relieved when he saw me but not to see Jesse.
 “Oh thank god,” he said as I sat down beside Jesse, across from David. 
“So what do you wanna say?” I asked, opening my lunch. 
“I’m sorry …listen can we do this you know privately?” he said leaning closer to me, hoping Jesse couldn’t hear. 
“Nope, anything you wanna say to me you can say in front of my friend, Jesse.” I said with a smile, I hope he didn’t misread. 
“Trade?” Jesse said as he grabbed my pudding container and replaced it with a jello. He didn’t even give me a chance to protest, so I just looked at Dave, who might I add didn’t look too pleased.
 “Rena, this conversation would be a lot easier if it was just the two of us.” David said again trying to appease to some nicer part of me. 
“I get what you’re saying but I would prefer if Jesse stayed.” I said picking up the jello. “You know Jesse I’m sure if you told your mom you hated jello she wouldn’t give it to you.” 
“I don’t mind jello… your pudding is just better.”
 “Banana cream pie.” I said with a smile.
 “Maybe I’ll suggest it to my mom,” Jesse said with a smile raising at the corner of his mouth. He was enjoying the unease David was under almost as much as I was. 
“So Dave are we gonna talk?” I asked after a few moments of uncomfortable silence.
 “Fine…Rena, I made a huge mistake with Caitlin. She was all wrong for me I get that now… and I was so wrong treating you the way I did. I didn’t know I would regret losing you so much,” he said grabbing hold of my hand before I moved it away to continue eating my jello. “I didn’t realize it until it was too late… but Rena, I love you. You were right there and I didn’t see it but I see it now.” He said.
I froze, Jesse nearly choked, and was coughing, but I couldn’t move my eyes from David’s face. “You don’t believe that,” is all I said.  
“No it’s true, Rena, I know everything about you… I am even willing to overlook things you can’t help.” I saw Dave’s glance quickly turn to Jesse but returned to me. “I know you can love me… if you give us a chance… I believe it will be different I will never ever do anything like what I did before.” I was in shock this is not what I expected when I agreed to this, I looked at Dave and had to physically turn my head towards Jesse who seemed to make it clear he wasn’t comfortable with this. 
“I’m such a push over,” was all I said, David looked at me confused but Jesse laughed. 
 “Are you serious?” he said simply.
“I don’t know… what do you think?” Jesse looked over at David.
 “In front of him?” I shrugged, “He seems sincere, I don’t know how far his promises go after the last time,” Jesse said keeping his face on me. David was huffing and puffing trying to draw back my attention. 
“That is a good point.” I whispered.
 “What matters is what your heart tells you,” Jesse said as he leaned in a little closer to me, covering his mouth so I was the only one to hear him.
Let me tell you that caught me off guard on so many levels. Jesse was that close to me. Jesse, my ex best friend’s ex boyfriend, and only boy I had ever remotely liked was telling me to follow my heart. What kind of strange twilight zone did I stumble into? Follow my heart? It’s good advice. At least it would be if my heart wasn’t telling me to jump Jesse.  
“So?” Jesse said as he moved back and started on more of his lunch. 
“I need some time, Dave. I can forgive you but I can’t be with someone I don’t trust and if you didn’t get it I don’t trust you.” 
David looked surprised, “You forgive me?” 
I  just nodded in response. 

Chapter 15: The Call
Lunch ended quickly after I told Dave we were only going to be friends. I wasn’t looking forward to going to Chemistry with him but it’s not like I had a choice. 
“So do you want to hang out after school?” Dave asked as we walked into our classroom. 
“Actually I’ve got plans already,” I said. 
“With him?” I looked at him for a moment, “Listen if you guys are together I will back off, I get it.” He said.
 “We are just friends… I don’t want to start this again.” I groaned. 
“Don’t you see it? He likes you.” David said as he retorted stubbornly, the most serious expression on his face.
“No, David, he is my friend. Jesse and I are friends…and I happen to have plans with my friend tonight just to go to the viewing, okay?” he nodded, disappointed. 
“Why did you ask him to sit with us?” was his next question, and I was actually missing the silence between us.
“Because I was afraid of what you’d say… Jesse thinks I’m too nice and I would have just accepted everything you said… he was there to keep me level.”
 “He keeps you level?” David said with a humph. 
“He makes me think about what I’m doing…” I clarified.
“He said you were a pushover?” 
I nodded, “I am.” 
I bolted out of Chemistry to my locker before David had a chance to attempt to talk to me again.  One of the best sights I saw was in front of me was Jesse leaning on my locker, waiting for me. 
“So how awkward was Chem?” he said with a knowing grin.
 “So awkward… he was like why was he there…. Are you two dating… you’re not a pushover.” I said in this terrible interpretation of a guy’s voice.
 Jesse laughed, “Wow sounds like fun. Did you tell him why I was there?”
 “Of course… like I was going to meet him alone.” He laughed again. If this is how Jesse was I was loving to get to spend time with him, even if it was just as friends, contrary to my heart’s wishes. “I have a question for you.” I said shifting gears to a more serious one.
“Really, what?” Jesse said his mouth still curved upwards as he tried to suppress his disarming smile.
 “Follow your heart? Where did that come from?” I asked. 
Jesse’s smile disappeared, “it’s just a figure of speech like the pains of unrequited love,” he said, his smile returning only slightly. 
“Seriously?” I asked thinking about unrequited love and surprise, Jesse was the only thing that came to mind.
“Seriously, who is this guy and why have I not gotten the chance to beat him up?” It was my turn to laugh. 
“Yeah, right.” I said.
“So there is someone?” his expression seemed crestfallen but that was most likely my hopeful imagination. I didn’t want to talk about this as we walked the hallways to our last class. Study hall.
 “Um in your words there is this guy… you’d like him.” I said with a teasing smile as we took our seats in class.
 “Who is he?” Jesse asked his interests were apparent.
 “Who is she?” was my only retort.
 “Do I know him?” he continued, ignoring what I had said.
 “Do I know her?” He leaned his head back on the chair.
 “Don’t be like this, Solis.” He complained.
“Well if you tell me what I wanna know I’ll tell you what you wanna know…how hard is that?” He looked at me, his eyes narrowed on me. 
 “You are a pain the ass sometimes.” He said and all I did was smile.
 “It’s a fair trade.” Actually I was kinda happy he didn’t admit who she was because that would have obviously broken my heart, and I would have had a lot of trouble hiding I was in love with him. 
“Do I at least get to know about follow your heart?” 
He shoved me slightly, “Just shut up.”
 “What? It’s great advice and all… but I would have never thought you would say it.” 
“What was I supposed to say?” he asked.
“That guy is crud don’t trust him… if you wanna be with him be with him just remember he broke your heart once….what do you feel… Those would have been typical Jesse responses” I said staring at him as I said everything.
 He was smiling, “You think you know me that well?”
 “Jess…let’s face it you are so predictable,” I said rolling my eyes. 
“I’m predictable? If I wasn’t there you’d be going out with Dave again, pushover.” He said a little too loudly for study hall.
 “SHHHH!” Our moderator shouted at us. I sighed and leaned back into my chair. Jesse started digging through his bag for a notebook. Why am I predictable? was all he wrote. I wanted to laugh but I didn’t Jess….shut up! I answered. 
He smiled, so did your heart tell you Dave is crud? 
He wanted me to burst out laughing. I knew his game. Actually it just told me, not Dave. It wasn’t funny and Jesse stopped smiling.
 So this other guy you think you are in love? I looked at it my face wasn’t hiding the shock too well. 
Can you really be in love with someone that doesn’t love you back or even know that you like them?  I replied
Isn’t that the definition of unrequited love?  Was his snappy response.
I rolled my eyes, I guess. 
So you love this guy? He asked next. I didn’t want him to press this anymore. 
“Jess” I whispered, hoping he would change the topic. I don’t know I guess…do you love her? 
I think so. He said and I felt my chest grow heavier with the words.
 This was my chance to interrogate. How do you not know? You’ve been in love before you know what it feels like.  
It’s different….not in a bad way. It’s just so different from when I loved Caitlin. That was supposed to be my wake up call. No matter how much I loved Jesse our relationship would never be because he loved Caitlin at one time. He was Caitlin’s, and whether we were friends or not it was low to date Jesse. 
How is it different? I continued despite all my better judgment.
 He looked at me for a moment, his expression was pained but he started writing, With Caitlin I thought it was love but it wasn’t, she never loved me, and even though I cared, I didn’t care enough to be bothered with her constantly cheating on me. With this mystery girl… I think if she was with anyone else I’d be broken… she makes me want to do anything in the world to keep her happy. And because it makes her happy, I’m happy. 
I read it and wanted to cry it was so perfect, he was so perfect, I looked at him in awe, trying to blink back the tears. 
God this girl is the luckiest girl in the world…I promise I won’t tell a soul.  I shoved him the book. Than avoided looking at him, hoping he didn’t recognize my heartbreak.
 Thanks…so when do you want me to pick you up for the viewing? Is Krystal going? 
Just like that he completely changed topics. Krystal is coming you can drive with us. 
You sure that’s okay? He asked.
 No problem at all. Be at my house by five? 
Do you wanna grab something at The Scoop after school? 
Jesse if we start going to the scoop everyday I’m going to be five hundred pounds! He laughed softly. I wasn’t overweight or anything I was a small girl actually. I was short what do you expect? 
“I highly doubt that but okay…not every day… today is the last day.” He said with a chuckle. I sighed and shrugged. The bell rang thank god. Jesse came up beside me and put his arm over my shoulder, “You know I like you, but if you tell anyone what I told you…you’re dead, Solis.” I couldn’t help but laugh.
 “It’s our little secret,” I said as we reached Jesse’s locker. “I don’t get what you’re so afraid of. This girl would be a moron not to be in love with you too.” I whispered to him as he threw books into his locker. 
“I think there might be someone else.” I looked at him, stunned.
 “No way, Jesse.” I said as I played with my lock. “You’re totally wrong.” 
“And why is that?” he said leaning beside my locker the way he always did, god the guy was sex personified. 
“I mean you’re like the hottest guy in the school.” He stopped smiling and actually looked embarrassed for once. “She’d be stupid or blind not to like you… and then if she knew you… you are one of the coolest people I’ve ever met.” 
He smiled again, “Maybe I should rethink this whole killing you thing,” he said as I shut my locker and he had grabbed David’s little gift and was holding that. 
“Do you really wanna keep those lame balloons?” Jesse said as we got out of the car in front of The Scoop.
 “Jess, for the hundredth time yes I am keeping them.” He rolled his eyes and walked in before me. 
“Suit yourself.” We sat on Missy’s side. I didn’t know the other waiter’s name but he was pretty swamped, in actuality, Missy was swamped too along with the other two servers handling the back half of the restaurant. “It’s crowded we can just grab something at my house, Jess.”
 “It’s fine I can grab our food if you want?”
 “I just feel bad.”
 “It’s a restaurant it happens” Jesse said with a nonchalant shrug. 
The Scoop was more crowded than we thought so we didn’t make it out of there until 4:30. “Do you mind if I change real quick and then we head to your house?” he asked as we slid into his car. 
“Why not?” I shrugged.
“Great,” he said as he made the turn on to his street. Jesse lived down the street from his parent’s restaurant; it was in walking distance which was nice on days with great weather, which did happen every so often in Pennsylvania.
We pulled up to Jesse’s house. It was a nice house. The Harris’ were doing well for themselves. Jesse was a lucky kid. “Come in,” he said as we pulled in to the driveway. I may have known Jesse since I was a freshman but I had never been in his house. We walked in, “Do you want a tour or should we rain check on that?” Jesse asked as he headed for the staircase.
 “Rain check,” I said, I started looking around downstairs since no one was home but us. 
The hall with the stairs led to two openings, the living room and the dining room. I looked in each room finding tastefully decorated rooms that were barely used. I walked further down the hall to find the kitchen was brand new. New stainless steel appliances, and cabinets. You could tell this was a very important room, I mean they owned a diner. I walked to the double doors by the kitchen and saw their amazing view. There was a small pond on the part of the house near the kitchen, surrounded by a beautifully cared for garden. I walked across the kitchen passed the breakfast nook and to the open doors leading into what I assumed was the family room. 
“There you are,” Jesse said as he found me in between the kitchen and family room. 
“Sorry, I was just looking around.” I said feeling embarrassed.
 “No problem, ready?” I nodded; I looked him up and down, perfection. He had on black dress pants and a white dress shirt, he had an untied tie dangling from his neck and his blazer casually swung over his shoulder. He looked like he just came off of a GQ cover spread. Damn, I was in trouble.
“Wow, don’t you look spiffy.” Spiffy? Did I really just say that? I wanted to stick a foot in my mouth.
“Spiffy?” Jesse said with a chuckle, “Let’s get you home and changed,” he said pushing me slightly so I’d walk towards the door. 
We pulled up to my house five minutes later, Krystal’s car was in the driveway, I walked in followed by Jesse, “Aunt Krystal, I’m home.” I shouted as I walked into the house.

Chapter 16: Reassuring 
 “Rena! Where have you been?” She said and then stopped when she saw Jesse, “Hi Jesse, coming along with us?”
 He nodded, “I hope it’s not a problem.”
 “No problem, Rena, hurry up and get dressed.” I didn’t say a word. I just ran upstairs to change. I threw on a black slip dress and black heels, brushed out my hair and walked downstairs a few minutes later. Jesse was in the mirror fidgeting with his tie. 
“Need help?” I asked as I walked down the stairs but stopped at the last step. 
“No, I think I’ve got it,” he said his face scrunched in concentration, it was kind of adorable.
 “My dad is terrible at tying ties too. I can help.” I said reassuringly.
 “Fine,” he said turning to face me. “You look nice,” he said as he walked closer. He was taller than me so I was eye level with his chest which isn’t necessarily a bad thing when you are tying a tie at least.
He was looking down at me, “Lift your head up,” I said thrusting his chin up. Can’t say I didn’t enjoy touching his face. A few moments later I was done with his tie, and disappointed to not be touching him anymore. “All done,” I said taking a step back to admire my work. 
He turned around, “Thanks,” he looked in the mirror and threw on his suit jacket.
 “All finished,” Krystal said as she came out her room. “Oh good you wore that dress.”
 “It’s one of my nicest dresses, Aunt Krys.” I said hoping she realized how obvious my choice was.
 “Well you have the longer one and the one with the sleeves.” 
“Let’s go Aunt Krys before we are late.” I said hoping to cut off the cataloging of my wardrobe she was doing.  
 “Right.” 
The three of us headed out the house, “Oh Jesse can you move your car so we can get out of the driveway,” Krystal said sweetly.
 “Sure thing,” he said quickly getting into his car.
 “Rena…I don’t remember Jesse looking like that.” 
“Like what?”
 “He’s a hunk,” she said with a grin.
 “So do you think I’m still insanely stupid for liking him?” I asked bemused by her observations.
 “Not so much.” I got into the back seat.
 “Ren, you can sit in the front” Jesse said as he saw me slid in the back.
 “No, your legs are way longer. I’ll be fine.” 
“Okay,” he said and got into the passenger side of Krystal’s car. 
The funeral home wasn’t far but it was still an awkwardly quiet drive. The viewing was for Rose and Violet. The Fillmores had pushed back Rose’s viewing so they could do both together. This had to be terrible for them losing two daughters in a matter of days. I wonder how they were holding up. Krystal walked ahead of us, but Jesse stayed behind observing my reserved face. I was afraid to see them this way, they were my neighbors, my classmates, they were my age and they were dead. 
“Do you need a minute?” Jesse asked as he put his hand on my shoulder. “It’s okay, Ren, if you do.” His voice was soft and full of worry.
 I shook my head, “I’m fine.” I replied shakily.
He looked at me for a moment, “Okay.” He slid his hand into mine, “Let’s go then.” I looked at our hands in disbelief and walked in with him. All I could think about was how he said he never held his friends’ hands and here he was holding mine.  I tried to not think about it. Maybe Jesse did like me because it wasn’t possible he was just being a good friend and that’s all...or I was seriously misreading him, which wasn’t preposterous with my track record.
 There were a lot of people there, mostly from town, school, and the Fillmores’ church. We followed the crowd into the lines to view the bodies; I had to see at least. “You don’t need to see the bodies, Ren,” Jesse said as he let go of my hand when we joined the line. 
“I have to.” I felt shaky and not really stable enough for this, but this was one of the last chances I was going to get to see them. 
Jesse was obviously worried, “But if you change your mind, just tell me.” He put his arms around me and gave a supportive squeeze. The line seemed to be taking forever but when we got closer to the front I was starting to regret being in this line at all. The first body was Rose’s. I could see her from where we were standing and I turned to face Jesse, “We can go, Rena,” he said it again knowing I just might agree.
 “No, we are so close.” I barely got out.
 “Don’t do this if you can’t handle it,” he said his hands resting on my shoulders. His deep blue eyes were filled with concern as he looked intently at me, hoping to convince me, but I wasn’t giving up. 
 “I can handle it.” I had to we were next. The group in front of us finished, Jesse walked with me towards the coffin. I looked down, Rose looked so innocent, she didn’t deserve to be murdered for so trivial a reason. I slowly started to crumble, tears slid down my face, not dramatic or anything, just accepting the reality. 
Jesse pulled me into a hug, “Can you handle Violet right now?” He asked, I nodded my head still on his chest probably ruining his dress shirt and silk tie.
 He let go of me and we walked to the next coffin, Violet’s. I looked at her, I still couldn’t believe she was dead. She was so alive a few days ago talking about her future with Randy and the baby. she was just a baby, but here she was. I touched her stomach, “That’s all she cared about you know?”
 Jesse moved my hand swiftly, “We know that but not everyone else does.” 
“Let’s go make our condolences.” I said as Jesse dropped my hand to my side. 
We walked over, Daisy was standing there red eyed, she obviously was not taking this well. At twelve years old how do you handle losing your two older sisters? 
“Daisy, I’m so sorry about what happened.” I said as I gave her a hug. 
“Thank you, Rena and…” she looked up at Jesse trying to find a name but struggling. 
“Jesse. He went to school with Rose and Violet.” 
She nodded in acceptance.
 “How are you doing?” I asked.
 “Terrible.” She muttered barely looking up from her hands.
 “If you want to talk, Daisy, I’m across the street anytime you need me.” I said as I hugged her again. I couldn’t bring back her sisters but I could at least try to make it a little easier on her. At least that was the plan.
We walked over to Daisy’s parents next. Mr. and Mrs. Fillmore, “I’m so sorry for your loss.” I said as I hugged them both.
 “Thank you, Rena,” Mrs. Fillmore choked out. Mr. Fillmore didn’t say a word he was stone faced. I introduced Jesse and then we left to mingle with the other mourners, David was there. He was standing alone, but when he saw me, he looked relieved.
 “Hi… how are you holding up?” he asked as he reached us.
 “You know I’ve been better.” I said not wanting to meet the anxiety I saw in his eyes.
 “Do you want something to drink?” Jesse asked during the silence, I nodded and he left. 
“Did you come with Jesse?” 
“Yeah… I think I would have been a blubbering ball in a corner if he wasn’t here.”
 “I wish you would have asked me to go with you.”
 “Well I wasn’t really talking to you when I asked Jesse.” I said looking around for other familiar faces. 
“Here,” Jesse said as he handed me a diet coke. 
“Thanks,” I said with a smile.
 “Dave, how long have you been here?” Jesse asked probably trying to make pleasant conversation.
 “Oh my god, Ren! What happened to your arm?” Dave said a little too loudly as he turned me slightly to get a better look. How did I forget my sweater?
 “Shh… it’s a secret I’ll tell you later.” I said pleading with him to lower his voice.
 “Did you do that?” David said his animosity growing.
 “No, it wasn’t Jesse now stop!” I said and then completely ignored all the words coming out of Dave’s mouth. If you’re wondering they weren’t nice.  Lieutenant Vazquez was standing there looking at me. I walked past Dave and Jesse. “Lt. I have some news.”
 “I do too, Rena.” He said his voice sounding grave. 
I showed him my arm, “God what happened?” he asked quietly.
 “I confronted Josh Gifford about something I heard and he admitted it. I think Randy and him are in on it together.” I said looking around to make sure no one was eavesdropping.
We had walked into a separate deserted room, “Why would you do that, Rena?” 
“I didn’t think they were linked at first but when I talked to him, he made it too clear.”
 “What?” he asked, as he still assessed my arm.
“He was dating Rose Fillmore they broke up it was ugly, she started dating Scott Kramer, Josh was pissed he broke them up and started fooling around with Violet. I don’t know if Randy knew that though. Josh is not right though he…he’s insane!”
 “Did he threaten you?”
 I nodded. “I’m staying away from him, my friends have told me to not even think about going near any of them, I’ve listened.”
 “Good … well thank you for that I will have to look into that… Gifford right?” He said pulling out a notebook and writing it down.
 I nodded again. “There was DNA evidence on the body under both Rose and Violet’s nails that we wouldn’t have noticed if we didn’t reopen the cases.” I felt relieved at least they’d get that much justice. “I am planning to clear this whole mess by testing the whole football team.” 
“But don’t you need parental consent?”
 “I’m working on that now.” I nodded, “And there was something else…” 
I looked up, “Yeah?”
 “I didn’t tell the Fillmores because I know Rose wouldn’t have liked it but I think this may be useful to you.” I looked up at him, afraid of what he was going to say.

  Chapter 17: Discovery
 “Medical records came back for Rose and she had recently gotten an abortion maybe two or three months before.” Lt. Vasquez must have noticed my shock, “Don’t tell a soul…but if what you told me was true I believe it was Josh’s child.” I nodded still not believing what he said, “It gives him a lot of motive against Rose. Now go back in there, Champ,” he said as he patted my head. 
“Joe, why would you tell me that?” I asked still trying to pull my mouth off the ground from what he had said. 
“Rena, you are just like them I know you wouldn’t give up, so the least I could do is gain from your expertise… but Rena if you go near any of the boys you’ve told me about, I will have you on house arrest before you can even turn around.” He said firmly. His tone similar to the one my father used when I was being stubborn. 
I nodded, “Yes sir.” I ran out of the room right into Jesse.
“Rena?” Jesse said as he found me next to the room I was standing in with Vasquez. I was in serious shock from what I heard I couldn’t believe Josh was so terrible. He hated her for getting an abortion, he hated her for hiding their love, something Violet would have never done, at least for Randy. 
I looked at him and hopefully was convincing, “I think we should go,” I whispered.
 Jesse looked at me in disbelief, “Are you alright?” I nodded trying to avoid his face, that face I knew I couldn’t lie to. “Rena, talk to me,” Jesse said pulling me towards the outside doors. 
“I can’t… at least not here.” I said finally looking into those beautiful ocean eyes.
 “You don’t look good, Ren, are you feeling sick?” Jesse said holding my shoulders. 
“I feel sick,” I muttered, hoping this would increase our chances of leaving.
 “I’ll get Krystal,” he said but stopped and just looked at me. He grabbed my hand, “But I’m not leaving you alone,” Jesse said as he pulled me back into the funeral home. Jesse walked up to Aunt Krystal and started telling her how I was feeling. She shot me several worried looks but I wasn’t paying attention. No… how do you pay attention when the guy who scared the ever living crap out of you just walked in with my ex best friend draped on his arm. I couldn’t even fathom why I was so scared, but from what I knew and what I heard, I knew this was a smart response. 
 I tried to hide, and ran up to Krystal and Jesse, “Please can we go?” Krystal looked at me confused, but Jesse knew what was happening. 
“If you would like to stay Krystal I can pick you up when you are done and just drive Rena home.”
 Krystal was thinking about it for a moment, “Take her home, she doesn’t look well you’re right, I’ll get another ride.” Krystal said as she handed Jesse her car keys. They were walking closer to me. I had to get out of here. Jesse noticed and quickly grabbed Krystal’s car keys.  
“Now you have to tell me what is going on, Ren.” Jesse said as we got into the car.
 “Is it Josh?” Jesse said, my face paled when he said his name, I nodded. 
“Did he hurt you again?” Jesse said the anger building in his voice.
 “No but Lt. Vasquez… it’s Josh I know it is Rose….Rose was pregnant” I said my voice was shaky. “She got an abortion it had to have been Josh’s kid.” I said the conviction coming into my voice. Jesse held onto the steering wheel tighter, his knuckles white from his intense grip. “I’m scared now,” I whispered.
 “You don’t have anything to be afraid of.” Jesse said as he tried to give me a reassuring look, that well, wasn’t reassuring enough. 
“How do you know that? He’s killed two people, one that he loved, why won’t he come after me? He doesn’t even like me…and he knows I know too much.” I was crying again, how could I not. I was scared to death…no pun intended. We pulled up to my house and went in. 
I wish I could control the crying because all I was able to do was cry while Jesse stood and held me in his arms. Sweet, if you forget about the whole Josh thing but I couldn’t think of anything else but Josh. Even when Jesse….JESSE… was hugging me and I could hear his heartbeat in his chest and felt his breath on the top of my head. My fear would not subside. 
Eventually, the tears began to clear, “Rena, he’s not going to come anywhere near you, I promise.” Jesse repeated trying to soothe my growing apprehension. He was really the best person I had ever met, I couldn’t believe how much of a friend he had become to me lately.
 “Why… why do you care so much?” was all I could choke up. Jesse looked at me like the answer was obvious, “Humor me.” 
“Rena, you’re my friend…I care about you… and how could I let anything happen to you when I….” Jesse stopped talking, “Let’s clean up your face,” he said instead, brushing off the last tears from my cheeks. 
“Did my makeup run?” I asked my voice was still gruff from all the tears. 
“No, just a little,” he said as he pulled my arm behind him into the kitchen.
“Do you think he will try anything tonight?” I whispered, as Jesse was wiping my face, he refused to let me see my reflection. It had to be bad, I looked down at his white shirt, there was nothing on it but tears. 
“I don’t know but lock your doors, windows, and keep your phone by your bed, do you have an alarm?” Jesse asked as he took a look around the room. 
“Yeah, but we never use it.”
 “Use it.” I nodded, “There you go,” he said holding my hands as I jumped off the stool. “Don’t leave your house at all, Rena.”
 “I’ll pick you up in the morning, don’t wait outside for me.”
 “What about after school?” I asked as we moved back into the living room. 
“I don’t have work tomorrow so we can come straight here after school. I really don’t want you anywhere you could run into him.” Jesse said. The way he looked at me I knew he was completely serious. 

Chapter 18: Scared Stupid
The next couple of days I was just scared to my wit’s end, probably as scared as Jesse was acting. The next morning he was deathly serious, about what he told me, he yelled at me when I opened the door when I heard him pull up, “What is wrong with you, Ren?” Jesse said a bit too loudly that Krystal peeked her head out.
 “Everything alright?” she asked.
 “Fine,” I said as I walked out the door, “Jess, I knew it was you that is ridiculous.” He calmed down.
 “I’m sorry,” he said as he got into his car, “I shouldn’t have yelled.” 
“Yeah,” I said settling into his car. 
Not only was Jesse rarely willing to leave my side but when I told David some semblance of the truth, of course leaving out names and just saying there was probably someone trying to kill me, and Jesse backed up my story. David wasn’t really willing to leave my side either. It was kind of ridiculous, if I wasn’t guarded by Jesse, David was on duty. It was frustrating…waiting scared for something that may or may not happen. It was Friday, one week since Rose’s death their funeral was tomorrow. It was odd that they held off so long after the funeral but due to the nature of their death’s they were holding off to make sure all the evidence was gathered.
I was standing at my locker with Jesse, “Do you want me to drive? I don’t mind going with Krystal again but if he shows up I want at least an escape route. Do you think Dave would come along with us?...Rena?” Jesse said, trying to snap me out of my daze.
 “Sorry um…I think you should drive and I don’t know about Dave why don’t you ask him when you switch shifts.” Jesse sighed, and leaned his body against the lockers beside mine.
 “Ren… you were so scared Wednesday…we are just protecting you.”
 “I think it’s just a little excessive,” I said trying to keep my voice calm. 
“But you’re safe,” was what he added, as he turned to face me, “Because they haven’t tried anything.” 
“Or they see that you are always with me or Dave is,” I sighed, “Jess, can you just ease up a little?” I pleaded.
He sighed, “I’m just worried but I’ll try not to be so overbearing.” 
“Jess!” I said as I looked past him and saw a scary sight. Lt. Vazquez was leading four officers to the principal’s office, this was the day I was waiting for or dreading. 
“I didn’t think they’d get the consent.” Jesse said as he looked over to me again.
 “I didn’t either.”  I muttered so quietly I’m surprised he even heard me.
 “Yeah, let’s get out of here.” Jesse said as he grabbed his backpack off the floor and headed for our first period. 
After I made up with David, Cait mysteriously stopped calling, and pretty much stopped trying to do anything that involved me. She didn’t come near me or sit by me in class, and she tried to avoid me every other time of the day too. Today was no different. I got to first period and sat in my usual seat, and Jesse sat in front of me. Caitlin had moved to the other side of the classroom and showed no signs of returning to her former seat beside me.  I guess it wasn’t bothering me as much. Yeah, she was my friend since I could remember but this Caitlin was not the Caitlin I knew growing up. We had nothing in common except maybe our taste in boys, which I wasn’t really proud of. The only boys I ever liked had dated Caitlin, it was a creepy pattern, but Jesse and David were too good for her, not necessarily good for me either but you know what I mean. 
I didn’t get Caitlin. I couldn’t tell you why she was mad at me but she was. “Have I done something wrong?” I asked Jesse when we took our seats. 
“What are you talking about?” he asked.
 “Cait she hasn’t talked to me.” I said giving her a passing glance.
 “Ren, she’s dirt…shouldn’t you be happy?”
 “She was my best friend, Jess.” I said not really accepting it had to be over between us.
“Yeah, but things change.” That wasn’t a lie, last week I was prepping to go to the dance and wondering if Cait would be queen. Now we weren’t even talking.
 “Besides I think I’ve been a great substitute best friend,” Jesse added with a teasing smile. 
“Yeah… but it’s not the same. I just feel like there is too much testosterone in my life now.” I said hoping he’d take it personally. 
“Hey I can’t help that… make more girlfriends… I mean did you guys really talk about stuff that you wouldn’t talk about with me?” He said jokingly.
I contemplated how I would answer that truthfully or jokingly, “I just miss having someone to boy talk with.” I said wistfully. Truthfully, I usually talked about boys with Dave, but Jesse didn’t know that.
 His eyebrows shot up, “We talk about …your boy problems.”  He wasn’t enjoying the conversation but I was, “Caitlin had a lot and it always made life interesting… I never told her about…” 
“Oh him again,” he said his knowing smile returning, “Have you told Dave about this guy because he would be pretty jealous.” 
“You think he can be more jealous than he is of you?” After I said it I regretted it. Sure Dave is seriously jealous of Jesse, but he tried to hide it as much as he could when Jesse was around.  David knew Jesse was the guy I just couldn’t get over… but he tried if he could to be a good friend and hide this little fact from Jesse. I was very grateful for that.
 “He’s not that jealous,” Jesse said defensively.
 “I forget you guys are best pals now, no more animosity.” I remarked sarcastically.
 “Dave’s cool, he’s your friend, shouldn’t you be happy I’m making an effort to be nice to the guy …and trust him.” Jesse remarked.
 “The only reason you put him on guard duty is because it’s too hard for you to be there yourself.” 
Jesse shrugged, “If that’s what you think.”
 I blinked purposefully, “Am I wrong?” He just smiled. No way I was going to know now. 
“I don’t know,” Jesse said his smile still big, and he just turned around torturing me further without even knowing. 
I don’t know how I kept the façade going the rest of the week with Jesse but I was positive he didn’t know I was in love with him. Mission One accomplished at least that is what I thought.
The day went down as uneventful as the last and I was getting ready to head to my locker to leave. Jesse had taken the weekend off just so he could hang out with me, I thought it wasn’t necessary because David could do the same thing without having to change plans, but Jesse insisted. If what I said to him earlier was any indication I think I was right, Jesse would prefer to be around and “protecting me” rather than Dave. I couldn’t help it but this was definitely raising my hopes of progressing our nonexistent romantic relationship. 
“So Krys doesn’t have work today but she does this weekend?” I nodded, “Okay that works….did you invite Dave over since you thought I was leaving him out?” Jesse mused. 
 “Yeah, he’ll call when he’s heading over, not today though.” I added quickly. 
“I’m heading to my locker be back in a few.” Jesse said as he walked away.
Caitlin came up to me shortly after Jesse departed, “So how’s my leftovers treating you?” she said, the venom present in every word. 
“Cait? Hi, I wanted to talk to you.” I said sort of relieved that she wanted to talk finally.
 “About dating my exes?” she said snidely.
“No… about being friends.” I said confused.
 “Why would I want you as my friend?” she said with a shrill laugh that wasn’t like her, at least when she was talking to me. 
“Because we have been best friends forever, Caitlin.” I said with more conviction.
 “Well you should have thought of that before.” She practically hissed at me. 
 “Before what?” I wasn’t getting where she was going. Why was she so angry with me?
 “Let me see…. Before you forgave David. Before you started fooling around with Jesse…Before you got back with David. Do they know about each other…and your cheating escapades?”  I looked at her in disbelief. Where the hell did all this come from? I felt like I was in some weird Twilight Zone.
 “What the hell are you talking about? Jesse and I are just friends; David and I are just friends. I’m not seeing or cheating on anyone. Cait, why would you say something like that? You know me.” I was hurt by what she was saying, she looked like I was just a pain in her side. I hadn’t even done anything to make her angry. 
“I thought I knew you and then you pull this. You wanna get back at me for hurting you…fine, but be a woman about it.” She spat back at me, ignoring everything I had just said.
“I’m not trying to get back at you for anything, Cait,” I said trying to sound reassuring and to calm her down. People were starting to stare at us. 
“I’ve been such a good friend to you, Rena, I looked the other way when you were smitten with my boyfriend, I looked the other way when I thought you and Dave might actually work out…but to use them to hurt me is low.” She said moving closer to me. I couldn’t believe what she was saying. She knew about Jesse the whole time and was just waiting for a chance like this to throw it in my face? “I don’t get one thing though…how could Jesse possibly fall for you?” she scoffed, “And the only thing I came up with was he hasn’t you are still just following him around like the lovesick puppy you are.” I wanted to cry, “I was such a great friend to you and you were just trying to steal my boyfriends!” She said next, her words were growing angrier and louder, most of the hallway was staring now. I couldn’t say anything. I knew I would cry if I muttered a word. I just avoided her glare, praying she would finish soon.
“Let’s go,” I heard behind me as a hand went around my lower arm.
 “Speak of the devil,” Caitlin said her rage redirecting to Jesse, “Don’t you wanna know the truth about Perfect little Rena and just how long she’s loved you?” Jesse looked at her, his eyes cold, and all he did was ignore her.
 “Come on, Rena.” Jesse said pulling my arm to walk away. I couldn’t help but look at the smugness on Caitlin’s face. She didn’t care about me, she just wanted to torture Jesse. She had gotten everything she wanted out of that, except maybe to torture Jesse a little longer.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Jesse said as we got closer to his car. 
“I didn’t go up to her she came to me,” I said still trying to hold back the tears. He looked at me for a moment like he wanted to say something but couldn’t. 
“What was that, Ren?” David said after he ran over to us, “Are you okay?” 
I nodded, “She hates me now,” I murmured, David gave me a hug, “I’m so sorry…do you wanna grab a milkshake or something?” I shook my head; I didn’t want to think about anything like that; I had officially broken up with my best friend and there was no food that could possibly console me. I knew I was shaky I just wanted to sit and forget about this. 
After several moments of silence, Jesse said, “Let’s get you home, kid.”
 “Maybe I should take her home, so she can vent about Cait.”
 “She can vent to me, Dave” Jesse retorted not too nicely, showing how insulted he felt. 
“Guys, I’m fine, nothing to talk about, Jesse can take me home…I’ll call you later Dave?” he nodded and backed off begrudgingly.
 I settled into Jesse’s car and we took off. We were quiet for a while, “She’s a bitch, don’t take it personal.” Jesse said as he absorbed my depressed demeanor. 
“But she has never been a bitch to me.” I said not knowing why I was trying to defend her. 
“She was hooking up with your boyfriend” he added, “How could she be mad at you when you should be mad at her.” Jesse was steamed. “You never hurt her.” I looked down at my lap, blinking back tears. Cait hated me and had every excuse to, she knew all about how I felt for Jesse. I felt like crud because I knew I was the one that was wrong. “What did she say that made you so angry or hurt?” he stopped and waiting for my response but when I didn’t he continued talking.  “Cait’s a button pusher that’s why she started making up some story when she saw me.” I looked at him, he just figured she was trying to push his buttons; I had to at least tell him she wasn’t. This was probably be the only chance I’d have to be honest with him.

Chapter 19: Honestly
 “She wasn’t lying about most of what she said. I am a terrible person, Jess.”
 “You are not a terrible person in any way.” Jesse said giving me this look of worry and pleading. He didn’t want to know the truth. Believe me I didn’t want to tell him the truth.
“I stole David from her… I knew being your friend would make her angry I just couldn’t help it.” Jesse turned away from me focusing his attention on his driving. 
“So what else was true that she said?” Jesse said, still not facing me. 
I started crying, “You’ll think I’m a freak!” I said between sobs. 
Jesse couldn’t help but look at me, “Don’t cry…there is nothing that you could say to make me hate you.” He was such a great guy; why hadn’t he run away when he had the chance?
“I was terrible and she didn’t even say half the things she could have, I told David about what she did to you…I never told you what she was doing …I couldn’t bear to hurt you that way.” I started, trying with all my might to stop crying and failing.
 “You knew?” he asked in shock. 
I nodded, “But we weren’t friends like we are now and…and I couldn’t bear to see you in that much pain…Jesse…I never told anyone but Dave and she knew!”
 “She knew?” he asked, sending a quick glance towards me.
 “Why lie when you already know what she said was completely true.” I whispered, barely audible but he heard me. 
“You love me?” The tears started falling harder, streaming down my cheeks. The sobs were steady and making it nearly impossible to speak. He was parked in front of my house, he didn’t move. His hands were holding tight on the steering wheel not looking at me. “How long?” he asked still avoiding me.
 I shook my head, “Please don’t ask me that,” I croaked out. Jesse turned towards me; he looked torn.
 “When I was with Caitlin? While you were hiding her secrets from me?” I couldn’t bear to look at him.
 “If you hate me I understand,” I said taking off my seatbelt and unlocking the door. 
“Don’t go,” Jesse said grabbing my arm, “I think I deserve to know,” I looked at him, tears still blurring my vision. 
“You don’t want to know.”
 “I do.” I looked at him in disbelief. I couldn’t bear to lose him but here I was giving him the ammo to bolt from my life forever.
“Jesse,” I said giving one last pained expression, but he insisted I continue, “Cait introduced us and I knew she wanted to date you the second she looked at you. You were everything she looked for in guys plus more. Caitlin doesn’t really care about brains and how sweet and caring you actually are it was just an added bonus on her part. I thought you were perfect when I met you…I had a crush on you but I didn’t want Caitlin to know because I’d be a bad friend. I kept it to myself and tried to stay away from you thinking I’d get over it. Problem was you didn’t seem to be going away as quickly as Cait’s other boyfriends and you were just always around even though I was avoiding you. I just couldn’t force myself not to like you. Cait started fooling around with other guys and I hated it and tried to tell her how terrible she was being to you. You guys eventually broke up after you found about her and Josh, I never stopped liking you. Which sucks because it was why I didn’t want to date Dave and Dave hates that I can’t get over my silly crush, he told me I was torturing myself by being your friend and I think he’s right. I know you probably hate me so I will call Dave he can hang with me this weekend and take me to school and stuff.” I said the tears had stopped but I was scared of what came next. It was Jesse’s turn to talk and I had no clue what he was thinking. 
“You didn’t say you loved me?” Jesse said still looking away from me. 
“Is it really love if the other person doesn’t love you in return?” I whispered.
 “That’s called unrequited love,” he added with a smirk.
 “So I’ve been told.” I muttered thinking back to the last time Jesse told me that, we were joking, this time it was serious. 
“So the mystery guy was it me?” he asked, looking at me like it was the first time. I nodded, I couldn’t speak those words to him. “Can we go in the house?” He finished, with that.
I looked in the drive way, Krystal wasn’t home I wondered where she was. “I guess…Jess you don’t have to be nice to me, you can run away like I know you want to.” He looked at me his face was unreadable, it was frustrating.  
“I don’t hate you, and I’m not going to leave you alone.” I headed for the front door and unlocked the door. 
“Can you grab our backpacks?” I asked.
 “The least we could do is our homework,” Jesse said with a smile as he jogged back towards his car. I opened the door, it was dark. I turned on the lights and was grabbed by a linebacker. The door slammed behind me. I screamed but Josh’s hand went over my mouth. 
“I know you told, bitch.” Josh spat out, his arms holding me from behind, his vice grip was so going to lead to even more bruises. Great. 
The door knob moved, “Very funny, Ren, open the door,” Jesse said.
 “Tell Dave to go away,” Randy said coming out from the shadows.
 I shook my head, “Why so you can kill me?” They didn’t like my answer. Josh pulled me further away from the front door almost to the kitchen. 
“Tell him to go away or we will kill your precious David too.” They had no clue it was Jesse outside.
 “Go away I need to be alone.” I shouted to the front door.
 “Rena, we need to finish this…why are you afraid to talk to me?” Jesse said back he sounded like a wounded animal, and my heart was breaking. “I’m not leaving until we talk.” Randy rolled his eyes.
 “What is up with this guy?” he complained.
I was trying to get Josh’s monstrous hands off me but he wasn’t letting up. I was small, much smaller than his six foot four frame. He was over a foot taller than me with about a hundred pounds over me as well. I didn’t even attempt to consider that Randy was way bigger than Josh, in other words I was totally screwed. “We can talk tomorrow I just need some time alone.” I said emphasizing the alone hoping Jesse would get what was going on. 
“I’m not leaving.” The three of us remained quiet as we heard Jesse shifting outside, a key went into the door and it unlocked.
 “Damn!” Randy saw this and ran to behind the door. As Jesse walked in he was hit with a lamp and fell to the ground. He was out cold. “Jesse?” Randy shouted when he fell to the ground. Randy quickly closed and locked the door again. 
Randy picked him up with ease and threw him on the couch. “Man, I thought you said she was screwing that Dave guy?”
 “I didn’t know she got around as much as Cait.” Josh said his voice was strained as I tried again to escape his grasp. I was kicking him in his monstrous legs, and he wasn’t even wincing. I tried using my arms to punch him but he was holding on too tightly. I was actually losing circulation in my arms. 
“Please let me help him he’s bleeding.” I said tears running down my face again. Randy looked over at Jesse in surprise.
 “Hell he is.” Then he just shrugged. Josh threw me on the couch beside Jesse.
 “Listen, nark,” Josh said pointing one of his sausagey fingers in my face, “Don’t move…because if I have to hold you down again it will be less pleasant than the last time.
 “I can help him?” I whispered in disbelief. 
“Of course, Jess is my boy…he wasn’t supposed to be here for this.” I was surprised. They were obviously new with this murder thing and they were winging it. I may actually have a chance of getting out of this, I thought for one fleeting moment.
“Can I get the first aid kit?” I asked, touching Jesse’s unconscious face, it didn’t look too bad.
 “Where is it?” Josh asked.
 “My aunt’s bathroom, go past the kitchen to the hallway that’s her room.” Josh nodded and left. Randy moved closer to me, I guess to make sure I wouldn’t try anything when Josh was gone. “So who’s the ring leader you or Josh?” I asked, trying to move, Jesse so he was lying on the couch. I could barely move him an inch, Randy shifted him like he weighed nothing.
 “It’s none of your business… why was he here?” Randy asked angry that he had to have taken out a friend. 
“Jesse was protecting me.” I said simply. I felt horrible looking at his unconscious face.
“From what?” He asked like it wasn’t obvious. 
 “From you.” I said my eyes narrowing on him. 
“God, you’re so stupid! So he knows everything?” I nodded, “That sucks!” I was confused, “I guess we will just have to kill both of you.” Randy said nonchalantly.
 “What?” I shouted in disbelief. 
“Josh, no need now.” He shouted over me.
 Josh came running back in, no first aid kit in sight. 
“We have to kill him too, bro.” Josh looked at him in disbelief.
 “What…man but that’s Jesse.” He stammered.
“She told him everything” Randy said looking at me accusingly.  Josh looked at me rage building in his eyes.
 “You stupid bitch!” he shrieked.
 “We need a new plan…we can’t kill her like we wanted, not with Jesse here.” Josh said, thinking.
 “You guys actually plan? I didn’t know your brains can do anything besides football!” I shouted stupidly. What was insulting them going to solve? they were going to kill me and Jesse and I couldn’t do a thing about it. Unless…

  Chapter 20: Hopeless Situations
“Jesse….Wake up!” I said shaking his shoulders, “Wake up!” Josh picked me up.
 “Leave him alone,” he snarled. 
“Shouldn’t he at least know what is happening and what his friends plan to do to him?” I shouted. I was fighting Josh with all I had but it wasn’t getting anywhere. He was too big to be injured by a hundred pound weakling like me. 
“Stop!” Josh said too close to my face for my liking. 
Randy walked away and grabbed a chair from the dining room, “I think she needs to be tied up.” Randy said as Josh threw me into the chair. They had thought about this more than I realized. next to the sofa was a backpack full of useful things, like handcuffs to restrain me to a chair and tape to cover my mouth and keep my legs in place. They were smarter than I gave them credit for. It was starting to sink in I wasn’t going to get out of this. 
I started to cry again, “The waterworks again?” Randy said, “Chill okay you act like we are gonna….” He trailed off a smile growing on his face, “Oh yeah …go ahead and cry.”
 “Don’t play with her Rand…what are we gonna do?” Josh said, he seemed nervous; his foot was tapping back and forth anxiously. 
“Stop that I’m trying to think.” Randy shouted back in response to Josh’s tapping. “What about murder suicide?” Randy asked, “You know they had a fight, she couldn’t stand to be without him,  wham.”
 “One problem...they aren’t dating.” Josh interjected.
 “Are you sure cuz you said she was gonna come over here with her boyfriend David…that’s not David.” Randy said pointing to Jesse’s limp body.
 Josh shrugged, “Let’s ask.” Josh said standing and walking towards me.
 He ripped the tap off my mouth, “OW!” 
Josh just smiled, “I hope so bitch…so what’s up? Why is Jesse here?”
 “Why should I tell you anything you are just going to kill us.” I said turning my head away from them. 
Randy pulled my hair back and stood over me, “I’m not here to play stupid games now tell me what he is doing here?”
 “He drove me home,” I whispered trying to hold back the scream in my throat.
 “Why? Where’s Dave?” he questioned.
 “Dave didn’t drive me home.” 
“Why not?” Josh asked his voice growing angrier.
 Randy let go of me but was still standing close, “You’re right this girl is a pain in the ass.”
 “Because Jesse drives me home.” I said sternly.
 “Since when?” Josh asked trying to remain calm.
 “Since we broke up.” I said rudely.
 “Caitlin never told me you guys broke up.” Josh said confusion obvious in his tone. 
“Why would she when she was the one that broke us up?” I said hoping Josh was getting what I was saying. 
“Cait was hooking up with Dave?” Josh asked angrily, “That fucking slut!” Josh was way angrier than I thought. 
“She was hooking up with him way before I started dating him, Dave was just using me to make her jealous.” I said the hurt from thinking about the situation returning. 
“So you started hooking up with Jesse?” he asked.
 “No.” The regret was hard to overcome but I kept talking, “We are just friends.”
 “Cait told me you had a thing for him, does he know?” Josh asked.
 “You guys talk about me a lot…why?” I retorted. 
“We don’t. These are just some things I picked up; are you two friends again?” he continued.
 “Haven’t talked up until today…it’s been a week or so.” I said, hoping whatever I said about Caitlin would make him hate her.
 “That bitch,” he muttered. 
“Still cheating on you?... she’s not going to change.” I said happy to know she was still being a terrible person and it wasn’t just me. 
“Yeah, well that’s not your problem is it? Answer the question does Jesse know that you like him?” It made tears come to my eyes again, “I’d take that as a yes….and he doesn’t want to be with you.” Josh said with a knowing smile. “There’s your motive, Randy.” Josh said standing up.
 “Murder suicide and unrequited love sounds good to me.” Randy said with a smile. “So how should we kill them?” 
Jesse shifted on the sofa and everyone froze. “What the hell, Rena?” He opened his eyes and saw that I was handcuffed to a chair with two burly football players standing on either side of me. “Oh my god!” Jesse sat up and tried to stand but couldn’t do it just yet, he was probably woozy from the blood loss and the possible concussion he had. “What are you doing here? Let her go!” Jesse said his voice sounding stronger than he looked.
 “No, man we can’t let her go and unfortunately we can’t let you go either.” Randy said slowly creeping towards Jesse, probably to hold him down. 
“You did this? All of it… I thought you were wrong.” Jesse said looking at me, “They killed them didn’t they?” I nodded, tears running down my face again.
 “Listen man we didn’t want to kill you…but from the sound of it you know too much and we can’t have that.” Randy said jumping forward to grab Jesse. 
Jesse rolled off the sofa avoiding Randy’s assault. Josh came lunging forward, his arms trying to grab hold of Jesse but he kicked him off. Jesse kicked him hard enough in the face that Josh actually staggered backwards, “My nose!” He shouted as he covered the bloody mess of his broken nose.” Jesse had gotten to his feet, and was avoiding Randy. 
Randy was in position to pounce with the slightest hint of hesitation on Jesse’s part. They moved quickly, Jesse and Randy getting a few punches here and there, but it was a standstill. Where had Josh gone? I turned around and there he was holding a knife walking towards me. “Shit!” I muttered as I tried to find a way out of these stupid handcuffs. I was shaking the chair trying to pull the handle keeping my hands to the chair off. 
“Stop moving!” Josh shouted at me, but it was too late I tipped over the chair, I was on my side, and he had tripped over the chair hitting his head on the coffee table right beside me. Jesse and Randy both froze to see Josh go out cold, but it was only a moment. They continued back and forth throwing punches trying to get in deadly blows but always missing. I was frantic. I couldn’t escape I was on the floor right beside an unconscious murderer; where else would I have been? 
Then I saw salvation hanging out of his back pocket, Josh had his cell phone and it was right next to my feet. I tried to wiggle my feet as much as I could, they had taped them to the chair but it was easier to handle then the handcuffs on my hands. I moved my right foot and was able to kick the phone out of his pocket without Josh even shifting near consciousness. I started kicking it towards my face, but how was I going to dial? I kicked enough that it was close to my knees. I used my knees to propel the phone towards my face. And it was so close but I didn’t use enough force it was below my shoulder. I tried to get my arms close enough to the phone but it was hard when they were handcuffed to a chair. 
My attention shifted when I saw a body being flung in my direction. Jesse landed on the couch, Randy came again ready to tackle him. He really took his football duties too seriously. He jumped but instead of moving Jesse hit him with the lamp on the end table. I heard the lamp smash but I couldn’t see much as I was on the floor tied to a chair with the coffee table and Josh blocking most of my view. Randy landed and I heard the air in Jesse’s lungs escape. Randy was huge that was not an easy feat to be awake after that blow. Randy was unconscious for the moment however, Jesse rolled him onto the floor besides Josh and jumped over them towards me. 
“Rena? Are you okay?” Jesse sounded frantic.
 “I’m okay.” I said feeling self conscious about being tied to a tipped over chair.
 “Did they hurt you?” he said, assessing me for damage. 
“No just a few bruises is all.” I said with a smile that I hoped looked reassuring. He lifted my chair back up and started looking around for the handcuff keys.
 “Did you see where they put it?” he asked talking about the keys. 
“I think it has to be on one of them they were behind me I’m not sure who actually handcuffed me. Wait, Jesse, call the cops first.”
 “Right,” he said leaning on the couch towards the house phone. “Is Lt. Vasquez there? It’s an emergency. Yes, I’ll hold. Lt Vasquez get to Rena Solis’s house ASAP they tried to kill us. Josh and Randy!” He hung up the phone, and placed his feet on the ground only to be pulled to the floor. Randy was awake again. 
“Now why did you have to do that?” Randy said landing a few more blows on Jesse. 
“Stop, what are you doing?” Jesse and Randy looked at me confused, “Why are you still here when the police are on their way?” 
“Because they know it’s me… Randy said landing another sucker punch on Jesse.” Jesse staggered backwards falling onto the coffee table, he was still conscious. Jesse lifted himself up quickly and took a swing at Randy, pushing him back onto the couch. The front room wasn’t large enough for two football players to be fighting in and have a third one passed out. I couldn’t move. I wanted to help but I was stuck to the stupid chair. Jesse was landing blows to Randy’s then bloodied face. 
All of Jesse’s anger was visible, “Stop Jesse you are gonna kill him!” I shouted. Randy was unconscious again from all the punches to the face. “He’s out help me!” I said, Jesse looked at Randy’s limp body and then started digging around for the keys.
 “He doesn’t have them.” He said patting him down just to be cautious.
 “Check Josh.” Jesse obliged and found the keys in his shirt pocket. 
Jesse ran over to me, “There you go” he whispered, as the handcuffs fell from my hands.
 “Oh god Jess!” I said wrapping my arms around him, “I thought they were going to kill us!” I was crying again, I felt the tears were starting to get ridiculous. I was a sobbing mess for most of the day, hell most of the week.   
Jesse hugged me back, “You’d think I’d let that happen? I made a promise to you.”
 I looked at him, “How did you know I was in trouble and to come in?” I asked genuinely curious how he figured it out.
“We needed to talk, I wasn’t going to leave until we talked… I had no idea they were in here, I just thought you were trying to close me out.” He said sounding a bit embarrassed. 
Then I heard one of the most beautiful sounds I had ever heard…Police Sirens. They first knocked at my door, but quickly kicked it in hoping not to find another murder scene. The look of surprise on their faces was pretty entertaining, they expected us to be dead, not the murder suspects to be unconscious. 
Lt. Vazquez walked over to us, “What the hell happened?”
 “They knew I told…they were waiting for me… and Jesse was with me so they said they were going to kill us both. I was handcuffed to the chair”, I said showing them, the chair and cuffs. “Jesse was unconscious when they tied me up but he came to and attacked them. Jesse took out Randy and Josh knocked himself out when he tripped over my chair. I showed him everything. “They had it planned a murder suicide. I don’t know who the leader was but all the evidence you need is probably in that backpack.” I said pointing to their fun bag of torture. 
“Rena… I’m so sorry that you had to have gone through this… believe me they won’t be getting out soon, there’s just one problem.” Vasquez said.
 “Problem?” I asked confused.
 “The DNA sample acquired from Rose’s fingernails had two sets of DNA and one of them was female.”
 “Female? No, they confessed.” I said in disbelief, falling onto the now destroyed sofa.
“Maybe there was three of them in on it…the female could be the ringleader.” Vasquez suggested. 
“So there is still someone out there who wants to kill me?” I said sinking further into the now empty couch. Randy and Josh had long been removed. 
“We are putting a protective detail on you and you.”  Vasquez said pointing to Jesse. “But do you know who it could be? We are assuming it is someone close to both boys. Probably in the same grade as all of you. She probably holds a grudge and had to have a very strong vendetta against Rose Fillmore to kill her.” Lt. Vasquez was saying but my mind was somewhere else. Female? Was all I could think. How was there someone else out there killing people, looking for me.
“Boy, you should really get your head looked at,” the lieutenant said to Jesse when he saw the gash on his forehead. 
“Yes sir,” Jesse said and then quickly left without another word.
 “Do you want me to call your parents or Krystal, Rena?”
 “I called Aunt Krystal she had to cover for someone at work she will be here by seven it’s only two hours…she was freaking out so she will probably get here sooner.” 
“I don’t think you should stay here alone.” He said sounding very concerned.
 “I have Jesse and my amazing police detail.” I said with faked cheer.
 “Go somewhere public at least until Krystal gets home.” He amended knowing, I wasn’t going to give in.
 “Fine I’ll go to The Scoop?” 
“Thanks…is Jesse the Harris’ boy?” I nodded, it seemed like an odd question but I didn’t press. “I’ll wait until he gets back, just one more thing.” He said.
 “What?” 
 “You really didn’t try to out them or go near them?” He sounded like he was in disbelief. 
“No, I didn’t go near Randy and the only time I talked to Josh was the time I told you about it.” 
Jesse sauntered back into the living room, “What did they say?” I asked as he sat beside me.
 “I’m lucky it could have been a lot worse…no concussion and the bleeding has stopped. They said I should make an appointment with my primary this week to check for internal bleeding though.” 
I nodded, “Good to hear well I’m leaving, Rena, remember what I said.” Lt. Vasquez said and then stood abruptly when Jesse walked back into the room. I nodded and waved good bye. 
“Let’s get out of here!” I said standing up.
 “What? Why?” he asked confused.
“He doesn’t want me here…he wants us somewhere public.” I said walking towards the stairs, “Scoop?” 
“Yup, good thing to I’m starved.” Jesse actually smiled maybe this was going to work out. 
I ran upstairs and threw on long jeans and a sweatshirt to cover the bruises on my ankles, wrists, and shoulders. It really is a pain that I bruise so easily. I walked back downstairs. “Ready? Why’d you change?” 
“Dude I have more bruises than a battered wife” I said pulling up my sleeves to show him my wrists.
“Geez.” He said while examining my wrist.

  Chapter 21: Not Just Yet
I called Krystal and then we left. “So,” Jesse said stretching the word out so it had multiple syllables.  
“So should we tell Dave?”
 “What no… I was talking about the girl.” Jesse said eyeing me funny. 
“I think I know who it is.” he said simply.
“What? Who?!” I practically screeched.
“Caitlin.” He said it like it was obvious.
 “Caitlin? Like Caitlin my best friend, Caitlin?” Jesse nodded.
 “It all points to her. She has the motive against both of them and Josh is her boyfriend, Randy and Josh are good friends so I’m sure she sees enough of Randy. Plus the girl is manipulative.” I sank into Jesse’s leather seat surprised I hadn’t thought of it sooner. Jesse was right she was the only one with enough rage to actually go through with something like that.  
“Oh my god you are so right… that explains everything.” Jesse looked at me surprised. 
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“Rose Fillmore… I think Randy and Caitlin did it… Cait is smart enough to know she can’t fight without messing up her designer dress. Cait told him that she was not going to let Violet get the abortion and she would ruin everything for him. Strictly Caitlin manipulation but her reasons were different. She wanted her dead so Josh could suffer. He cheated on Cait and fell in love with Rose, he would never have wanted her dead.” 
“But then why was Josh here now?” 
“Violet’s death was a little trickier. You see Cait disliked Violet for fooling around with Josh but she must have thought the baby wasn’t Randy’s, or even better they didn’t know. Caitlin tells them Violet doesn’t know who the father is and wham two men angry enough to kill.”
 “Holy s-shit!” he sputtered.
 “I know.” I said, a wave of accomplishment washing over me.
 “What about you?” he asked.
“I’m still working that out… she must really think I’m with you or Dave…why else would she be so angry.”
 “Unless the boys came up with it on their own.” He added.
 I shook my head, “No, they couldn’t come up with it on their own but if Josh told Cait about what I said, she knew I was on to them… I know too much I had to go.” 
Jesse’s face was in shock, “But you are her best friend.”
 “It doesn’t matter... not when I’m the only one standing in the way of her and getting away with murder.” I said startled at the realization.
We pulled up to The Scoop, it was pretty crowded. Jesse and I sat at the nearly deserted counter. His mom was working the counter, she usually did when all the servers were busy. “Hey Rena, how are you sweetheart?” Jesse must have called and talked to her the worry was all over her face. 
“Been better Mrs. Harris.” I said with a smile, I hoped she believed.
 “Two root beer floats?” she asked, we nodded and she went to start fixing them up.
  “You told her everything?”  I asked incredulously. 
Jesse chuckled, “You are perceptive… she’s my mom what do you expect?”
 I rolled my eyes, “I just thought we’d keep it quiet for a little longer.” 
“Relax” Jesse said squeezing my hand that was on the counter. I blushed, I felt it, my cheeks were burning so I turned away from Jesse’s face and looked around the diner. Most of the high school was there excitedly talking about sports and school. While I sat there thinking about the big mess my life was. 
“Floats here.” Jesse said and moved his hand. 
“Great,” I muttered.
 “Want anything to eat?” Mrs. Harris said merrily, she was one of the sweetest women I had ever met.
 “Sure chicken BLT no mayo.” I said trying to sound happier than I was. 
“Burger and fries.” Jesses said, and his mom didn’t seem to like that answer.
 “Jesse all that red meat is so bad for you what about chicken?” I laughed I couldn’t help it, she was telling him his order.
 “Fine, mom same as Rena.” He groaned.
 “Good be back in a few.” She said.
“You can’t say she doesn’t care.” I said with a chuckle after she walked into the kitchen. 
“Yeah, I guess not.” Jesse said looking at the door his mom walked through. 
“Do you think we should tell Vasquez about our theory?” I asked after several moments of silence. Jesse looked at me exasperated the stress of the day was all over his face. 
“Let’s take a walk,” Jesse whispered in my ear, mostly to drown out the surrounding sounds.
 “But our food?” he walked behind the counter put our drinks in to go containers and went into the kitchen probably to tell his mom to hold out on our food. 
“Let’s go,” he said as he came out the door. I followed him, we walked outside. It was a nice spring day in the low seventies. Jesse was walking, ignoring the world. I struggled to keep up but he slowed and matched my pace after a few minutes. We walked in silence for a couple of blocks.
 “What’s up?” I said nervous about what he was thinking about. We were walking in the park used by the elementary schools now. It was deserted thanks to the sun starting to set. We sat at the bench facing the sunset.
 “Rena…” he wanted to say something but was contemplating whether to say it or not. 
“Just say it,” I said tired of waiting. 
“I’m not a jerk…I just want to know what this is,” he said pointing between the two of us. I was surprised he was trying to talk about what happened earlier. Crap! 
“We are friends,” I said hoping he’d at least agree with that.
 “Are we really? Even though you told me you loved me?” I swallowed hard I didn’t know what to say. Was he breaking up with me? The tears came down without me even noticing. 
“I’m sorry,” I muttered trying to hide my face by turning the other way. 
“Don’t cry,” Jesse sighed. He turned me to face him, “I just thought we should talk about this… Rena,” he paused and exhaled deeply, “if you want us to stay friends we can stay that way.”
 I looked at him. I was confused by what he was saying. “What do you want?” I asked curious as to his answer, he smiled.
 “I have no clue but…” he stopped talking and kissed me. Yes! Jesse kissed me and let me say it was swoon worthy. Every fantasy dream I had ever possibly conceived had just come true. 
I looked at him; Sure it was perfect and everything I wanted but I was still confused. He kissed me but why.
 “Why did you do that?” I asked, hoping he didn’t read my confused expression wrong but he did. His smile disappeared.
 “I thought you wanted me too,” he said a bit defensively. 
“I did but why did you?” His beautiful smile flashed again. Making my heart skip a beat.
 “I guess I should confess too.” It was my turn to be surprised, “You see this mystery girl I’ve liked just told me she loved me, and I’ve been dying to kiss her ever since.” My mouth dropped, I could not process what he just said to me it was that unbelievable.
  “What?” Was what I meant to say but it came out as “wh…wha…what?!” I looked up at him not sure I heard him correctly. He laughed his soft smooth laugh that made my heart stop and my breath catch in my throat.
“Rena… I thought you would be happy you look like you are in shock,” he said grabbing my hand with one of his own and his other brushing my cheek. “I’ve tried to tell you but there just hasn’t been a good time, you know with murderers after us and all.” Could life really be this good to me? “Say something?” he said his voice still low and sultry, making my heart begin to pound again in a staccato tempo even more than that kiss did.
 “I’m just surprised” was all I choked out. 
  He smiled, “So we are good?” I nodded, “Great because…”
 Before he could finish that sentence I kissed him. I don’t know where I got the courage from, but I had to. I wanted to enjoy every second of this wonderful moment and I did not want it to end with one kiss. It was just as wonderful as the first. The kiss was soft and warm. His hands wrapped around my waist before our lips parted. “I wanted to kiss you again, but I guess you beat me to it.” Jesse said with a smile that was making it hard for me to resist kissing him yet again. 
 “So how about we get you some food now?” I hadn’t thought about it  with everything else going on but I was still starving.
 “I’m dying now,” I said as we stood up, he grabbed my hand and my heart did cartwheels and I couldn’t hide the sheer happiness on my face. He kissed my forehead and we started walking towards The Scoop again. 
We walked there and it was a lot more pleasant then the walk to the park. We laughed and Jesse stopped a few times for a kiss. I was completely distracted from everything that happened earlier in the day. He fixed everything with just a look or a smile. We walked back into The Scoop. It had cleared out, so we headed towards a booth until we saw David. He was talking to some guys probably from the soccer team; he left them quickly and came over to our table. 
“What are you doing here? I thought you guys were keeping it low?”
 “I’ll be back with our food,” Jesse said dropping my hand and walking to the kitchen.
 Dave sat across from me, “What’s going on?” 
“They attacked us.” Dave’s face went from suspicious to shock. 
“What? When?” he said stunned.
“Randy and Josh did it after school when Jesse was dropping us off. They were in my house.”
 “Randy and Josh?” he repeated confused. I nodded.
 “We are lucky to be alive…it’s mostly because of Jesse… I would have been a goner without him.”
 “Jesse was with you… you are okay?” he said, his gaze wandering over me for any visible marks.
I nodded, “Jesse took out Randy and Josh knocked himself out on the coffee table.”
 “Wow! Did you call the cops?” he asked.
 “Yeah! They took them away and checked out Jesse’s head. I didn’t have any injuries except for some bruises.” I said as I rolled up my sleeves to show him my wrists.
 “My God,” he muttered grabbing my sore wrist to examine closely. 
 “Yeah, it’s gross…but get this when they got there we talked to Lt. Vasquez and he said there is a third person involved, a female.”
 “Do they have any idea who it is?” David asked trying to keep his voice calm. 
“No but I…we think it’s Caitlin.” David’s face was stunned; Jesse came over with new floats and our BLTs. He sat beside me, and threw his arm over my shoulders.
 “Dinner is served…did you tell him?” he asked.
“Caitlin?” I asked.

 Chapter 22: Blush
“I…but ….she’s…” David stopped talking and then looked at the sight in front of him  and even though I would have said it wasn’t possible his eyes widened even more, “what the…. Are you guys?”
 I blushed not realizing Jesse had his arm over my shoulder, “Um, well this is sorta new,” I muttered trying to find my voice. 
“So you guys almost get killed and realize you’re perfect for each other?” David said with an odd grin. 
“Well it’s not really like that but sorta.” Jesse laughed, “It’s a long story man but I guess we should be thanking Caitlin for the push.” Jesse started eating his sandwich, and remained quiet mostly. 
David didn’t look as angry as I thought he would be. He actually looked pretty happy. “All that time and I was right.” David added still absorbing the sight in front of him.
 “You were right?” I asked. 
 “Don’t pretend Rena…I told you since…” David started.
 “Oh yeah well you were right,” I said trying to end his little speech. 
“Okay back to the important stuff… why haven’t you told the cops you know who the other person is?” David asked his face returning to his grave seriousness.
 “Well we just sorta figured it out and we are not even sure if we are right.” I said starting to pick at my food. 
“Maybe we should tell him tomorrow after we see what Cait is up to” I said looking over at Jesse. 
“You want to follow her?” Jesse choked out. 
“It’s the only way we are going to know for sure.” I said thinking it was the most obvious plan of action.
 “What is she going to do to tip us off? It’s not like Josh and Randy are around.” David added agreeing with Jesse. 
“I think we need to tell Vasquez and wipe our hands of this,” Jesse said sounding more like himself. “No one else needs to get hurt, Rena.” Jesse continued, placing his arm back over my shoulder.  “You’ve been through enough… besides we have more important stuff like the funeral tomorrow.” Jesse said grabbing some of my fries. 
I slapped his hand away, “Eat your own” I said with a giggle. 
“I’m out.” Jesse said still going after my fries. 
“I guess you guys are right we’ll call in the morning and go to the funeral like nothing has happened,” I added.
 “Do you guys still want me to meet you at the funeral?” David asked.
 “Yeah, that would be best in case we need to get out of there quick… are you still going with me and Krystal, Jesse?”
 “That’s the plan” he said with a smile. 
“We need to get going,” I said looking at the clock, Aunt Krystal was home and had texted me several times to see where I was. Jesse slid out of the booth, I followed, “Bye Dave,” I said as I hugged him. Jesse walked with me to his car holding my hand as we left. The day ended on a perfect note, how ironic that through all the chaos something positive would happen. 
Jesse pulled up to my house, he kissed me softly and then it grew deeper. “I could really get used to this,” he said as he opened his door. He really knew how to make a girl smile, I mean I could get used to it too. 
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“You think I’m letting you go into your house alone again?” Jesse said as he waited for me at the start of the path towards my house. He grabbed hold of my hand again and kissed it. He opened the door, I guess he was really playing the bodyguard role. 
“Rena? Is that you?” Krystal said coming out of the kitchen, the look of surprise on her face was priceless. “Jesse!” Krystal almost screeched, “So is this what I think it is?” Krystal said as she saw our intertwined fingers. 
Jesse couldn’t hide the smile on his face, “Yes it is,” Jesse said pulling me further into the room. 
“Rena?” Krystal said.
 “Aunt Krystal have you met my boyfriend, Jesse?” I said trying to hide all of my excitement. 
“Ahhhh!” Krystal screamed. She didn’t hide her excitement as well as I did. She hugged us, and then straightened, “sorry” she said, “I’m embarrassing you?” Krys said looking at me. I didn’t care as long as Jesse was still holding my hand.
 “I’ll let you two say goodnight I’ll be in the kitchen.” She said as she scampered off into the next room .
“She’s hysterical.” Jesse said turning to look at me, a smile covering his perfect face. 
“It’s getting late,” I said not really wanting him to go. 
“Yeah,” he said walking closer towards me. He placed his hands on my face, his soft fingers resting on my cheeks, and pulled me in for a kiss that was better than I could imagine. It was firm and urgent like we shouldn’t have been kissing and really we shouldn’t be with my aunt in the next room. I felt my knees shake, they wanted to give out underneath me, and was glad when they didn’t. Jesse slid his hands down to my waist. “See you in the morning,” he said giving me a quick peck on the lips. “Be here at nine,” he said giving me another peck. “I don’t want to leave but I guess I should,” he said smiling at me. He pushed the hair from my face and looked at me, “Goodnight Rena” he said and quickly kissed me one last time before he headed for the front door. 
I couldn’t believe that Jesse was my boyfriend. I couldn’t get over the fact that he kissed me. More importantly I couldn’t get over the fact that there was nothing holding me back from being with him. If I thought any of this could happen last week I would have laughed but after everything that happened with Caitlin and the likelihood that she wasn’t going to really care in a day or two about me or Jesse but her own fate. I was kind of relieved. Was I a bad person for being happy Caitlin wouldn’t interfere?
“Rena! Jesse?” I blushed, what else could I do. Krystal was happier than I’d seen her in a while. “I thought you said you never liked him.”
 “Aunt Krys, do you know me?” I said barely suppressing the smile I wasn’t able to hide since he’d first kissed me in the park.
“Yes and you’ve liked him way too long.” I nodded and took my sweatshirt off, “Oh my God!” Krystal gasped as she saw my bruised arms. “They did this to you?” she asked tears developing in her eyes.
 “Yeah, but you should have seen them,” I said with a small chuckle.
 “I’m so happy I called your parents they are flying down Sunday.”
 “Aunt Krystal…I’m fine,” I said in a whiny voice. 
“You don’t look fine,” She said examining my arms.
 “I bruise easily.” I said snatching my arm away.
 “What about the rest of the blood?” she said pointing to various areas of the room.
 “Well by the door, Jesse’s blood, the floor by the window, Jesse and Randy, the couch Jesse and Randy and the coffee table and the blood by it Josh…none of its mine.”
 “Did Jesse get checked out?” she asked, her medical training showing.
 “Yup, nothing major may have a headache…no concussion…he’s seeing his doctor this week for a follow up.” Krystal nodded her head.
 “You scared the crap out of me, Rena. Why didn’t you tell me what you were doing? Why did Joe have to tell me?” 
“He told you?” I groaned, feeling the rising annoyance. 
“I’m glad he did just because he is your godfather doesn’t mean you have the right to pump information out of him.” She admonished. 
 “We helped each other, I gave him info and he returned the favor and then they found the bad guys.” I was so going to have a word with my godfather, Joe Vasquez, for snitching on me tomorrow.
 “Go to bed we have to wake up early tomorrow.” Krystal said after giving me several angry stares, “Is Jesse coming with us?”
 “Yeah,” I murmured as I walked towards my room.
 “Good, I’ll have a word with him about participating in you escapades in the future.”
 “Aunt Krys…please don’t embarrass me!” I said, the whiny voice returning. She looked flabbergasted by what I said, but didn’t say a word as she walked to her room on the first floor. 
I felt like I didn’t spend any time in my bedroom anymore. I looked around, it needed to be cleaned, after the funeral. I sat in bed and was out. I woke up the next morning to hear Krystal yelling at me to hurry up. We were running behind schedule as usual. I grabbed a sleek black dress out of my closet. It was my mother’s but she thought it was too young for her now. It made a good funeral dress, and would even look professional if I ever looked for a job or something. It was tight fitting and stopped right below my knee. The only problem was the attractive bruises on my wrists, shoulders, and calves were definitely noticeable with a sleeveless, knee length dress. I grabbed a gray sweater, and put on pantyhose even though I knew I would suffocate and walked downstairs. 
“You okay, Aunt Krys?” I asked as I saw her fluttering around her room.
 “I can’t find my necklace.” She looked up at me, “You look lovely wear the pearl necklace it will go with the sweater,” she said as she flew into her bathroom to probably look again. I took the pearls off her dresser top and placed them around my neck. Knock knock! Was what I heard when I was finishing with the pearl studs. I walked into the living room and opened the door to quite the sight. 
Jesse could really fill out a suit. He looked like it wasn’t even hard to look that good. Was I seriously this lucky? “Hey,” he started, taking in my black dress, “You look beautiful,” he said as he quickly kissed my cheek and came into the house.
 “Krystal’s not ready yet so take a seat.” 
“I like the sweater,” he said with a sly smile.
 “It covers the mess that are my arms.” I complained.
 “Can I see?” He said his face returning to its normal seriousness.
 I pulled off the sweater to show him the yellow and purple bands wrapping my arms and wrists. 
“Geez those are ugly,” he whispered his smile completely disappearing. 
“Yeah, well good thing it’s easy to cover up. He nodded, and touched my hand, brushing it with his fingertips. It sent chills up and down my arm. 
“How are you doing with everything?” He seemed worried.
 “Well it’s been a long week…I think it’s good they are finally getting buried maybe the Fillmores can finally start moving past the grief. I don’t know what to make of my life anymore so I’m not even trying to guess.”
 He smiled, and turned to face me, “What is that supposed to mean?” he said moving closer to me on the sofa.
 “Well everything’s changed, for how long I don’t know, but I can’t say I’m disappointed right now.” I said knowing he was going to kiss me. Jesse moved closer, and kissed me. His lips were soft and urging, urging me to kiss him longer, not let him go, and I didn’t want to.
 “Ahmm,” we pulled apart it was Aunt Krystal and she was smiling, “Ready to go, lovebirds?” She wasn’t even hiding her glee. We stood up and followed her to the car. Jesse was a little red from being interrupted but my face was burning, Aunt Krystal was so enjoying my pain. We drove to the church, which was a block from our high school.
 

  Chapter 23: Release
It was pretty crowded just like the viewing. It looked like all of Walterville was there to pay their respects. We took seats close to the back and met Dave when we walked in. “You guys are always late.” Dave said as he sat beside Jesse at the end of our pew. 
“You know how Aunt Krystal is,” I said hoping she didn’t hear me even though she was right next to me, but I was wrong.
 “Well if I didn’t have to break up the make out session in the living room we would have gotten here sooner.” Krystal said a smile wide on her face. The feeling of my face being on fire was back. Thanks Krys.
 “Good one Krys,” Dave said not holding back his laughter. Jesse sat not saying a word probably just trying to forget what was happening. 
“Aunt Krys that was mean.” I muttered to her when Jesse and Dave got wrapped up in their own conversations about the baseball game that night. Boys and sports it was a wonder. 
“I’m sorry sweetie just thought it would make you laugh.” She said smiling prettily at me.
 I shook my head, “Never again,” I said holding up my pinky.
 “Never again.” She pinky swore. Pinky promises I know are childish but we had been doing it since I could remember, it was our thing.  
The service started and everyone quieted down in the building. Jesse grabbed hold of my hand which felt reassuring especially during a time like this. The ceremony was two freaking hours long and was beyond boring but after we left the church we were heading to the cemetery, hopefully for something a lot shorter. Dave followed us there in his car, so we had an escape route planned and all. I didn’t think we still needed it but Jesse said better safe than sorry. He was right of course and I agreed. 
The cemetery was smaller than the other cemetery in town. This was more private, I guessed. Violet and Rose were to be buried side by side on top of a hill that looked to the woods a few yards at the foot of the hill. Everyone surrounded the now closed caskets and the priest began yet another prayer, so God could welcome his children with open arms through the heavenly gates, at least that’s what he was telling us. I was looking around not as many people came out to the cemetery. I haven’t been to many funerals in my life but I was assuming this was more for family closure than anything. 
Jesse stood to one side of me and Dave to the other, it felt weird to be in between two giants. They felt like bodyguards especially in their dark suits and sleeked back hair. Jesse had sunglasses on adding more to his dark body guard look. I turned to look at the woods and keep my attention away from what was actually happening. I had already cried at the church and was not in the mood to have a repeat performance.  
That’s when I first caught a glimpse of something shining in the woods. I tried to not move noticeably to see it better but I just couldn’t get a good look at whatever it was. I went back to watching the ceremony; I was seeing things, that’s all that could explain it. I sighed and then they started doing something that I couldn’t bear to watch. They were lowering the caskets. I choked back a sob, I didn’t want to cry anymore. As the contraptions moved the coffins deeper and deeper into the ground I couldn’t help but start crying again. Jesse noticed and pulled me in his arms, “They are finding peace, isn’t that a good thing?” I nodded, I had said it earlier, I was just having a hard time believing it. Everyone lined up to throw a rose and a violet on the caskets. It was ironic and poetic in a way, roses for Rose and violets for Violet. I was at the front of the line with Krystal we threw our flowers and walked towards the crowd, that had moved back to allow the line to move easily. 
Jesse pulled my hand when I was close enough, “You okay?” 
I nodded, “been better.” I muttered before the four of us walked over to the Fillmores to pay our respects. “Daisy,” I choked out. I was still crying but not as hard. “Take care of yourself.” I whispered as she hugged me.
 “It will get better. did you hear they caught the men who did this?” Daisy was crying but she was obviously relieved that their killers were caught. 
“I heard...but don’t worry about stuff like that you’re twelve.”
 She nodded, “that’s what my mom keeps telling but I feel old after all this,” she muttered before I left her. 
We walked to our spot facing the woods so Krystal could say bye to the people she knew. I saw that glimmer in the woods again, it was so weird. 
“Did you see that?” I asked Dave and Jesse.
 “What?” Jesse asked confused.
 “In the woods…the glimmer.” They both looked and saw nothing.
 “I think it’s time we get you home.” Jesse said a little worriedly. 
“Rena?” Lt. Vasquez said as he walked closer to me. “Can we talk?”
 “I’m mad at you.” I said turning away from him. 
“You knew I was going to tell Krystal.” He said, his tone firm.
 “But I thought we had an understanding?” I said as I walked with him away from the crowd, Jesse followed. 
“I’m your godfather you really think I’m going to let something happen to you? She needed to know and so did your parents.” His voice was becoming reminiscent of my father’s again.
 “Then you should have told me to tell them.” I said angrily.
 “I did.” He was right he didn’t want any part of my theories and insisted I went to my parents but I didn’t listen. “Rena, after this go straight home.” He demanded.
 “Why?” I asked. 
 “Well, we believe we know who the female is and she has disappeared.” Joe said without an ounce of emotion attached to the statement.
 “Disappeared…who is it?” I asked, my brain was screaming that I already knew, however.
 “Um… I hope this doesn’t come as a surprise but we believe it to be Caitlin Cooper. I know she is your best friend… but she is the only plausible suspect; so don’t fight me on this and if you are hiding her you are in grave danger.”
 “I’m not hiding her believe me she hates me…but she’s missing?” I asked, torn between worry for my former best friend and fear if she was actually coming after me.
 “The boys haven’t been very forthcoming with any information and have lawyered up since yesterday…so we aren’t getting anything out of them.” Joe added.
 “Why her?” I asked knowing he was right. 
“She had strong connections to both boys, it was the only possible suspect.”
 I nodded, he had figured it out all on his own, “You don’t have to tell me twice I’m gone after this.” I said.
 “I really wish you would stay out of public places but I really don’t think you should go home.”
 “Why not?”  I said, a sinking feeling settling into my stomach.
“If it is Caitlin isn’t that the first place she would go to look for you?”
 I nodded, “I’ll find somewhere else to go after…I’ll call you when I get there” he nodded, and walked off. 
“Why didn’t you tell me he was your godfather?” Jesse said as he came up beside me.
“I didn’t want you to know about all my connections,” I said with a smile.
 “We can go to my house after or Dave’s if he doesn’t have plans.”  Jesse said and quickly returned to the pressing matter like he always did. 
“Dave’s got soccer practice, is anyone at your house?”
 “Parents are off on the weekends.”
 “Your house it is,” I said hoping not to endure another embarrassing introduction, like with Krystal. I turned to walk back up the hill and saw it again in the woods. 
The glimmer. “Did you see that?” Jesse whispered beside me. 
“Yeah, that’s what I saw before.” I said my focus completely on the forest below the hill. “Let’s check it out, Jess.” Jesse diverted his attention back to me.
 “Are you crazy? Didn’t you hear what Vasquez said… it’s dangerous out here for you.”
 “But it’s not Caitlin it’s probably something someone dropped, there’s no way this is dangerous.” I said ignoring the alarms going off in my own head. 
“Rena, no,” but I ignored him. I don’t know what it was but I had to see what was going on down there.  I walked forward pulling away from Jesse as he tried to tug me back. I knew he could stop me if he really wanted to but he was trying not to hurt me. So his hands dropped as quickly as he had grabbed me and started following me down the other side of the hill.
“This is a bad idea,” Jesse said as the entrance to the woods stood before us. “Let’s just go, Ren,” he said touching my face.
 “Stop trying to distract me,” I muttered as I moved past him into the woods. 
“What is this about? Do you have a death wish?” Jesse said as he followed me into the forest. Shrubbery and trees surrounded us after several moments of walking.
 “I don’t have a death wish I’m just curious is all. Nothing is going to happen, relax.” I said despite my own suspicions on the contrary.
 Jesse eyed me a moment, “Is this your way of getting some alone time?” Jesse said a small smirk on his face.
 “God, you are such a guy!” I said as I pushed him slightly.  
“I’m right aren’t I?” Jesse said walking closer to me again.
 “No, you saw it. There is something here.” I said looking around where we were. I turned to face the hill and see if we were close to the spot I saw it in. It was close by but I was distracted. Jesse came behind me and pulled me towards him, kissing my neck. “You know I think I’m gonna stop bringing you places you are such a distraction.” I said as he turned me around to face him. He kissed me, his fingertips brushing my cheeks.
 “You want a distraction,” he said smiling. He was still holding my waist close to him. He leaned forward and kissed me again longer, passionately.  
He really took my breath away, “Jess, please let’s just…” I stopped when I noticed his attention behind me. “Do you see it?” I said turning around to follow Jesse’s gaze. Jesse’s arm remained possessively around my waist. 
Caitlin was leaning against the tree behind me, a prism we had gotten in New York City was in her hand, and the reason we saw the glimmer in the forest.
 “Cait, what are you doing here, the police are looking for you.” I said trying to go towards her but Jesse wasn’t letting go of me. “Jesse, let go,” I said.
 “No, she wants to kill you, Ren.” Worry glaring over his face, as he whispered those words. 
She laughed, “Wow Rena I didn’t know you had it in you solve a murder and get the guy of your dreams. I seriously underestimated you.” She said walking closer to us, playing with the prism, the glaring rays shot off the crystal hitting everything around us.  
“Cait, what’s up this isn’t you?” I said still trying to escape Jesse’s vice grip. 
“No, Rena you’re wrong this is me…if you weren’t so busy stealing my boyfriends you would have seen it.” I was stunned, what do you say to your ex best friend, when she is wanted for murder?
 “I think you need to go to the police, Cait.” Jesse tried next.
 “And why would I do that, love?” She said it to irritate me. That’s what she called Jesse when they dated. 
“It’s dangerous if you hide, you need help” he tried again, she just laughed. 
“That’s rich I need help? Have you not met Debbie Downer next to you?”
 “Cait, why are you so angry?” I asked wanting to get to the bottom of this. I had no clue what she was trying to do besides kill me, let’s hope it didn’t come to that. 


  Chapter 24: Best Friends Forever?
“Why am I so angry? Let me see… you are dating my boyfriends…you got Josh and Randy caught…. You butted into everything with Rose and Violet when you should have turned the other way like you do everything else, Ren.” She said it casually like she was just stating obvious facts like what year the declaration of independence was signed. 
“Cait, you are dating Josh,” I said hoping to reason with some rational part that had to remain there. 
“So Dave and Jesse are off limits they were mine first!” she said her voice becoming shrill. 
“I didn’t steal them away from you…Jesse and you have been over for almost a year… David used me…I didn’t even know you two were fooling around.” I said still trying to maneuver out of Jesse’s hold.
 “Don’t lie you knew…you did it to torture me!” She spat back. She was throwing the prism up in the air and catching it, it was a little unnerving to watch but I tried to keep from running like a chicken with my head cut off. 
“Caitlin if I knew I never would have…” I started but she cut me off in a typical Caitlin fashion.
 “You knew about Jesse yet here you are with your tongue down his throat!” she had me there, “What no apologetic retort?” she continued. I stood quietly; I didn’t know what else to say to her. There was no reasoning with her. Jesse was still holding me, I couldn’t do anything.
 “Well are either of you going to try and defend yourselves?” She said her voice returning to that shrill tone. 
“Caitlin,” Jesse started, “I can date anyone I want and you don’t have any reason to be angry with Rena so let her leave.” She laughed again only this time it sounded more like a cackle. It was one of those maniacal cackles that bad witches usually had in old movies. 
“You’re kidding right?” she paused for a moment but didn’t give Jesse a chance to respond. “She’s the reason Josh and Randy are in jail. She ruined my life!” she said using the prism to point at me. “I’ll be nice since I did love you and all, Jess, turn around and leave, I won’t hurt you,” Cait said deathly serious. 
“Like hell I’m leaving Rena in the woods with a crazy murdering bitch!” Jesse growled, she laughed again this time more reserved and human.
“Crazy murdering bitch. That was original.” She said starting to play with the prism again; she threw it from one hand to the other. I watched, afraid of exactly what she planned to do with that prism. 
“So Jess do you love her?” Cait asked the teasing evident in her tone. He didn’t say anything; he just stood with a scowl on his face. “Either you do or you don’t…I’m genuinely curious,” she said a smile spreading on her face. She was enjoying the torture. After several more minutes of silence, “I want an answer!” she screeched, Cait was never a patient person but she was worse now. 
“Yes…I love her….is that all you wanna know?” 
 Her smile disappeared, “Well I guess you won’t like what I have planned for her, will you?” It was like getting slapped on one cheek and then again on the other side. Jesse said he loved me and Cait totally planned on killing me, great to know in a matter of thirty seconds. 
“Cait, let’s just get out of the woods walk to the car and get you help,” Jesse said hoping to reason with some rational part of her that disappeared along with our friendship. 
“Shut up!” she shouted throwing the prism at my head, thankfully I ducked and it smashed on the tree behind me. 
“Caitlin… we are sisters… no matter what happens we always said we were sisters,” I said, thinking back to elementary school. 
“Well then you are a worse sister than best friend, sisters don’t date their sisters’ exes.” 
“We can talk about this rationally.” I tried, “Do you want Jesse to leave?” I asked. 
She looked surprised, “We can talk girl to girl like old times,” I continued. Jesse had let go of my waist but was still holding my arm firmly.  
“Girl to girl? What do you think this is some crappy camping adventure like old times?”Cait said pacing slowly around us.
 “No, but we can figure this out. We can work everything out.” I said trying to sound more hopeful than I felt. She looked confused, I hoped she was changing her mind. She started towards me, and Jesse intercepted. 
“Yeah right,” he said as he blocked my sight of her. 
“Jesse, get out of my way,” she said in a very Caitlin, whiney voice. She switched in the snap of a finger. “Move out of my way!” The screech was back. 
“Like hell,” he retorted. She was crying, I knew from stealing a view from beside Jesse’s large frame. 
“She’s mine, Jesse! Give her back.” She said the shrill still present in her voice. “Rena!” Caitlin shouted.
 I peered behind Jesse, “Cait, I’m sorry about everything. What do you want me to say?”
 “Break up with him and I’ll forgive you,” she said pointing at Jesse.
 “What? Are you…” I cut myself off knowing that isn’t a question you ask a crazy person. “No!” I said firmly. It actually surprised me that I was so steadfast in not breaking up with Jesse.  I had found my backbone when it came to Caitlin finally.
“What?” She choked out, “I thought you wanted to be my friend?”
 “Not if that’s the price,” I said still firm in my decision. I loved Jesse and I wasn’t giving him up just because Cait may want to be my friend if I did.  Her rage was growing, Jesse had moved to my side so I could try to reason with her some more. She jumped and pushed me into the tree that was a few feet behind me, before Jesse even had a chance to react. 
My head was pounding from hitting the tree with such force. Cait was on top of me holding my neck, which explained my trouble breathing. Jesse was pulling at her arms. “Get off, Cait,” he said as he was able to pull her aside and throw her several yards. “Rena? Oh my god you’re bleeding!”  Jesse said when he reached down to pick me up off the ground.
I nodded, “We need to get out of here,” I said while I tried to focus. My vision was blurring and my head was pounding so hard. I still felt woozy when Cait was up and she was going after Jesse now. I saw him move quickly away from me. I felt the darkness, my eyes were growing heavy…I guess I passed out…but it was only for a few moments…I think.
I sat up with a wave of nausea crashing into me as I did. I looked around and I couldn’t find Cait or Jesse. I had no clue where they were but I was scared to death. I stood up a new wave of nausea hitting me and I staggered deeper into the woods. It was silent, it was wrong, that was so wrong. I walked cautiously hoping to spot them before they spotted me. I walked for what seemed like an hour but was actually more like ten minutes when I heard that voice… her voice. 
“Jesse you ass… you really think I’d let you live happy ever after with her? Plan out your perfect little fairy tale? I think not.” She said answering her own question. Jesse was lying on a tree barely conscious. How the hell did she take him out? Then I saw the baseball bat and everything was clear. She played dirty. She was taking care of business tonight. She had taken this a lot more seriously than Josh and Randy. I was starting to realize just how masterful Caitlin was about these murders.
 I couldn’t stand there watching I had to help so I shouted, “Caitlin! You bitch!” she was surprised, I guess from the look of amusement that played on her face. 
“Oh you woke up?” she said a bit disappointed, “I was hoping you would just die.”
 “Well I could say the same thing about you.” I shouted back as I walked towards her… towards Jesse’s limp body. “What did you do?” I said looking at Jesse’s broken arm, and unconscious face. 
“Took care of business,” she said a smile growing on her face, “I guess it’s just you and me now.” The smile still widening across her normally pretty face.  
 “He didn’t even hurt you…why did you have to do that?” I said looking at Jesse again quickly. 
“Jesse is always going to be soft for me, Ren… I mean the guy is too nice he would never hit a girl let alone me…I’m his first love… his first!” she said throwing emphasis on the first, yes I got it and I didn’t want to really think about that now, or ever for that matter.
 “Cait, he may not have touched you but like hell do you think you are getting away with beating up my boyfriend.” I growled back. Not really sure how I was all of a sudden so brave. 
I ran towards her and tackled her to the ground, she was definitely surprised. I threw a few punches only a few landing she was squirming way too much. She threw a punch that I moved away from and we started rolling, rolling faster than we should have been. We looked out from our tangle to see we were rolling down a hill.
 “Shit!” I muttered as I landed another punch this one to the throat so she was coughing. We were heading right into the stream surrounded by rocks at the bottom of the hill. I tried to stop our roll but with both of our weight it wasn’t working. We kept rolling for what seemed like forever. Caitlin was focused on trying to throw a good punch but I was just focused on stopping.
We were stopped several feet from the stream by a tree; luckily I had Cait as a human shield. She didn’t appreciate it but hey she was trying to kill me, all is fair in war, am I right? I threw a hard blow to her face before I tried to get up. She pulled me back down by the ankle which was not cool. I fell barely catching myself before I fell on my face.  I fought her off and attempted a kick but it didn’t work, but I did throw another punch to her nose and that seemed to stop her for the moment.
 I stood up and started running up the hill, where Jesse was still probably unconscious. I pulled out my cell phone and called Joe’s cell phone. 
“Hello, Rena?” he answered after the first ring.
 “Woods of the cemetery bring back up and an ambulance” I panted as I continued running up the hill…steep, tall hill. I made it to the top, Jesse was awake, “Oh my God,” I said as I dropped to his broken arm. It looked like she dislocated his shoulder and believe me it was not fun to look at. “Are you alright?” I said trying to look for any more serious damage.
 “I’m fine where is Caitlin?”  Jesse said trying to get up and move his dislocated arm.
“She’s by the stream, I think I broke her nose,” I said a little proudly. 
He actually chuckled, “Who knew you had a good right hook?” 
“We have to get out of here I called Vasquez he should be here soon.” I said trying to lift him up by his good arm. I saw Caitlin attempting to make her way up the hill she still had a ways to go, “If we make it to the open cemetery we’ll be good.”
 I said moving Jesse along, “I’m fine, let’s run.” I nodded and we were off, not going to lie Jesse was faster than me, his legs were double mine, he was a lot taller after all. He slowed to my pace, however. Cait was nipping at our heels as we ran for the edge of the woods.  
When we were outside the woods Caitlin didn’t follow us she must have heard the police sirens. “What the hell, Rena! I told you to go somewhere safe the woods are not safe… and you why the hell did you let her go in there?” Joe looked furious.
 “It was a trick I didn’t know until we saw Caitlin.” I said trying to catch my breath.
“She’s who you’re looking for she’s not right.”  Jesse added as a paramedic relocated Jesse’s shoulder, it had to have hurt like hell for him to scream like that. 
“I’m personally taking you two home.” Joe said grabbing my arm, “Krystal left without you?” Joe asked.
 “Dave probably covered for us.” I said as we reached the top of the hill by the funeral crowd, I saw Dave nervously waiting by his car. “Dave!” I shouted as I saw him, he ran towards us.
 “What the hell happened to you guys?” he said taking in my ripped and dirty but formally sophisticated dress, and Jesse’s torn suit. 
“David, right?” Joe asked as he stopped to meet my friend. 
“Yes, sir” Dave looked nervous, “Take these two to….?” 
“Um I would like to go home but you told me not to.”
 Joe rolled his eyes, “Where are you going, young lady?” Joe said his face stern.
 “Jesse’s” I muttered embarrassed.
 “I’m talking to your parents…you know that.” He said before he walked off to help in the search.
 “Aw Joe…isn’t it bad enough that Krystal called them? They are coming home tomorrow.”
 “Good, maybe they can keep you in line… it’s an order David straight to Jesse’s.” Joe said as he walked back to the scene before getting Dave’s answer. 
“Let’s go” Dave said starting to head for his car again.  
We got into David’s Ford Escape, Jesse in the front, he was taller after all. “What is wrong with you guys? You were supposed to tell me if you saw her.” Dave said, “I was scared to death when I couldn’t find you.” David continued, starting to drive towards the Cemetery exit.
 “Aw Dave we didn’t expect this… if I knew she was in the woods I wouldn’t have went in there.” I groaned.
 “Dave, can we pick up my car?” Jesse asked quietly, he still looked like he was in pain.
“No, we are going to your house, man.” David said not even looking away from the road. 
Jesse sighed, “Seriously Vasquez was just mad, he’ll survive.”
 “And you can survive without your car since you’re not going anywhere especially with Rena,” David retorted, he was fuming. 
“What is that supposed to mean?” Jesse said his voice tinged with pent up rage.
 “Every time you’re with her she gets hurt.” Dave shouted. 
“What the…” I started but was promptly cut off by Jesse.
 “If anyone should be scared…it should be me. She is always the one pulling me into her accidental attacks.” He complained.
 I scuffed, “Are you blaming me then, Jesse?” I asked getting annoyed with him too.
 “No it’s not like that and you know it.” He said still sounding angry.
 “Then how is it?” I asked, curious.
 “Rena, we are in this together and if I have to follow you into a hundred Caitlin attacks I will… just to know you will be okay.” Jesse said “It’s our fault...I don’t blame you anymore than I blame myself.” That was sweet and I believed it. This guy was too good for me. 

“We are here,” David announced as we pulled into Jesse’s driveway. The rest of the ride was in silence and it was much better than arguing, “I have practice in less than an hour. I can pick you up after Rena and take you home?”
 “Thanks, Dave,” I said as I hugged him again and followed Jesse into his house. 
“Jesse?” I heard Mrs. Harris shout possibly from the kitchen.
 “Yeah, mom, it’s me and Rena,” he shouted back. She came walking out looking exactly like those housewives in the Stepford Wives only taller, probably closer to Nicole Kidman’s height. 
“Hi sweet….” She stopped talking when she absorbed our appearances, “What the hell happened?” she said her voice angry and worried at the same time, one of the best mom emotions. 
“We were attacked at the funeral.” Jesse said curtly, “Can I change?” She nodded, trying to hide the tears building in her eyes.
“Rena, come with me I’m sure we can find you something to wear in Jenny’s room.”
 “Mom, Jenny is like half a foot taller than Rena.”
 “Well a dress would work …you know Jenny has those short ones.” Jesse didn’t say another word he just walked upstairs towards what I assumed was his room. 
I followed Mrs. Harris to Jesse’s older sister’s room. It was a nice girly room. “Jenny is a sophomore in college, I’m sure she won’t mind if we grab something for you.” Mrs. Harris said throwing open Jenny’s closet door. “There…this should work” she said handing me a dress that looked a little too small for Jenny. “The bathroom is that way… shower and change. I’m making dinner I hope you stay.” Mrs. Harris said with a small smile. 
After she left, I walked into Jenny’s bathroom. It was nice the whole place was actually. I turned the water on, and can I tell you it was the best shower I have ever had. I got out and examined my new bruises. I now had a huge one surrounding my neck, several on my back and thighs too. Seriously if this kept up my entire body was going to be black and blue. I threw on Jenny’s dress and it fit decently it was still a little big but not as big as everything else. It covered my shoulders and went to right below my knee, even though I’m sure it wasn’t the designer’s idea when he made it. All my leg, wrist, and neck bruises were out in the open.  
I walked into the hallway where I ran into a shirtless Jesse, “Hey, I was coming to check on you,” he said as he threw his shirt on over his head. He had bruises now too.
 “Oh my god, Jess.”
 “Yeah, they hurt like hell but I’m good…what about you?” his attention was focused on my neck. 
“Have you seen my new set of bruises?” I said pointing to my neck and raising the dress a little to show him my legs.
 “Man, we look pitiful,” he said stepping closer to me, “Just in case you don’t know I didn’t tell my mom we are dating, but I’m going to when we go downstairs,” Jesse whispered as he pushed his fingers through my still damp hair. He kissed me softly, making me want more, but he grabbed my hand and we headed to the kitchen, still hand and hand.
 “Mom?” Jesse said.
 “Yes, Sweetie?” she said turning to see him. “No!” she gasped as she looked at Jesse’s smile and our hands. “Really, you asked her out? I thought you never would.” His mom said as she came closer to us and hugged him. 
“I didn’t even tell you I liked her?” Jesse said a little surprised.
 “Mothers always know,” she countered.
 “Where’s dad?” Jesse asked a flash of confusion on his handsome features.
 “The diner you know,” Mrs. Harris said as she started looking me over, “Dear, I have never seen so many bruises in my life.” She announced.
 “Yeah it’s ugly,” I said a little self conscious so I tried covering my neck. 
“Mom… I think you should look at my back,” Jesse said drawing his mother’s attention away from me, he lifted his shirt and I couldn’t help but gasp myself. His entire back was black and blue.
 “Oh god, Jess,” I whispered, I wanted to cry when I saw the hell Cait had put him through but his mom was there. 
“Jesus, Jesse I’m moving your doctor’s appointment to Monday,” she said as she walked to the phone in the kitchen. 
“Come on,” Jesse said as his mom went back to the kitchen to converse with a doctor, I assumed. 
We sat in what appeared to be their family room. “What happens now?” I asked when we settled onto the brown leather couch, and he pulled me into his arms.
 “I don’t know hopefully Joe calls and says they caught her soon.” 
“Does your back hurt?” I whispered. I felt terrible about it.
 “It’s felt better but what can you do?” Jesse said casually.
“You didn’t have to follow me you could have left, she wanted you to.” I said still not getting past my guilt.
 “So she could kill you, I think not… I would never let anything happen to you.” He said getting closer to my face, “I meant it. I love you, Rena.” Jesse said as he kissed my nose, of all places. 
“I love you, too” I said still trying to keep from crying. 
We cuddled on the couch watching TV like a normal couple for the next hour, it was strangely nice.


  Epilogue: A Sense of Normalcy
David called about an hour later, “Ren… they found her!” was his greeting.
 “Really where?” I asked my interest in this conversation, shooting up exponentially.
“Your house.” He replied.
“ I was driving by and I saw all the cops on your lawn, it looked like she was coming to finish up.”
 “God.” I whispered stunned. 
“Good thing you went to Jesse’s,” David added.
 “Was Aunt Krystal home?” I asked suddenly worry crept over me. 
“No, she wasn’t I think your cop friend told her to go.” Thank god for Joe, he took care of everything. 
“They found her.” I said to Jesse, who was looking at me curiously.
 “Really?” He said looking interested in more details.
 “So I’ll be over in like a half hour when I make it out of traffic and stuff and take you home.” 
“Thanks, Dave” I said as I hung up the phone. “He’ll be here in a half hour.” 
“Great, he can stay for dinner,” Mrs. Harris said as she walked into the den. “Dinner’s ready.”
 “Where was she?” Jesse asked as he pulled me to my feet.
 “My house.”
 “He was right?”
 “Yeah… I guess I should apologize to him.”
 “Joe knew you were just trying to help.”
 “Yeah, I didn’t want to end up dead though, I shouldn’t have been so stubborn.” I said as we stood in the dining room, the fancy dining room. “Oh Mrs. Harris, we don’t have to eat in here.” 
“We always eat dinner in here,” Jesse whispered as he sat next to me. “It’s just how my mom is.” She was sitting at the end of the large wooden table as Jesse sat beside her and I was beside him. 
“Now that we are seated I think I need the whole story,” is what she said after she finished serving. What do you say to that? She’d hate me if she knew it was all my fault. 
“Mom, I told you it all has to do with the Fillmores.” Jesse said trying to divert this discussion. 
“I was the one that found Rose Fillmore’s body at the dance,” I started, Jesse looked at me giving me a warning glance, “If you don’t know Mrs. Harris, my last name is Solis, my parents are Rebecca and Rich Solis.” Although I had known Jesse for years, I had rarely talked or saw his parents until recently.
 “The detectives?” she asked, accepting it with a nod.
I nodded, “I’m not really observant or do anything like this but Rose’s death was wrong and the cops had it wrong. So I kind of started putting the pieces together and now the killers have been after me.”
 “Do you know who they were?” she asked the question that was mostly directed at Jesse.
Jesse let out a nervous laugh, “Yeah, um they go to school with us. Ren?” 
“I think she should know…” I said.
 “But she knows them.” He replied unconvinced.
“All the more reason to say; It was Josh Gifford, Randy Wilson, and Caitlin Cooper.” I said rapidly hoping to get out before she accused me of being ‘terribly mistaken’. Her audible gasp made it obvious she knew who they were.
 “What, Rena, I think you are mistaken, I know all of them and they are such good…”
 “Believe me, Mrs. Harris, I want to be wrong but I’m right. Yesterday Josh and Randy attacked us at my house under Caitlin’s orders I believe. Today, Caitlin attacked us. I would love if it wasn’t true she’s my best friend.” I said trying to hold back the tears yet again. 
Mrs. Harris didn’t seem convinced, “Is this true Jesse?” 
“Yeah,” he breathed out, “all of it.”
Lucky for us, someone knocked on the door just then.
Jesse stood and opened it, “Dave,” I said as I stood and went to hug him, then I saw the cop car behind him, “Lt. Vasquez?” I whispered as he came forward. 
“Hi Rena, I just want to get you and Jesse’s statements, I can drive you home if you want?” he said sounding like the caring father he usually acted like. I couldn’t hold back I hugged him too.
 “It’s true?!” I said while hugging him.
“They are all away and the DNA comes in tomorrow.” Joe said as he patted my back, obviously feeling awkward.
I left with Dave and Jesse with Joe following behind. I always found it weird to ride around in cop cars so I wasn’t going to start now. “I can’t believe it’s all over.” I said as I jumped out of Dave’s SUV. “Now everything can go back to normal,” I said giving Jesse a glance, maybe not completely back to normal. Dave was walking to my door ahead of Jesse and me probably for some kind of privacy. “Now that this is all over, Jesse… are you sure you still like me?” I said with a teasing smile. 
“No, I’m sure I love you,” he said as he pulled me closer and kissed my forehead. 
I walked into my house to see my parents, standing at the doorway talking to David. My Parents! “Mom, Dad?”  I said as I actually saw their faces, they had been home for Christmas but that was four months ago. I let go of Jesse and ran into their arms, my parents’ arms. 
Rebecca Solis looked nothing like me, with green eyes, a pale complexion, and light brown hair that she usually dyed an auburn color. I looked like my father excluding my short stature that was all mom. Rich Solis, had the same brown eyes, hair, and softly tanned skin that I did. “I’ve missed you guys.” I blurted out.
 “I heard you’ve been giving Krys and Joe trouble.” my father said as he absorbed Jesse behind me.
 “Jesse, are you a stranger now?” My mom added, “Just because you are not dating Cait… which seems like a good thing now… we still like you.” He walked a little closer and stood by Dave, looking uncomfortable. That wasn’t why he was apprehensive so I couldn’t help but further throw him under the bus. 
“Mom, dad, I’d like you to meet my boyfriend, Jesse.” I said with a hopeful smile. Jesse laughed a nervous laugh, obviously. 
“Shut up!” was what my mom shouted, she was always trying to get into the hippest lingo and this was her sorry attempt. I nodded still smiling. “I knew it!” was what my mom said as she hugged me again. “Took you long enough,” was her last comment before she dropped it. It was nice to have my parents home for once. Life actually seemed like it would get back to some type of normalcy. 
The next day it was released that the DNA matched the suspects they had in custody, Caitlin Cooper, 17, Randell Wilson, 18, and Joshua Gifford, 17. Caitlin and Randy were charged with three counts of murder and two counts of attempted murder. Josh only had two counts of each.  There were other charges but those weren’t as important, at least not to me. Their hearings were set for July. I think those were going to be interesting. 
Here’s hoping there will be no more death threats and I can live happily ever after. I know I laughed when I wrote that too, see you again soon.


If you liked The Rena Files...
Check out Puzzled (#2 )
And Familiar ( #3)
Return (#4)
Freefall (#.5) Coming on 2/14/14

Also By Lyza Ledo
Secrets Trilogy
Secret’s Out
Hidden 
Revelations 

Encante Series
Enchanted (Coming in 2014)

Deserters Series
Deserted (Coming in 2014) 
