The Secret Letters of '75

Written and illustrated by C. Fennessy
Copyright 2014 C. Fennessy, Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. This is a work of historical fiction. Some of the names, characters, places, images, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. Thank you for your support. 

Table of Contents

Chapter 1: The Raid
Chapter 2: A Warning
Chapter 3: The Green Dragon
Chapter 4: The Perfect Plan
Chapter 5: Trapped!
Chapter 6: Suspicion
Chapter 7: Spying
Chapter 8: More News
Chapter 9: A Suspect
Chapter 10: The Red-Headed Woman
Chapter 11: Urgent Messages
Chapter 12: Two if By Sea
Chapter 13: News from Concord
Chapter 14: The Battle Fought
Chapter 15: The War Begins
Chapter 16: Interception
Chapter 17: Decision
Chapter 18: Dr. Church 
Chapter 19: Church Disappears
Chapter 20: The Code is Broken
Chapter 21: Battle at Bunker Hill
Chapter 22: Searching for Jonathan
Chapter 23: Night Journey
Chapter 24: On to Newport
Chapter 25: Arrested!
Chapter 26: Sarah to the Rescue
Chapter 27: Caught in the Act
Chapter 28: Meeting with General Washington
Chapter 29:  Secrets Decoded
Chapter 30: The Trial
Epilogue




Chapter 1: The Raid

“Would you gentlemen care for a bit of grog?” asked sixteen year-old Sarah, smiling pleasantly.
The two British guards at the fort gate stared at her curiously.  She held out a cup of the rum drink to each of them.
“There’s a nip in the air tonight and the tavern owner thought you might need something to warm you up…seeing as how you’re guarding the streets out here.  He says that since you’re keeping the streets safe for his customers, the least he can do is offer you some grog.”
The two men broke into smiles. One of them answered her in broad cockney.
“Eh, ain’t that right nice of ‘im! I don’t ‘spose it’ll hurt me to have a little tot of grog.”
The other added, “It’s just the thing to warm us up, Miss …just as you say!”
She handed them their tin mugs and asked, “What about the others? Wouldn’t they like some too?”
The guards looked back at the small guard house at the entrance to the ammunition battery, looking uncertain.
“Well,” said the first one, “they ain’t suppos’d to leave their posts.”
“Oh, I don’t mind going to them,” Sarah smiled, picking up her jug and two more tin mugs.
“Thank ‘ee, young miss!” said one of the guards.
“You’re quite welcome!” she smiled and went ahead to the guard house, only three yards away.  The guard house was at the entrance of the British Army fort overlooking Boston Harbor.  No one was allowed inside except army personnel, and a young guard stepped forward as soon as Sarah approached.
“Stop there! State your business!” he shouted.
She stopped, feeling her heart lurch.  She forced herself to smile at him calmly. 
“Why sir, the only business I have is to offer you and your friends a cup of grog from the tavern owner.”
The young guard squinted at the attractive teenage girl suspiciously.
“What for?”
“To thank you for keeping the streets safe for his customers,” she replied, holding up the jug.
Before the young man could warn her off, a fat, older guard lumbered out of the guard house asking,
“You got grog there?”
“Yes, sir.  It’s for you, and your friend. I even have cups for you, too!”
“Who’s this tavern owner what sent it?” he asked.
“It’s from Mr. Colby, at The Rose and Crown.”
It was a popular hangout for British soldiers.
“Aye, I knows him! Give it here, Miss!”
She smiled and handed him a cup of the rum drink, which he gulped down quickly.
“Ehh!” he cried, swiping his mouth with the back of his hand, “That’s just the thing! I’ll have another!”
Sarah grinned and poured him another cup and told the young soldier,
“Come on, you can have some, too!”
Reluctantly, the young man came forward and took the drink Sarah offered him, thanking her politely.  She almost felt guilty about tricking him, but reminded herself he was a soldier in the British Army, and he deserved what he was going to get.
When the jug was empty, the guards thanked Sarah.  She hurried back to meet her teenage friend, Jamie, in the dark alley next to the tavern. 
“Did they drink it?” he asked.
“I’ll say! They drank the whole jug!”
“Good!” Jamie grinned, “In a few minutes they should all be asleep.  But I doubt that any of them will admit to it in the morning!”
Another man came up behind them, carrying a pistol. His dark hair was pulled into a pony tail and his tricorn hat shadowed his brown eyes, shining with excitement.
“Are they asleep yet?” he asked.
“Not quite,” replied Jamie, “A few more minutes should do it.”
Paul Revere nodded his reply. A few others emerged from the dark alley and joined them while the guards succumbed to the sleeping powder they had mixed into the grog.
“You did a fine job out there,” Jamie smiled at her, “Very convincing.”
She smiled. “Thanks! But I was scared to death! Just like that night I had to distract the guards while you warned my father that the soldiers were coming.”
“I remember that night!” Jamie nodded, hugging a sack filled with tools.
Sarah’s father, Jonathan Harper, emerged from the darkness saying, “They’re asleep! Come on, let’s go!” He turned to Sarah, “You go straight to the Green Dragon and wait there for us.”
Jamie said, “I’ll see you later!”
“Be careful!” she called to him as he ran off into the night with the others.  She watched as they disappeared through the unguarded gates into the fort, sadly wishing she could be a part of the action. 

Jamie paused at the guard house to make sure everyone got through the gates safely. All four guards were sound asleep, but the others on duty inside the battery would be wide awake and watchful. Jonathan and Jamie slipped into the dark shadows behind their party. One by one, they moved ahead, scurrying between the buildings of the fort, staying close to the walls.  Unseen, they moved silently whenever the guards turned away. Jamie held onto his sack of tools tightly so they would not rattle.  
Soon they were at the walls of the fort overlooking Boston Harbor.  The masts of thirty or forty British Navy sailing ships bobbed up and down quietly on the sea.  Moonlight glittered like sparkling diamonds on a black velvet sea, as the waves below gently washed against the fortress walls.
Jamie followed the others to the row of cannon guarding the harbor.  They found a dark corner and each took a pair of chisels and hammers and went to work while Jamie took his position at one end of the wall as a lookout.
The sound of chinking metal was muffled by the sounds of waves lapping against the shore and the brisk ocean breeze. The men hastily chipped away at the firing pins on the cannon, rendering each one useless. Within minutes, they were finished and moved on to the next row where they performed the same operation.
Jamie spotted a guard approaching and gave two short cries, like a gull’s call.
Quickly the men dispersed into the shadows.  As soon as the guard was out of sight, they resumed their tasks.
When they finished, they regrouped.  Paul Revere whispered to the others,
“See that gunpowder house over there?  One match would take care of it!”
“It’s too risky!” Jonathan whispered hoarsely.
“Not if you’re all out of here when I do it,” Paul grinned.
Another man, Holbrook, shook his head, “You’ll be caught!”
“I’ll stay with you!” Jamie volunteered, “I’ll keep watch for you!”
Revere grinned, “Good lad! Let’s do it!”
“But where will you get a match?” asked Jonathan.
Revere reached into his pocket and pulled out two long matches, grinning,
“You don’t think I’d come to a British artillery battery and forget to bring my matches, do you?”
The others responded with stifled laughter.
“Good luck!” Holbrook cried, slapping his shoulder. The others went ahead and slipped quietly past the sleeping guards.
Jamie found a place in the shadows where he could have a clear view of the area around the small building where the army stored its supply of gunpowder. Paul Revere hurried to the rear of the building and pulled out a string of fuse.  It took only seconds to slide the string into a wide crack in the wall near the door.  He lit the end of it with a match and hurried back to Jamie, who was writing something on the wall with a piece of charcoal. When Revere saw it, he grinned and slapped Jamie’s shoulder.
“That ought to cheer them up! Let’s go!”
They dashed quietly past the sleeping guards.  As they were running towards the Green Dragon, a catastrophic explosion blasted the night sky like lightning and shook the ground.
They looked back as flames shot up over the walls of the British fort, and smoke billowed into the darkness. Laughing excitedly, they both ran on to drink a toast with their friends, the Sons of Liberty.

Table of Contents

Chapter 2: A Warning

"There you are, you young rascal," Mr. Roberts greeted Jamie the next morning.  Mr. Roberts lived in a small white house with black shutters, standing among a row of similar houses. The strong smell of linseed oil and paint filled the tiny front room, cluttered with paintings, frames, brushes, and paints.  Mr. Roberts was a spry old man with sloping shoulders, white hair, and kindly blue eyes.  He was a well-known artist who painted portraits of notable people in New England.  Although he was getting on in years, he still had a steady hand with his brush. He had taken Jamie as an apprentice after seeing some of his impressive drawings.
Mr. Roberts was scurrying around the room, putting away his brushes.
"I've been waiting for you, Jamie," he said, "We've got an appointment at the Governor's house. It seems his lady wishes to have a mural painted in the drawing room."  Mr. Roberts chuckled, "My, isn't that funny! A painting in the drawing room!"
Jamie didn't catch his meaning at first, and then he grinned.
"The drawing room! Oh, I see!"
"Now bring that sketch book and the measuring stick. I intend to get some preliminary sketches done while we're there."
"Yes, sir," Jamie replied.
Within minutes, they were walking along Boston's city streets, past tall, red brick buildings with black shutters and neatly painted white trim.  The cobblestone streets were crowded with wagons and carriages of all sorts, and street mongers shouted about their goods for sale. 
Looking in the direction of the harbor, Jamie remembered the raid they had conducted last night on the artillery depot and it brought a smile to his lips.
Jamie stared at the elegant State House where the Boston Massacre had occurred only five years earlier. The governor of Massachusetts Colony was now General Thomas Gates, the commander of the British Army in Boston. Ever since the Boston Tea Party, the city had been besieged by the military, and a stern general had stepped in to make sure the Colonists behaved themselves. 
The majority of the people in the town were still loyal to King George III of England.  But some Colonists, like Paul Revere, Sam Adams, John Hancock, and the rest of the Sons of Liberty, wanted the British to leave. The British government had imposed heavy taxes and had closed Boston Harbor, crippling American business and trade. Soldiers were camped on Boston Common and boarded in the homes of many Colonists.
When they arrived at Province House, Jamie stared in awe at the three-story brick manor with a grand entrance.  Two ancient oak trees framed the house, and a lane on the left led to the carriage house in the back. 



Province House of Boston, 1775

A butler admitted them and told them to wait in the foyer while he announced their arrival. As they stood, a British officer dressed in a red coat with brass buttons, gold epaulets on his shoulders, a white vest and breeches, and black boots, strutted past them without a glance and went inside, leaving them alone.
Mr. Roberts said quietly, "Remember to keep your ears and eyes open and your mouth closed."
"Yes, sir," Jamie nodded.  He knew that Mr. Roberts was sympathetic to the rebels’ cause and would help them in any way he could.  But he always gave everyone the impression that he was a loyal British subject of the king, because being a rebel was very bad for business.
The door opened and the butler led them into the hallway and through a large entrance on the right. Standing straight, his tall figure and balding head towered over them.
"This is the drawing room.  Madam is not at home, but there is the wall where the mural shall be. If you should need anything, send the boy to the back of the house. I shall be in the kitchen."
"Thank you," Mr. Roberts nodded.
The butler left, and Jamie looked around at the richly decorated room with its high ceilings, plastered walls, ornately carved wood trim, and its huge marble fireplace.  They set their things beside the richly upholstered furniture and began to measure the wall.  Jamie wrote down the measurements as he was directed.
Soon they heard a door opening across the hall.  The officer they had seen earlier was leaving, followed by another man, who was speaking.
"Make sure those orders are dispatched immediately," he said.
"Yes, sir!" The officer saluted, and left.  
The other officer, wearing a general’s uniform, strolled into the drawing room with his hands behind his back, and watched as they took measurements.
"Are you the artist who'll be painting the mural?" he asked.
Mr. Roberts smiled and walked to him.
"Yes, I'm Daniel Roberts.”
They shook hands. “I’m General Thomas Gage. I want to talk to you about this mural,” Gates went on, “I don’t want any crude Colonial scenes of pastures and farms.  I want to see London…a full panorama of exquisite architecture…perhaps Whitehall and Westminster. Have you ever been to London?”
“Yes, sir. I’m a Londoner myself.”
General Gates’ stony face melted into a smile.
“Ah! Very good, indeed! Then you can appreciate why I want to see London on this wall and not these rough-looking sheds they call architecture in Boston.”
“Of course, sir,” nodded Mr. Roberts, “perhaps I could include St. Paul’s Cathedral?”
“Absolutely!” the General exclaimed, “And perhaps just a glimpse of the Tower as well.”
“Yes, sir!” 
“And keep the colors somewhat muted and understated, if you know what I mean.”
Another officer arrived and General Gates joined him in his office.
They heard the tapping of heels and the rustle of petticoats in the hallway.
“Ah! You’re here!”
Mr. Roberts turned and smiled at a lovely woman dressed in a long mauve dress, with a lace collar, and a tight fitting bodice. Jamie noticed her warm brown eyes and dark hair twisted up neatly. Her beautiful smile drew his attention.
Mr. Roberts greeted her and introduced Jamie to Mrs. Gates.
“I’ll tell the butler to bring some tea. Please make yourselves comfortable,” she added, pointing to the sofa.
Jamie stared after her, thinking she was quite attractive. By her speech, she sounded American, and he wondered why she had married a British general. When she returned in a few minutes, they all sat down.
“I want something very peaceful and pleasant to look at,” she said.  The butler entered and placed a silver tea service on the coffee table. She poured out tea into delicate bone china cups and handed one to each of them. Then she offered them some small pastries on a plate.  Jamie took one and waited until the others had theirs. Upon first bite, the pastry was so delicate that it melted in his mouth like sweet cream butter. The small pastry was gone in two bites, and he craved another.
Mrs. Gates went on to describe the scene she had in mind, which was entirely the opposite of what her husband envisioned.  But Mr. Roberts kept nodding and smiling, as if he intended to do everything that she wanted.  Jamie was puzzled about how this could be accomplished, but he kept silent.
Mrs. Gates turned to Jamie and held the plate of pastries to him.
“Do have another. Take two. They’re so dainty but so delicious!”
“Thank you, Ma’am,” Jamie nodded and put down his cup to take another. It was then that she noticed his missing hand. Her eyes filled with concern and she cried,
“Oh, my!  What happened?”
Jamie felt his face burn with embarrassment. She immediately looked startled, and her hand flew to her mouth.
“Oh, I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean to be so rude! Please forgive me!”
Jamie smiled, “That’s all right, ma’am.”
Mr. Roberts explained, “Jamie was in the Royal Navy when his ship was attacked. His hand was crushed under the rigging, and unfortunately, the surgeon was unable to save it.” 
Mrs. Gates looked shocked, “Oh, you dear boy!” she cried pitifully, “And I was so impolite just now!  I hope you won’t hold it against me!  I can’t understand why the Navy takes such young boys into danger.”  Her face drew into a kindly smile, “But now you are here in Boston as an apprentice for Mr. Roberts!”
“And a talented artist in his own right,” added Mr. Roberts.
Jamie looked down at his tea, hiding a bashful smile.
“Is that so?” cried Mrs. Gates, “I shall look forward to seeing his art work.  Will he be assisting you for this mural?”
“Oh, yes. He’s quite capable of contributing a great deal to it.”
Jamie looked up and Mrs. Gates smiled at him warmly, “Then you shall need to have your strength, Jamie. Please finish these pastries and the tea. I'll leave you two to do your work. I must see the General now.”
After she left, the door to the General’s office across the hall was left partially open. Jamie could hear the mumbled voices of two officers in discussion.  
“Jamie,” Mr. Roberts said, “Why don’t you stand back there…near the door, and tell me where you think the horizon line should be on this mural? I’ve no doubt your young eyes are better than mine.”
Jamie nodded and walked back.
“A bit farther, please,” Mr. Roberts said, pointing to the open door across the hall. Jamie paused, and then nodded in understanding.  He wanted Jamie to listen to the conversation from the General’s office.  While Jamie stood directly across from the open door, Mr. Roberts lightly drew a penciled line on the wall. He looked back and asked, “Here?”
Jamie squinted as he listened to the men’s voices coming from the office.
“Perhaps a bit higher, sir,” Jamie said. Mr. Roberts nodded and erased his pencil line.
Jamie didn’t dare look at the open door.  The General’s voice grew louder as he walked around the room, moving closer to the doorway.
“And now this!” Gates shouted, “How did they get inside the battery with four guards on duty? Tell me that! All those cannon ruined! Gunpowder completely gone! And having the bloody nerve to write Sons of Liberty on the wall during their damned attack on the fort!  I’ve been given orders to round up those damn rebels and send them all to London for trial, and by God, I shall! I want those orders delivered into the hands of Major Pitcairn today!  Is that understood?”
“Yes, sir!”
Alarmed about what he had just heard, Jamie hurried to Mr. Roberts and whispered,
“I heard him say-“
Mr. Roberts clapped a hand over Jamie’s mouth, and shook his head urgently.
They heard the front door opening again and Mr. Roberts put a finger to his lips. Jamie nodded in understanding, sighing impatiently. He wanted to run out of the house and go to Paul Revere with the news. All of the Sons of Liberty were at risk, including himself, and Sarah’s father.  But he trusted Mr. Roberts. 
Jamie tried to eavesdrop at the General’s office door to find out more, but the mumbling voices behind it were engaged in secret plans.  For the rest of the afternoon, thoughts kept buzzing in his head like a swarm of angry bees, stinging him with questions.  Did they know who was in the Sons of Liberty? Would they come to arrest him? What would happen to Sarah’s father, Jonathan? And if he and Jamie were both arrested and brought to trial, would they be hanged?
He remembered seeing a hanging on board the H.M.S. Vengeance when he had been in the Navy.  They had only been at sea a month when a man tried to jump overboard and swim to another passing ship headed for home.  He was caught and charged with desertion, and immediately hanged from a yard arm.  Jamie recalled with horror how the man had “danced” on the end of the rope, kicking his legs and writhing like a worm on a hook while the sailors and officers watched in chilling silence until the man was dead.  It was not a merciful death. The thought of facing the noose made him shiver, and he knew he had to do everything in his power to escape it.

Table of Contents

Chapter 3: The Green Dragon

The Green Dragon, a tavern much like many others in the middle of Boston, was a smoke-filled place with a warm fire, crowded with wooden tables and chairs bearing the dents and scratches from lively customers.  A portly bartender served local beer and ale, cider, and other favorites, like rum and molasses. He could also manage a hot meat pie or some stew if anyone wanted to eat.  
But tonight, eating and drinking was the last thing on anyone’s mind as they sat around the two tables they had pushed together near the fireplace. Candles flickered as tallow spilled down onto the tables. The smell of wood smoke and ale mingled in the air. The men lit up their clay pipes and huddled around the table.
Sarah and Jamie sat beside Jonathan on one side of the table.  Paul Revere sat on their right, and next to him, Dr. Church, Isaiah Thomas- the printer, Mr. Holbrook- their schoolmaster, and Dr. Warren. The only two ‘regulars’ missing were Sam Adams and John Hancock, who were away at the Provincial Congress in Concord.
“We’ve received some important news,” Paul Revere began, “And I think it’s best if you hear it directly from the man who heard it himself.”
He turned to Jamie and gave him a nod.  Jamie cleared his throat. He looked around at the anxious faces, waiting for his words. Sarah gave him an encouraging smile. Before speaking, he glanced over both shoulders to make sure that no one else was listening. Lowering his voice, he said, “I overheard General Gates saying that he’s been ordered to find all the rebels in the Sons of Liberty and arrest them. They’re to be sent to London for trial.”
“What!” they gasped in astonishment, “On what charges?” asked Dr. Church.  
“I didn’t hear him say any more than that,” Jamie replied.
“How did you hear this?” asked Mr. Holbrook, looking concerned.
Jamie replied, “I’m an apprentice to Mr. Roberts, an artist, and we’re painting a mural in the Governor’s house. I overheard him giving the orders to an officer."
Revere spoke, “I think we can pretty well guess what the charges will be: high treason against the King of England.  And you all know what that means.”
“Hanging,” replied Isaiah Thomas, “We’ll all swing if they catch us!”
“On what evidence would they convict us?” asked Dr. Warren, “Because we spoke out against the King’s taxes? If that’s all they have on us, they’ll have to arrest nearly every man and woman in the Colonies!”
Paul Revere shook his head, “Oh, they’ll have more than that if they get their hands on certain…papers.”
Dr. Church leaned forward, asking, “What papers?”
Revere looked intently at each person. He lowered his voice and everyone leaned in closer as he spoke.
“Sam Adams and John Hancock have been writing letters to other colonies about gaining independence from Britain. There’s proof enough in those papers that would prove treason in any court of law, and certainly one back in London!”
Isaiah Thomas spoke quickly, “My God! If the British get their hands on those letters-“
“I know.  It would be a death sentence for all of us,” Revere added.
“What should we do?” asked Dr. Warren, a man who demanded action instead of words.
“We must warn the others to hide the letters and any other papers relating to our plans,” answered Revere.
Dr. Church asked, “Where are those letters now?”
“With Sam and John.”
“In Concord?” asked Dr. Church.
“No. In Lexington, where John’s staying with his cousin, Lydia Clark, and her family.”
“Well, I don’t know about the rest of you,” Isaiah Thomas spoke, sitting up straight.  His long face and sad brown eyes looked worried as he said, “But I’m packing up and leaving first thing tomorrow. I’m not taking any chances after my printing shop was burned to the ground last year by the British. This has been a hard year for me and the family, just trying to get back on our feet again.”
Jonathan spoke, “We understand, Isaiah. Each one of us must do what’s right for himself and his family.”
Dr. Warren reached into his coat and drew out two beautifully carved pistols. He laid them on the table carefully and spoke fiercely.
“I’m ready for whatever happens. I plan on staying here until the bitter end! Nothing will stop me from fighting for our freedom!”
Jonathan turned to Revere. “You should consider leaving town, too. You would be one of the first to be arrested, Paul.”
Revere gazed at him with a heavy brow. 
“I hate to leave. There’s my silversmith shop here and my family to think of…”
Jamie spoke up, “Perhaps you should leave town for a few days, sir. Someone’s got to go to Lexington and warn the others to hide the papers.”
Revere frowned in thought, stroking his chin.
Jonathan said, “He’s right, Paul.  It isn’t safe for you here in town. They could come at any time to arrest you. Go to Lexington and tell Sam and John to hide the papers and weapons in Concord.”
Revere looked around the table as each one awaited his reply.  
“Right. I’ll go. I’ll put my son in charge of my shop until I return. Perhaps a week from now things will change for the better.”
“You can take my horse,” Dr. Warren said, “He’s not big, but he’s fast, in case you need to outrun some Redcoats.”
Revere smiled, “Thanks.”
Dr. Church asked, “What about the weapons? Where will you hide them?”
“We’ll find places, don’t you worry,” Revere said with a cunning smile.
“Including the cannon?” asked Mr. Holbrook.
“Necessity will demand it,” answered Revere.
“Then let’s all drink to your safe journey,” smiled Dr. Warren, raising his tankard of ale. All the others raised their drinks and touched tankards before drinking.
Jamie looked around at the small group.  He wondered how a few men such as these could hope to defeat the British army, with its thousands of troops and its stockpile of weapons.  But he knew their determination to be free, and that they would rather die than continue to live as they did now at the mercy of the King and his government.
Paul Revere drank his toast, saying, “I think another toast is due to the young man who brought us this information. To our youngest Son of Liberty, Jamie Quayle!”
“Here! Here!” everyone cheered. Jamie grinned and touched his tankard to the others and to Sarah’s.  His heart glowed with pride that he was counted among these brave and devout patriots.  
Paul Revere turned to Jamie, asking, “How much longer will you be working in the Governor’s house?”
Jamie shrugged, “A few weeks at least.  We haven’t even begun the painting yet.”
Jamie searched Paul’s face. From the look in his eyes, Paul seemed to be weighing his thoughts carefully. Finally, he said,
“You’re a smart lad, Jamie, and a brave one, too. I don’t want you to take any great risks, but if there’s any way that you could get into that office when the Governor is out, and have a look through his things carefully, his letters… papers…anything that might tell us what the British are up to, it would be a tremendous help.”
Jamie looked at him and nodded, “I will, sir.”
“If you’re caught, it could be very bad for you. Who knows what they might do to get the truth from a man.”
“I promise I’ll be very careful,” Jamie assured him, “But as soon as I get the chance, I’ll do it.”
Paul grinned and slapped him on the back, crying, “Good lad!”
Dr. Church raised his tankard. “Another toast: to liberty!”
“To Liberty!” they all cried and clashed their tankards, careless of the ale that spilled over onto the table.
Jamie smiled at Sarah, whose eyes were wide with excitement. He knew she would be in on this somehow. She was unlike any young lady he had ever met. Jamie had moved in with Sarah and her father on their farm nearly a year ago after leaving the British Naval ship, the H.M.S. Vengeance. They had nursed him back to health after he'd been nearly killed in battle, and had given him a home. 
He had come to admire Sarah's strength and independence. She was not afraid to help the rebels’ cause, risking her own life fearlessly. Because of his admiration for her and her father, Jamie realized that even though he was British, he believed in their dream to live in a free country, independent from Britain. He intended to get into the General's office to spy on his affairs just as soon as he could. But how would be do it?

Table of Contents

Chapter 4: The Perfect Plan

After school the next day, Jamie returned to the Governor’s house with Mr. Roberts to sketch the mural.  The General’s office was busy all day and he had no opportunity to look around inside, and he heard nothing of any interest from the office door. When Mr. Roberts showed Jamie his sketches, Jamie was amazed.
“That’s brilliant!” Jamie declared, “You’ve got the buildings of London and the rolling countryside Mrs. Gates wanted all together!”
Mr. Roberts smiled with satisfaction.
“I’ve taken the liberty of drawing a garden in front of the river, with the buildings in the background, among trees. This way, both General Gates and his wife are getting what they want. It’s a compromise, but one which they both appear to be satisfied with. I’ll need you to go to the kitchen and fetch some water.  Here’s a bucket.”
Jamie nodded and took the bucket out to a separate brick building away from the main house to prevent kitchen fires from spreading.  As he was looking for the water pump, he heard a voice crying, 
“Ah, Tulip! Tu est mon cheval favori!”
Jamie knew French when he heard it, for the last Frenchman he had met had tried to kill him. He left the bucket on the ground and hid around the side of the carriage house. He peeked around the corner. A tall, young dark-skinned youth in a red vest, white shirt, and breeches was brushing a reddish brown mare with white markings.
Suddenly the youth stopped brushing when he noticed Jamie. 
Jamie asked, “Je suis Jamie Quayle. Parlez-vous Anglais?”
The young man replied in English, “I’m Joshua LeBlanc."
Jamie smiled and stepped forward, asking, “Where are you from?”
“I grew up in the French colony of Martinique, but I learned English from my father.”
Joshua had a handsome face with an easy smile, and a pleasant West Indies accent.
“I’m the groom here. I look after the Governor’s horses.”
Jamie nodded, “I see. So you’re a King’s man, then.”
Joshua frowned, “I’m no man’s man! I'm free, not a slave! I get paid for my work!”
Jamie was surprised because he had never met a free black man before other than those who were in the Royal Navy, and he hardly considered them free.
“Oh, I see.  I meant no offense-“
Joshua shrugged carelessly, “None taken. Why are you here?”
“I was just getting some water for my master. I’m apprenticed to Mr. Roberts, the painter.”
Joshua frowned, “You’re a slave?”
“No, not a slave, an apprentice.  I get paid, too! Not much now, but I someday I will.”
Joshua nodded in approval, “Good. It’s not right to work for nothing.”
Jamie nodded, “I agree. I think everyone should be free.”
“Right,” agreed Joshua.  He held out his hand and Jamie shook it.
“You can call me Josh.”
“Call me Jamie,” he replied, “Well, I’d better get back to work now. It’s been nice meeting you.”


Joshua LaBlanc

For the next two days, Jamie was very busy going to school in the day, working after school with Mr. Roberts, and studying at night.  
After school, he told Sarah that he would not be coming home until late. Mr. Roberts wanted to work late and needed his help to get as much done as possible while the Governor and his lady were away.
“Away? To where?” she asked. 
“Someplace in the countryside,” Jamie replied, “To visit one of her relatives.  They’ll only be gone one night.”
Sarah’s brown eyes grew wide, and her mouth dropped open.
“Jamie! I’ve just had the most brilliant idea!”
Jamie looked at her doubtfully.  Usually her ‘brilliant’ ideas were somewhat risky and nearly impossible.  
“What?” he asked dubiously.
She looked around to make sure no one else was listening, but the other students had left.
“Don’t you see?” she whispered hoarsely, “This would be our perfect chance to go into his office and snoop around!”
Jamie blinked, “Oh, yeah… I see.”
He was about to add that if he hadn’t been so tired, he might have thought of it first, but she went on.
“Of course, you’ll need my help,” she added.
“Help? Why would I-“
“Because if one of the servants catches you inside the Governor’s office, you’ll be in very big trouble! That’s why you need me, and I have the perfect plan!”

That night while Mr. Roberts and Jamie were completing the sky for the drawing room mural, there was a knock at the front door.
Sarah stood on the top step, holding a basket.  She smiled at the butler and gave a small curtsy.
“Good evening, sir. I’ve come to deliver some food to Mr. Roberts and his apprentice. Are they still here?”
The butler nodded, “Indeed they are, Miss. Come inside.”
She smiled at him and he showed her into the drawing room.  Sarah saw that several lanterns had been set up for extra lighting.  On one wall of the room was a huge drawing with a cerulean blue sky and gossamer white clouds. She could see the outline of several tall and majestic buildings, towering over trees lining the riverfront in the foreground.  Geese and swans graced the water, surrounded by lovely gardens on the river front.
“Oh, my goodness!” she cried, “I’ve never seen anything so big! It’s huge!”
Jamie smiled, “It’s London. Do you like it?”
“It’s beautiful! Like something in a dream! Are there really buildings like that?”
Mr. Roberts chuckled, “Oh, yes. In London they’re very real.”
He pointed out the Tower of London, the Houses of Parliament and St. Paul’s Cathedral.  
“Here,” she said quietly, “you must be starved. I’ve brought you both something to eat and drink. Father has gone ahead to the Green Dragon to see if there is any news from Concord yet.”
They thanked her and gratefully accepted.  Sitting on the sofa, they spread out the meal of cheese, fresh bread, and two large slices of home-made apple pie. As they ate, she asked,
“Have the Governor and his wife gone?”
“Yes, they left this morning,” Jamie answered, “Are you ready?”
“Yes. I brought a lantern,” she said, holding it up.  Jamie recognized it as one of the small oil lanterns from home.
Mr. Roberts looked at her as he ate a slice of cheese, then asked,
“Are you sure you should do this? If you are discovered-“
“But I won’t be!” she insisted, “Jamie is going to keep watch for me while I am in the Governor’s office. He’ll give a warning if anyone comes.”
Jamie and Sarah went out to the hallway. No one was around. They could hear the servants’ muffled voices at the back of the house. Jamie went to the office door and turned the handle.
“It’s locked!” he declared.
“Oh, no! Now what will we do?”
“We’ll have to get the key. There must be one somewhere.”
He and Sarah tiptoed across the wood floor towards the end of the hall.  There was a small breakfast room on the left and a large dining room on the right. Straight ahead there was a door slightly ajar that led out to the kitchen. They could hear the servants laughing, and when they peeked through the opening, there was Mr. Heath, sitting at the table with two maids, drinking ale. 
Sarah and Jamie moved away from the door. They went into the small butler's pantry where food was kept until serving time.  Jamie began opening some of the cupboard drawers.  He found silverware in one and candles in another.  Sarah gasped, seeing a huge brass key ring with keys hanging on the wall. Quietly, she lifted them off the hook and tapped Jamie’s shoulder. At first his eyes lit up, but clouded when he saw there were at least a dozen on the ring.
They tiptoed back to the General's office door and began trying each key in the lock while watching the kitchen door. 
Jamie tried the first three, then the next and the next, but none of them worked. In his haste, they slipped from his hand and dropped to the floor with a whack. Sarah sucked in her breath and held it as they both stood frozen.
The voices in the kitchen ceased, and there was dead silence.  Then Mr. Heath’s voice came louder,
“I’ll just take a look,” he said.
Jamie grabbed the keys from the floor and shoved them into his pocket. Sarah ran to the drawing room couch and flopped down, pretending to tidy up after the picnic meal.  Jamie dashed to the mural and picked up a brush with no paint on it and dabbed at the painting alongside Mr. Roberts, who gave him a reassuring wink.
Mr. Heath went into the vestibule and opened the front door. When he saw no one on the front step, he came back inside and entered the drawing room.
“Pardon me, sir,” he said to Mr. Roberts, “Did you hear anyone at the door, by any chance?”
Mr. Roberts shook his head, “No, no one was at the door.  But my apprentice dropped a bucket on the floor and it made a loud noise. I’m sorry if we disturbed you.”
Mr. Heath saw the wooden bucket on the floor and gave a small smile, “Not at all. Will you be much longer, do you think?”
Mr. Roberts looked back at the painting and shook his head, “No more than half an hour.”
Heath nodded and gave a slight bow, “Very good, sir.”
He left the room, and everyone sighed with relief. Sarah’s heart was pounding against her ribs.  She looked at Jamie and he beckoned her to follow him. They stopped at the doorway to make sure that Mr. Heath did not notice the missing keys, but he had already resumed his place in the kitchen. This time, the kitchen door was left further ajar, and the servants would be able to hear every sound from the hallway.
Jamie carefully withdrew the ring of keys from his pocket and realized that he had no idea which keys he had tried and which ones he hadn’t, so he had to start all over again. Sarah stood beside him to block the view of any servants who might come into the hallway. She became increasingly nervous when key after key refused to unlock the door.  If none of the keys were the right one, when would they ever get another chance to get into the office?
Finally they heard a click as the bolt shot open. Jamie turned the handle and the door opened slightly.  The hinge whined, and he froze.  After making sure that no one was coming, he carefully opened the door which snarled like a small dog. Very slowly, he inched the door open while nervously watching the kitchen door. 
Finally the opening was large enough for Sarah to slip through, taking her lantern with her.  Jamie pulled the door closed quickly and looked back at the kitchen door. He could still hear the servants laughing, so he stepped across the hall into the drawing room to keep watch.

Table of Contents

Chapter 5: Trapped

Sarah set her lantern on the large elegantly carved wooden desk.  There was very little on the top of the desk, and she thought the Governor was most impressively tidy. She tried to pull open the top drawer but found it locked. She let out a soft groan of frustration, and began searching for the key.  She looked under the ink pot, a candlestick, and a small clock. Her eyes fell upon a painted brass sculpture of a soldier standing at attention, carrying a rifle, like a guard on duty.   With nothing more than a hunch to guide her, she lifted up the heavy statue.
There underneath lay a small key.  She scooped it up and crouched down beside the desk, finding the keyhole. She slid the key into the hole and held her breath, praying that it would work.
The lock turned with a click, and she pulled the drawer open smoothly and quietly.
Her heart quickened with excitement, but quickly waned when all she found were writing paper, quill pens, another ink pot, a blotter, a stick of wax, and a brass seal.  She closed the drawer slowly and opened the next.
Here she found something more interesting.  There were folded papers, like thick letters.  She opened one and began to read silently.
‘Dear Mr. North, It is with utmost urgency that I beg you to send an additional seven to ten thousand troops to the Massachusetts Colony. As you know, I have been waiting for reinforcements. The situation here grows more serious each day as the rebels have been gaining strength in numbers and are storing up weapons.’
She glanced through the rest of the letter. It spoke mostly about the rebellious attitudes of the colonists, particularly Sam Adams and John Hancock.  It closed by saying,
‘And I assure you that I shall do everything in my power to discover the names of each of the traitors in the Sons of Liberty, arrest them, and bring them to justice.  Respectfully yours, General Thomas Gates.’

Her heart pounded fiercely at the mention of the Sons of Liberty. She noted that the date on the letter had been just yesterday, and folded it up and took out another. It was a list of supplies for the army.  She put it back and went through two more until she came across one that caught her interest.  
The letter was written in some kind of strange language which she had never seen before. The letters resembled odd little shapes, but they were arranged like words in sentences, with commas and periods.  Folded in with it was another letter. It seemed to be a translation of the words of the letter and it said, ‘S. Adams and J. Hancock- in Concord at Clark house, keeping secret papers in a trunk, very important evidence.’



Sarah in General Gates' library

The letter was written in some kind of strange language which she had never seen before.

She drew in her breath sharply and hurried to the door to find Jamie.
“Psst!” she whispered to Jamie through the door opening, “Come and look at this!”
He made sure no one was coming, and slipped inside the office.
“Look!” she whispered, holding the letters near the lantern so he could read them.
As he read, his eyes grew with alarm.
“Where did you get this?”
“From the drawer. What language is that?”
Jamie stared at the odd letters and shook his head, “Nothing like I’ve ever seen before.  But the message!  Someone has told General Gates everything we said at the tavern last night!”
She nodded. 
Suddenly, Mr. Heath’s voice echoed in the hall. “Goodnight, Abby. See you in the morning. Goodnight, Jenny.”
Jamie pressed the letters into Sarah’s hands. “Put them back and turn out the light.”
She nodded and Jamie hurried outside into the hallway, as she carefully closed the door  behind him. Mr. Heath’s silhouette moved toward him through the dark hallway. Rather than running away and looking suspicious, Jamie turned to face him and asked,
“Is there some water in the kitchen?”
He really didn’t need the water, but he couldn’t think of anything else to say to explain his presence in the hallway.  
Mr. Heath stood before him, looking puzzled. He looked at the office door, and at Jamie. Then he replied,
“Yes, go to the back of the house. There’s a pot of water on the table, but leave some for the morning tea.”
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir,” Jamie nodded and started to go down the hallway.
“Boy!” Heath shouted.
Jamie stopped and froze in his tracks. He turned around slowly as his heart slammed into his rib cage.
Mr. Heath stated, “You’ll need your bucket.”
Jamie gave a nervous laugh, “Oh, yes, sir, I will. Thanks.”
He hurried back into the drawing room and fetched the bucket.
When he returned, Mr. Heath was still standing in the hall outside the office door.
Jamie set the bucket beside Mr. Roberts, who was packing up his things. 
Mr. Heath stood, watching them. All Jamie could think about was Sarah, hiding in the office. He prayed that she wouldn’t open the door.
Mr. Roberts picked up his sketch book and Sarah’s basket and headed towards the front door.  Jamie stood, not knowing what to do.  How would Sarah get out of the office?
“Come along, Jamie.  We’ve kept Mr. Heath awake long enough. He’s thinking about his bed, I shouldn’t wonder,” Mr. Roberts smiled, looking relaxed and friendly.
Jamie nodded and followed him. Mr. Heath held the front door open.
“Good night, sir,” said Mr. Heath.
“Good night, Mr. Heath,” replied Mr. Roberts, and Jamie followed.  His heart was pounding furiously as his mind drew nearer to panic, thinking of Sarah, trapped inside the General’s office.  How would she get out? What would happen if she were discovered?

Table of Contents

Chapter 6: Suspicion

Mr. Heath closed the door behind them and locked it. Jamie grabbed Mr. Roberts’ arm and whispered fiercely, “But she’s still in there!”
Mr. Roberts nodded, looking unconcerned.  He went down the steps and began to walk at a leisurely pace down the street. Jamie followed after him, demanding, “We can’t just leave her in there! What will we do? What if he finds her?”
Mr. Roberts stopped and turned to him with a puzzled look, “Jamie, what would you do if you were there in her place?”
Jamie shook his head, and then visualized himself in the office, hiding in the dark, listening as the others left him there.
“I…I guess I’d stay hidden until everyone went to bed…then I’d come out and lock the office door behind me… and leave the house.”
“Then, you can assume that, hopefully, she will do the same, since it is the most logical course of action,” shrugged Mr. Roberts, and he resumed his steady pace.  
“But what about the front door? How will she lock it once she’s outside?” Jamie cried.
Mr. Roberts paused and turned to Jamie. The dim glow of a nearby gas lamp left his eyes in shadows.
He said, “I have no idea what she’ll do about that, but it will be interesting to see what she comes up with,” he smiled.  He read the concern in Jamie’s eyes and said calmly, “Sarah is a bright young lady, Jamie. Don’t underestimate her. But you may wish to wait for her. I shouldn’t think she’ll be much longer.  Why don’t you wait by her horse? She’s not likely to leave without it.”
Jamie nodded with uncertain relief.
“Yes, sir. You’re right about that. Good night, sir.”
“Good night,” Mr. Roberts nodded and continued on his way down the darkened street as his footsteps echoed along the cobblestone pavement. Lacy shadows from nearby trees danced upon the pebbled road, and the damp night air was heavy with fog sneaking into the moonlit city.
Jamie returned to the carriage house where Sarah’s brown mare, Betsy, was tied to a post. The garden was too dark for Jamie’s liking.  The surrounding lilac bushes cast deep shadows, and he heard the groan of a door closing somewhere across the street.  A cat howled in the distant darkness.   
Jamie went back to the front garden and hid in a dark shadow.  He heard the footsteps of two Redcoats patrolling the area, chatting as they walked easily down the street with their rifles slung over their shoulders.  
The fog was growing thicker, and Jamie worried about Sarah.  What was taking so long? What if Mr. Heath saw that the keys were missing and he searched the house? What would he do if he came across Sarah hiding in the office?
Suddenly he was startled by something rustling in the bushes nearby. He pressed back behind a tree.
He could see a figure in the dark crossing the back garden, then taking the horse’s reins.
She led the horse down the garden path to the road and stopped when she saw Jamie emerge from the shadows.
“Sarah! How did you get out?”
She shrugged nonchalantly.
“It was easy. I climbed out of the window from the drawing room on the other side of the house.  Come on, let’s go.”
He pulled himself up onto the horse and she climbed up behind him.
“But how did you-“ he began.
“I waited until everyone went to bed. I locked the desk and the office door, and put the keys back. I didn’t dare come out of the front door since it was already locked, so I used the side window. No one saw me, and yes, I did put the window down again, so no one will notice anything.”
Jamie gave a heavy sigh of relief.  All his worry had been for nothing. He realized that Mr. Roberts was right about Sarah. She knew how to take care of herself all right.  He was flooded with relief and felt a little silly that he had made such a fuss. Despite his embarrassment, he was glad that Sarah was safely out of the house.
“But that letter we found,” Sarah said as he urged the horse out along the street, “It’s unbelievable! Who else knew about the letters that Mr. Adams and Mr. Hancock have in Concord?”
Jamie felt anger stirring inside him. “It must be from someone who was at the tavern!”
“But who could it be? There were only a few of us there, and everyone is a member of the Sons of Liberty!”
Jamie shook his head, “It can only mean one thing.  One of them is a traitor.”
“But who? Which one?”
Jamie shrugged, “I don’t know, but we’ve got to find out and warn your father right away!”

Later that night, as they sat around the table at home drinking hot cider, Jamie and Sarah discussed their discovery. Jamie said,
“I’ve been trying to think of who was there at the Green Dragon the other night.”
Sarah began counting off on her fingers, “Besides the three of us, I remember Mr. Revere, of course, Mr. Holbrook, Mr. Thomas, Dr. Church, and Doctor Warren. I can’t imagine any of them betraying us!”
Jamie sighed and shook his head, “All dedicated, brave men. I can’t believe it was any of them, either.”
“Then what about someone else who was in the tavern that night? Could someone else have listened in to our conversation?” asked Sarah.
“I suppose it’s possible, but we were very careful not to let that happen.”
“It’s the only possible answer,” she replied.
There was silence in the room, accompanied by the chirping of crickets outside and the crackling fire. The flames licked the apple logs, glowing green and blue at the bottom and fanning into orange and yellow tongues across the top.  They flickered and popped, and a spark jumped out and landed on the stone hearth.  
“If someone in our group wrote that letter, then we’re all in danger,” said Sarah.
“Yes,” Jamie nodded slowly, “I know.”
He worried in silence about the consequences of their discovery. If the traitor decided to give General Gates the names of his fellow patriots, they would all be sent to London and hanged.

The next day as they rode home from school, Sarah found a poster nailed to a tree and showed it to Jamie. She read it aloud.

“As for their King, John Hancock, and Adams, if they’re taken;
Their heads for signs shall hang on high, Upon that hill called Beacon.”

Sarah cried, “This is terrible! Whoever printed these and hung them up is threatening Mr. Hancock and Mr. Adams with hanging on Beacon Hill!”
“I hope they stay in Concord for their own safety,” Jamie said.
They rode their horse in silence toward Boston Neck, a long arm of land that led into Boston.  
“I’ve just thought of something awful!” declared Sarah.
“What?”
“What if the traitor is Mr. Holbrook?”
“Our teacher?  That’s ridiculous!” Jamie cried, “He’s the one who let us hide all those weapons we stole from the British and hid under the floor in the school house, remember?”
“I know!” Sarah replied, “But what if he told the British about them and they took the guns away?  What if they’re not there any more?”
Jamie frowned, deep in thought. It was something that had never crossed his mind.  As much as he hated to admit it, she could be right. He recalled the night they had waited in the darkened fog, standing in the cold, waiting for Jonathan to drive the wagon load of weapons to the schoolhouse.  Many had risked their lives that night to hide them under the floor boards.
Without waiting for an answer, Sarah said, “There’s only one way to be sure.  We need to find out if those guns are still there.”
“How? Ask him?” Jamie mocked.
“No! We’ve got to look for ourselves! When Mr. Holbrook isn’t there!”
“But-“ Jamie began, but Sarah went on,
“We’ll have to sneak in later, when he’s not there.”
Jamie reminded her that the school house would probably be locked.
“Don’t worry,” she smiled smugly, “I’ll come up with something.”  
At Boston Neck, he pulled the horse to a stop. He handed her the reins and slid down, to go the rest of the way to the Governor’s house on foot.
“I’ll see you tonight,” Sarah promised, “I should have a plan by then.”  She gave the horse a nudge and headed towards home.

Table of Contents

Chapter 7: Spying

The following afternoon, Mr. Holbrook watched Sarah as lugged a heavy bucket of water into the classroom.
“It is indeed very thoughtful and admirable of you to stay after school to wash the windows, Sarah.  After all, you must have many other chores to do at home.”
She set the bucket down and smiled at him, “Oh, I don’t mind at all, sir.  In fact, I really enjoy washing windows.  I like the way they sparkle when they’re all clean.  It lets the light in so much better, don’t you agree?”
“Indeed I do,” he smiled. 
She wrung out the wet rag in the bucket and climbed on a chair to begin washing.  Mr. Holbrook was about to tell her to be careful, but he saw her go about the task with such confidence and skill that he realized that she was accustomed to doing such work.  He wondered about her as he sat at his desk, preparing his lessons for the next day.  He knew that her mother and baby brother had died nearly two years ago during the smallpox epidemic, leaving Sarah and her father alone on their small farm just up the road.  
Watching Sarah, he thought about how much he admired her ambition and her quick mind.  She was one of the brightest pupils he had ever had.  There were not many girls in his school because most were tutored at home by their mothers. Most Colonists believed that too much education was not proper for girls, or at best, a waste of time since their purpose was to someday serve as wives and mothers.   
He regarded Sarah’s dress. It was clean and unwrinkled, but the color had faded from a dark blue to a bluish-purple.  It had patches under the arms, and the sleeves and hem were too short.  Sarah had outgrown the clothes her mother had made for her before she died, but the cost of buying a ready-made dress these days was impossible for anyone but the rich to afford one.  He wondered when the last time was that Sarah had a new dress. 
Some of the other students sometimes made fun of her. She was very smart, but plainly dressed. But she was an attractive girl, looking more like her mother every day.  Mr. Holbrook remembered Martha Harper very well, and had attended her funeral when she and the baby died.
“I’m nearly finished, Mr. Holbrook,” Sarah said as she scrubbed the last window. He replied, “Good, because I have an appointment in town soon.”
She glanced over her shoulder and saw Mr. Holbrook writing tomorrow’s lessons on the chalk board.  Carefully, she unlocked the latch on the last window.  Then she quickly dried it, and emptied the bucket of water outside.  
Mr. Holbrook locked the schoolhouse after she came out. He said goodbye and rode his horse toward Boston while Sarah rode home.  

As soon as Sarah's father left the house that evening to visit a nearby farm, she and Jamie both put on their warmest clothes and packed some tools in a satchel.  They rode through the April mists swirling across the fields.  The air grew wet and raw as the fog crept in.  The darkening roads and the threat of bandits made the two teens alert to every sound.  
When they reached the schoolhouse, they discovered the window was too high up from the ground to reach, so Sarah got onto her mare, leaned over, and pushed the window sash up.  She climbed in and Jamie used the horse’s stirrup to boost himself through the window.
The schoolhouse was in such complete darkness that they both tripped over a stool near the front of the room.  After Sarah lit her lantern, they scanned the floor to find the boards that had been pried up last year to hide the rebel's weapons.
“I think it was these boards here,” Jamie said, tapping them with his foot.  He looked around the room, trying to remember where he had stood the night that the weapons were hidden.
“Yes, I think you’re right,” she agreed.  
He took out the hammer and a chisel and began to pry at one of the boards, and between them they were able to loosen one.
“I’m almost afraid to look,” said Sarah, “I mean, what if they’re not there?”
Jamie looked at her and nodded in understanding, “Then we’ll know he’s the traitor.”
Sarah sighed heavily, “I don’t think I will ever be able to face him again if he is.”
“Well, let’s not worry just yet. Let’s get this next board up.”
She nodded and he tapped the hammer carefully as she held the chisel.  Finally the board gave way and they lifted it out of place. The hole before them looked black and empty.  
“Get the lantern,” said Jamie.  
As soon as light flooded the gaping hole, Sarah's eyes widened and she gasped.


Under a layer of fine dust and cobwebs lay the rifles.

She brought the lantern from the desk and held it over the hole.  Under a layer of fine dust and cobwebs lay the rifles.  Around them, four and six pound cannon balls were stacked into short piles.  
They both let out a sigh of relief and smiled at one another.
“Whew! I was worried there for a moment,” Jamie said lightly.
“So was I!” admitted Sarah, “But now we know that the traitor isn’t Mr. Holbrook. Who could it be?”
Jamie shook his head, “I don’t know. Come on. Let’s get these boards back before someone sees the horse outside.  They might get suspicious.”
Sarah was startled into that possibility, and quickly helped Jamie to fasten the boards back down with the nails and hammer. Exiting back out through the window, they were soon heading for home under the eyes of the watching stars. 
Table of Contents

Chapter 8: More News

When Jamie arrived at the Governor’s house Saturday morning, he noticed an armed guard standing at the front door.  After being admitted into the house by Mr. Heath, he went into the drawing room.  Mr. Roberts pulled him into the corner and spoke quietly.
“Something’s afoot.  There have been officers rushing in and out of here all morning, but I haven’t been able to find out why.  Keep your eyes and ears open. If you discover anything, come and tell me.  If needed, I shall dispatch you directly to Mr. Revere. Now, mix up some pale gray for the cloud shadows. You can do it over there by the entrance so you can hear what’s going on.”
Jamie went to the box of paints sitting near the entrance, and got down to work, mixing powders and oil together to make paint.  He added a smudge of black to the white and mixed it thoroughly while Mr. Roberts added the finishing touch to the white clouds in the mural. 
Jamie saw two officers go into the large dining room and close the door, but he couldn’t hear anything more than muffled voices.
“Bring the gray and a clean small brush,” Mr. Roberts said. 
When Jamie brought them to him, Mr. Roberts examined the color and nodded in satisfaction, saying,
“Good. It’s not too dark.  If you want to keep the feeling of sunlight, just add a very pale gray shadow to the bottom of each cloud, and around the edges like this…” 
He dabbed at the wall with the gray paint and Jamie watched, fascinated as the clouds suddenly appeared as if they were really floating in front of him.
“Here, you try now,” said Mr. Roberts, holding out the brush.
Since Jamie had no left hand to hold the palette, Mr. Roberts had nailed a leather strap across the back of it. He slid his left arm through the strap and brushed the paint carefully on the clouds just as Mr. Roberts had done.  A smile grew on the old man’s face and he nodded in approval.
“Yes, very good!  You learn quickly, my lad.”
The front door opened and another officer rushed into the hallway and rapped loudly upon the office door.  He was admitted and it closed quickly again. Jamie was getting anxious to find out what was going on behind that door, but Mr. Heath was still in the hallway.
“I think we’ll need some more gray,” Mr. Roberts said, “Mix another batch, please.”
“We’re nearly out of black,” said Jamie.
“There’s some in my box out in the carriage house.  The groom knows where it is.”
Jamie nodded and went outside to the carriage house in the back of the manor. He found Joshua guiding a horse into a stall.
“Hello, Joshua,” Jamie greeted.  The young man turned and gave a bright smile,
“Oh, hello, James.”
“You’ve got plenty of horses to take care of today,” Jamie noted.
“Yes, there’s some kind of big meeting going on here…very secret.”
“What’s it all about?”
Joshua shrugged, “I don’t know, but when they come out I may hear something about it.”
Jamie looked at him, thinking. Finally, he asked,
“If there is going to be a war, whose side will you be on?”
Joshua stared at him in surprise.
“Nobody’s, I guess.”
Jamie shook his head, “That won’t be possible. You’ll have to choose one side or the other.”
“Whose side are you on, Englishman?” Joshua’s eyes held a teasing look.
Jamie looked around and made sure no one else was around before answering.
“I think the Colonists deserve to have their freedom, even if they have to fight for it. I think everybody should be free to do as he pleases, within reason, don’t you?”
Joshua considered the question and nodded, “Of course.”
“Then if war does come, would you help us fight against the British?”
Joshua nodded in agreement, “Yes, I will.”
Jamie smiled, “Good. In the meantime, if you see or hear anything that could be important, let me know, will you?”
Joshua smiled and put out his hand to shake.
“You’ve got my word on that.”
Jamie shook his hand firmly and grinned. “Thanks. In the meantime, I’d better get back to work.  Mr. Roberts needs something from his box. Can you show me where it is?”
Joshua showed him the large wooden box in the carriage house. Jamie quickly found what he needed and returned to the house. He mixed up more paint for Mr. Roberts and helped paint all the clouds in the mural. Next, they began to paint in the buildings in the background.  Mr. Roberts applied a soft bluish gray, and then added lighter and darker shades of blue and lavender for shadows.
“Not all shadows are the same colors,” Mr. Roberts explained, “Some are light and some are dark, with all kinds of variations in between.  Here’s where you can add a little more color to make it interesting…a bit of pink, crimson, or purple can liven up the painting.”
Jamie watched in fascination as the buildings came to life. He felt as if he were standing before them in person, expecting one of the perching birds to fly off into the clouds. He was surprised when Mr. Roberts handed him the brush.
“Here, you do it.”
Jamie stared at him and said, “But I don’t know-“
“Go on, just try.  I’ll tell you what to do if you need it.  And don’t worry. If you make a mistake, we can paint over it and fix it. Go on, just try your best.”
Jamie was a little nervous about painting on such a beautiful work of art. But he slipped the palette over his arm and picked up the brush.  He studied the colors that Mr. Roberts had used and tried to mix them on the palette exactly the same way. Then he applied the first strokes and filled in the areas, adding lights and darks as Mr. Roberts suggested. When he stepped back to view his work, he was amazed.  
“Excellent!” Mr. Roberts cried, “See? That wasn’t so hard, was it?”
Jamie was about to reply when the office door opened and a group of officers came out in a hurry.  Their heavy boot steps echoed in the hallway like the sound of a stampede. Mr. Roberts and Jamie exchanged curious looks. General Gage emerged from the dining room and called out to the last officer,
“As soon as Major Cane arrives, send him directly to me.”
“Yes, sir!” the officer saluted.
At that moment, a woman’s footsteps echoed in the foyer, and Mrs. Gage entered the hallway. She exchanged greetings with her husband briefly and asked, “Will you dine with me for lunch, dear?”
“I’m sorry. That’s not possible today, I’m afraid.  The marines are landing and I’ve too much to do.  I’m not even certain I shall be able to dine with you this evening.”
He kissed her cheek and bid her goodbye before disappearing back into the dining room where the other officers waited.  She pulled off her shawl and walked into the drawing room.  As soon as she saw the mural, she caught her breath, crying,
“Oh, it’s so lovely! So incredibly realistic! I almost feel as if I’m drifting in a boat on the Thames River.”
Mr. Roberts turned and nodded appreciatively.
“Thank you, madam.  We’ve only just begun, but I’m happy that you approve.”
“Approve? It’s wonderful! And so much more than I had expected! You are truly gifted, Mr. Roberts.”
He thanked her for her compliment and Jamie bowed slightly as she left.
When they were sure that no one was in the hall, Jamie said quietly, “The marines are landing!  That could mean they’re planning to march the troops out of Boston, couldn’t it?”
Mr. Roberts nodded, “It could, but not necessarily.  But it should be reported, nonetheless. Do you know where Mr. Knox’s London Book Shop is?”
Jamie nodded, “Yes, of course.”
“Go there quickly and tell him what we’ve heard.  I’ll make an excuse for your absence--that I’ve sent you out to purchase some supplies for me. Now hurry!”
Jamie slipped the palette from his arm and quickly headed out of the door.
In the carriage house, he found Joshua sitting on a wooden box polishing a leather harness. Joshua looked up and grinned. “What’s going on, Jamie?”
“Plenty,” said Jamie, “The marines have landed.”
Joshua frowned, “Oh, my auntie won’t like that. She’s got three soldiers put up at her house now and it’s so crowded we can hardly move!  Plus, they eat more than their horses! I hope we don’t get any marines, too! What about you?”
“I live on a small farm in Roxbury. There aren’t any soldiers out there.”
“Huh! Well, you just wait. Pretty soon they’ll be everywhere.”
“Unless we stop them,” Jamie said, “Have you heard anything?”
Joshua looked at him and when their eyes met, he said, “I did hear one of the officers say something like, wait til we get our hands on those rebels…we’ll string them up right on the steps of the State House, or something like that.”
Jamie sighed, “So they intend to hang us here in Boston! But I think they’re getting ready to march.”
“To where?”
Jamie shrugged, “That’s what I’m trying to find out.”
“Well, if I hear anything else, I’ll let you know,” Joshua promised.
Jamie slapped his shoulder in appreciation.  He walked Mr. Roberts’ horse out of a stall and Joshua helped him put on the saddle and to mount the horse. 

Table of Contents

Chapter 9: A Suspect

As he rode through the streets of Boston, he passed columns of marching marines carrying heavy packs. Some were being led to homes where they would be staying, whether the residents liked it or not. Although it was usually busy on Saturdays with farmers and tradesmen bringing their goods to sell, Jamie couldn’t remember ever seeing it this busy before. Riding through the crowded streets, he finally arrived at Mr. Knox’s London Book Shop.
Mr. Knox was a secret member of the Sons of Liberty. When Jamie entered, Mr. Knox waved him over to a corner where they could speak privately.  Jamie told him what he had overheard at the governor’s house.  
Knox nodded, “I thought something was up.  I’ve never seen this many marines before. We'll have to meet tonight at The George Tavern, nine o’clock.  You let Jonathan know and I’ll send word to the others.”
Jamie nodded and hurried back out and climbed up on the horse.  He navigated through the crowds to Boston Neck, where he saw Redcoats guarding the entrance to the Neck. Once he was past the Neck, he urged the horse to a gallop and hurried to the Harper’s farm.

Jonathan and Sarah were surprised at the news.  They sat down for dinner, and Jamie told them everything that had happened, including what Joshua had overheard.
“Father: since The George Tavern is just down the road in Roxbury, may we come? After all, if the marines do come out, I don’t think we would like being home on our own without you here.”
Jamie was about to protest that he was perfectly capable of protecting her, but when he opened his mouth and began to speak, he felt a painful kick to his shins.
“Ow!” he cried, grabbing his leg.  Sarah gave him a wide-eyed stare and he knew that she was up to something.
“Sorry,” Jamie said, rubbing his leg, “I hit my foot on the table leg.”
Jonathan nodded and turned to Sarah, “Well, I guess I would agree with you on that.”
Sarah nodded and gave Jamie a wink, and he smiled back at her.
When Jonathan left the room to get his things, Jamie asked, “Why did you kick me?”
“Because I knew what you were going to say, and it would've ruined my plan to get us into Roxbury with father. You don't want to be left out of the action, do you?”
“Well, no, but did you have to kick so hard?”
She smiled, “You'll thank me later!”

At The George Tavern in Roxbury, they spotted Dr. Warren standing near a table where the others were seated. Jamie and Sarah were surprised to see that Paul Revere had returned to Boston. 
Sarah turned to Jamie and whispered, “Should we tell Mr. Revere about the traitor among us?”
Jamie shook his head and replied, “Until we know more about who the traitor is, let’s keep it to ourselves.”
A barmaid brought them tankards of cider and ale.  As soon as everyone was served, Dr. Warren said, “Well, we all know the state of things. The marines have landed and the soldiers are preparing to march.  We just don’t know when or where they’ll go.”
“I doubt it will happen tonight,” said Mr. Knox, “They’ve put three marines into my house and it looks like they’ll be staying for at least a few nights. So, we have some time to try and find out where they’re going and what they intend to do.”  He turned to Jamie asking, “I don’t suppose there is anything more you can tell us?”
“No, sir,” Jamie replied, “But I’m trying to find out everything I can.”
Knox smiled, “You’ve done well, especially in getting the word to us on such short notice.”
Everyone around the table nodded their agreement.
Dr. Church asked, “Well then, what shall we do?”
Dr. Warren replied, “I suggest that we notify the militia in all the surrounding towns: Concord, Cambridge, Lexington, Watertown, and Charlestown.  They should prepare themselves to march at a moment’s notice. As soon as we know where the British are headed, we can tell everyone to meet there.”
“I’ll leave tonight,” Revere said.
“What about the weapons?” asked Dr. Church.
Mr. Holbrook spoke up, “I'll see that they get to our militia as soon as we know where the troops will go.”
Dr. Church asked, “Where are they? And how will we get them there?”
“We have wagons,” Jonathan said, “And plenty of hands to help move them as soon as necessary.”
“We must set up a plan for sending messages,” said Dr. Church.
Mr. Knox turned to Jamie, “If you hear anything more, come to my shop immediately and I shall tell the others.”
“And while you’re on the way,” Mr. Revere said to Jamie, “Go to my shop and let my son Paul Junior know.  He’ll send word to me if I’m not there.”
“Where will you be?” asked Dr. Church.
“Oh, here and there,” Revere replied with a cunning smile.
“We’ve all got to swear to secrecy in these matters,” said Mr. Knox, as he reached into his coat pocket and brought out a small black leather-bound book. He placed it on the center of the table and everyone regarded it curiously.
“I will swear on this Bible with my life and my soul that I will not tell anyone outside of this group here what we have spoken of tonight. And we must all swear the same oath.”
“I’ll swear to it!” cried Dr. Warren. The others agreed enthusiastically.
“Very well. Everyone put your hand on this Bible and repeat after me,” said Mr. Knox. He laid the book upon the table so everyone could touch it. They all reached out and placed their fingers upon the book in silence and waited for Mr. Knox to speak.
“I do solemnly swear…”
They all repeated the phrase, including Sarah and Jamie.
“Upon the holy book of God,” said Knox, and the others repeated. 
It was then that Sarah noticed something odd.  She nudged Jamie with her elbow and threw a furtive glance at Dr. Church. Jamie followed her gaze and watched him. 
Knox continued, “That I shall not divulge anything regarding this group or its business…”
As they all repeated the words, Jamie and Sarah saw that Dr. Church’s lips were not moving and only the tips of his fingers touched the Bible.
“To anyone outside of our members.”
They repeated the last phrase and then Mr. Knox proposed a toast.
“To liberty!”
“To Liberty!” Everyone cheered, clashing their tankards together.  Dr. Church picked up his tankard of ale and drank, contemplating the others.  When their eyes met Jamie sensed something suspicious.  Dr. Church looked away, but his mind was still on the lad, wondering what he was thinking.



Dr. Church and Paul Revere at The George Tavern

Back at home that evening, Jonathan stood before the fire with his arms folded across his chest, regarding Sarah and Jamie incredulously.
“That’s ridiculous!” Jonathan cried, “Dr. Church has been a dedicated and hard-working patriot all the years I’ve known him!”
“But it’s true, Father!” Sarah argued, “I saw him, too! While everyone else was swearing the oath, Dr. Church remained silent!”
Jonathan shrugged and said roughly, “That doesn’t mean he’s a traitor! He was probably just thinking about something else!”
“But sir, all those questions he kept asking,” Jamie declared, “Why did he want to know about where the weapons were stored and how they would be transported-“
“He was just making sure that we’ll be ready, that’s all!” Jonathan argued angrily, “No, I cannot believe that he is a traitor! You two have let your imaginations go too far. I have known Dr. Church since before you were born, Sarah. He came to our home when your mother was sick and he tried everything he could to save her and your brother. And he has dedicated his life to our cause!  I will not abide such talk about him now.  It’s well past bed time for you both.”
They knew by the tone of Jonathan’s voice that he would hear no more about the subject, so they said their goodnight and headed upstairs. They stopped on the landing outside Sarah’s bedroom door and Jamie spoke quietly.
“I saw something strange in his eyes! Dr. Church is hiding something! I just know it!”
“Then we’ll have to uncover the truth ourselves. No one will believe us unless we have proof!”
Jamie nodded in agreement, “Let’s think on it tonight and try to come up with a plan.”
Sarah smiled, “Oh, I’ll come up with something all right.”
Jamie grinned back, “I’m counting on it!”

Table of Contents

Chapter 10: The Red-Headed Woman

Like most New England folks, on Sunday morning Sarah and Jamie followed their usual routine of doing chores, eating breakfast, and going to the Congregational Church meeting,
On their way back to the farm, Sarah asked Jonathan, “Father, if there is a war, will you have to go and fight?”
Seeing the anxiety in her eyes, he said, “I pray that no one will have to fight, but if they do, I must do my part.  I’ll send you to the Reveres until I return. I don’t want to leave the two of you alone on the farm.”
Jamie spoke confidently, “You have nothing to worry about sir! I can take care of Sarah.”
Jonathan gave a slight smile and said, “Thanks, but if the troops march out of Boston, they may invade every house looking for weapons, food, money, or women.  Sarah will be safer at the Revere’s and I’ll feel better knowing you’re with her.”
Sarah scoffed, “I don’t need protection! I can take care of myself!”
Her father became stern.
“You’ll do as I say, young lady! You’re no match for a bunch of soldiers no matter what you may think.”
Jamie nodded in agreement. He knew that Sarah would need his protection, and he decided that from now on, he would keep his knife with him at all times. While in the Navy, he had learned how to throw a knife accurately, which saved his life on more than one occasion.

The following day, Jamie hurried back to work at the Governor’s house after school.  The General’s office door was open, and an aide was speaking with General Gage. Jamie stood mixing paint near the entrance to the drawing room and listened to their conversation.
“And Major Pitcairn is ready to march his unit out on your command, sir,” reported the aide.
“Very well.  I'll send word to him when the time comes. I'm expecting a message sometime today.  As soon as it arrives, I'll let everyone know their destination.”
“Very good, sir.  Shall I dispatch these orders?”
“Yes. Take them yourself. I don’t want them to fall into the wrong hands.”
“Yes, sir.”
The aide tucked the canvas pouch under his arm, saluted smartly, and left the office.
Jamie went to Mr. Roberts, who was painting in the buildings on the wall mural.
“Have you heard anything today?” Jamie whispered.
Mr. Roberts shook his head and kept on painting as he said quietly, “No, but I shall need several shades of green mixed in preparation for painting the trees and grass. Add more yellow to some and blue to others.”
Jamie nodded in understanding.  Mixing paint gave him the opportunity to stand near the entrance while keeping an eye and ear on the General’s office.
As he mixed the paint, he gazed out of the front windows overlooking the street.  His attention was drawn to a woman across the road, wearing a shawl over a long blue dress. Her reddish auburn hair shined like copper in the sunlight.  She looked up and down the street as if waiting for someone.  She paced back and forth nervously, glancing up at the Governor’s house from time to time.  Finally, as if she had made up her mind, she crossed the road and came up the front steps. Jamie pretended not to listen as Mr. Heath greeted the stranger.
“I got a message to deliver,” said the woman. Her speech sounded American.  She reached into a string bag on her wrist and pulled out a letter.
“Give this to General Gage, if you please.”
“And whom shall I say the letter is from, Madam?” asked Heath.
“Just give it to him. He’ll know when he sees it.”
She didn’t wait for a reply, but turned and hurried away. Jamie watched as Mr. Heath delivered the letter to the General, and wondered what it was about, and why an American woman would send one to General Gates.
“Jamie,” called Mr. Roberts. 
Mr. Roberts gave him a piece of paper folded in half.
“Here, you’d better keep this on you at all times,” said Mr. Roberts.
“What is it?” Jamie asked.
“A note explaining your presence here at the General’s house. It may come in handy if things become…difficult.”
Jamie opened the note and read it.

‘To Whom It May Concern: Please allow the young man, James Quayle, to proceed into the residence of General Thomas Gage, in Boston, as he is an apprentice engaged to perform work in the Governor’s house.’
Jamie thanked him and put the note into his pocket.

That evening after dinner, Jamie and Sarah were given permission to ride into Boston for some supplies. When Jamie showed the guards at the Neck his letter from Mr. Roberts, they were allowed to pass through. 
They trotted past rows of tall buildings. Glowing windows and gas lanterns shed pools of dim light upon the cobblestone streets. The air smelled of the sea just a few blocks away.  
Sarah told Jamie, “I got Dr. Church’s address from Mr. Holbrook. I told him I needed to see a doctor about something, and he didn’t ask any questions.”
They found number 17 King St., located in the middle of a row of three-story brick houses with black shutters. A gas lamp lit the doctor's brass plaque beside the door.
“That’s it,” Sarah said, pointing to the door as they trotted past. They slid off the horses and dashed to a shaded spot across the street. Cloaked in dark shadows, they stood unseen.
The street was quiet except for chirping crickets and the distant laughter from a nearby tavern. As they stood watching number 17, shadows moved behind curtains in the lighted windows. 
“I wish they were downstairs so we could see what was going on,” said Sarah.
“He probably has his medical office downstairs and his living quarters above it.”
She nodded. She hadn’t noticed how cold it was, but felt a shiver go through her.  She heard footsteps approaching and nudged Jamie. He turned and saw two soldiers coming in their direction.  
“What’ll we do?” asked Sarah, looking worried. She feared the soldiers might interrogate them.
Just as the soldiers were getting close enough to see their faces, Jamie grabbed Sarah, embraced her, and kissed her.  She struggled to push him away, but he held onto her firmly, turning his face away from the soldiers.  As the soldiers passed, one chuckled, saying, “Oh, I remember them days all right.”
“Me, too!” cried the other, chuckling, and they kept right on walking .  As soon as they were out of earshot, Jamie let her go. She hadn’t realized that he had such strength in his arms. Furious at what he had done, she punched him in the arm.
“Ow!” he cried, “What did you do that for!”
“Don’t you ever do that again, Jamie Quayle, or you’ll wish you’d never met me!” she cried.
“Shhh!” he whispered fiercely, “I had to! We couldn’t just stand here like two idiots! They would have asked all kinds of questions!”
Breathing hard, Sarah wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.  “Next time, think of something else, will you?”
He sighed, “Oh, stop complaining! It wasn’t that bad!”
She pouted, trying to think of what to say.
“Well…. not exactly…. bad, but I wasn’t prepared for it! I mean… it wasn’t awful, but- you took me off guard! Not that I liked it, mind you!” she added quickly.
He was glad she couldn’t see his expression because it would have been difficult to hide his confusion.  He had never kissed a girl before; at least, not like that.  He wondered what was so bad about his kissing, but just as he was about to question her about it, she pointed.  
“Look! The light’s gone out!”
He looked up at the window, now dark.  Soon they heard the door of number 17 open and two figures stepped out, a man and a woman.  The man took the woman's arm in his and they strolled down the road towards the main square where the State House stood. Jamie and Sarah followed. When the couple reached the corner, their faces were illuminated by the gaslight.
“It’s Dr. Church!” Sarah declared, “But who is she?”
Jamie studied the figure and the face.  She had long reddish auburn hair and she looked very familiar.
“I’ve seen her before!” he cried, “She came to the General’s house yesterday with a message for the General!”
“She’s English?” asked Sarah.
“No, American, I think. You know what this means? She could be  the one who's passing the information to General Gage from Dr. Church!”
“You’re right!” cried Sarah, “And now we’ve got to think of a way to stop them!”

Table of Contents

Chapter 11: Urgent Messages

When Jamie arrived at the general’s house the following morning, Joshua was waiting for him.
“Come inside!” Josh waved impatiently.  Jamie followed him into the carriage house.
“This morning the general had a group of officers come here for a meeting.  When they left, I heard two of them talking and one said something about stopping the rebels who’ll try to alert the people of Concord, because- and I quote-'that’s where all their damn weapons are stored!'”
Jamie’s heart skipped a beat and his mouth dropped open.
“Concord? When?”
“I’m not sure, but it sounded like they were getting ready to leave today!”
Jamie grabbed Joshua’s arm and said urgently,
“Tell Mr. Roberts that I have been delayed, but I’ll come back if I can! And thank you, Josh, for telling me this!  If you’re right, you’ve just saved an entire town!”
Josh grinned and nodded his head, “Right! See you later!”
Jamie ran back to the street and headed straight for Paul Revere’s house on North Square.  He pounded on the front door, and when a youngster answered it, Jamie said, “I need to talk to your father! It’s urgent!”
The small boy looked up at him for a moment, unsure what to do. Jamie reached into his pocket and pulled out a halfpenny, which he handed to the boy.
“Here! Now go get your father!”
The small boy left the door open and ran up the stairs, yelling,
“Father! Father! Mr. Urgent is here and he gave me this!”
From the doorway, Jamie could hear footsteps thumping on the floor above.  Then window above opened and a head poked out.
“Oh, it’s you!” Revere said with relief, “I’ll be right down!”
A moment later, Jamie was standing in the hallway telling Paul what he had learned.
Revere nodded, “Then the rumors Dr. Warren heard were right! He told me that the boats from the transports have all been sent ashore. Do you know if they are going by way of the Neck or the Charles River?”
Jamie shook his head, “No, I don’t.”
“Never mind. We’ll soon find out.  Thank you, lad.  Go and tell Mr. Knox to let the others know that the march will be upon Concord!”
“Yes, sir!” Jamie cried and ran off down the street towards the London Book Shop on Corn Hill.  Running all the way, he arrived in five minutes.  Just as he was about to open the door, a British officer came out.  Jamie stood back to let him through, trying to contain his excitement.  He entered the book shop quietly and spotted Mr. Knox behind the counter talking with a customer. As soon as the customer left, Jamie whispered his message clearly. Mr. Knox listened and nodded his head.
“Concord!” he exclaimed, “I wonder why…”
Jamie continued, “I think it’s because they know about the weapons stored there. There is a traitor among us, Mr. Knox.”
Jamie went on to tell him what Joshua had overheard.
Henry Knox looked alarmed. He said, “Go home and tell Jonathan.”
Although he wanted to tell Mr. Knox about his suspicions about Dr. Church, without proof, he doubted Knox would believe him.
Within twenty minutes, he reached home and found Jonathan in the back field clearing some land for plowing. As soon as Jamie told him the news, he put the horse into the barn and came into the house.  Sarah was stirring a boiling pot on the hearth as her father disappeared upstairs. She turned to Jamie.
“What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be working at the general’s house?”
Jamie told her the news.
“Concord!” she cried, “And they know about the weapons stored there?”
“Yes!”
“Perhaps we should all go and warn them,” Sarah said, “We could -“
“You’re not going to Concord,” Jonathan said firmly as he came down the stairs carrying a long rifle and leather satchel.
He continued, “I’m taking you to the Reveres as soon as we’ve had our meal.  Then I’ll be going on to Concord.”
“But Father-” Sarah protested.
“No buts, young lady.  You’ll do as I tell you. And Jamie,” he turned him, “I’m counting on you to make sure she stays with the Reveres.  When the British come out of Boston, no one will be safe.  We’ll feed the animals before we go and lock the house and barn in case the soldiers come here.”
Jamie said, “Perhaps I should go with you sir. You may need more help-“
“No, not yet.  You’re not old enough yet -“
“I was old enough to fight in the Royal Navy,” Jamie reminded him.
Jonathan scowled, “This isn’t the Royal Navy! And what can you do? Fire a rifle?”
The words stung because Jamie knew that it took two hands to fire one. Seeing the hurt in Jamie’s eyes, Jonathan’s face softened.
“I’m sorry, please forgive me.  I know you want to help, but not this time. I hate to leave, but I would feel better about going if I knew you were with Sarah.”
Jamie felt his heart sinking with disappointment, even anger.  He felt he deserved to be in on the action as much as any of the Sons of Liberty.  After all, he had been the one to tell them the British were marching to Concord!
All through their dinner no one spoke, but when they finished, Jonathan said,
“I should be home by tomorrow.  I doubt the British will try to use force.  They’ll probably just turn around and march back to Boston, like they did in Salem, earlier. But we have to take a stand.  The weapons should all be safely hidden by the time they get there.”
Both Sarah and Jamie were crushed at the thought of being left behind. After packing some clothes, Sarah and Jamie met in the upstairs landing.
“At least we’ll be in Boston and we can follow Dr. Church and that woman,” she conceded.
He nodded, “Unless they go to Concord, too.”

Paul and Rachel Revere welcomed them with open arms. The Reveres had five young children and two teenagers. Their home on North Square had a small barn behind the house, used mainly for storage. The place seemed crowded and noisy compared to the Harper’s home, but it was a happy noise, filled with excited children and a mother who took it all in stride.  
Jamie was glad when Mrs. Revere asked him if he would mind sleeping in the barn.  He would be on his own out there, and able to come and go as he pleased.  Sarah would sleep upstairs in the house with Sara Revere, their thirteen-year old daughter. Sarah hugged her father before he left, and he promised to be home soon.
“Don’t worry,” he assured her, “everything will be all right.”
She kissed his cheek and promised to pray for his safe return.  Jonathan spoke to Paul before he left, and Sarah went out to the barn.  Jamie was arranging his blanket over a pile of hay.
“Do you think they will fight tomorrow, Jamie?” she asked.
“There were so many troops getting ready to march today.  Hundreds.  I don’t think they would be sending that many if they didn't intend to fight.”
Sarah shook her head and hugged her arms in a cold shiver.  
“I’m so worried about Father!  If there’s shooting, he could be hurt- or killed!”
Jamie understood her fear.  He put a hand on her shoulder.
“Try not to worry. You father’s a sensible man. I don’t think he’ll be a target for the Redcoats.  Maybe the people of Concord will let the soldiers search the town.  After all, they’re probably warned by now, and most of the weapons will be well-hidden. I just wish I could be there.”
“At least we won’t have to go to school tomorrow.”
Mrs. Revere called from the house, “Sarah? Are you out there? It’s time for bed, young lady.”
Sarah replied, “Yes, I’m coming!”
She turned to Jamie and smiled, “Well, good night. I hope you sleep well in this musty old barn.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine!”
She picked up her long skirt and ran back to the house.  Jamie lay down and pulled up the blankets. 
He lay there in the darkness, listening to the mice scurrying around the barn and to the occasional meow from a neighbor’s cat.  A dog barked in the distance and the sound of chirping crickets filled the air. His eyes became heavy as he slowly sank into sleep. Then in a pause of night’s litany, he heard the sound of footsteps running.
The footsteps grew louder and closer-then suddenly stopped.  Jamie sat up in the darkness, his eyes wide, and ears straining to hear.
Someone pounded on a nearby door. Jamie peered through the barn door and saw light in the upstairs window.
Leaving the barn, he went into the house through the back door.  A voice in the hallway spoke urgently.
“Dr. Warren begs you to hurry, sir! He must see you immediately!”
“Tell him I’m on my way,” Revere said, grabbing his coat and kissing Rachel.  Jamie looked for Sarah, but all the others were all upstairs, in bed.
“Sir! Can I come? I can’t sleep and I may be of some use to you,” Jamie implored.
Paul Revere clapped him on the shoulder and smiled, “Come along!”
Scurrying like rats through the dark backstreets and alleys, they reached Dr. Warren’s house in a matter of minutes. They were quickly ushered inside.  
Warren said, “I’ve just had word from Billy Dawes that the troops are taking boats up the river.  It looks like they’ll be going by sea. I’ve sent Billy to ride on to Lexington.  But just in case he can’t get past the guards at Boston Neck, I think it would be wise for you to go also, across the river to Charlestown.”
Revere nodded, “Good idea. One of us is sure to get through in time. I’ve made an arrangement with Colonel Conant in Charlestown.  There will be one lantern hung in the belfry at Christ Church if the British cross the Neck, and two if they are going by water.  That way, if I don’t make it across the river, they’ll have the signal in plenty of time to send out their militia.”
Jamie asked, “Can I go with you, sir?”
Revere smiled and said, “There's a long ride ahead of me and I only have one horse waiting in Charlestown.  But I'll take you to Robert Newman’s house, and you may go with him to show the signal light in the church belfry.  He'll need a sharp lookout to warn him if trouble starts.”
Jamie nodded gratefully.
“Let’s be on our way, then,” Revere said, and turned to shake hands with Dr. Warren before leaving.
“God be with you, Paul,” said Dr. Warren.
Revere smiled and replied, “May God be with us all.”

Table of Contents

Chapter 12: Two if by Sea

After they left Dr. Warren's home, they kept under the shadows and ducked down the alleys to keep out of sight from the crowds of soldiers that were moving toward the waiting boats.
Finally, they arrived at another house and went to the back. 
Revere whispered, “There are British soldiers quartered here, so we won’t go to the front door. But I can call Robert.”
Revere cupped his hands together and gave a bird call, and then he tossed a pebble against an upstairs window pane. A moment later, a head popped out and a young man waved at him.  He climbed out of the window and onto a branch of an overhanging tree and slid down, landing on the grass with a thud.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“The Redcoats are going by sea. Do you remember the signal I gave you?”
“Yes. Two lanterns in the belfry. Shall I go light them now?”
“Yes. Jamie here is one of us. He’ll go with you to keep a lookout for trouble. I’m taking a boat across to Charlestown. Good luck!”
“Thanks! Come on, Jamie,” said Robert, “We’ll have to go the back way. The streets are crawling with Redcoats tonight!”
Revere left them to go meet his boat. Robert and Jamie sneaked past patrolling soldiers and soon arrived at the church. Robert produced a key from his pocket and unlocked the side door.  Inside it was as dark as a tomb until Robert lit a candle. 
“I’ll get the lanterns from the closet,” said Robert.
Jamie nodded and followed him.  Their footsteps echoed in the tall, cavernous church. Robert opened a small door and took out two lanterns. 
“If you hear or see anyone coming in, come up quickly to tell me.”
Jamie nodded in understanding.  Robert picked up the lanterns and began to climb the creaky, narrow, wooden stairs to the belfry.  Jamie turned back into the church.  The only thing he could see in the darkness was the white box pews that were closest to him. 
He heard noises from outside.
From a window, he watched a group of soldiers marching past the church, their boots pounding on the cobblestones. The men were loaded down with heavy backpacks, and rifles with bayonets. A voice yelled, “Sergeant!”
An officer on horseback stopped outside the church and dismounted. Jamie watched as he spoke briefly to the sergeant.  The troops continued to march on, but the officer headed straight for the church.
Jamie headed quickly for the stairs to warn Robert. But before he reached them, the church door opened and the officer stepped inside with a protesting squeak from the wooden floor. Jamie ducked down behind a pew and held his breath.
The officer paused at the back of the church, as if listening.  Jamie’s pounding heart throbbed in his ears. He reached down slowly and gripped the handle of his knife, sliding it out silently.  He waited and listened, holding his breath, daring not to make a sound.
The officer took two or three steps down the center aisle of the church, just on the other side of the pew where Jamie was hiding. His heart beat faster as the boot steps reverberated up to the high ceiling and echoed through the church, the wooden floor creaking and groaning under his weight.  
Had he seen the lanterns? Is that why he had come inside?  Would he try to go upstairs? If he did, Jamie knew what he must do, even at the risk of getting caught. He balanced the cold steel blade in his right hand, ready to throw if the man came nearer.
The man took another step forward.  The floor groaned. He paused.
During a long silence, Jamie could hear the man breathing as he held his own breath.  
What should he do? Jamie wondered. If he ran to warn Robert, he would certainly be caught, and Robert would be trapped in the belfry. If he used his knife and disabled the Redcoat, he could escape, but Robert would be trapped.  But if he killed the Redcoat, attacking him from behind, there might be enough time to warn Robert so they could both escape before someone came looking. His heart pounded in his chest like a sledgehammer, and he feared it would betray his hiding place. The idea of killing a man in cold blood terrified him. He thought of his own father, still serving in the British Navy. Was this Redcoat also someone with a family who loved him? Could he kill this man? Should he?
The footsteps started up again, heading away, towards the door.  One, two, three, four, five steps and they stopped.  Jamie heard the creak of the heavy oak door as it opened. The footsteps continued outside as the door thundered shut. A fading echo reverberated throughout the church.
Jamie let out a long breath and peered over the top of the pew.  The man was gone, but he could still hear voices outside of the church. The soldiers continued on down the street.



Two lanterns in the steeple of North Church

Robert gave the signal, then picked up the lanterns and headed down the stairs. Jamie followed him to the rear of the church and up a flight of creaking wooden steps to the balcony where more pews overlooked the main floor below. Robert hid the lanterns behind the pews. He then pushed against one of the upstairs windows, which opened easily.
“There’s a tree outside this window,” he whispered, “We’ll climb down that and hide in the grave yard.”
Jamie nodded and watched as Robert grabbed onto the nearest branch and shimmied his way along the trunk.  Jamie grabbed the branch with the crook of his left arm and swung out, holding onto the trunk with his right hand. He shimmied down the trunk after Robert, across another branch on the other side of the tree, and then dropped down onto the ground.  As soon as he got up, he saw soldiers with rifles trotting along the side of the church.  Robert quickly pushed him down and they rolled behind a grave stone for cover. The moonlight cast long shadows from the gravestones.

The soldiers called to one another, “No one here, sir!”
“Then search inside! And take a torch with you…it’s blacker than pitch in there!”
“Yes, sir!”
They waited until the soldiers had gone before crossing through the graveyard, weaving between the grave stones and heading for a row of bushes along the far edge. Robert disappeared through the bushes and Jamie followed as branches tore at his clothes and scratched his face.  They came through the other side to the back yard of a house and then into an alley.  They moved swiftly and quietly through dark alleys back to Robert’s house where he paused by the big tree in his back yard. Robert said,
“I’d better get back inside in case anyone starts looking for me.  Do you have far to go?”
“I’m staying with the Reveres tonight.”
“That’s not far.  If you cut through the alley back there, cross the street and go down the alley directly across, you’ll come out near North Square.  But be careful crossing the streets. If the soldiers stop you, just tell them you were out with a girl. Act sorry and apologize, and they might let you go.”
Jamie smiled, “All right.”
“And thanks for your help tonight.”
“Sure,” Jamie nodded and ran back to the alley.  He paused at every house corner to watch for soldiers.  He waited until they passed before crossing the street, and once he was through the dark alley, he ran all the way back to North Square.
Safely back inside the barn, he latched the door securely before laying down.  As he listened to sounds of troops marching out of Boston, he wished he could be with Paul Revere, riding to Lexington.
Where would it all lead, he wondered? Did the rebels in Charlestown see the lanterns in North Church tower? Would they be in Concord when the British arrived? Would they fight or surrender in the face of a well-trained, professional British army? 
He sighed and turned over, wishing to be rid of those thoughts. But he recalled how he had played a small part in the events that were happening.  He smiled in the darkness, and let sleep overtake him.      

Table of Contents

Chapter 13: News from Concord

When Jamie and Sarah came to breakfast in the morning, the Revere children were all in an uproar about the latest news.  
“There’s been a battle!” Frances declared.
“I heard there was lots of shooting!” John Revere exclaimed; his young eyes blazing with excitement.
Jamie asked, “Who? The rebels?”
“I don’t know! I only heard the rumors going round when I went out to fetch some milk at the market this morning,” said Paul junior.
“Was anyone hurt?” asked Sarah with a worried expression.
“I heard it was bloody,” Paul nodded, “but we don’t know what happened.”
Jamie looked at Sarah and sensed her alarm. 
“Don’t worry,” he assured her, “Your father will be all right.”
“When is daddy coming home?” asked Joshua Revere, his head barely reaching the table. His sister Sara picked him up and put him into a high chair. Mrs. Revere set plates out of cheese and eggs next to the fresh bread and butter while Paul junior poured milk into tin cups for the children.
“I don’t know, children,” Mrs. Revere said.  Instead of her usual bright self, she too looked worried.  But she straightened herself up and said firmly, “But God is with him, and we must show our trust in Him.  We must do everything to keep ourselves safe and to be ready for whatever comes.”
Paul Jr. sat down and said happily, ‘Well, at least there will be no school today. Our school master left for Concord this morning.”
All the children cheered and Mrs. Revere sat down.
“Then we shall spend the morning in prayer for your father and for all those men who are in Concord and Lexington today.  Please pass the butter, Paul,” she said as the children groaned.
After breakfast, Jamie and Sarah helped to tidy the kitchen and then Jamie told Mrs. Revere that he had to go work with Mr. Roberts.  Sarah said she wanted to go along to see how the painting was coming along.
On the way to the general’s house, Jamie told her all that had happened after she had gone to bed last night.  She was justifiably angry that she had been left out of the action, but knew that Mrs. Revere would never have allowed her to leave the house with Jamie.  And sneaking out of bed at night among so many children would have been impossible.
Regiments of British soldiers were hurrying toward Boston Common, as riders headed for Boston Neck, moving swiftly with purpose.
Outside the governor's house were two armed guards. Jamie showed them the letter Mr. Roberts had given him, and he and Sarah were allowed through.
Inside the house there was a flurry of excitement.  Mr. Roberts was mixing some paint at the entrance of the drawing room and looked at Jamie with an expression of surprise.
“I’m glad you came early,” he said, “There is much to be done today.”
Jamie nodded in understanding.  He could hear the general shouting through the closed door, and he listened closely.
“Get those reinforcements out there now!” General Gates shouted, “If there must be more bloodshed, it will not be ours!  And find that rebel, Robert Newman! As soon as you have him, arrest him! And find Paul Revere! He’s the one who alerted all the militia in three towns that our troops were on the march!  Had he been arrested yesterday as I had ordered, then we would have had the advantage of surprise! And while you’re in Concord, arrest Sam Adams and John Hancock, and bring me that blasted trunk that they keep their traitorous documents in! It will make fine evidence at their trial!  Get everyone out there now and find them and their weapons!”
“Yes, sir!” came the sharp reply. The door opened and Major Cane, the general’s aide, came flying out of the office. Jamie quickly picked up some paint and a brush and pretended to be busy. Sarah moved farther into the drawing room to avoid being noticed.
While Jamie began to paint some of the mural, Sarah whispered, “How did they find out about Robert Newman and about Mr. Revere alerting the towns?”
Jamie looked angry.
“Besides me and Robert Newman, the only ones who knew what we did last night were Mr. Revere, and Dr. Warren.”
“And whoever Dr. Warren told,” Sarah added. Jamie agreed.  Sarah began thinking as she watched Jamie and Mr. Roberts painting.  Finally she said,
“I’m going to Dr. Warren to find out who else knew what was going on. Perhaps he has some news about Father.”
She headed out onto the street.  Walking to Marlborough Street, she soon found the doctor’s place.  
Dr. Warren was an old friend of her father’s and had been one of the Sons of Liberty for as long as she could remember.  He was an intelligent man with a pleasant manner, and she always felt welcome in his presence.  
It was still early and only a few patients were waiting in the front room.  As soon he came out of his office, she asked to speak with him.  He told his next patient to go inside the examination room and wait for him.  Then he led Sarah to his office across the hall where they could speak privately.
“Have you had any news about my father?” she asked.
“No, I haven’t,” he shook his head. “I heard that there has been much blood shed, but most of it is British. I intend to go to Concord after I see my patients this morning.”
She nodded, “If you see my father, tell him…tell him that if he can come home, to please do so.  But if he can’t, I’ll understand.”
Dr. Warren smiled and took her hands and squeezed them gently.
“Bless you, Sarah. I know this isn’t easy for you. It isn’t easy for any of us.  But this struggle had to come eventually. We must all be brave now.”
“I know, but I also came to ask you something else. Who else knew about the signal lanterns in the church last night?”
The doctor rubbed his chin, “Well, there was Paul Revere, of course, and the men who rowed him across the river…and Jamie, Robert Newman, and Dr. Church.”
“Dr. Church!” she exclaimed.
“Yes, why?”
Sarah explained, “General Gates has ordered that Robert Newman be arrested, and has sent out soldiers to capture Mr. Revere for alerting all the towns last night.”
Dr. Warren looked shocked. “What? How could he know?”
“Someone has told him everything! Someone is telling him everything that the Sons are doing and who is involved! There’s a traitor in our midst, and I think I know who it is!”
“Who?” Dr. Warren demanded.
Sarah lowered her voice and her eyes grew wide as she said, “Dr. Church.”
Dr. Warren’s forehead knuckled and he shook his head, “No, no, you’re mistaken!”
“It has to be him! He knew about the lanterns and what Robert Newman was going to do!” she argued.
“It can’t be him!” insisted Dr. Warren, “He’s been with us for years! If he had been divulging secrets to the British, we’d have known it long before now! He’s a good friend of mine.  He’d never betray us!”
“He’s the only one who could have told the general, other than yourself, sir!  Think about it.”
Dr. Warren stood in stubborn silence, his lips pressed together in frustration.  Finally he shook his head, and demanded, “Have you told this to your father?”
“Yes,” she nodded.
“And what did he say?”
She sighed, “Much the same as you, sir.”
He nodded in satisfaction, “Well, I quite agree with him, and I suggest that you not speak of this to anyone else. I suggest you go home and forget all about this crazy idea.”
Sarah sighed with frustration.  Would anyone believe the truth? How could she make them understand?
Dr. Warren opened the door of his office for her.
“I’m sorry, but you must leave now. I have patients waiting and I need to be off to Concord as soon as I can to tend the wounded.  If I see your father, I shall give him your message,” he said, ushering her to the door.  Before she left he spoke in a serious tone.
“And please do not tell anyone else what you told me.  It could do great harm.”
She nodded and mumbled, “Yes, sir.”
The door closed behind her and she was left alone on the steps.  As she headed back to the general’s house, her mind kept working on the problem.  What would it take to convince them that Dr. Church was the traitor?

Table of Contents

Chapter 14: The Battle Fought

When she reached the house, she saw Jamie talking to a tall, dark-skinned teen and he introduced her.
Sarah said, “Jamie told me that you helped him yesterday. It was a brave thing you did, since you work for the general. Thanks.”
Joshua looked around to make sure no one else was near by. He gave a shrug and smiled.
“You’re welcome. You and I have become friends, haven’t we?”
Jamie smiled, "Of course!”
“Have you heard about what happened in Concord and Lexington this morning?” he asked them.
“Only that there were shots fired and some soldiers were killed,” Jamie said.
“Dr. Warren told me that most of those were British,” Sarah added.
Josh nodded and lowered his voice, “There was a big fight all right, and it’s still going on. Word came back that there was a skirmish on Lexington Green. Shots were fired but nobody seems to know who fired first. Some of the rebels were killed and wounded, too.”
Sarah gasped, “Oh no! My father’s there!”
“How do you know all this?” asked Jamie.
“Oh, I’ve got lots of friends who drive British officers and they hear everything. It’s been as busy as market day here this morning. Look! Here comes another!”
A carriage pulled up and the driver brought the horses to a halt.  A marine officer stepped out and hurried up the steps of the house.  The driver pulled into the small lane to the carriage house.
“Whoa!” he called, pulling the horses to a stop.  The driver was a young black man.  He hopped down lightly and sauntered over to the group.
“Hello, Samuel,” Joshua greeted, “These are my friends, James and Sarah.”
Everyone said hello and Samuel smiled smugly, asking,
“Have you heard what’s happening? Everyone’s buzzing about the fighting going on out in Lexington.”
“It’s still going on?” asked Joshua.
Samuel nodded, “Yes, and the British are getting the worst of it.  They’re trying to make their way back to Boston but the Minute Men are shooting them down like turkeys!”
“What about Concord?” asked Sarah, “Has the fighting stopped there yet?”
Samuel shrugged, “I don’t know, but the British are sending in reinforcements. I’d better turn the carriage around and be ready to leave as soon as the colonel comes out. He’s all in a rush today. I’ll see you later, Josh!”
Joshua waved as Samuel started up the team of horses and turned the carriage around.
The officer from the marines came hurrying down the steps and hopped up into the carriage, calling out his next destination. Samuel cracked the whip and the carriage darted off.
Sarah said, “I think I’ll go back to the Reveres’ to find out if there’s been any news about father.”
“I’ll see you at dinner this evening. And don’t worry. I’m sure your father’s all right.”

With a feeling of anxiety, she headed back toward North Square, passing more British soldiers marching towards Boston Neck.  She avoided them and wondered what had happened at Concord.  What about Mr. Adams and Mr. Hancock?  She didn’t know them as well as the others in the group because they had been busy and frequently away in Philadelphia on political business.  But she knew they were both important men in the Sons of Liberty and had supported the idea of separating from Britain.  
She worried about Mr. Revere as well. He had seven children and a wife at home waiting for him.  If anything happened to him, what would become of them?  And if anything happened to her own father, what would become of her?  Would Jamie stay on the farm, or run off to join the militia?
All these thoughts plagued her as she passed the brick buildings along Fish Street to North Square. As she came closer to the Square, she could hear church bells ringing in the distance, coming from every direction, as a call to arms for the colonists.
When she arrived at the Reveres', everyone was doing chores, and Sarah went to help Mrs. Revere in the kitchen.
“Have you heard any news from Concord?” asked Sarah.
Mrs. Revere smiled weakly at her and shook her head.  From the pain visible in her eyes, Sarah realized that she was also worried.  Instinctively, Sarah reached out and touched her shoulder.
“I know,” she said softly, “I’m worried, too.”
“Oh, child!” Mrs. Revere sobbed, her voice breaking with sorrow.  She opened her arms and hugged Sarah.  Sarah felt the woman’s shoulders tremble and tears filled her own eyes.
“We mustn’t lose faith, I know,” Mrs. Revere sniffed, “But not knowing if he’s dead or alive is a very hard thing!”
“Yes,” Sarah said softly, hugging the woman, “I know. It’s very hard.”
One of the youngest boys came running in.
“Mama! There’s a man at the door, and he wants to talk to you!”
Sarah and Rachel looked at one another, almost afraid of what news they would hear. Rachel and Sarah went to the door. A youth of fifteen or sixteen stood wearing mud-splattered clothes, and his shoes were soaked.  His face was red and sweaty.
“Mrs. Revere?” he asked breathlessly.
“Yes?”
“My name is Josiah Clarke. I’ve come with a message for you.”
Rachel studied his face for some clue as to whether the news was good or bad. Finally, she said, “Please, come in.  You look tired. Have you come far?”
“All the way from Lexington, Ma’am.”
He stepped into the house and was taken into the large room where there was a fireplace, a table and chairs. After he sat down, Rachel asked her daughter Frances to bring some cold cider. Everyone sat down, waiting for him to speak.
“The message is from Mr. Revere, Ma’am.  He says to tell you he is fine and doing fair. And to tell you that Mr. Harper is well, too.”
Both Rachel and Sarah sighed in relief with tear-filled eyes. Rachel asked, “Did he say anything else?”
“He is going to try to come home tomorrow night after dark.”
“Can you tell us what happened? Were you there?” Sarah asked.  
The young man accepted a cup of cider from Frances and thanked her.  He drank deeply and sighed with satisfaction. 
“I was at Concord this morning when the British arrived. Luckily, your husband had warned everyone that they were coming, even though he was stopped twice during the night by soldiers. They took his horse, but he got away and ran to Concord to warn Adams and Hancock. The British marched through Lexington, fighting the militia there, and then came on to Concord. 
“The whole town was ready. They’d hidden just about everything the day before. Paul and Mr. Harper helped Mr. Hancock move the trunk with the important papers onto a wagon, and he and Sam Adams left town with it.  By that time we finished burying the cannon in a field, and most of our valuables was already hidden.  A large group of militia came out to meet the British troops on the road from Lexington, with drums and fifes playing on both sides! When they got into town, the British was really hungry from marching all night, so they went into the taverns.  Some big fat major ordered his men to find the weapons and blow up the North and South bridges. Then the British sat around drinkin’ and braggin’ about how they was going to stir up some Yankee blood. There was a skirmish at Concord Bridge, then the British came back into the Square to wait for reinforcements. The fat major demanded that we hand over our weapons, along with Sam Adams and John Hancock.  Then all the bells in Middlesex was ringing, every town was spreading the news that the British had come out to fight, and hundreds of men came out from everywhere to help us. About noon, the major got tired of waitin’ for his reinforcements, so he marched his regulars out toward Lexington.  That’s when they really got hit! You should’ve seen the rebels fight! They picked them Redcoats off like ducks on the fly!”
“But what about the militia? Were any of them killed?”
“In Lexington, about 8 men were killed and another 10 wounded before everybody ran into the woods for cover. Then they came to Concord and fought at the Bridges.  But all the way back to Boston, we kept at ‘em and killed plenty. They’re just marchin’ in at the Neck now. I sneaked in by the river, but I saw them, and boy, they look beat!”
“But Paul is all right? And Jonathan, too?” asked Rachel.
“Yes, Ma’am.  He’d a come home today if he could, but he can’t take the chance.”
Rachel smiled, “Thank you, Josiah, for coming to tell us this good news!”
“Will you be going back to Concord today?” asked Sarah.
“Yes, Miss. My uncle will be needin’ me to work in the tavern while he’s fightin’ the British.”
Rachel handed him some coins.
“Here, take these. I am grateful for your words of hope.  Please tell Paul that he is constantly in my prayers, and that I shall look forward to his return.”
The youth held up a hand, “Oh, no, Ma’am, I don’t want to take your money! Not after what your husband did last night, ridin’ through all the towns and warnin’ everybody that the British was comin’. He’s a mighty brave man to do that! Besides, you may need that money. Well, I’d better get going. Thanks for the cider.”
Frances appeared with a cloth bundle. She handed it to him, saying, “Here are some things to eat on the way in case you get hungry.”
The youth smiled and accepted her gift. “Why, thank you, miss.  That’s mighty thoughtful of you.”
They escorted him to the door and as soon as the door was closed, Rachel sighed with relief, "Thank God they're all right!"

Table of Contents

Chapter 15: The War Begins

Early Friday evening, just after dinner, there was a knock at the back door of the Revere’s house.
“Open up, Rachel, it’s me!” a voice called.
`”Paul!” she cried and pulled the door open.  He stood there with a grin on his face, and was in the house in two strides, throwing his arms around her.  The children all cheered and ran to greet their father. Jonathan came in behind him and Sarah hugged him gratefully.  Jamie was glad to see them.
They locked the back door and Paul asked, “Have the soldiers come here into the house looking for me?”
“No,” Rachel shook her head, “But they’re outside watching the front of the house.”
He nodded, “We saw them and slipped through the back garden.”
“Sit down and have some dinner,” she told them, “We’ve just finished.”
The two men flopped down into chairs at the table.
“You look tired, sir,” Jamie remarked to Jonathan.
Jonathan sighed with exhaustion. “Yes, we’ve come a long way.”
Rachael busied herself fixing some dinner for the two men while everyone sat down at the table to hear the news.  Paul and Jonathan told them all the details of the attacks by the British troops in Lexington and Concord, and their terrifying march back to Boston.
“We must’ve killed scores of them,” Revere said.
“How many were lost on our side?” asked Sarah.
“No more than a hundred,” Jonathan said, “But that’s still too many.”
“There’s going to be a meeting tomorrow morning at John Pulling’s boathouse.  We’ll sleep here tonight, but we won’t be able to stay,” said Revere.
“Where will you go?” asked Sarah.
“We’re setting up a headquarters in Cambridge, just up the river.”

Revere said to Rachel, “You and the children will be safe enough here. With all the fighting in Middlesex, you’re better off here for a while longer, and Paul Junior can run the shop without me.”
Paul junior nodded in agreement. He was often left in charge of the silversmith’s shop while his father was away on business.
After their dinner, Sarah and Jamie told them of the events that had occurred since they left Boston, including those at the North Church. After an hour of conversation, he two exhausted men went upstairs to rest for the night. Jamie said goodnight and went out to the barn to sleep.  He paused at the back corner of the house to look out into the street, and saw two Redcoats pacing back and forth, ready to capture Paul Revere.  

Everyone was assembled at the boathouse the following morning.  Jonathan, Paul Revere, Sarah, Jamie, Dr. Warren, Mr. Holbrook, Dr. Church, Mr. Knox, and John Pulling sat around on wooden crates and casks. Jamie and Sarah noticed Dr. Church and nudged each other to keep an eye on him.
Dr. Warren told everyone that the British had arrested Robert Newman. A shock went through Jamie as he recalled Robert leading him through the dark grave yard.  Paul and Jonathan answered questions about the events at Concord and Lexington and what was now going on.
“Regiments of militia are arriving from everywhere,” Paul told them, “Rhode Island, Connecticut, all over.  They’re bringing wagon loads of supplies and even some gun powder, but there still won’t be enough.”
“And we need more heavy artillery,” Mr. Knox added.
“Have the Southern colonies been told?” asked Mr. Holbrook.
Jonathan nodded, “Yes, as soon as the British retreated, we sent out a fast post rider, Israel Bissel. He’ll go straight through New York and Philadelphia to Charleston, letting everyone know and telling them to be ready to fight.”
Dr. Church asked, “What about John Hancock and Sam Adams?”
“They’re safe,” Revere replied.
“And the trunk of those important papers they were guarding?” asked Dr. Church.
“They’re safely on their way to Philadelphia with Adams and Hancock.”
Dr. Church asked, “But what will happen if they encounter British troops on the way?”
Jonathan spoke, “They’re accompanied by armed guards.”
“By what route will they travel?” asked Church.
Sarah and Jamie exchanged anxious looks at one another.  They knew exactly why Dr. Church was asking these questions and feared what would happen to Adams and Hancock once the information was passed on to General Gage.
“They’ve taken the road to Providence.  Which way they’ll go after that, I have no idea.”
Dr. Church nodded in satisfaction, but Jamie and Sarah both exchanged worried looks. Dr. Warren told the others that he planned to return to Cambridge to treat the wounded.  
Paul Revere announced, “We’ll all have to leave town as soon as possible.  When you arrive in Cambridge, ask for Hastings House, and you’ll be shown the way.  Bring supplies with you because we all may be there a long time.”
Dr. Church said, “I’ll come to Cambridge if I can, but I can’t abandon my patients in Boston.”
Dr. Warren agreed, “Nor can I.  I’ll help as much as I can, but I’ll remain here in Boston to keep an eye on the British and send information to you.”
Revere nodded, “Good. Well, now that you all know the lay of things as they are, I’ll send you home to pack your things.  I shall see you all in Cambridge.”
The men all agreed and stood up to leave.  Jamie whispered in Sarah’s ear,
“We’ve got to follow Church!”
Sarah nodded, “Yes, I know!”
As the men were leaving, Jamie told Jonathan he needed to run an errand for Mr. Roberts.
“May I go with him, Father?” asked Sarah, “I need to buy a few things at the market before we go home.”
Jonathan thought a moment, and then nodded. “Meet me back at the Revere’s house when you are finished.”
She smiled and gave him a hug and a kiss before leaving.
They followed Dr. Church down Marlborough Street, as he headed for Corn Hill, walking fast with his shoulders hunched and head down. The crowded streets were much busier than most Saturdays in Boston.  
“I think he’s going home,” Sarah noted as they walked along, trying to keep Dr. Church in their sight through the thickening crowds. Jamie nodded in agreement and kept up the pace to stay on the man’s trail.  Dashing across the road, they were nearly run over by a British officer on horseback who shouted at them to watch where they were going.  At the State House, they turned left onto King Street and rounded the corner just as Dr. Church disappeared into number 17. They ducked behind the corner of the building and leaned against it to catch their breath.
“What do you think he’s doing in there?”
“I don’t know. We’ll just stay here until he comes out again.”
After about twenty minutes, a figure emerged. She wore a green shawl over her shoulders and carried a string purse on her arm. Jamie’s head jerked up in surprise.  As she approached them from the other side of the street, they hurried behind a brick building and hid.
“It’s the red-headed woman!” Sarah exclaimed. 

Table of Contents

Chapter 16: Interception

A few minutes later, they came out and saw her at the corner by the State House, turning right. After letting a couple of people get ahead of them, they followed the red-headed woman as she passed the State House and crossed the main square.
When she headed toward Boston Common, Jamie said, “I think she’s going to the General’s house!”
“If she’s carrying a message to General Gage from Dr. Church, he’ll know everything!”
“No he won’t,” Jamie declared, “Not if we stop her.”
“But how?” Sarah demanded.
Jamie kept walking as he tried to think of a way to stop her. Finally he spoke,
“You’ll create a distraction.  Stop her and ask for directions.  In the meantime, I’ll cut through the back gardens and get Joshua to help me to steal her purse.”
“Steal her purse?”
“Yes. Just keep her talking and I’ll come up behind her, grab it, and run.”
“But what if you’re caught?”
“I won’t be if Joshua agrees to help me,” Jamie said eagerly, “Now go on, and when she gets around the corner, stop her before she gets to the General’s house.”
Jamie ducked down an alley and Sarah was left with nothing to do but carry out the plan he had hastily devised.  As she followed the red-headed woman, she began to worry about what could go wrong.  What should she say to the woman? What if she refused to stop and talk to her?  All these fears crowded her mind, causing her heart to tumble in panic.
Finally, the woman turned the corner.  Sarah followed, while looking over her shoulder to watch for Jamie.
Jamie ran down an alley and came out behind the row of houses where the General’s house stood.  He cut through the back gardens of several large homes and set more than one watchdog to barking as he charged through hedges and rows of bushes.  Finally he saw the carriage house, hoping Joshua would be there.
An officer was dismounting as Jamie came out from the bushes.  He waited until the officer left his horse with Joshua before he emerged.
“Josh! I need your help!”
Joshua smiled at seeing him, “What’s going on?”
“Plenty! But I need you now to help me stop someone who’s delivering a message to General Gage from a traitor to our cause.”
Joshua asked, “What do you want me to do?”
“I’ll explain on the way. We must hurry!”
Joshua nodded and said, “Let me put this horse inside first.”
Jamie followed him into the stable and helped him get the horse into a stall before leaving. 
“This way! Follow me!” Jamie cried, and Joshua followed him into the bushes behind the carriage house. Along the way, Jamie quickly told Josh his plan, and Josh grinned in anticipation.
“Oh, so I get to be the hero, eh? That’s fine by me!  Just don’t get yourself caught!”
Jamie nodded, “I’ll try not to.  There they are!” He pointed to the road where Sarah was engaged in conversation with the red-headed woman, who was shaking her head.  
Jamie and Joshua went to the corner of a house and hid there.
“Are you ready?” asked Jamie.
Joshua cried, “Let’s do it!”
Jamie nodded and came out from the hiding place, keeping behind the red-headed woman as he came into the road.  Sarah saw him approaching and asked the red-headed woman,
“Pardon me, Ma’am. Do you know where I can find a good baker? I haven’t been able to get a decent loaf of bread in this town anywhere, have you?”
The woman scowled and said, 
“Look Miss, I haven’t got time to stand here all day and talk to you!”
Just as she started to walk ahead, Jamie came from behind and sliced the string purse from her arm with his knife and then grabbed it with the same hand as it fell.  The woman stopped, wondering what had happened.  She whirled around and screamed when she saw Jamie running away.
“Stop him!” she screamed, “Thief! He stole my purse! Stop him!”



Joshua chased Jamie after the purse was stolen.

She began to run after him, but Sarah tugged at her arm, crying,
“No! Don’t go after him! He has a knife! We’ll call the soldiers!”
The woman whirled back to face Sarah, but found Joshua running toward her, shouting,
“Don’t worry, Ma’am! I’ll get your purse back for you!"
Joshua gave her no chance to speak, but ran past her, chasing after Jamie.  Jamie ducked around the corner, ran to the first alley, and skidded into it.  Joshua followed him, and as soon as the two of them were together, Jamie handed him the purse.
“Open it quickly! There should be a letter inside!”
Joshua pulled the strings open and reached inside.  He pulled out a letter sealed with wax, addressed to General Thomas Gage.
“That’s it! Good! Now take the purse back to her. I’ll meet you later at the carriage house.  And thanks for your help, Josh!”
Joshua nodded and waved as he ran back to the woman.

Jamie tore open the folded letter.  To his astonishment, the paper was covered with strange symbols, just like the ones he had seen in the letter Sarah found in the General’s office.
He folded the paper and tucked it safely into his pocket.  He heard a soldier shouting, “He can’t be far! Search the entire area!”
Jamie circled back to the bushes behind a row of houses and found a safe place to hide.  He sat on the ground to catch his breath, wiped the sweat from his brow, and heaved a sigh of relief. 

Two Redcoats came running with their rifles drawn.
Sarah had her arm around the woman’s shoulders, saying,
“There now, don’t worry! I’ll bet that nice young man will get your purse back for you, and the soldiers will find that thief and take him to jail!”
“But there was something important in my purse! If I don’t get it back-“
An officer said, “We’ll find the thief, Ma’am, don’t worry! What did he look like?”
“I- I don’t know! It all happened so fast! He was a young lad, no more than fifteen, I think, and dark-haired.”
Joshua came running toward them, holding up the purse, shouting, “I got it! I got your purse back, Ma’am!”
The officer raised his rifle at the sight of Joshua, but when he saw that it was the General’s groom, he relaxed.
The red-headed woman held out her arms and clutched the purse.
“Oh, thank you! Thank you so much!” she cried.
“Did you catch him?” asked the officer.
“Almost, but he got away. Slippery devil! He took off, running towards Newberry Street.”
The officer nodded, “We’ll search that area.  Thank you for your help, young man.”
He touched his hat to the red-headed woman and left. Joshua grinned with satisfaction at having sent the officer in the wrong direction. The red-headed woman looked inside the purse and Sarah asked, “Was there anything taken?”
The woman rummaged through the bag, saying, “Well, he didn’t get my money, but there was a letter—it--it’s gone!”
“It must’ve fallen out when he was running with it,” Joshua said, “Maybe if you go back down the road and look, you might find it.”
“Yes! Good idea!” Sarah said, “I’ll help you look.”
“Thank you, young man, for your help,” said the woman.
He smiled and nodded, “You’re quite welcome.”
Sarah took the woman by the arm and accompanied her.
“Let’s look carefully as we walk. I can’t imagine that he would want to take the letter. He probably can’t even read!”
The woman nodded, “Yes, you’re probably right. It must be around here somewhere.”
She took the woman down the street and around the corner.  They searched the road for another two blocks in the direction of Newberry St. before Sarah finally said, “I’m sorry, it doesn’t seem to be here.”
The woman nodded with a frown, “This is awful! I must go home right away! Thank you for helping me, Miss.”
Sarah said goodbye and hurried back to the Reveres’ barn where she began pacing nervously as she waited for Jamie.  About ten minutes later, he arrived and latched the barn door securely behind him before taking out the letter. He waited impatiently while Sarah opened it. When her brain registered what she saw, her jaw dropped, and she turned to Jamie in surprise, crying, 
“It’s written in a secret code!” 

Table of Contents

Chapter 17: Decision

“If only we had the key, we could decipher this!” Sarah exclaimed in frustration.
“I don’t think we need to,” Jamie reasoned, “I think we know exactly what it says. It’s probably about the route that Mr. Adams and Mr. Hancock have taken with the trunk.”
Sarah frowned in concentration as she said, “We may have bought Mr. Adams and Mr. Hancock some time to get further on their route, but we haven’t stopped Dr. Church from trying again. Someone needs to warn Mr. Hancock and Mr. Adams that they’re not safe on the road to Providence.”
“Perhaps I could get word to Mr. Revere that I overheard something at the General’s office, and their route to Philadelphia must be changed.”
Sarah nodded, “Yes! I hope we’ll warn them in time!”

The next morning when Sarah and Jamie came down to breakfast at the Harper’s farmhouse, Jonathan Harper was in an unpleasant mood.  He had awakened early, and had breakfast waiting on the table. After saying grace, he looked at both of them and announced, “I had a visitor last night after you two were asleep.”
Sarah spread some fresh butter on her bread and asked, “Oh? Who was it?”
Jonathan took a deep breath, declaring, “Dr. Church!”
Both Sarah and Jamie froze. Only their eyes moved to meet each other’s gaze.
“He was very upset,” Jonathan continued, “Because a friend of his had her purse stolen…from someone who looked very much like Jamie. And a young lady who looked exactly like Sarah Harper was talking to this woman at the time of the robbery. I tried to assure him that it couldn’t have been you because you two are not thieves and would never knowingly break one of God’s holy Commandments!”
Jamie and Sarah looked at each other nervously as Jonathan watched them both, growing angrier by the minute.
“Well?” he demanded, “Are you going to tell me the truth or will you break another Commandment?”
Jamie spoke first, “It’s true. I did steal her purse. But she got it back again right away!”
“And we didn’t take any money, Father!” Sarah exclaimed.
Jonathan’s face grew red, “You stole her purse? Good Lord! Why would you do such a horrid thing?”
“We had to, Father! She was on her way to General Gage’s house to deliver a message from Dr. Church! He was going to tell the General what was said at the meeting yesterday morning!”
“It’s true!” Jamie declared, “We even have the proof! After I took the purse, I found the letter in it addressed to General Gage, so I took it out but left everything else in there, I swear!”
Jonathan demanded, “Where’s the letter?”
Jamie reached into the pocket of his breeches and pulled out the crumpled letter and handed it over.  When Jonathan saw the broken seal, he scowled at Jamie and Sarah.  He opened the letter and frowned.
“What’s this?”
“It’s a secret code, Father!” Sarah said, “That’s how we know he’s been sending information to General Gage!  The red-headed woman is his messenger!”
Jonathan looked at both of them and shook his head angrily, “This isn’t proof! This could be anything!  Who knows what this says?”
Jamie explained, “We followed her from Dr. Church’s home yesterday.  She was on her way to see General Gage again. I’ve seen her once before when she delivered a letter at the General’s office. She’s Dr. Church’s messenger.”
Jonathan tossed the letter onto the table and said fiercely, “I told you before! Dr. Church is not a traitor! And you have no business following him or his lady friend around Boston just because she delivers messages to General Gage!  Did it ever occur to you that perhaps he’s the General’s doctor?  He told me last night that he is! And he keeps that relationship because he wants to help our cause!”
Jonathan stood up and began to pace as he spoke.
“I thought that I could trust the two of you, but I can see that I was wrong.  You’ve been sneaking around following Dr. Church, the man who helped us when your mother and baby brother were ill. You’ve been trying to find him guilty of telling our secrets, even to the point of stealing from his lady. You have disappointed me, Sarah, and Jamie. I see now that you cannot be trusted. So from now on, the two of you will have plenty to keep you busy because there will be extra chores for both of you!  You have embarrassed me in front of my friend, Dr. Church. Spying isn’t a game! It’s a serious and very dangerous business. That’s all I have to say. Now clean up the table because after breakfast you will both be cleaning out the barn!”
As they both stood up, Jamie said earnestly, "Sir, I believe that the route that Mr. Hancock and Mr. Adams have taken could be dangerous. Will you give Mr. Revere that message from me?"
Jonathan hesitated, but realizing the concern he saw in Jamie's face, he nodded, “You have my word.”
“Thank you, sir!”


When Jamie rode into Boston, he passed throngs of people carrying bundles and dragging their children along, heading for Boston Neck.  Some toted carts loaded with clothes and blankets; others rode on wagons piled so high they looked as if they might tip over.  Arriving at the General’s, he met Joshua in the carriage house.
“Where are all those people going?” asked Jamie.
“Oh, they’re leaving…all those who are against the King, that is. Now that there’s a war, they don’t want to be stuck in enemy territory.”
Jamie shook his head, “But where will they all go?”
Josh shrugged, “Who knows? Probably to friends or kin who live outside of Boston.”
There had been just as much activity inside the General’s house with many officers coming and going.  Jamie helped Mr. Roberts put the finishing touches on the mural, and when Mrs. Gage saw the finished product, she was delighted.  She complimented them both on doing a superb job and she paid Mr. Roberts.  Jamie packed up all their supplies and cleaned the area, and then Mr. Roberts gave him some money.
“Here’s your share for the work you did, Jamie. You’re learning quickly and I am happy to keep you as my apprentice, although with the onset of war, I cannot tell for how long.”
“Thank you, Mr. Roberts! That’s very generous of you!”
The old man nodded, “You’re quite welcome.  Come to my house next Saturday for I shall not need you again this week.”
Jamie helped Mr. Roberts take his supplies back to his house before leaving him.  As he walked back to Marlborough Street, he thought about how he would miss going to the General’s house each day, and finding out information that he could take back to the Sons of Liberty.  Without a reason to come into Boston, he wondered how he would ever get proof that Dr. Church was a traitor.
On the streets, the whole town seemed to be going crazy.  Mobs of people were moving in and out of town.  Some of the abandoned houses were being looted, and soldiers chased the thieves to arrest them.  
Jamie looked out over the harbor, and saw a line of Royal Navy ships coming into port.  It appeared that more reinforcements were already on the way. War had begun and he knew that life would never be the same again.  He thought about his family back in England, and wondered if he would ever get to see them. 
He thought about his family with bittersweet sadness.  He missed his mother and grandfather, and recalled the last day he had seen them in Plymouth, England.  He and his grandfather had gone to the local tavern, The Crow’s Nest.  While his grandfather was drinking with friends, Jamie had gone outside to sketch the ships in Plymouth harbor. A group of sailors and a junior officer came over and invited him to see their ship.
It was a grand vessel, a man-of-war named H.M.S. Vengeance, heavily armed, and sitting majestically upon the sea.  He agreed to their invitation, but when he tried to tell his grandfather where he would be, the sailors took him prisoner and kept him in the ship’s hold until they were out to sea headed for the Caribbean.   
Three months later, the ship was attacked by a French privateer, who had sent them limping into Boston Harbor.
Then King George closed the port and no ships were allowed out other than the King’s Royal Navy. 
He worried over the pain that his loss must have caused his family, who probably thought him dead by now.  He had sent two letters, but had no reply and wondered if they ever made it home. Over the past year, he had become accustomed to living in Massachusetts, and had good friends here.  He felt torn between two places, both with people he considered his family. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out the money Mr. Roberts had given him.  In his palm there was enough to take him all the way back home. If he was able to get passage on a ship headed for England, he knew he would never see Sarah or their friends again.
Why did it have to come to war? Why couldn’t the King make peace with the Colonists and try to work things out? Was he an American or an Englishman?  It appeared it was no longer possible to be both.
Like a child torn between two quarrelling parents, if he were loyal to one, then he was a traitor to the other.  When he considered all that the Colonists had been through under King George’s rule, he felt strongly that the Colonists deserved the right to rule themselves.
The rebels were prepared to fight the entire British army and navy for their freedom. Somehow the thought of leaving Sarah and her father now seemed wrong. 
Nearly a year ago when he had almost died from infection after losing his hand, they had taken him into their home and nursed him back to health.  He felt he owed them his life, and the Sons of Liberty still needed his help for their cause.  
Jamie looked at the money in his hand. He shoved it back into his pocket and headed for Roxbury.

Table of Contents

Chapter 18: Dr. Church 

The next morning, Jamie, Sarah and Jonathan drove their wagon to Cambridge.  Jonathan pulled up to a large elegant manor house, and parked among the many wagons and carriages out in front.
“This is Hastings House,” Jonathan announced as he jumped down, “Our new headquarters. I must see Dr. Warren, so come along.”
Sarah and Jamie would have liked to spend some time exploring the town of Cambridge, especially the stately building that Jonathan had identified as Harvard College. 
Inside, the great manor house was crammed. Jamie and Sarah stood in the main foyer, looking up at the beautiful brass chandelier hanging from a three-story ceiling. The gilded framed portraits on the sweeping stairway caught Jamie’s eye. 
Jonathan found Dr. Warren in the parlor, surrounded by people who were all talking at once. Jonathan waved at him and he nodded in reply. 
“Everyone!” announced Dr. Warren, “Everyone, please! Take a chair and sit down. Our meeting will begin in just a few minutes!”
The noise in the large room fell to a murmur and Dr. Warren said,
“Thank you, everyone, for coming.  I know that many of you have traveled a long distance to be with us today and we are very grateful for your support.  Some of you have come from Rhode Island, New York, and Connecticut to help us in our time of need, and your friendship will never be forgotten."
"Let me begin by telling you that we are in the process of trying to establish some order here.  We have many people willing to serve, but we are still getting organized, so please be patient.  As you know, our recent attack by the British has left us with many wounded men.  They are being cared for as best as we can do it, but we are short of doctors and medicines.  If anyone can help us, please tell me now.”
Several people raised their hands and told him how they could help.  A man in the back stood up and spoke.
“I will be most happy to help treat the wounded, but I must go into Boston to retrieve my medical supplies and medicines first.”
Jamie and Sarah recognized the voice and they turned to see Dr. Church standing in the back of the room.
“Thank you, Dr. Church, that would be excellent,” replied Dr. Warren.
Dr. Church nodded and sat down.  Dr. Warren continued.
The meeting went on for another twenty minutes. Jamie spotted Paul Revere and he waved over the heads of the crowd.  When Revere finally made it through the mob, he asked,
“Have you heard the news? The British are arresting people in Boston who are suspected of helping our cause. They’ve arrested my cousin, Ben Hitchbourne, and put him on the prison barge, the HMS Preston.”
Jonathan replied, “You’d better not go back into Boston tonight.”
“I must see Rachel!” Revere declared, “I need some of my things and some money to live on.”
“Where are you staying?” asked Jonathan.
“At the Cooks’ house,” he replied, “and Henry Knox is staying with me.”
“Perhaps we can get a message to Rachael,” Jonathan suggested. Dr. Church suddenly appeared at his side.
“A message? To whom?” he asked.
“My wife, Rachel,” replied Revere, “I need some money and some of my things.”
“I’m going into town to get my medical supplies. I shall be happy to stop at your home and take her a message.”
Revere smiled and nodded, “Thank you. But how will you get out of Boston?”
Dr. Church spoke to Jonathan and Revere, ignoring Jamie and Sarah.
“Most of the guards at the Neck know I’m a doctor, so I can come and go as I please.”
“Good,” Revere nodded, “I’ll write a letter. She may give you some money for me as well.”
Dr. Church nodded, “Of course. I’ll bring it back when I return.”
“Thank you,” Revere nodded. Jonathan simply nodded at Dr. Church when he left them, but Sarah and Jamie exchanged worried looks. 
As soon as they were alone, Sarah said urgently, ““He’s going into Boston! You know what that means!”
“Yes,” Jamie nodded, “He’s going to tell General Gage everything that’s been going on here and our plans to fight the British when they come out. He’s got to be stopped!”
“But how?”
Jamie shook his head, “I’ve got to follow him.”
“But Father said-“
“I know what your father said!” Jamie replied sharply, “But someone’s got to stop Dr. Church! Your father may get angry with me, but I’ve got to take the chance.”
Sarah hated the idea of Jamie going into Boston alone. “It could be dangerous, especially now-“ she began.
“I know! Don’t worry. I’ll be careful.”
They saw Dr. Church leaving at the front door.
“There he goes,” Jamie said.
“But how will you stop him?” she asked.
“I don’t know. I’ll figure out something. I wish you could come, but your father would be furious if you did.”
She opened her mouth to argue, but knew he was right.
She grabbed his arm firmly, declaring, “Be careful!”
He read the concern in her eyes and gave a wry smile, “Don’t worry. I will.”

It didn’t take Jamie long to find a wagon heading into Boston, and he hitched a ride.  Although Jamie had lost sight of Dr. Church, he hoped he would be able to find him again before he sent a message to the general.
It was a warm, sunny day, and the traffic at Boston Neck was heavy.  More people were deserting Boston, and others had left their homes in the countryside for Boston, because no Tory supporters of the King felt safe outside of the city with rebel armies roaming the countryside.  Jamie thanked the driver for the ride and hopped down to walk the rest of the way. 
At Marlborough Street, he crossed the busy road and headed for Dr. Church’s house. He saw no one there and waited for nearly an hour. He wondered if Dr. Church had already sent the red headed woman to the general’s house. He headed over there and found Joshua tending the horses.
“Have you seen that red-headed woman here today?”
“You mean the lady whose purse you stole? No, I haven’t. No sign of her man, Dr. Church, either.”
“Well, then,” Jamie replied, “I’m going over to the Revere’s house. See you later!”
North Square was filled with military men in red and blue uniforms.  At the Revere’s, Jamie rapped upon the wooden front door and Mrs. Revere grinned broadly when she saw him.
“Jamie! Come in, lad! It’s good to see you!”
The children gave him a noisy welcome. Mrs. Revere hustled him into the kitchen and sat him down at the table.
“You must be starving! Tell me, have you seen Paul?”
“Yes, just this morning. He’s very well and has sent a letter to you through Dr. Church.”
“Yes, he delivered it, and I sent along a reply and a hundred and twenty-five pounds as well.”
“What?” Jamie became worried, “But aren’t you worried that something may happen to it?”
Mrs. Revere smiled, “Oh, no! Dr. Church is a most trustworthy gentleman. He’ll do right by us. Now try some of this rabbit pie.  Will you be staying the night?”
Jamie hadn’t thought of it, but decided it might be a good idea.
“If you have room-“
“Oh! Certainly! We’ve more than enough room! You’ll stay with us, Jamie.”
All during his meal, Mrs. Revere and the children chattered on about how things had been going since the battles at Lexington and Concord. Neighbors were saying goodbye to friends. The goods at the market were in such high demand that prices were soaring, and what was available was of poor quality. Some shops were closed and boarded up as their owners had left town. Mrs. Revere complained of the awful price she had to pay for a bit of tough meat.
“But I don’t imagine we’ll be here much longer, as Paul said in his letter. He intends for us to join him in Watertown soon.”
Jamie’s eyes widened with interest, but as he was about to ask a question, there was a sturdy knock at the door. All the children raced to see who would be the first one to open it and Mrs. Revere scurried after them.
“It’s for you, Jamie!” cried Mrs. Revere over the rowdy voices of the children.
When Jamie went to the door, he found Joshua standing there with his hat in his hand, smiling politely, although looking somewhat uncertain over all the fuss that the children were making over their visitor. Jamie went outside and closed the door behind him.
“What brings you here?” he asked.
“I thought you’d want to know. I saw Dr. Church leaving the general’s house, just a short while after you left.”
“So he was there!”
“Yes, and a young man met him at the door.  He had wavy, red hair and lots of freckles. I tried to follow them on foot, but they had a horse.  I lost them on Marlborough St., so I came straight here.”
Jamie nodded in understanding.  
“Do you know who that young man was with Dr. Church?”
“No, but I’ve seen him around before.”
Jamie felt a rush of gratitude. He held out his hand and Joshua shook it.
“Thanks. I’ll report everything that’s happened when I return to Roxbury.”
Joshua explained, “I’d better get back to the general’s house. If I’m away for too long, Mr. Heath will notice.”
“I hope to see you again soon.”
"So do I, but I won't be working for the general after this week. I've joined the rebel army. I'm going to help drive the British out of Boston!"
Jamie grinned and shook Joshua's hand furiously.
"That's great news! Then I'll be seeing you in Watertown!"
Joshua nodded and waved as he jogged away.
Jamie sighed heavily. He wondered what Dr. Church would do now that he had informed General Gage of the rebels’ plans. 

Table of Contents

Chapter 19: Church Disappears

Jamie found another ride out of Boston in the morning, and arrived at the farm when Sarah was washing the breakfast dishes. He told her everything he had learned about Dr. Church, and she became alarmed.
“We’ve got to warn Mr. Revere not to trust Church!” she exclaimed. 
Jamie regarded her pensively as thoughts simmered in his head. 
“Your father will probably give us chores to do.”
She smiled, “I also heard him say he has to go to Cambridge tomorrow. And since we may not be safe here alone, he’ll just have to take us with him, right?”
Jamie smiled and shook his head, “You’re so clever!”
“Well, one of us has to be!” she teased.
He picked up a saucer from the tub of dishwater and flung water at her, dousing her hair. Sarah screeched and swatted him with the dish towel repeatedly until he surrendered in helpless laughter.

The next day when they arrived at Hastings House, the grounds were crowded with wagons, carriages and horses.  In the distance, Jamie saw hundreds of men drilling in formation, and some were loading and firing their weapons. 
While Jonathan went to find Dr. Warren, Jamie and Sarah searched the house for Paul Revere.  Mr. Holbrook greeted them warmly, and when they asked if he had seen Paul Revere, he looked over the heads in the room and called to him.
Revere weaved his way through the crowd to join them.
“It’s good to see you again. Where’s Jonathan?”
“He’s with Dr. Warren. But we must speak with you,” replied Sarah.
“Sir,” Jamie looked around, then asked quietly, “Did Dr. Church bring you a letter from your wife?”
Paul frowned and shook his head, “Why, no. He told me that when he delivered my letter, Rachel was not at home, so he left it with my daughter Sara.  He said that he stopped by again on his way out of Boston but no one was there.”
Jamie and Sarah exchanged wide-eyed looks.
“Why do you ask?” prompted Paul.
Jamie explained, “Because I saw your wife and she told me that she wrote you a letter and enclosed one hundred and twenty-five pounds for you and gave it to Dr. Church. He went to General Gage’s house and delivered her letter into the General’s hands.”
Revere cried in disbelief, “Dr. Church? You must be mistaken! Did you see him go into the general’s house with the letter?”
“Well, no, not I…but his groom saw him leaving the General’s house.”
“Who’s the groom?”
“A good friend of mine, Joshua, who has given me information about what’s been happening at the general’s house.”
Paul folded his arms across his chest, looking pensively at each of them. Finally, he asked, “When did you last speak to Rachel?”
“Yesterday morning,” replied Jamie.
“And you saw Dr. Church take a letter from Rachel to General Gage?”
“Well,” Jamie paused, “I didn’t actually see the letter in his hand, but Mrs. Revere told me that she wrote one and gave it to him!” Jamie insisted, “And I have no idea where he is now.”
Paul Revere began to pace the small room, rubbing his hand over his chin.
“Nor do I.  Perhaps I should write another letter to Rachel.  Are you able to get into Boston again?”
“Yes, I have a note from Mr. Roberts.”
Jamie reached into his pocket and showed it to him.  Pleasant surprise grew on Revere’s face.
“Ah! This is wonderful! Perhaps you can get some things for me!” Revere exclaimed, “I need my engraving supplies from my shop.  Paul Junior will know what to send. And I will give you a letter for Rachel telling her what you have told me. Wait while I write the letter and you can take it to her tomorrow.”
They were ushered into a library where Paul sat down and quickly scratched out a letter for Rachel. 
Sarah leaned to Jamie’s ear and whispered, 
“I want to go with you to Boston!”
“But how can you? You have no written permission to get past the guards. And your father will never let you go.”
“Then I’ll sneak out! He’ll be away all day working on the redoubt in Roxbury. He’ll never know that I’m gone, and I’ll return in time to make dinner.”
“But how will you get past the soldiers?” Jamie asked.
Sarah sat thinking as Jamie waited. The only sound in the room was the scratching of Revere’s quill upon paper.
Then slowly, her eyes lit up with excitement.
She smiled confidently, stating, “Don’t worry. I have a plan.”  

Table of Contents

Chapter 20: The Code is Broken

Back home that evening, as soon as the dishes were done and the kitchen was tidy, Sarah and Jamie went outside to talk privately in the barn.
“I have something to show you!” Sarah exclaimed, digging the papers from her pocket.
“What is it?” 
“The coded letter! I think I’ve figured out some of the words on it!”
Jamie took the letter and examined it. Looking at all the strange symbols on the paper, he couldn’t imagine how it could possibly have been done.  
“I began thinking about what the most common small words were in English, “ Sarah explained, “and I came up with the, to, in,  is, are, was, be, of, I, a, an, and as. Then I looked for groups of symbols in the letters that were 1 to 3 symbols long.  Then I started a separate letter on this paper, making blank lines for symbols that I have yet to decipher, and filling in all the symbols that represented “I” or a.  Then I thought that the word the usually comes after another short word, like to, at, or in. Once I thought that I had found all the words of the, I filled those into the blanks, and used the symbols for t, h, and e to fill in the rest of those blanks. And then I began thinking about words that had double letters, like ee, or oo, and tried different combinations until I came up with words that make sense. For instance, look at this word here-” 
She pointed to her own copy where she had written T_ _ _ _ _.  
“First I tried the vowels that have doubles and the only letters that come in doubles are ee and oo.  I mean, you almost never see an aa or an ii, do you?  So I tried T_ E E _ _, but I couldn’t think of any word that has six letters that is spelled that way, can you?”
Jamie shook his head, “No.”
“Then I tried T _ OO_ _ _ and I thought it could be the word TROOPS. That makes sense, doesn’t it? I mean, if Dr. Church is giving information to General Gage, it most certainly might include information about our troops, wouldn’t it?”
Jamie drew in his breath when the realization hit him, “Why, yes, it would!”
“Now, if that word is correct, I now have the letters for the symbols R, P, and S. So I’ve filled them in on my copy here.”
She showed him how she now had determined the words are and at because she had learned the symbols for R and T. 
“And look at this!” she cried, “Putting in all the letters I’ve figured out from those symbols, here’s a word I think we can guess at: _ OR_ _E_TER.  I think it could be Dorchester!”
Jamie silently spelled out the word with the blanks that were on her paper and declared,
“Yes! It must be!”
“And here’s another word: RO_ _ _R _.  That’s a seven letter word that begins with RO, which could be Roxbury!”
“And that could mean that he intended to tell General Gage all about our plans for building redoubts in Roxbury!”
He looked at her in amazement, “Sarah! This is incredible! We’ve got to show this to someone! Someone who might listen to us and believe us! But who?”
She paced up and down, then stopped.
“I think Paul Revere may believe us,” She declared.
He nodded in agreement and regarded her thoughtfully. As he studied her face, she saw something in his eyes.
“Jamie, why are you looking at me like that?”
“Like what?” he asked.
“Like you just did.”
He flushed with embarrassment, then stammered, “Oh, that, well, it’s just that I can’t believe it. I mean, you figured out the code! To me it just looks like a bunch of odd shapes with no meaning.  But you did it! That’s amazing!”
Warmed by his admiration and praise, she smiled.
“Well, it did take me quite a long time. Hours and hours! And I only have a few words figured out.”
“But you did it!” he insisted.



Sarah's code decipher

She simply smiled.  He suddenly felt like he wanted to take her in his arms and hug her for what she had accomplished, but he remembered the night she had punched him painfully on his arm and had second thoughts.
“We’d better go back inside now. It’s getting dark,” she said, breaking the moment of silence that had grown between them when neither of them knew what to say or do next.
“Yes, I guess so,” he nodded and followed her back to the house.  All the way back to the house, Sarah felt pleased that Jamie had appreciated what she had been able to do. Before going into the house, she said, “I’ll work on it some more tonight when I go to bed. I’ve been staying up late in my room at night, trying different combinations of letters to get words. It’s still going to take a lot more time, though.”
He said, “Tomorrow when we show this to Mr. Revere, he’s got to believe that Dr. Church is a traitor!”

Jamie was dreaming.  He was back on board the H.M.S. Vengeance, carrying casks of gunpowder up from the magazine three decks below, and the cannon were exploding, rocketing balls across the water.  He could not go faster, although he knew he must.  His body felt as if he were running through waist-deep water.  He broke out in a sweat, his heart pounding fiercely from the effort. A cannon ball whistled overhead, growing louder as it sailed through the air, directly at him. He tried to run away, but he fell.
He suddenly bolted upright in his bed, gasping and sweating.
Thunder echoed in the far distance and he wondered if he were still dreaming.
Thunder? He thought. He knew the sound of cannon very well, and this was no dream. It was coming from outside the house, but far away. He leaped out of bed, pulled on his clothes, and dashed downstairs.  
Jonathan was standing by the table, hastily gathering supplies, musket and powder. 
He explained, “The British are attacking Bunker Hill, so I must leave.”
“I’m coming with you,” Jamie said firmly.
“No!” Jonathan said sharply, then softened his voice, “No, Jamie. You must stay with Sarah. I’m depending on you to protect her while I’m gone.”
Jamie was about to speak, but Jonathan gripped his arms and faced him squarely.
“I know this is a lot to ask of you.  But she has no one else to turn to.  I cannot be in two places, and since I must fight for the cause, I have no one but you to help me.  Will you do as I ask?  Stay with her? Please?”
Jamie could not refuse the man who had saved his life a year ago when he had been carried into the house half dead.
“Yes, sir. I’ll stay with her.”
Jonathan smiled briefly, “Thanks. And if you should need any help, the Richardsons are close by.”
“I’m sure we’ll be fine.  But we must go to Cambridge and speak to Mr. Revere. I have a message from his wife.”
Jonathan nodded, “All right. I don’t know if I’ll be home tonight or-“
He paused and Jamie knew that he couldn’t say when he’d be coming home…if ever.
Sarah came downstairs in her bare feet wearing her flannel night gown.
“I heard voices.  Father, are you leaving already? Have you had any breakfast?”
“There isn’t time. I’ve packed some food for the day. I’ll eat later. I must hurry.”
“I can hear gunfire. Has the battle begun?”
“Yes,” he said, going to her.  He looked into her eyes, searching for the words that wouldn’t come.  Finally, he took her into his arms and hugged her tightly, stroking her soft brown hair. She was all that he had left, and he would do anything to protect her, even sacrifice his own life, if necessary. 
A year ago he would never have believed that such a thing could happen; that he would be shooting at his fellow countrymen.  And all over the right to be free, which should be any man’s birthright, he thought. No one should have to kill another man just to be allowed to live in freedom, but too many people were suffering at the hands of the king and his army. Someone had to stop them.
The sun would soon be blazing in the June sky. Instead of planting the newly-ploughed earth, Jonathan was heading off to take his place among the rows of ragged men defending their land. In his place, Sarah and Jamie would have to do all the farm work. 
Sarah knew that he was going off to war, and that anything could happen to him.  Her throat constricted and tears sprang to her eyes. She threw her arms around him and held onto him tightly, as if she would never let him leave her. 
After a minute, he pulled her away gently, cringing at the sight of her tears.
“I must go now, Sarah. I must. You understand, don’t you?”
“Yes,” she squeaked, as the tears slid down her cheeks, “But be careful, Father! I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you!”
He smiled weakly. “I’ll try my best to come home as soon as I can. I’m leaving you in Jamie’s care. The neighbors have all offered to help you in any way they can. And trust in the Lord, Sarah.”
“I’ll pray for you every day, Father, morning and night!”
“If God is with us, then we have nothing to fear,” he smiled, as tears filled his own eyes. His lips brushed her cheek and he stroked her hair softly.
She wiped away her tears, and tried to smile bravely as he went out of the door. Jamie and Sarah ran out to the front step to watch as he galloped down the rutted lane towards Charlestown.
Sarah tried not to cry.  Jamie remembered how he had felt the day he was taken from his home in England, knowing that might never see his family again. He put his arm around her shoulders.
“Don’t worry, Sarah. I’m sure your father will be all right.”
She sniffed and stifled a sob, but could only nod her head.  
“Let’s get our chores done so we can go to Cambridge. We’ll find Mr. Revere and show him the code that you’ve figured out.”
She smiled at him gratefully, “Yes! That’s a good idea. I’ll get dressed.”
She ran upstairs while Jamie set about getting the fire started to make breakfast.  He realized that he was the man of the house now, and it was up to him to see that things were done properly. Jonathan might return home by the end of the day if the battle ended quickly, but there would certainly be more battles to fight. 

Table of Contents

Chapter 21: Battle at Bunker Hill

When cannon balls landed, Joshua felt the resounding thumps in his chest. He covered his head from the shower of dirt and rocks pelting his back and shoulders.
“Hold your fire! We have no bullets to waste! Every ball must find a Redcoat and bring him down! Keep on digging, and when they get here, we’ll be ready for them!” shouted Colonel Prescott.
They kept on digging as the cannon balls smashed into the earthen walls, stopping only to duck and cover their heads. Within an hour, boats filled with British Marines filled the harbor as the ships’ cannon maintained a steady barrage of fire. Barges towed heavier artillery to the shore.  As the boats glided onto the shore, the men leaped out, splashing through the shallows and up onto Breed’s Hill. Boat after boat came upon the shore, until there was a mass of moving red bodies, all part of one monstrous and dangerous beast.
Major Pitcairn led the British marines up the embankment, marching them in ranks, much the same as they had in Lexington.  There were no trees to provide cover, only an open beach sloping up the hill to the rebels’ fort. So far, not a single shot had been fired at them.
Behind the American trenches, Colonel Prescott was joined by another colonist on horseback.
“Dr. Warren! Do not come so close to the trenches!” he warned.
Just as he finished speaking, another cannon ball whistled overhead and smashed down just yards away, spooking their horses.
Dr. Warren pulled in the reins and held up his pistol, shouting, “I didn’t come to watch, but to fight!”
“Then help me spread the order to hold their fire!” shouted Prescott. The Doctor wielded his horse around and shouted to the men to hold their fire. Another horse pounded up the hill and someone shouted his name.  Jonathan Harper joined him, shouting orders to the troops.
Among the rebel fighters were Joshua LaBlanc and his tent mate, Peter. They were lying on their bellies in the soft earth, watching the Redcoats marching purposefully towards them, their bayonets gleaming in the morning sun.
“I can shoot ‘em from here!” Peter protested, “I don’t need to hold my fire!”
“Best do as the colonel says,” Joshua replied, “We got to make this powder last!”
Joshua’s heart pounded fiercely as his sweating palms gripped the cold steel barrel of his musket. The Redcoats came nearer and nearer, hundreds of them moving up the hill.  Joshua's musket was loaded and ready to fire, but his hands shook.  Twenty feet…fifteen…ten…How much closer would they be allowed to come?
The soldiers marching towards them had no cover.  It would most certainly be a slaughter.
Then the order finally came. 
“Fire!” 
Guns exploded and the front row of Redcoats went sprawling to the ground.  
Joshua tried to reload, but couldn’t keep his eyes off the oncoming soldiers, marching closer, coming faster.  He dropped his ball and his fumbling fingers tried to grab another one.  He nearly dropped his powder packet, and his hands were shaking so much that he could hardly pour it into the musket’s firing pan. He aimed and fired again, and another Redcoat fell and rolled down the hill.
Jonathan and Dr. Warren moved up front to join the fighting.  Dr. Warren fired both of his pistols, and while he was reloading, Jonathan fired his musket.  
They kept firing and reloading until the powder was gone, and then they moved back to another position, while those who still had powder left kept on shooting.  When their powder disappeared, Colonel Prescott moved his troops farther back. 
Soon, the Redcoats spilled over the wall, and the rebels shouted and charged, swinging their muskets at them.  They batted at the bayonets and wrestled them from enemy hands.  Man to man, they plunged, stabbed, and clubbed each other. Dr. Warren shouted for the men to retreat.  
Jonathan swung his musket at a Redcoat as the man lunged at him with his bayonet, knocking the rifle from his hands.  The Redcoat drew his knife and slashed at Jonathan’s face. He swerved and felt the blade slice his arm.  Losing balance, he fell backward, stumbling over a body. Another Redcoat aimed his musket directly at Dr. Warren.
“No!” Jonathan screamed, scrambling to his feet.  But there wasn’t time. Jonathan’s scream was lost in the explosion. Dr. Warren clutched his face and dropped to his knees. 
As Jonathan ran to help, another Redcoat clubbed him on the back of the head.  He gasped, grabbed his head, and pitched over the body of Dr. Warren. The Redcoat ran onward, leaping over the bloody bodies strewn upon the ground.
“Retreat!” Colonel Prescott screamed, and the rebels ran back, disappearing into the marshes and woods surrounding Charlestown.
The British were recalled to the boats once they had chased the rebels from Breed’s Hill and nearby Bunker Hill.  The rebel army was scattered, but it soon reassembled two miles away in Cambridge.  Even though the British had taken both hills, they had not broken the spirits of the men who had fled from them.

Back in Cambridge, Jamie and Sarah were facing the reality of war.  Wagons of wounded men were brought back to a tent at headquarters for medical treatment.  
They found Paul Revere at Hastings House, making arrangements to have more wagons sent out to the battle grounds.
Jamie waited to speak to Revere, and asked him,
“Did Mrs. Revere tell you about the letter and the money she tried to send you?”
“Yes. And I asked Dr. Church about it.  He said he gave it to you.”
Jamie’s mouth dropped open, “Me? He never gave anything to me!”
“Well,” Revere said cautiously, “That’s what he said.”
Sarah spoke up, “I swear to you, Mr. Revere, that is not the truth!”
“It’s true!” Jamie insisted, “Gage’s groom saw him leave the General’s house!”
Revere dropped into a chair amid the chaos and confusion in Hastings House and shook his head.
“I could have sworn he was telling the truth-“
“He has not told the truth about many things, sir,” Jamie stated, “He’s been informing the general of our every move.  We even have a coded letter that was taken from his messenger, a red-headed woman who tried to deliver it to the general.”
Sarah produced the letter and explained, “I’ve been working out the meaning on this piece of paper. I couldn’t get all the symbols, but I think I have some of the words figured out.”
Revere took the letter in his hand and studied it. He still could not believe what he saw.  But why would they make up such a lie?
“How did you manage to figure out the words?” he asked.
“Well, it’s rather hard to explain,” she said, “But I can show you when you have the time.”
Another man interrupted them and asked Revere if he had another wagon to spare to bring back the wounded.
“No, they’re all being used,” Revere said, shaking his head.
“We have one!” Sarah interjected, “You may use ours!”
Paul Revere looked at her in surprise, “Are you sure? Your father-“
“My father would offer it to you himself if he were here and not fighting in the battle,” she said turning to Jamie, “And Jamie here is a good driver.”
Jamie nodded, “Yes, sir. I can drive the wagon for you, if you like.”
Revere started to speak, but the other man interrupted again.
“By God, if you can help us, lad, we’d be mighty grateful!”
“Of course, I will!” Jamie exclaimed.
Revere handed the letters back to Sarah, saying, “I am too busy to think of this now. Perhaps later.  Besides, Dr. Church has been sent to Philadelphia, so he won’t be a problem here for us.”
“But he can’t be trusted, sir! You must know that!” Sarah insisted.
Revere nodded, “We’ll talk of this later, after the battle is done. In the meantime, Jamie, you can go with Mr. Stark here, and he’ll show you the way.” Mr. Revere turned to Sarah. 
“The doctors could use some help in making bandages.”
Sarah nodded, “Yes, of course I’ll help!”
“Good,” Revere smiled and turned to the man at his side, telling him, “Take her to Dr. Jeffries and then tell Jamie where to take the wagon.”
Mr. Stark nodded and waved for them to follow. Sarah took the letter back and returned it to her pocket. The letter would have to wait.

Jamie helped Mr. Stark hitch another horse to the wagon while Sarah found Dr. Jeffries, and he set her to cutting and rolling bandages with two other women. Jamie promised he would check in with her during the day.  Mr. Stark pointed to the road that led directly to Charlestown Neck, only a couple of miles away.  Jamie climbed back on the wagon and gave the team a whistle.
When he arrived at Charlestown Neck, he found a narrow road like a bridge to Charlestown. Coming towards him were hundreds of soldiers, some limping and bleeding, and leaning on their comrades for strength. 
This was the face of war he had seen while in the Navy: the faces shining with blood, sweat, and grief; the dazed and pain-filled eyes of men who had narrowly escaped death.
He nudged the wagon to the far right, out of the way of the bedraggled throng.  He followed the road along the waterfront, past the stacked wooden houses of fishermen and merchants. The sky was filled with the blackened smoke, stinking and rotten, mingled with the stench of death and the echo of gunfire in the distance. Jamie looked down at his shortened left arm and remembered the day it had happened as if it was yesterday.  It was a nightmare that he had often relived in his dreams. One minute he was hurrying to the gun deck carrying a keg of powder and the next, an explosion brought the rigging down upon him, knocking him unconscious.
Driving the wagon, he came to a fork in the road. One led to Bunker Hill, and the other to Breed’s Hill.  There, spread out upon the ground along the road and up the side of a knoll, were the beaten men, too weak to stand. 
Jamie jumped down from the wagon and two men helped him to load the wounded. He tried to be as gentle as he could, but some cried out in pain at his touch. When the wagon was completely full, he turned it around and headed back for Cambridge.
All that day and into evening, Jamie made continuous trips moving the wounded back to Cambridge.  He stopped once to check on Sarah and found her among the rows of moaning wounded, giving them water or sponging their faces.  
After his last trip, Jamie returned to find Sarah again.
“Has there been any sign of my father?” she asked, brushing back her hair with her hand, looking tired and sweaty.
“No. I’ve asked around. A few men told me they had seen him early on in the battle, but not recently.”
“Well, he hasn’t been brought here,” she said in a worried tone.
“I’m sure he must be all right,” Jamie said, forcing hope into his voice. “Perhaps he’s home already, waiting for us. I’ll look around the camp before we go.”
“I’m coming with you,” she said, and he nodded.
They went from tent to tent, asking for anyone who had seen Jonathan Harper. They drove up to Hastings House and asked for Dr. Warren.  One of the soldiers frowned at them, asking,
“Are you his kin?”
“No, but we’re looking for my father, Jonathan Harper. He’s a friend of Dr. Warren’s.”
The man’s lips tightened.
“Well, then I’m sorry to tell you that Dr. Warren was killed in today’s battle. I don’t know about your father, Miss. I’m sorry.”
Jamie and Sarah looked at each other in disbelief.  It seemed so impossible. How could Dr. Warren be dead, when they had spoken to him just recently?  But another man sat behind his desk, they realized that it was terrifyingly true. What about Jonathan? Had he been killed as well?
They asked every soldier they saw, but no one knew the answer. Finally, they found a man who had marched up to Charlestown in the same group with Jonathan, and he remembered seeing him and Dr. Warren on Breed’s Hill, but had lost sight of them both once the British flooded the trenches and chased them back.
Sarah was sick with fear.  Since her father was not among the wounded or those who had survived, she could only assume the worst. She felt Jamie’s arm over her shoulder as he guided her back towards the door.
“Come on, let’s go home,” he said, and they drove back to the farm in solemn silence.
All the way home, Sarah held on to the hope that her father would be there, looking tired and dirty from the day’s fighting.  But when they opened the door, the house was dark and cold.  Her hopes died and her heart filled with anguish.  She sat down at the kitchen table and put her head down, letting the tears fall.
Jamie sat down next to her and said, “Your father faced this battle with bravery and fought because he believed it would make a difference… a difference for you and for everyone else who would live here in the years to come. So we could be free, Sarah.  He did it…because he loves you, and he loves this country. But we mustn’t give up yet.  Someone will know where your father is.  We just have to keep looking.  We’ll find him somehow, I promise you!”
She stifled a sob and nodded.
“Thanks,” was all she could manage.
He stood up. “I’ll make the fire if you can manage to cook us some eggs for supper.”
She nodded, wiping away her tears.
“Yes, I can manage that.”
Jamie nodded in satisfaction and busied himself with setting the fire in the hearth.  But as he worked, he kept his thoughts and his doubts to himself. Tomorrow might bring answers that he didn’t want to have.

Table of Contents

Chapter  22: Searching for Jonathan

When they returned to Cambridge the next day, they found Mr. Holbrook at Hastings House and asked him if he had seen Sarah’s father.
“No, I haven’t. He didn’t come home last night?” he asked anxiously.
“No,” Sarah shook her head slowly. She looked tired and worn, as if she hadn’t slept at all, and Mr. Holbrook put his arm around her shoulder.
“Come with me,” he said, leading them outside.  They climbed into the wagon and drove to Colonel William Prescott’s tent in the army camp.  After speaking with an aide, they were allowed in to see the colonel. When the colonel was told that Sarah’s father was missing, he told his aide to bring him “the lists”.  After scanning the lists, he said,
“Jonathan Harper’s name is not among those listed as dead.  And since you did not find him among the wounded, there are two possibilities. Either he was killed and no one found his body, or he was taken prisoner by the British. Since the British has taken Charlestown, I can’t send anyone up there to look for him. I’m sorry.”
Sarah mumbled her thanks and climbed back into the wagon with the others. After they returned Mr. Holbrook to headquarters, Sarah sat staring ahead in silence, crushed by disappointment.  
Jamie turned his wagon back toward the camp.
“Where are we going?” she asked, as he continued on past the Green.
“To Charlestown. Maybe the British know something.”
Sarah looked intently at him, knowing they would be taking a risk.  But she didn’t care about the danger.  They had to find out the truth.
Charleston Neck was crowded with British soldiers, and two armed guards waved them to a halt. Jamie explained why they had come. 
“You’ll have to leave the wagon here, but I’ll let you go ahead on foot. If you find him among the dead, you can take the wagon up to get his body.”
After pulling the wagon off to the side of the road, they climbed down. They walked the remaining distance, passing Redcoats who were lifting their fallen comrades from the smoky, silent battlefield.   Another team of workers dug graves near the trenches.
Jamie stopped to ask a soldier where the Americans were.  He pointed to a row of corpses lying beside a split rail fence,
“Over there, most of ‘em. We ‘ain’t ‘ad the time to bury ‘em yet.”
They walked up the grassy hill to the fence and saw the long line of bodies lying side by side.  They walked quietly past the silent corpses, as if afraid of disturbing them from their slumber of death, and searched each face. When they reached the last man, Sarah released a sigh.
“He’s not here.”
“No,” Jamie said, “Let’s go.”

Jamie tossed and turned in his bed that night.  They had spent the rest of the day taking care of the animals and bringing in wood for the fire, but neither he nor Sarah had talked much. He didn’t know what to do or say to her to ease her pain.  Before going upstairs to his room that night, he paused to say, “Don’t give up yet, Sarah. He may still be alive. Remember what he told you before he left?”
She looked at him with sad eyes and nodded, “Yes, I remember. It’s just so hard to trust in God.  Where is he, Jamie?”
“He’s still alive, and I won’t give up searching for him until he’s found.”
“But what can we do? We’ve looked everywhere! He should be home by now!”
Jamie nodded and touched her shoulder gently, “Let me think on it. I’ll figure out something. I promise.”
Sarah went into her room, changed into her nightgown, and climbed into bed.  There, she finally released her grief, sobbing into her pillow.
Jamie crawled up the ladder to his attic loft and lay in the darkness wondering what he should do. For the first time in his life, there was no one else to turn to.  He was facing a crisis alone and he felt responsible for Sarah, since he had promised Jonathan that he would take care of her.  He sighed, remembering Dr. Church. The only thing of importance now was to find Jonathan. In the darkness, he swore he would never stop searching until he did.

The next morning while eating breakfast, Jamie announced,
“After we finish the chores, I’m going to ask Paul Revere  to get me into Boston.  Boston Neck is closed, and the harbor is filled with British Navy ships, so getting in will not be easy.  But if anyone can do it, he can.”
Sarah declared, “I’m coming with you.”
Jamie shook his head, “It may not be safe-“
“Did you not promise my father that you’d watch out for me? How can you, if you’re in Boston and I’m here alone?” she asked.
Jamie thought a moment, then he nodded.
“All right.  We’ll go together. We’ll have to ask the Richardsons to take care of the animals while we’re away. We may need to stay overnight.”
“Why are we going to Boston?” she asked.
“To see Mrs. Gates.  I think she may help us. She seems like a good lady, and she may be able to find out if he was taken prisoner by the British. They keep lists of such things.”
“They do?” she asked hopefully.
“Yes, now let’s get going. We still have to feed the animals before we go.”

Mrs. Richardson was happy to help them and agreed to send her oldest son to take care of the animals until they returned. When they arrived at the Cook’s house in Watertown, they found Paul Revere in his shirt sleeves wearing an apron, his hands smeared with ink.  He had a printing press set up in the Cook’s barn and two apprentices were helping him.
“What’s going on?” asked Sarah.
Revere smiled, “Congress has given me the job of engraving and printing the new American currency.  Would you like to see it?”
He proudly displayed a bill which they admired.  
Revere asked Jamie, “I hear you’re a talented fellow. Are you interested in helping me? I could use some help with the engraving.”
Jamie replied, “I’ve never done any engraving before.”
“Oh, it’s not so difficult,” Revere shrugged, “You draw on a copper plate, like this one here, by etching out the design. See?”
He showed them the engraved plates used to print the money.  
Jamie nodded and said, “Perhaps I can help you later. We’ve come to ask a favor of you. We want to go into Boston. Can you get us there?”
Revere frowned at him, “Boston! Why the devil would you want to go to that Tory-infested snake pit?”
“We’re trying to find my father,” Sarah said, “And Jamie thinks that Mrs. Gates may agree to help us.”
Revere froze; his mouth dropped open and his eyes widened with astonishment.
“Your father is missing?” he asked incredulously.
“Yes.  He never returned from the battle yesterday, and no one knows where he is.”
“Have you seen Colonel Prescott?” asked Revere.
“Yes, and we’ve checked among the wounded and the dead.  We even went into Charlestown to search for him, but he wasn’t there. We’ve asked everyone.” 
Revere paled and sat down on an upturned wooden crate, as if dazed.
“My God! I had no idea!" he exclaimed.
“Will you help us get into Boston?” asked Jamie.
He frowned.  “It could be very dangerous. You’d have to go at night, on the river.”
“I know,” Sarah nodded, “But I have to try to find him.”
Revere asked Jamie, “This Mrs. Gates…is she the general’s wife?”
“Yes.  I met her when I was working in the general's house. She doesn’t know that I’m with the Americans. I think she may help us to find out if he was taken prisoner.”
Paul Revere ran a hand through his hair and stood up.  He began to pace as he thought about the situation.
“I wish I could go with you, but I have to get this currency printed.  Just finding the paper to print it on is a full-time job. Besides, I promised Rachel that I’d stay clear of Boston since there’s a noose with my name on it waiting for me if I show my face there.”
“We know, and we aren’t asking you to go with us,” Jamie explained, “Just help us to get there.”
Revere nodded, “All right. I can do that. Go home and pack some things, just enough for a couple of days. If you have any money, bring it along. You may need it to bribe some of the soldiers in Boston. And bring a pistol with you if you’ve got one. Come back here tonight at sundown and I’ll take you to someone who can row you down the river and let you off near the Neck.  But I must warn you; it’s dangerous. The British have plenty of patrols on the river, but the fog usually comes in at night, and that should help a bit.”
Sarah smiled. “Thank you, Mr. Revere!”
He shook his head. “I don’t know if this is the right thing to do or not, but it seems to me that if I don’t get you into Boston, you’d find another way that might be even more dangerous.”
Jamie smiled, “You’re probably right. Thank you, sir!”
“See you this evening, at sundown,” Revere nodded.

Table of Contents

Chapter 23: Night Journey

That evening, Mr. Revere led them through the dark streets of Watertown to the riverfront.  There, sitting in a rowboat next to the dock, sat Thomas Pulling, another member of the Sons of Liberty.  They climbed into the boat and Paul Revere gave it a push, wishing them luck as they drifted away. They slid silently on the swiftly flowing current, leading out to the harbor and the sea.
When darkness fell, the river became a strange and eerie place.  As they glided along, crickets kept up a steady whine accented by gulping bullfrogs. Unseen creatures rustled in the tall cat tails. A fish splashed, and Sarah jerked suddenly, grabbing Jamie’s arm. 
Fog materialized as the air above the river grew colder, and mists swirled around them like evil spirits. Across the water, they heard men’s voices, and a clanging bell.
“What’s that?” whispered Sarah, nervously.
“British ships and patrol boats in the harbor,” Mr. Pulling answered quietly, “But I know my way around this river like my own house. Now keep quiet and try not to make any noise.”
They glided soundlessly through the fog. Dim lights of distant ships penetrated the mist, but their own boat was invisible in the dark.
Before leaving, Thomas had tied rags around the oars to silence them.  He took long, slow strokes to avoid splashing.  Glancing over his shoulder from time to time, Jamie saw moving lights, blurred by fog.
A man’s laughter echoed across the water, sounding very near, and the boat’s wake reverberated, as if they were inside a cave.  Only when they were close enough to touch the wooden hull did Jamie realize that they were directly below the stern of a British Navy ship. No one on board would be able to see them, but it made him nervous being so close to the black snub-nosed cannons above their heads.  Soon the ship faded into the mist and they were out in the open waters again.



They rowed through the mist beneath a British ship and past two British seamen in a boat.

Suddenly, voices came again.  Thomas turned the boat sharply, letting it glide, not daring to make a sound.  Jamie and Sarah sat perfectly still as they listened to two men in a nearby boat, marked only by the dim glow from their lantern.
“Them buggars won’t likely be botherin’ us again!” one man said.
“Aye, they be home now, wonderin’ what hit ‘em!” replied the other man, and they both chuckled. 
“Eh! You hear somethin’?” asked one.
There was a pause in their rowing and they both listened.  Sarah could feel her heart pounding as she held her breath.
One man said, “Naw, it’s jus’ the ships, most likely. It be quiet here tonight.”
“Aye. Not a soul would be out in this muck ‘cept us two. If it weren’t me duty, I wouldn’t be out here neither.”
“Naw, me neither. Bone-chillin’ damp, it be,” grumbled his partner as their voices faded into the darkness. 
Sarah let out a long breath as her heart thudded in her ears.
Ten minutes later, a massive black pier emerged from the fog and the rowboat slid up to a crude ladder.
Thomas whispered hoarsely, “You go up here, but look out for guards. This will bring you out near the back of Orange Street, just past the Neck. Go straight across from the pier, and you’ll see some houses.  Go right at the end to Orange Street.”
Jamie gave Thomas a handshake.
“Thank you, Thomas. Come back here for us tomorrow night, between eleven and midnight.”
Thomas nodded, “I’ll be here, unless I get caught.  But I ain’t been caught yet,” he grinned. 
Jamie climbed up the ladder and peered over the edge of the dock. No one was there, and the fog was too thick to see more than twenty feet. He climbed upon the dock and then helped Sarah up.  Mr. Pulling waved and the boat disappeared into the fog. 
They headed up to Orange Street.  When they reached the corner, they saw British soldiers under the lights of the gate house on Boston Neck. They turned away and walked up Orange Street to Newberry Street.
They had decided earlier to go to Mr. Roberts’ house and ask him if they might stay there for the night. The night was chilly and damp, and only a few taverns were still open. Walking in pairs, soldiers patrolled the foggy streets.
Jamie and Sarah soon arrived at Mr. Roberts’ house. Although the windows were dark, they knocked on the front door and waited. When there was no response, Jamie said, “I’ll go knock on his bedroom window.”
Sarah nodded and waited at the front door in case Mr. Roberts appeared.  
Soon, a dim light appeared in the window.  Sarah could hear footsteps approaching the front door, and when Jamie returned, Mr. Roberts appeared in his flannel nightgown and nightcap, holding a flickering candlestick.
“Good Heavens! What are you two doing here? It’s the middle of the night!”
“Sorry to wake you, Mr. Roberts, but we have an emergency,” Jamie said.
“Come in! Come in!” Mr. Roberts cried. The flickering candle threw eerie shadows around the dark room, and the hearth was black and cold.
“Thanks, Mr. Roberts,” said Sarah.
“Excuse my appearance, young lady, I wasn’t expecting company.”
“That’s all right, Mr. Roberts,” Sarah said.
“You must be cold. Put on a fire and we’ll make some coffee.”
Mr. Roberts lit two more candles and went to fetch his dressing gown while Jamie and Sarah started the fire. Soon, everyone was sitting beside a roaring blaze and drinking steaming cups of hot coffee.
“Now tell me, why are you here?” asked Mr. Roberts.
“I must ask you a favor, sir,” Jamie said, “We would like to stay here tonight. We won’t mind sleeping on the floor.”
Mr. Roberts gave him a half smile, “Well, you may have to, Jamie, but I think Sarah can have the spare bed in the other bedroom. It’s small, but comfortable.”
“Thank you, sir!” Jamie smiled, “I don’t mind the floor.  I’ll bed down here in front of the fire and I’ll be fine.”
Jamie and Sarah quickly explained why they had come.
Mr. Roberts shook his head sadly, “What a shame about your father. I hope Mrs. Gates will help you.  Even though she’s married to a British general, I think her heart is sympathetic to the Americans, though she may never admit it. I’m going there tomorrow morning to begin a portrait of her. You may go with me as my assistant, then you may speak to her.”
Mr. Roberts showed Sarah the guest room, and brought Jamie a pillow and blanket.  Jamie said 'goodnight' and settled down on the wooden floor in front of the hearth.  Once it was quiet, he stared into the glowing embers of the fire and thought about what he would do the next day. Despite his problems, weariness overcame him, and he fell asleep.

In the morning, as soon as breakfast was over, they all went to the general's house. Mrs. Gates was pleasantly surprised to see them again and complimented Jamie on his work on the mural.
“Thank you, Mrs. Gates. I can scratch out a sketch or two, but I’m no painter like Mr. Roberts.”
She smiled, “I’m sure that under his guidance someday you will become as good as he.”
“No!” Mr. Roberts waved a hand, protesting, “This lad will be better than me! Mark my word!”
They entered the parlor and Mrs. Gates sat in the chair by the window. Tthey chatted while Mr. Roberts set up his easel and painting supplies to do a portrait. 
“Mrs. Gates. I wonder if I could ask you for a favor,” said Jamie.
She smiled at him, “Why certainly, if I can help.”
He cleared his throat and swallowed nervously, looking intently in her eyes.
“My friend Sarah’s father is missing. No one has seen him since the battle at Bunker Hill, and we’re quite worried. We’ve come to ask you if you could find out…if you could ask the general if he knows what’s happened to him. His name is Jonathan Harper.”
Mrs. Gates’ brows knitted together. “He fought in the battle?”
“Yes, Ma’am,” Sarah nodded.
“In what regiment?” she asked.
Jamie paused, then said, “He was in the militia…on the American side.”
Mrs. Gates looked surprised, but not shocked.
“Oh, I see…” she replied, looking away, then asked, “But how would the general know what happened to him?”
“The military keeps records of prisoners,” Jamie explained, “And since we haven’t found him among the wounded or dead, we thought to try looking among those taken prisoner.”
“Oh, yes, I see,” she nodded, “But the general is not here. General Howe has taken over command in his absence. But I will ask Major Cane. As soon as I find out anything I'll send word to you. How will I reach you?"
"I can be reached through Mr. Roberts. He'll send word to me."
"Very well,” Mrs. Gates nodded.
Jamie and Sarah smiled with relief.
Sarah said, “Thank you, Mrs. Gates!”

Table of Contents

Chapter 24: On to Newport

That evening, Thomas Pulling was waiting in his boat to take them home. Again, the fog covered them through their journey back to Charleston.
The next morning, Jamie was pleasantly surprised to find that Sarah had a hot breakfast waiting for him.  
“We still haven’t solved the problem of Dr. Church,” Sarah reminded him.
Jamie shrugged, “Perhaps we never will.  No one will believe us.”
She replied, “In any case, we must go to Watertown and tell Mr. Revere what has happened, so that Mr. Roberts' message arrives, he will know what it’s about.”
Jamie agreed, and after cleaning up the breakfast dishes and feeding the animals, they drove to Watertown and called on Mr. Revere. 
The Cook’s barn had become a center of busy commerce, with two armed guards standing on duty.  When they arrived, Paul Revere was wearing his leather apron and inspecting a large sheet of printed currency from the press.
“This one has an ink spot,” he told Paul Junior., “Clean off the press and roll fresh ink on it before you print any more.” 
Paul Junior nodded and went to work. When Revere turned and saw Jamie and Sarah, he broke into a broad smile.
“Ah! You’re back! I’m relieved to see that you made it safely out of Boston.”
“We’ve got lots to tell you,” Jamie said, “Is this a good time to speak?”
Paul Revere looked around then put his arms over their shoulders and nodded,
“I think Paul Junior can manage without my help for a bit. Let’s go outside and talk.”
He led them to a wooden bench under a large oak tree where they sat down. Revere asked,
“Have you heard that the Congress in Philadelphia has appointed General Washington as the new Commander in Chief?  He is to command all the Provincial armies, which are now united into one American army!” He continued proudly, “And so now we have one big, strong army, and we can drive out the British once and for all!”
Sarah and Jamie were both pleased to hear it.  Revere went on.
“But the Provincial Congress was not entirely wise in their actions. I was not pleased to hear that Dr. Benjamin Church has been named as Dr. Warren’s replacement as the head of the Committee of Safety.”
“What!” Sarah cried, “That traitor? No! He can’t be!”
“Yes, it’s true,” Paul nodded, “I don’t trust him anymore since he took the letter and the money that Rachel sent to me.”
Jamie smiled, “I’m glad you believe me, that he lied to you about that.”
Paul waved an arm, “Oh, I never liked him!  Too damn arrogant for my taste. But there are men in both the Provincial and Continental Congresses who admire him.”
"He's went back to General Gates yesterday. I bet he's told them all of your plans here," said Jamie.
“And he’s been sending letters to General Gage on a regular basis since the beginning!” Sarah declared indignantly.
“That may well be,” admitted Revere.
“We still have to stop him somehow!” Jamie declared.
“I’m afraid that without proof, there’s little that anyone can do.  He’ll simply deny everything and try to put the blame onto someone else,” Revere replied.
“Then we’ll have to catch him in the act,” Sarah said.
Revere shot them both a look of warning.
“You must be very careful!  If he suspects that you two are spying on him, he may do something desperate.  And since your father is missing, I would feel responsible if anything happened to you.”
“Please don’t worry, we’ll be careful,” Sarah assured him.
"One more thing, sir," Jamie interjected, "We were able to meet with Mrs. Gates and she promised to let us know through Mr. Roberts whether Jonathan has been taken prisoner or not. If Mr. Roberts contacts you, would you please let us know?"
Revere nodded earnestly, "You have my solemn word on that!"

They drove on to Cambridge, where they knew they would find Dr. Church conducting business in Dr. Warren’s place.  But when they approached the entrance of Hastings House, a guard stopped them. No one would be admitted without stating a reason. Without a valid excuse for going inside, they were turned away.
“We’ll have to wait until Dr. Church comes out and follow him,” Jamie told Sarah as they walked away.
“But that could take all day!” she whined, sharing his frustration.
Jamie sighed and asked, “Do you have a better idea?”
She shook her head and they sat down under a shady tree to wait.  It wasn’t long before Jamie spotted Dr. Church leaving Hastings House with the red-headed teen.  They climbed into his carriage and urged the horses onto the road. 
Jamie and Sarah ran to their wagon and climbed in.  Jamie gave a sharp whistle and they trotted off in the same direction.  As they followed the carriage, the road became less crowded and the houses were spaced further apart. At last, the carriage turned right, into a lane lined heavily with shrubs. At the top of a hill stood a large two-story stone house which reminded Jamie of a large country home in England. It was surrounded by trees in the back and at both sides.
“Is this their house, too?” Sarah exclaimed, “He owns two houses? And this place must have cost a fortune!”
Jamie nodded in agreement, “Which means that Dr. Church has been paid pretty well for his spy services, wouldn’t you say? I'll park the wagon down the road and then we can cut through the woods so they won’t see us.”
They reached the woods behind the manor house just in time to see the young, red-headed man watering the horses, and then he went inside. Deciding to get closer, they ran up to the back of the house, crouching under the windows.
Jamie led Sarah around to the side of the house, keeping well below the windows and close to the wall. At the side of the house near the front, they could hear voices from inside.  Jamie peeked around the corner and saw an open window behind a rose bush in full bloom, and they hid under it. 
The voices inside grew louder as Dr. Church and the others came into the parlor where Jamie and Sarah could hear them clearly.
“I must send another letter,” said Dr. Church, “I have spent the entire afternoon with General Washington and General Ward, and I have all the details for their plan of strategy against the British. I’ll write letter, and you shall deliver it.”
A woman's voice replied, “I can’t go over the Neck! There are rebels guarding it and they would never let me through!”
“There are other ways of getting letters into Boston, my dear,” said Dr. Church, “So that is why I’m sending you to Captain Wallace.  He commands the Rose, a ship in Newport harbor.”
“Newport!” exclaimed the woman, “That’s a long way!”
“I shall give you my coach, and Edward will drive you.  This letter must get to Captain Wallace so that he can take it to Boston on his next run. Now let me work on this alone, if you please.”
Jamie and Sarah waited for another half hour, but could hear nothing from inside the house. Jamie waved away a mosquito and whispered, “Let’s go back to the woods.”
They hid behind a clump of bushes where they had a good view of the house and carriage. After an hour, a door creaked open and slammed shut.  Jamie saw the red-headed teen walking to the carriage house. 
Jamie whispered, “I want to make a stop at the camp to find Josh.  I think we’ll need his help in getting that letter back.”
She frowned, “Do we have time? They could leave while we’re gone-“
“Possibly, but there’s only one way out of Cambridge to Newport, and they’ll be on that road. I think we can catch up to them.”
She looked wary. “I hope you’re right.”

The curling smoke from campfires and aromas of fried bacon filled the air at the army camp. Jamie searched the rows of tents and found Joshua cleaning his rifle. He quickly told him what was happening. Together, they went to find their old friend, Henry Knox, now a colonel, who granted Joshua permission to leave for one night.
As soon as they were all in the wagon, Sarah snapped the reins and they dashed off at a fast pace.
They quickly found the road to Newport.  There was no sign of Dr. Church’s coach ahead of them, but Jamie insisted that this was the only way they would have gone. After half an hour of driving the team hard and seeing no sign of the coach, Sarah slowed the horses to save their strength.
Along the way, they stopped for food and let the horses rest and water at Travers’ Inn. Soon, they were back on the road and had been traveling about an hour when they heard a team of horses galloping swiftly behind them.  Jamie pulled the wagon to the side of the road to allow the coach with four horses to pass. As they passed, Joshua noticed a boldly painted crest on the door.
“It’s them! And the driver! He’s the red-headed boy!” he exclaimed.
Jamie looked at him with astonishment on his face, “Are you sure?”
“Yes! And that coach! I saw it in the general’s carriage house! I remember the gold crest with the shield on it!”

Table of Contents

Chapter 25: Arrested!

The coach sped on ahead, leaving a cloud of dust in its wake.  In his haste to get to Newport, the driver hadn’t noticed them. Joshua asked Jamie what his plan was once they reached Newport.
“When the coach stops, you hold your musket on the driver while I get the woman from the inside.”
“And what shall I do?” asked Sarah.
Jamie stated, “You stay with the wagon.”
Her temper flared and she spoke angrily, “Stay with the wagon! Is that all? Why must I be the one to stay with the wagon?”
“Because this could be dangerous,” Jamie argued.
“Oh! So it may be dangerous, eh?” she demanded, “And haven’t I faced danger with you before?”
“But this is different,” he insisted, “They may be armed.  Anything could happen, and Joshua and I are seasoned fighters, whereas you are-“
“Are what?” she demanded hotly.
“Well-” Jamie stumbled, seeing the temper she was in.  
But Joshua blurted out, “You’re just a girl!”
This made Sarah even more furious, shouting, “As if that makes any difference!”
“It most certainly does!” Jamie argued.
“It does not!” she yelled, “I can do anything that you have ever done, or will do, for that matter!  In fact, in case you haven’t noticed, I have two hands, which makes me even better equipped than you!”
As soon as she saw the horrified look on Jamie’s face, she regretted her angry words. His face wore hurt and betrayal.
“I- I didn’t mean that!” she stammered, “I- I’m sorry-“
“Forget it!” he shouted, cutting off her apology, turning away.
Joshua merely rolled his eyes at her, shaking his head with disapproval.
Sarah turned her face away and she could feel her cheeks getting red hot.  Her heart was a boiling cauldron of anger, hurt, and shame. She knew Jamie was angry with her, and with good reason.  But she had a right to be angry, too.  Why did boys always act as if girls were weak and helpless? She knew she was as smart as they, but they always took charge; as if being males gave them a God-given right to make all the decisions. It just wasn’t fair! 
Tears suddenly flooded her eyes and slid down her cheeks.  She hung her head and let her hair hide her face, feeling angry at herself for crying.  No wonder they thought her weak. Why did anger bring her to tears?
Sarah thought about her own mother, who died nearly two years ago.  Had her mother ever felt angry at her father when he told her what to do and what not to do? Sarah remembered her mother as a gentle and loving person who always obeyed her husband, as she was expected to do.  But Sarah believed she would never marry, if it meant being ordered around like a slave.
Both Jamie and Josh were doing their best to ignore her. Jamie was so angry with her, that he never wanted to speak to her again. He couldn’t believe that she had pointed out that she had two hands and he only one. Hadn’t he proved that he was just as capable as anyone else? Or was he was the only one who believed that? 
As the pain of this realization seeped into his thoughts, Dr. Church’s coach suddenly turned right at the road leading to Newport Harbor.  Jamie pushed his feelings aside and concentrated on the coach ahead of them.
They followed the winding road, soon bordered by large, stately homes, and then smaller ones closer together near the busy part of town. The coach turned down Dock Street and pulled up outside of a tall three-story wood-sided home facing the harbor. 
Jamie asked Joshua, “Ready?”
Josh nodded, “I’m ready!”
“Let’s go! Sarah, take the reins and wait here,” Jamie ordered, jumping down from the wagon with Joshua.
The red-headed teen hopped down to open the door for his mother, and she emerged from the coach.
The boys ran forward.  Joshua aimed his musket at the driver and Jamie shouted, “Stop right there and don’t move!
The red-headed woman stared at him, her mouth and eyes wide open with surprise.
“We know that you have a letter from him to deliver to Captain Wallace.”
“How did you-“ the woman began.
“Be quiet, Mother!” shouted her son, “Don’t tell them anything!”
“Hand it over!” Jamie shouted.
The woman cried, “I don’t know what you’re talking about!”
“Yes you do! The letter is in your purse, no doubt. Give it here!”
Jamie snatched it off her arm.
“Help!” the woman screamed, looking around “Someone help! We’re being robbed!”
Joshua raised his musket, shouting, “Quiet, Ma’am!”
“Or what?” demanded her son, “Will you shoot her? Damn you!”
He made a grab for the barrel of the gun and it went off in Josh’s hands, splintering the coach door through the crest.  The horses whinnied and pawed the air as they reared up on their hind legs.  To keep them from bolting, the red-headed boy grabbed their harnesses.
The gun shot and rearing horses attracted the attention of everyone in sight.  A man who had been strolling down the street came running towards them.  A passing carriage slowed down and the driver pulled over to see what was happening.  Two red-coated soldiers came running with rifles.  
Sarah knew that she had to act.  She backed up the wagon to put some distance between her and the crowd that was gathering. Then she waited and watched as the chaos unfolded before her.
When the soldiers arrived, the red-headed woman was still screaming that she was being robbed. The soldiers pointed their guns at Jamie and Joshua and ordered them to drop the musket and put their hands up.
One of the soldiers took the purse from Jamie and handed it to the red-headed woman, who thanked them profusely.
Jamie and Josh looked at one another in astonishment while the officers turned to them and said, “Come along with us, boys. You’re under arrest.”
“But she’s-“ Joshua began, but Jamie shouted.
“Be quiet, Josh!”
There was nothing either of them could tell the British soldiers, so they stood in silence as one of them took Joshua’s musket and Jamie’s knife.  Both boys were forced to walk with rifles aimed at their backs.  
As they passed the wagon, Jamie called out, “Sarah!”
The soldiers stopped and looked up at her.   
“Do you know these two boys, Miss?”
Her eyes widened and she replied indignantly, “I should hope not!”
The soldier nodded and gave Jamie a shove.
“Keep marching!”
Jamie moved on, but turned to Sarah with a piercing look of betrayal.  
‘Serves them right,’ she thought, still angry at the way they had treated her. But she knew she had no choice. If she had admitted knowing them, then she too would have been arrested for her part in the crime.  Rather than risk being locked up in a jail, she would try to help Jamie and Joshua later. Right now she had to stop that letter from getting to Boston!
Table of Contents

Chapter 26: Sarah to the Rescue

Sarah waited until the red-headed woman and her son disappeared inside the house on Dock Street. Hopping down from the wagon, she crossed the road to keep an eye on the place.  She pretended to look in the window of a small dress shop diagonally across the street and watched the house in the window’s reflection. Meanwhile, a million thoughts ran through her head.  What would she do once they came out?  
Soon, the red-headed woman and her son came out of the house, got back into the coach, and drove away. 
Sarah crossed the street. She mustered all of her courage, and knocked upon the door. It opened and a man with a thick, bushy side whiskers, iron gray hair, and red cheeks stared curiously at her.
“Yes?”
“Is Captain Wallace at home? It is very important that I speak with him.”
“Who are you?”
“My name is Sarah Harper and I’m from Roxbury.”
The gentleman glanced left and right to make sure no one was watching, and then said, “Come inside.”
He closed the door and invited her into the parlor. They both sat down.
“I am Mr. Wainwood. The Captain is away on business. Perhaps you’d better tell me what this is all about.”
“I will, but before I speak, I must ask you, sir….whose side are you on, the King’s or the Colonists’?”
He stroked his chin, appraising her.
“I am not a political man.”
“Then you do not want to see the Americans win their independence,” Sarah concluded.
“I didn’t say that,” he replied, “In fact, I have many friends in the Rhode Island Regiment.”
Sarah’s eyes grew intense as she said, “The woman who was just here now.  Did she give you a letter?”
“Yes. Why?”
“Is it addressed to someone in Boston? Major Cane?
“Yes, but I will not tell you anything more until you tell me what this is all about,” he insisted.
She sighed, wondering if the man could be trusted. If he was on the side of the British, then she might find herself arrested.  If he wasn’t, then she still had a chance of stopping the letter.  She knew it was a risk she had to take.
“I came from Cambridge with two friends, following that woman and her son.  We have been watching them for some time and we know that they are informers…spies for the British.”
The man’s eyebrows danced upon his forehead.
“Spies?”
“Yes. And I know what you’re thinking…that I don’t know what I’m talking about.  But my father’s a member of the Sons of Liberty. He fought in the battle at Breed’s Hill,” she replied, “He was with Dr. Warren’s regiment.”
Mr. Wainwood seemed surprised at the amount of information she knew.  He thought that either this young lady was telling the truth, or she herself was a British spy posing as an American one.  
“If you’re telling the truth, then you won’t mind if I check out your story with a few of my friends in Cambridge.”
“Of course not!” she replied immediately, “My father is Jonathan Harper of Roxbury.  Ask any of the other Sons of Liberty; they know him.”
Mt. Wainwood nodded in satisfaction, and continued, “Now, about this letter-“
“You mustn’t let that letter go on to Boston! I beg of you! The man who wrote it is a traitor!  It would give the British every bit of information they need to crush us!”
Mr. Wainwood looked uncertain.  His hand went to his jacket pocket where the letter was hidden. He fingered it, thinking about what to do.
“I suppose I could keep it until I find out whether your story is true or not.  What is your name again?”
“Sarah. Sarah Harper from Roxbury.  Thank you, Mr. Wainwood, for listening to me. You’ll find that I am telling you the truth.”
He nodded, “Come back this evening, around seven. I shall then let you know what will be done with the letter.”
Sarah smiled with relief, “Thank you, Mr. Wainwood!”

She left the house and went across the street to a shop where the shopkeeper gave her directions to the jail.  
The sergeant at the jail told her Jamie and Joshua would be brought before the court magistrate at nine o’clock the following morning.
Sarah left, thinking about what she must do.  She drove down Main Street, looking for an inn.
She found one on the next corner called The Seaport Inn, and parked the wagon across the street, watching to see what types of people came and went.  When she saw that most of them looked well-dressed and respectable, she went inside. The innkeeper was dressed in fine clothes and greeted her politely.
“May I help you, Miss?”
“Yes, sir,” Sarah replied, “My mother and I have just arrived from Cambridge and we need a place to stay.  She’s in the shop across the street and has sent me here to see if you have any rooms for the night.”
The gentleman smiled, “Yes, we do. It costs one and six pence.”
Sarah counted the money into his hand and he gave her a key.
“Your room is on the second floor, number twelve.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Shall I send someone out to help you with your bags?”
“No, that won’t be necessary yet. We’re going to do some shopping first. Perhaps when we return.”
“Very good, Miss,” he nodded and smiled as she left.
Sarah left the inn and strolled around Main Street. Redcoats patrolled the streets of Newport much the same as in Boston.  She found a grocer’s, bought some things to eat and drink, and packed them into her basket.  A stone wall overlooking the harbor became her seat while she ate and thought about what she could do to help Jamie and Joshua.
Promptly at seven, Sarah returned to Mr. Wainwood’s house, and he invited her inside.  Two other gentlemen were with him.
“This is Mr. Maxwell, and this is Mr. Ward. They have asked to meet you and to hear more about this letter.”
They each shook her hand, and everyone was seated in the parlor. Mr. Ward was an older man, with thinning hair, and his friend Mr. Maxwell was short and stout.  They both smiled kindly at her. Mr. Ward spoke. 
“Now, Miss Harper, please tell us how you came to know about the letter, and who wrote it.”
She took a deep breath and told him the whole story of Dr. Church.
When she finished, the two men looked at each other, and Mr. Ward asked, “Do you have any proof of this?”
She shook her head and sighed, “No. That’s why we’ve been following the red-headed woman and her son, to get the proof.  They left Dr. Church’s house in Cambridge this morning-“
“Did you say Dr. Church? Dr. Benjamin Church?” asked Mr. Maxwell.
“Yes. Do you know him?” asked Sarah.
“I have heard a great deal about him.”
Sarah leaned forward and spoke passionately.
“Then you know how hard it is for anyone to believe that he is, in fact, a traitor!”
The three men looked astonished, exchanging incredulous looks.
“It’s true! That letter is the proof!” she insisted, “It’s from Dr. Church, and it’s probably written in a secret code, with odd-looking symbols.  I know this because I have another letter that we were able to take from the same woman before she could deliver it to General Gage in Boston.”
“General Gage?” repeated Mr. Wainwood, “The commander of the British Army?”
“Yes! That’s who Dr. Church has been spying for! One of my friends is General Gage’s groom, and both he and my other friend, Jamie, have seen the red-headed woman deliver messages to the General.”
“Who is this red-headed woman?” asked Mr. Ward.
“We don’t know her name, but she lives with Dr. Church in Cambridge. The young man with her is her son.”
The three men exchanged curious looks again, as if nonplussed.  
Mr. Ward said, “It seems that the only way we can believe anything that you’ve told us tonight is to examine the letter.”
Mr. Wainwood’s eyes went wide, “You mean, open it? Read it?”
“Yes, exactly,” replied Mr. Ward.
“Well, I don’t know…” Wainwood mumbled, “It’s not our letter!”
“Please, sir!” Sarah pleaded, “We must look at it!  If it is just a normal letter, we can seal it up again and send it on to Boston. But if it looks unusual in any way, we must not let it go on!” 
After a short consideration, the men all agreed, and Mr. Maxwell took out the letter and opened it.  His eyes widened in surprise as it looked up at Sarah.
“Why, it’s just as you have said! It’s all written in funny-looking symbols!”
Everyone stared at the letter, their mouths gaping.
“I can hardly believe it!” cried Mr. Maxwell, “A letter in secret code! To whom is it addressed?”
Mr. Wainwood read the address on the front, “To a Major Cane in Boston.”
“He’s one of Gage’s men!” Sarah exclaimed, “I’ve heard Jamie talk about him!”
“Who are these two friends of yours, and why aren’t they here?” asked Mr. Ward.
Sarah explained what had happened when they tried to take the letter from the red-headed woman.
“And so now they’re under arrest at the jail,” she concluded.
Mr. Ward shook his head, “That is most unfortunate.  After all, they were not intending to rob her purse, just stop the letter. Perhaps I can speak to the magistrate.  He is an acquaintance of mine.  I’ll try to have your friends released.”
Sarah clutched his hands, crying, “Oh, sir! If you only would! I’d be most grateful!”
He nodded, “I shall try my best.”
“They are to be brought before the magistrate at nine o’clock in the morning.”
“Then I'll meet you there at a quarter to nine.  In the meantime, I would like to show this letter to General Nathanael Greene, to ask him what he thinks should be done with it,” Mr. Wainwood concluded.
“I agree,” Mr. Ward nodded, “I am most anxious to see this traitor be brought to justice!"

Table of Contents

Chapter 27: Caught in the Act

Sarah was awake at dawn, and after a quick breakfast, she left the inn and drove back to the jail.  The magistrate’s court room was on the main floor, above the jail.  She waited outside, and Mr. Ward arrived at quarter to nine.
“I shall speak to the magistrate in his chambers before the prisoners are brought up to the court.  Please give me your friends’ names.”
He wrote them on a slip of paper, and then he told her to wait here.
A crowd of people filed into the courtroom to watch the proceedings. One door led to the courtroom, and another further down the hall led to the magistrate’s chambers.  
She waited in the hallway, pacing back and forth nervously. She worried about what would happen to Jamie and Joshua if Mr. Ward couldn’t convince the magistrate to let them go. Would they be sent to prison? For how long? 
All night she had tossed and turned, thinking about the horrid words she had said to Jamie yesterday, and she only hoped she would get a chance to tell him how sorry she was. But if he and Josh were convicted, would she ever see him again?
She began biting her fingernails, a nervous habit that she rarely did unless she was very worried.  She closed her eyes and prayed that her friends would be set free. 
After what seemed an eternity, Mr. Ward came out of the magistrate’s chambers and said, “Let’s go outside and talk.”
Once outside he told her, “I was able to secure their freedom at no little cost. I had to bribe the magistrate.”
“Oh! Thank you!” she cried and without thinking, hugged him and planted a kiss on his cheek.  
“On, my!  That’s quite all right, Miss Harper,” he blushed, “Ah, here come your two friends now.”
She turned and saw Jamie and Joshua hurrying down the steps of the court house.  They ran to each other and she hugged Jamie first, and then Joshua.
“Sarah! Did you get us out?” cried Joshua.
“No, it was Mr. Ward! Let me introduce you!”
She made the introductions and explained what Mr. Ward had done to get their release.
“I can pay you back, sir,” Jamie said, “We have some money-“
Mr. Ward held up a hand in protest.
“That’s not necessary, although I thank you for the offer.  What you have uncovered may be the greatest gift you could give me. This morning on my way here, I took the letter to my friend, General Greene.  He was most shocked when I told him the story.  He is going to take the letter to General Washington today and to ask his advice on the matter.”
“We can’t thank you enough, sir!” Jamie cried, shaking Mr. Ward’s hand.
“I am glad to do whatever I can to help our cause,” he replied.
Sarah sighed with satisfaction and asked, “What will happen to Dr. Church?”
Mr. Ward took a deep breath and frowned in concentration, “Oh, I imagine that General Washington will want a word with him.  Dr. Church is in Cambridge, you say?”
“Yes. Probably at Hastings House,” replied Sarah.
Mr. Ward nodded, “I shall inform General Greene. And how may we contact you in case we need to speak to you tomorrow?”
“We’ll be at our farm in Roxbury,” she answered.
Mr. Ward held out his hand and shook hands with them, saying, “I don’t know if we shall meet again.  But I will never forget the extraordinary thing that you three young people have done.  If Dr. Church is in fact the writer of this letter, then you three are indeed heroes for stopping it.”
“Thank you, sir,” Jamie smiled as they also shook hands, and Mr. Ward bid them good bye.
“Whew!” Josh exclaimed, “I hope I never get put into jail again! That place is horrible!”
Jamie picked up the reins, “It certainly is! And now that I don’t have to smell that stinking place, my stomach is dying for food.  Let’s find a place to eat before we leave town.”
“Amen to that!” Joshua grinned and Sarah laughed in agreement.


After delivering Josh back to his camp, Jamie and Sarah drove back to Roxbury.  Although they were both exhausted from not having slept much the night before, they took care of the animals, and Jamie made a fire while Sarah prepared supper.  They hadn’t spoken much on the way back from Newport, since Joshua had done most of the talking. But Jamie felt he needed to clear the air between them. He cleared his throat and said casually,
“By the way, I don’t remember if I thanked you for getting me and Josh out of jail.”
“That’s okay. I owed you one,” Sarah said, then went on cautiously, “I’ve wanted to tell you something. It’s about what I said yesterday on the way to Newport,” she paused, “I’m really sorry. I never meant to say that, and I don’t know why I did. It was so incredibly stupid of me. Can you forgive me?”
He looked at her, wondering what to say.  It was true that he hated her comment, but he shrugged his shoulders and gave a tired smile.
“I guess so, since you got me out of jail.”
“Really it was Mr. Ward who got you out by bribing the magistrate.”
“But you convinced him to do it somehow,” Jamie said, “And you stopped the letter from going to Boston. I guess I owe you an apology too, for acting like I was the only one who could do that.”
Her heart flooded with gratitude. She shrugged, not knowing what to say without sounding smug.
“Thanks,” she smiled, feeling glad that their friendship had survived.

Later that day, they were out in barn feeding the animals when a rider came up the lane.  Jamie asked her, “Do you know who that is?”
She stared at the rider and shook her head, wiping her hands on an old apron.
“No, I don’t.”
The rider dismounted and approached the fence.
“Are you Sarah Harper?” he called.
“Yes, I am. Who are you?”
“I’m Lieutenant Colonel George Baylor.  General Washington sent me to ask you if you could help us find the woman who delivered that letter to Mr. Wainwood in Newport.”
Sarah nodded to the officer, “Of course. We know where she lives. We’ll get cleaned up and take you there.”
Jamie and Sarah rode their horse behind the Colonel.  When they reached Hastings House, Paul Revere was riding his horse towards them, waving.  
“Jamie! Hold on!” Revere shouted, galloping to a sliding stop at their wagon.
Revere looked curiously at Baylor and Jamie introduced them.
“I’ve heard much about you, sir,” Baylor said with admiration.
“Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see,” Paul quipped with a grin.  He turned to Jamie. “I have a letter for you. It came this morning.”
Jamie opened it and read it quickly.
“It’s from Mr. Roberts!” he exclaimed, and read on. “He says Mrs. Gates told him that your father is a prisoner on board the H.M.S. Preston. The prisoners are being transferred to a transport ship in two days.  He hopes to get your father off the transport ship, just before it sails.  He wants us to meet him tomorrow at nine o’clock in the evening at the Green Dragon.”
Sarah cried, “That’s great news!”
“Well,” Revere forced a smile and clapped Jamie on the shoulder, “Don’t worry. I’m sure everything will be fine.”
They led the way out of the village and down the familiar road past lush green fields and stone houses.  As the large stone manor came into view, Jamie pointed to it, saying, “This is the house where she lives with Dr. Church.”
Baylor touched his hat and nodded, “Thank you.  I’m taking her back to General Washington for questioning. Also, we will need you both to tell us more about what you know.”
“Yes, of course we would be happy to,” Jamie nodded.
“Good. I’ll come back when you’re needed.”
Colonel Baylor galloped up the lane to the house and Jamie and Sarah followed him.
He knocked persistently until the door opened.  After introducing himself, Colonel Baylor told the red-headed woman that she had to come with him to speak to General Washington. She appeared to be alone in the house.
She peered around him and when she saw Jamie and Sarah, her expression flared in anger.
Colonel Baylor led her to his horse and climbed up behind her despite her protests of innocence.  The woman gave Sarah and Jamie a vicious look as they turned away and galloped down the lane.
As soon as they were out of sight, Jamie said, “The house is still open.  We may find some more letters inside.”
“Good idea!” Sarah replied.
The kitchen appeared as if the woman had been cooking, with pots and bowls on the table. A fire smoldered in the hearth.
They walked from the back of the house to the front, and off the main hallway, they found a small library. Tall bookcases filled each wall, and a large desk faced a window overlooking the side garden. A stone fireplace was angled into one corner.
Sarah began rummaging through the papers on the desk top while Jamie went through the drawers.  They found papers dealing with the Committee of Safety and ordinary household accounts, but nothing in secret writing.
“Let’s check the book shelves,” said Jamie.
They began searching between the books for any hidden letters.  After going through all of the shelves, they both sighed in silent defeat. Sarah stood staring at the books, and noticed that the corner of a page was sticking up out of one book. Curious, she pulled it off the shelf and opened it.
“Jamie, look!” she cried, taking out a letter tucked between the pages.
He hurried to her side and read the letter over her shoulder. Sarah cried,
“Listen to this! He says, ‘Three prior attempts were made without success. On the last attempt, I sent a man with my letter was sewn into the waistband of his breeches.  He was held prisoner a few days, but with a little cash to the guard, he was set free and the matter was settled.’ It’s addressed to someone named Fleming.”
Jamie looked up, asking, “Are there any more?”
Sarah looked through the pages of the book and found two more tucked in between the pages.  She took them out and opened them up to find that they too seemed like ordinary letters.
“Nothing in code.”
“But now we know where he hides his secrets.  Let’s look through the rest of the books!”
They set the letters on the desk and began leafing through every book on the shelf next to the one they had opened.
“Here’s one!” Sarah shouted, “And look! It’s in code!”
“Great! We’ll take it to General Washington.”
She set the letter on the desk and went back to the search.  
“Here’s another!” Jamie said, “But it’s not in code.”
“Save it anyway,” Sarah suggested, “Just in case.”
Both of them became so engrossed in searching through the books that they did not hear footsteps approaching the library.
“Put those books down!” a voice cried.
Sarah gasped and dropped her book.  She looked up to find the red-headed young man aiming a pistol at them.

Table of Contents

Chapter 28: Meeting with General Washington

Jamie set the book down carefully on a nearby table.  Sneering, the red-headed teen scowled. 
“You! You’re supposed to be in jail!”
“No thanks to you!” Jamie replied.
The red-headed boy moved closer, keeping his aim steady.  He reached out for the letters and grabbed them. 
“You two get back into the kitchen. Come on!”
He waved the pistol at them.  Sarah looked at Jamie and he motioned for her to do as he said.
They walked back into the kitchen and the teen threw the letters on the smoldering fire.  The paper began to smoke, and as the youth was watching them catch fire, Jamie drew his knife and threw it at the boy’s hand.  The knife stabbed the boy’s wrist and he dropped the gun, cursing in pain.  He grabbed his bleeding wrist and Jamie charged at him, slamming his shoulder into the boy’s middle.  They both crashed to the ground, rolling towards the smoking hearth.
Sarah ran to the hearth and she tried to grab the burning papers. She could only grasp one that was still burning as she pulled it from the flames.  She dropped it on the floor and stamped on it to quench the flames.  
Meanwhile, Jamie and the teen wrestled on the floor as the red-headed youth tried to pin Jamie down. They rolled back and forth nearly into the fire, then away again, with legs kicking and punches flying. Sarah grabbed an iron pan from the table and swung it at the boy.  But at that moment, Jamie’s head suddenly came up.  The pot slammed into Jamie’s head and he dropped to the floor.



Sarah grabbed an iron pan from the table and swung it at the boy.  

The youth pushed him off and scrambled to his feet.
Sarah snatched the pistol from the floor and pointed it at the boy.  His eyes sprung wide as she pulled back the hammer and aimed.
“Don’t shoot!” he shouted, and quickly raced out of the back door.
She watched from the door as he leaped onto his horse and galloped away.
Sarah rushed to Jamie, still unconscious on the floor.  A large red lump was growing on his temple.
She gasped, “Oh, no!”
She splashed a pitcher of cold water in his face.  He sat up suddenly, sputtering and coughing.
“Jamie! Are you all right?”
Seeing flashing lights, he squeezed his eyes shut. He grabbed his head to prevent it from exploding.
“Let me help you into the chair,” she said, grabbing his arm.  He struggled to his feet and slumped down on the chair.
“What happened?  Where did he go?” asked Jamie, looking dazed.
“I took his pistol and he ran away.”
Jamie saw the pistol on the table and the pan on the floor.  Suddenly his head snapped up and he stared at her in disbelief.
“You? You hit me with that?” he cried.
“It was an accident! I was going to hit him, but your big head got in the way!”
“My big head!” he shouted, but the noise made his head feel as if it were being split with an iron spike.
“I’m sorry, Jamie! Really! It was an accident!”
He sighed and rubbed his temple, scowling.
“Never mind! What about the letters?”
“I managed to get one out of the fire, but the rest are gone…completely burned.”
He looked at the fire and could see only blackened ashes.
“Maybe there are more.  We should look.”
“I’ll look. You stay here,” she advised, but he shook his head and struggled to his feet. As he stood up, the room began to spin and he nearly fell again.  
“Sit down!” she insisted, “You’re in no shape to go anywhere! I can do it.”
Jamie remembered the argument they had in Newport and smiled. 
“Don’t be long,” he said, “He may come back with Dr. Church.”
“I’ll hurry,” she promised, and went back into the library.
While she was in the library, Jamie picked up the letter and read it.  It seemed to be an ordinary letter written to Major Cane, General Gage’s aide.  
When Sarah returned empty-handed, he said, “This is strange. All it talks about are ordinary things, like his roses, but it’s addressed to Major Cane.”
She looked at the letter, saying, “You’re right. It does sound rather odd. And look at the writing. It’s all…uneven. It’s not like the other letters. There’s definitely something strange about this letter,” she concluded. “Why would Dr. Church tell Major Cane about the weather in Cambridge and Watertown?  And why tell him about his roses?”
“Maybe it’s some sort of code,” Jamie suggested.
“Yes, that’s what I think. But I can’t figure out how it’s done.”
He smiled at her, “Oh, you will….eventually.”

General Washington spent an hour questioning the red-headed woman about the letter she had delivered to Mr. Wainwood.  She told him she had no idea what was in it and was just delivering it as a favor to a friend. At first, she wouldn’t tell the General her friend’s name.  But when he told her that she would be guilty of treason against the colonies, she finally gave in.
“It was for Dr. Church,” she said at last, hanging her head.
“Dr. Benjamin Church? Of  Boston? The President of the Committee of Safety?” he cried in disbelief.
“Yes. It’s from him.”
Washington paced back and forth in his office, and then called in Colonel Baylor, handing him the coded letter.
“Have a copy made of this…no, make that two copies. Exact copies. Then find some men who can decode it. Bring me the translation as soon as it’s finished. And bring those two young people here who found the letter.”
“Yes, sir,” Baylor nodded.
“And find Dr. Church. Tell him that I have some urgent business to discuss with him.”
“Yes, sir!” the colonel saluted and left.

Sarah and Jamie were summoned to the General’s office that same afternoon. General Washington held out his hand and shook theirs, smiling. He was a very tall, broad-shouldered man with a strong face, and blue eyes with a determined look
“It is a pleasure to meet you.  I am most grateful for your actions in obtaining this letter.  Please sit down, and tell me how this whole thing started.”
As Sarah began to tell the General how they had become suspicious of Dr. Church, Colonel Baylor brought each a glass of cold water on a tray. They told how Dr. Church had betrayed their cause, and how they had stolen the first letter from the red-headed woman.
“Where is that letter now?” asked Washington.
“Here, sir,” Sarah replied, reaching into her pocket, “And I have another that I saved from the fire as the woman’s son was trying to burn it.”
She handed him both letters and told him about finding other letters like the coded one in Dr. Church’s library, but they had been burned.
“Where is the red-headed boy now?” he asked.
“We don’t know. He left in a hurry.”
“I shall have Colonel Baylor send out a party to look for him.  Now about the other letter you found.  Is it in code?”
“No, sir,” replied Sarah, “It’s in common English, but when you read it, it sounds very odd. I believe that it could be in some sort of code, only I haven’t figured it out yet.”
Jamie said, “She’s already figured out most of the coded letter.”
Washington leaned forward in surprise, “What?”
She dug into her purse and handed him a paper.
“I don’t know if it’s exactly right or not, and there are some words that I can’t make out.  But here’s what I’ve done so far.”
Washington took the letter and read through it.  As he did, his expression brightened and he cried, “This is truly impressive! It tells about the troops and equipment that we have, our plan for commissioning privateers, and our plans to take possession of Canada! How did you ever manage to figure it out?”
Sarah explained in detail the process she had gone through to figure out the meaning of the coded letter.  When she finished, Washington shook his head in disbelief.
“This is truly incredible! I must show this to the men I have working on the translation.”
Washington continued to listen to how they had gone to Newport and warned Mr. Wainwood about sending the letter. When they finished, Washington gave a heavy sigh, declaring, “A remarkable story! Truly remarkable!”
“Thank you, sir.”
Washington said, “You may go now, but be very careful. I advise you to speak to no one about this until we have Dr. Church in custody. I shall see you here at three o’clock tomorrow.”
“Yes, sir. We’ll be here.”
As they stood up to leave, Sarah bumped the desk and a glass tipped over, spilling water over the letters.
“Oh, no! I’m so sorry, sir!” she cried, grabbing the glass and searching for something to mop the desk with.  Washington took out his handkerchief and blotted the water and the papers. He set the letters aside to dry.  Jamie was somewhat embarrassed by her clumsiness, but said nothing.  Sarah apologized again, and looked at the letter from Dr. Church’s library to see if it had suffered any serious damage.  
Suddenly, she realized how the secret code was done!
“That’s it!” she cried, nearly jumping with excitement, “The letter! I know what it says!”

Table of Contents

Chapter 29:  Secrets Decoded

“What?” they both exclaimed, looking at her as if she were insane.
“Look!” she shouted, waving the letter in her hand, “This letter is really two letters written to appear as one! See how the water washed away some of the words, but not all of them? The words that are left leave another message!”
They studied the letter and saw the sentence where her finger was pointing.  The letter had read, “Make sure you take care of the roses on the grave on Charlestown Road, because I will be returning from Lexington. I fear the weather may be too chilly or the road to Boston may be too bumpy, and may lead to a damaged bush of my Red Stroops.” 
But where the ink had been washed away by the water, the only words that were left read, “Make sure you take… the Charlestown Road….  returning from Lexington. I fear… the road to Boston may… lead to am – bush of troops.”
“By God, you’re right!” Washington exclaimed, “Some of the ink washes away and the rest remains, leaving a secret message!”
“He’s using two different kinds of ink,” Jamie concluded, “One must be a water-based ink and the other an oil-based ink.”
“And Dr. Church’s signature appears on this one!” Sarah declared, “I wonder why it was never sent to General Gage.”
“Perhaps he couldn’t get the message delivered in time,” Jamie suggested.
“Perhaps. If he values his life, he will tell us everything.  This is the piece of evidence we need to prove that he has been committing treachery! And now we have the other letter decoded, thanks to you, Sarah.”
Jamie and Sarah grinned with excitement as they shook the General’s hand.

That same morning, a light fog had blanketed the river. Mr. Roberts found old Sam, a boatman, waiting for him in a small rowboat in the harbor.  Mr. Roberts wore a British officer’s uniform he’d gotten from one of the colonists who had to board British soldiers in his home. 
Old Sam rowed him through the chilly mist to the prisoner transport ship, H.M.S. Raven. The ship’s crew was preparing to sail south to St. Augustine, where the prisoners would be incarcerated.  Officers barked out orders while the crew ran back and forth hoisting up sails.
“Wait here for me. I’ll return shortly,” he told Sam.
Everyone was too busy to ask his business, and he found the hold where the prisoners were kept in the lowest deck of the ship.  A one-toothed guard with gray, stubbly cheeks eyed the approaching officer curiously. 
Mr. Roberts said, “I’ve come for one of your prisoners. He’s wanted for questioning by General Gage.”
The guard looked at him suspiciously.
“We’re fixin’ to sail now, sir.”
“I know. That’s why the general wants to question him now, before you go.”
“Does the Captain know?”
“Yes. I have the orders here in my pocket if you need to see them.”
He reached into his red uniform jacket and withdrew a folder paper; a letter he forged from General Gage which might fool a guard, but not a captain. The guard waved it away.
“Oh, that’s aw’ right. I don’t read.  ‘Oo do you want, sir?”
“Jonathan Harper. He was one of the Sons of Liberty.”
“Oh, I see.  What’s your name, sir?”
“Lieutenant Smith, of the Falcon,” Mr. Roberts replied. 
The guard cocked one eye with excited anticipation.
“Are you gonna torture ‘im, sir?”
Mr. Roberts frowned. “Corporal! You know that the Royal Navy does not torture prisoners.”
“Awww,” he groaned in disappointment.
“However,” Mr. Roberts continued, “We may try to persuade him to talk.  We do have some very convincing ways.”
The guard’s face grew a toothless grin as he chuckled, “Aye, I’ll bet you do! Aw’ right!”  
He opened the bars and shouted, “Jonathan ‘arper! Come fo’ward!”
Mr. Roberts looked around to see if anyone was watching them.  The men behind the bars were crowded together in a dark, damp room with no light or fresh air, stinking of unwashed bodies and urine. 
A bedraggled figure appeared at the door.
“You Jonathan ‘arper?” asked the guard.
“Yes,” he replied, squinting in the light. 
“Go with the lieutenant ‘ere and don’t give ‘im no trouble,” the guard warned.
Mr. Roberts looked at Jonathan. His clothes were dirty, his face was unshaven, and a dingy bandage was wound around his head.  There were manacles on his wrists.
“Remove the chains,” Mr. Roberts said.
The guard looked uncertain. “You sure, sir?  What if ‘e tries to get away?”
Mr. Roberts replied, “Then I shall stop him… with this.”
The guard’s eyes traveled to the pistol at his waist.  Grinning, the guard nodded, “Aye! That’ll stop ‘im, aw’ right!”
The guard took out his keys and removed the manacles.  Jonathan rubbed his chaffed wrists.
“Thank you, Corporal,” Mr. Roberts said, and told Jonathan to follow him.
Everyone on deck was busy getting ready to weigh anchor.  Quietly, they slipped down the ladder and into the waiting boat and rowed back to Boston.
Jonathan squinted in the daylight, looking around in disbelief.  Minutes ago he was on his way to a prison in St. Augustine, and now he was on his way back to Boston.
“Where are you taking me?” he asked.
“You’ll soon see,” Mr. Roberts replied, not wanting to speak in front of Sam.
When they reached the shore, Mr. Roberts paid Sam and led Jonathan to his house.
When they were finally alone in the room, Mr. Roberts took off his hat and jacket, saying,
“I’m Mr. Roberts, the artist to whom Jamie is apprenticed. I’ve made arrangements for you to meet with Jamie and Sarah tomorrow night.  You’re probably hungry, too. While you have a bath and a shave, and I’ll make some dinner.”
Jonathan shook his head in disbelief. As he looked around, he saw evidence of the man's trade as a painter.
“Mr. Roberts! I can hardly believe it!” He pumped the man’s hand excitedly. How are Sarah and Jamie?”
“Doing fine. You should stay here until The Raven sails.”
“Do you think the British will come looking for me?”
Mr. Roberts shook his head.
“I told the guard you were wanted for questioning by General Gage.  They have orders to sail and they won’t waste time waiting for you.  Once the ship is out to sea, you’ll be safe. But you should stay here, because if anyone recognized you, you could be arrested again. I’ve sent word to Jamie that we will meet them at the Green Dragon tonight.”
Jonathan stepped forward, saying, “I don’t know how to thank you, Mr. Roberts!”
“You’re quite welcome. I’ve met your daughter, Sarah, and I know Jamie well. They are both admirable, and I’m happy to help them."

In the golden light of dusk, Thomas Pullings found Sarah and Jamie waiting for him at the dock. They had received a message from Mr. Roberts to meet him at the Green Dragon at ten o'clock that evening.
Floating down the river, a symphony of frogs and crickets played upon the evening breeze.  A noise rustled in the tall bull rushes, and a blackbird winged upward, a mere silhouette in the sky.
By the time they reached the open waters of the harbor, night had fallen.  The only lights came from the towering ships anchored nearby, where the Falcon, the Lively, and the Sprite stood like giants at rest. A shallow, creeping fog cloaked their small boat from watchful eyes on the ships.
Mr. Pullings drew the boat alongside the same pier where he had left them before, and whispered quietly, “Go now, and hurry back as soon as you can. I’ll wait here.”

They climbed up the ladder, and soon they were heading towards Orange Street.  The whole town seemed asleep as they hurried through dark alleys. Redcoats patrolled the streets with their rifles ready, but Jamie and Sarah kept hidden in the shadows. After twenty minutes, they arrived at the Green Dragon. Smoke poured out into the street as they opened the heavy wooden door. Sarah looked around the room anxiously, searching among the crowd of soldiers for Mr. Roberts.
“What time is it?” she asked. Jamie pulled out a pocket watch.
“Ten minutes to ten.”
She relaxed, “We’re early. He's not here yet.”
“Let’s get a table and have some cider.”
They found an empty table in the corner and sat down and gave their order. The air was thick with tobacco smoke from clay pipes.  A group of men near the bar broke into bawdy laughter.   
Neither of them spoke. They looked at the crowd of unfamiliar faces. It was so different from the old happy crowd that used to gather here.  Jamie remembered the good times he had spent here with the Sons of Liberty, including Mr. Revere, Dr. Warren, Jonathan Harper, and the others.  Here they had raised their glasses to the toast of “Liberty!” and had all sworn allegiance to their cause upon the Bible- except for Dr. Church. But now it was a den of Tories and British soldiers.  Their toasts were made to King George and to victory for the British army.
When their mugs of cider arrived, Jamie paid the waitress and Sarah leaned forward, asking, “Do you think something has happened?”
Jamie didn’t want to contemplate the thought.  Something could indeed have happened.  Mr. Roberts may have been caught sending his messages, and might now be in the stinking hull of a prison ship, on his way to St. Augustine.
Jamie sipped his cider, pondering his answer.  As he was framing the words in his mind, she cried, “Look!” Her eyes were glowing with relief, “It’s Mr. Roberts!”
When Jamie turned around to see him, he saw that he was dressed as a British officer, and he was alone. 
Mr. Roberts navigated his way through the crowd.  Jamie could not get a clue from his expression as to why he wore a uniform. He smiled briefly when he reached the table.
“You’re on time,” he said, “Good. Sorry I was delayed. You will both return with me to my house, where your father is waiting.”
“Then he’s free?” Sarah cried.
“Shh!” Mr. Roberts whispered hoarsely, “Keep your voice down!”
Sarah regretted her outburst and shrank in silence. They looked around, but no one in the noisy tavern seemed to have taken notice.
Mr. Roberts lowered his voice, leaning in closer to speak.
“I was able to secure his freedom by wearing this,” he explained, “Let's go.”
He led them back through the gas-lit streets. As soon as he opened the door, Sarah saw Jonathan standing before the hearth.
“Father!”  
They embraced tightly, as both shed tears of joy and kissed one another. 
"We've been so worried about you!" Sarah declared, “What happened?"
Mr. Roberts stepped forward.
"That will have to wait. We must go quickly."
Jonathan nodded and put on a jacket and a wide brimmed hat, pulled down to hide his face.
They were soon on the street, moving through the dark shadows of Boston. They passed only one or two people on their way home from a tavern.
Ten minutes later, they were on Orange Street, heading for the lonely pier where Mr. Pullings waited in his boat.
“You there!” cried a man’s voice, “Stop!”
Mr. Roberts froze and looked back to see a Redcoat heading towards them from the Neck.
“Just do as I tell you, and stay calm,” Mr. Roberts told them quietly.
As they waited for the guard to approach them, Sarah squeezed Jamie’s hand nervously and held her breath.
“Good evening, Corporal,” Mr. Roberts smiled. The guard noted his uniform and saluted.
“Good evening, sir. What’s your business being out this way?”
Mr. Roberts replied, “I’m Lieutenant Smith, of the Falcon, and this is my son, James, and my daughter, Sarah. I’m sending them back to Charlestown to their mother. This man here is going to row them across and drop me at my ship.”
The guard looked at the small group suspiciously, and Mr. Roberts nudged Jamie, saying, “Say hello, Jamie.”
Jamie quickly bowed and said, “Good evening, sir.”
Sarah gave him a short curtsey, daring not to reveal her American accent, and Jonathan kept his face down but touched the brim of his hat in greeting.
The guard looked intently at each of them.  Finally, the corporal saluted.
“Right. Just checking, sir." 
“Very good, Corporal.” Mr. Roberts returned the salute and led the group away.  As soon as the guard was out of sight, they ducked into a black alley and cut across to the pier. Jonathan thanked Mr. Roberts once again before they piled into the boat, and Mr. Roberts waved as they pushed off silently into the dark mist.
They reached home in the early hours just before dawn. All the way back to the farm, Sarah and Jamie told Jonathan about how they found the proof that Dr. Church was a traitor and took it to General Washington. When they described their narrow escape from Dr. Church,  Jonathan hugged Sarah once more, grateful to be reunited.  
Jamie shook Jonathan's hand, saying, "It's good to have you back, sir."
"It's good to be home. Mr. Roberts told me about what you did--going to General Gage's wife to find me. That took a lot of courage…from both of you. I owe you my life, and I'll never forget what you've done. I'm very proud of you, and very grateful."
Sarah smiled back at him.
"Thanks, Father. General Washington now has the proof he needs to bring Dr. Church to trial. He's asked us to testify at the court martial."
Jonathan shook his head sadly and sat down.
"I can't believe that Dr. Church was able to deceive us--right under our noses…especially mine, and I didn't believe you. Can you ever forgive me?"
Sarah and Jamie looked at one another, and then smiled at Jonathan.
Sarah said, "Perhaps, if you let us sleep in late this morning."
Jonathan laughed and nodded, "Agreed!"

Table of Contents

Chapter 30: The Trial

Dr. Church’s military court martial was held in early October, 1775, with General Washington acting as judge. The court room was filled with men and women who knew Dr. Church, including most of the Sons of Liberty.  
Jonathan sat with Mr. Holbrook and Paul Revere.  The room was buzzing with excitement, for the very idea that the man who was President of the Committee of Safety and Surgeon General for the Continental Army was being charged with espionage made it all the more shocking.
General Washington began the proceedings by pounding a wooden gavel.  The crowd became silent and then he read the charges.
“We are here to investigate the charge of treason against Dr. Benjamin Church of Boston.  Dr. Church, please rise and give the court your plea.”
Dr. Church held his head high as he stood, appearing confident.
“I plead not guilty, sir.”
“Very well.  Since this is a military court and not a civil court, we will proceed with the case.  The prosecutor will give his testimony and present his witnesses.”
Mr. Willis, a short, stocky man in a blue and buff coat stood up and held a paper in his hand.  
“Dr. Church, was this letter written by you?”
Dr. Church took the letter written in code and glanced at it.
“No,” he replied.
General Washington leaned forward and warned, “I suggest that you look at it closely, Doctor.”
The Doctor looked at it again, and insisted, “I did not write this letter.”
Mr. Willis tilted his head, asking, “You did not give this letter to a woman to be delivered to Major Cane of the British Army?”
“No,” Church replied flatly.
“Very well, then I shall call Elizabeth Mowry!”
Dr. Church turned to see the red-headed woman enter the court room.  She gripped her dark shawl tightly around her shoulders.  She stole a look at him, and his face seemed carved of granite.
After she was sworn in, Mr. Willis showed her the letter and asked, “Is this the letter that Dr. Church gave you to deliver?”
She glanced at it nervously and nodded, “Yes, it is.”
Dr. Church stood up and declared, “That woman is lying! I never gave her that letter!”
Mr. Willis ignored Dr. Church and asked her, “Did you take many letters to General Gage from Dr. Church?”
General Washington stared directly at her, she replied nervously, “Yes.”
“How many?”
“Oh, I can’t remember,” she shrugged.
Mr. Willis turned to Mrs. Mowry, asking,
“How long have you been taking letters to General Gage for Dr. Church?”
She shrugged, “Oh, for a year or two.”
The court room erupted as the astonished spectators gasped.
“She’s lying, I tell you! Those letters were never from me!” Dr. Church insisted.
Mr. Willis told Mrs. Mowry that she could step down for the moment.
“I now call Mr. Robert Wainwood of Newport.”
Through the door at the back of the room, Mr. Wainwood walked into the court and stood before the prosecutor.
“Mr. Wainwood, do you recognize this letter?”
After a short glance, Mr. Wainwood nodded his head, “Yes, I do.”
“And do you see the person who gave you this letter in this court room?”
Mr. Wainwood looked around, and pointed to Mrs. Mowry.
“There she is.  She’s the one who gave it to me.  She wanted it delivered to Captain Wallace.  She wanted him to take the letter to Boston and deliver it to Major Cane, who is General Gage’s aide.”
Excited chatter in the court room prompted Washington to pound his gavel, shouting above the noise, “Order! We will have order in this court, or the room will be cleared!”
Dr. Church addressed General Washington, declaring, “Sir! I demand to be heard! I did not write that letter. She is lying!”
“We shall see, Dr. Church, in good time. Continue with your case, Mr. Willis.”
Mr. Willis, nodded politely and announced, “I now call General Washington to testify.”
The room grew silent as Washington took his place in the witness stand. Mr. Willis held up another letter and asked,
“You were given another letter, General. And I believe this one has Dr. Church’s signature on it, does it not?”
Washington examined the second letter with the ink that had washed off, and he nodded, “Yes, it does.”
“And would you tell the court what the letter says?”
General Washington cleared his throat and then began to read.
“It says, ‘Make sure you take… the Charlestown Road….  returning from Lexington. I fear… the road to Boston may… lead to am – bush of troops.”
The crowd began to exclaim their outrage, and Washington addressed the court once again. “Please! Ladies and gentlemen! I understand your anger, but we must have quiet before we can proceed.”
The uproar subsided.
“I object!” Dr. Church shouted, “That is not my letter, either!”
Washington looked at him, asking, “It isn’t? Then how can you explain that this was found in your own library at your house in Cambridge? When it was first brought to me, it had more words on it, which made it look like any ordinary letter.  But once the ink became wet, some of the words were washed away, and these words were left….this message, one that was clearly meant for the British Army before they had marched to Lexington and Concord.”
Dr. Church demanded angrily, “Whoever told you that was lying!”
General Washington crossed the room and faced Dr. Church defiantly. 
 “Really?” Washington replied, “If that is the case, we now have four people who are lying. Or are you lying?”
Dr. Church clamped his mouth tightly shut, breathing hard through his nostrils.  Finally, a smug smile grew on his lips.
“It doesn’t matter, because you can’t prove any of this.  You have no proof!” 
Washington left the stand and returned to his seat at the desk.  He turned to Mr. Willis, “Mr. Willis, Call those two witnesses that I have waiting.”
Mr. Willis nodded in agreement, and announced, “I call Sarah Harper and James Quayle to the witness stand.”
The door opened and Sarah and Jamie stepped into the room.  Dr. Church’s mouth dropped open and his face went from red to white in a heartbeat.  He slowly dropped into his seat.
Sarah and Jamie stood before Mr. Willis, who asked them, “Would one of you please tell the court how you came to suspect that Dr. Church was giving information to the enemy?”
Sarah and Jamie looked at one another and she nodded her head at him to start. He gazed out at the crowded room and saw many of their friends from the Sons of Liberty. He cleared his throat and began telling them about the night they were at the Green Dragon with the Sons of Liberty, and everyone had sworn on the Bible to keep their secret, except Dr. Church. Then he explained how he had seen Mrs. Mowry at General Gage’s house while he was there painting a mural with Mr. Roberts.  
Sarah told the court how they had taken another letter from Mrs. Mowry that was also written in code. She went on to tell how she and Jamie followed the red-headed woman and her son to Newport.  She described other letters, some written in code, found at Dr. Church’s house.
“What happened to those?” asked Mr. Willis.
Sarah replied, “Mrs. Mowry’s son came in and held a pistol on us while he threw them into the fire.  While Jamie tried to stop him, I managed to get one of the letters out, but the others burned.”
“And this is the letter that had the two different types of ink,” concluded Willis.
“Yes, sir.”
Willis nodded.
“Thank you, Miss Harper. You may step down. I now call Corporal Joshua LaBlanc of the Continental Army.”
The door opened once more and Joshua stepped into the court room wearing a blue uniform and black leather boots.  He smiled at Sarah and Jamie as he took his place.
"Corporal, please tell us what did you do before you joined the Continental Army?”
Joshua replied, “I was a groom for General Gage. I took care of the officers’ horses at the General’s house in Boston, sir.”
Willis nodded, and asked, “And you can confirm that letters were delivered to General Gage?”
Joshua nodded, “I sure can! It was her!” He pointed to Mrs. Mowry. “She was there lots of times; a regular visitor.”
Willis asked him, “And was there anyone else you saw at the Governor’s house?”
Joshua looked around and his eyes settled on Dr. Church.  He pointed his finger at him and said, “He was there, too.  Dr. Church came several times. I even saw him talking to the General once.”
The crowd exploded into angry voices, and Washington banged his gavel to restore order. Dr. Church looked stricken with fear, shaking his head in denial.
When it was quiet, Mr. Willis asked, “And when did you last see Dr. Church at the General’s house?”
Joshua rubbed his chin in thought and said, “Just after the battle at Lexington…in May.”
“Thank you, Joshua. You may step down,” said Mr. Willis, over the buzz of angry spectators.
“Thank you, Mr. Willis,” Washington said, “Are there any more witnesses?”
“Not at this time, sir.”
Washington turned to Dr. Church, “Then I would like to ask you one more time.  Did you or did you not write those letters?”
Dr. Church’s face was contorted with fury.  His nostrils flared and his chest heaved with every breath.
“Yes, I wrote them! But they were not to General Gage! They were to my brother Fleming, in Boston!”
“Then you deny that you ever went to the General’s house in Boston and spoke to him personally, as the Corporal has just testified?”
Dr. Church jabbed a finger towards Joshua and cried, “Him? You would take his word over mine? I tell you, that young man is lying! They all are!”
“And why would all these people be lying, Dr. Church?  Do they have some reason to fabricate these lies about you?”
Dr. Church looked around as if pleading for help, but everyone stared at him in silence awaiting his reply.  Finally, he turned and pointed at Jamie.
“They are protecting him! He’s the one who gave General Gage the letters and told him information! It wasn’t me! That boy was in Boston and was at the General’s house every day! He has gotten all his friends to lie for him!”
Washington replied, “I don’t think that Mrs. Mowry would agree to lie for him, but let’s ask her, shall we?  Mrs. Mowry, please step up here. Dr. Church, please sit down.”
Despite his anger, Dr. Church sank into his chair, perching on the edge of it, ready to spring up at any moment.
“Mrs. Mowry,” Washington began, “Did you lie to this court about Dr. Church writing the letters that he gave to you?”
“No, sir! I swear I didn’t!” she cried.
“Then can you explain why Dr. Church would give information to the British that would endanger the lives of our own army, including people who trusted him and counted him as their friend?”
“Yes, sir. I certainly can. It was for the money.  General Gage gave him lots of money.  And the Doctor told me if I ever told anyone about it, he’d throw me and my son out of his house.  We didn’t have nowhere to go, sir! We had no home of our own!”
“And he made you deliver those letters to Gage for him?”
She nodded, looking frightened, “Yes, sir! Dr. Church is a very bad man! He told me he wanted to kill them two young people, Sarah and Jamie!”
Washington pounded his gavel again at the court’s outburst.
“Thank you, Mrs. Mowry, you may go back to your seat.  And now, this court martial is concluded.  Dr. Church will remain in custody until his case is brought before the Massachusetts House of Representatives, who will decide his fate.  At the very least, he will be expelled from Congress, of that I am certain,” he said, turning to Dr. Church, “As to whether you will face prison or hanging, I cannot say.  Dr. Church, I believe that I am speaking for everyone here when I say that we are all deeply shocked and horrified by your actions.  Many of us here have lost good friends and family members in the fight for freedom.  And you helped to murder those people…people who have given up their lives for our cause.  There are no words to describe the evil you have done! May God have mercy on your soul! Dismissed!”
The uniformed guards at the door took Dr. Church into custody and marched him out of the court room as everyone jumped from their seats and rushed to the doors. Sarah and Jamie sighed with relief, and then hugged.
“We did it!” she cried, hugging Joshua as well.
Jonathan and Revere appeared at their side, smiling at the three of them.
“You did, indeed!” cried Paul Revere, grinning broadly, “If it hadn’t been for you three, Dr. Church would still be selling us out!  You’ve done us all a worthy deed today!
Jonathan stepped forward, looking sheepishly at Sarah. “Will you ever forgive me for not believing you?”
She grinned and gave him a hug, “Of course I do!”
The crowd parted as General Washington walked towards them. He stopped and faced the three teens.
“I would like to thank each of you personally for what you have done.  I know that this was done at a great risk to your own safety.  Many others, much older and more experienced, would have given up…but you three persisted, and now Dr. Church will remain in prison until his sentencing.”
He shook their hands and left, surrounded by a crowd of uniformed men.
The three of them left the court room together, passing the astonished faces of people who congratulated them, including school mates who regarded them with admiration. 
Outside, Jonathan stood with Mr. Revere and Mr. Roberts, discussing whether Dr. Church would be imprisoned or hanged.
Joshua turned to Jamie and Sarah and held out his hand. Jamie and Sarah both shook it as he said, “I’ll have to go back to camp now. We’re fixin’ to march south tomorrow.”
“I wish I could go with you,” Jamie said wistfully as they walked Joshua to his horse.
“My father’s going too,” Sarah said to Jamie, “and you promised him that you’d stick by me.”
Jamie nodded, “Yes, I did. So it looks like you’re stuck with me.”
“Well, someone’s got to take care of you, I suppose,” she said.
“Take care of me!” he cried in astonishment.
“Hey!” Joshua interceded, hoping to avoid another argument, “I think you two better watch out for each other!”
Sarah pleaded, “Joshua, promise that you’ll write to us, and let us know what you’re doing,” 
“I will. And you better write back,” Joshua insisted.
“We will! Promise!” Sarah cried as Joshua got on his horse and rode away.
Jamie turned to her with a look of admiration and said, “We never could have stopped Dr. Church if you hadn’t cracked those coded letters.”
She smiled humbly. “Thanks. But you did a lot, too.”
“I think we make a good team,” Jamie concluded.
She put her arm through his and grinned.
“I think we do, too.”

Table of Contents

Epilogue

Dr. Benjamin Church was expelled from his positions in the House of Representatives and as Director General of Hospitals. In November, 1775 he was sent to prison in Connecticut. Two years later, because Dr. Church was declared to be in poor health, he was given permission by Congress to leave the country and go to the West Indies. He boarded a ship which was later believed to be lost at sea. Dr. Church and his ship had disappeared; they were never seen again.

