THE LAST DREAMWEAVER
a novel

by Nathan Bassett

Copyright 2010 Nathan Bassett
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



PROLOGUE

It was just a dream; the kind that seems so real it haunts and disturbs your sense of reality. Standing with my mother and father in the rain, a cold sort of rain that seeps deep into your bones and won’t let go. The wet draining into my shoes, soaking my socks, my mom is working hard to hold them back, but her sobs pierce my heart and soul like a jagged knife that is only satisfied when there is no more life left. My father stands motionless, dead in his own way. A preacher utters words that are far, far away and make no sense. Others—grandparents, uncles, aunts, cousins, strangers, nobodies—offer constrained sobs as the coffin slips into the black abyss. I see myself standing there silent but wanting to scream, wanting to let the tears take over and allow grief to carry me away forever, carry me to where my brother now is. I look into his grave, raindrops hitting and dancing on his coffin. Then I turn to my parents and scream, This is my fault, all my fault. Then it stops, like dreams are supposed to. It’s over just like it should be. I thought it was a dream. I hoped it was a dream.




CHAPTER ONE

To change the past is to change the future, and that is a very dangerous proposition.

I don’t believe in ghosts, werewolves, vampires, fairies, aliens … let’s just say fantasy of any sort. And no offense intended, but any respect for those who spend their precious and irreplaceable time reading such drivel is virtually nonexistent. And for those crazies who actually believe in any such garbage, geez, come on, get a life. And I certainly did not believe in … it’s hard for me to even say this … time travel. I can no longer say I don’t.
This wavering of my religious devotion to the sane and obvious realities that make the world a predictable and safe place came when someone dared to thrust himself into my life. This someone invaded my well-thought-out and comfortably benign view of the world that is. This individual forced me into a realm I did not believe could exist; a world where the actuality of what is seen and touched and smelt no longer assures us that tomorrow will follow on from what we made of today.
***
Sky. I met him before I met him. He changed my past and my future before and after I knew him. He forced me on a journey I did not want. This journey still haunts, still perplexes and has left so many questions which I fear have no answers. Sky had a gift, a secret, a power, a curse, an ability he himself did not understand. And unfortunately, he did not have the maturity to control this impossible talent. It is a strange twist of fate, but his heart, his good intentions and his secret need to be loved, made this blessing a curse that threatened the past and future of the innocent and unaware. You see, Sky could change the past and thereby alter the future. He called this Time Bending. 
Sky. He is the hero and perhaps the villain. I was simply a passenger unaware, perhaps accidentally, perhaps not, boarding a fated train, a train once aboard, you can never disembark. 
***
The following account chronicles a dark period I lived but did not live; a story that is fiction and at the same time as real as the moment we are living with this and the next breath. What I relay comes not from any memory of mine but from experiences I apparently lived. Now, I cannot vouch that what follows is all true. You are left to judge for yourself. What follows comes from what Sky described to me. 
It was a Friday, November the 18th. I had been in the hospital for three weeks. One week in the intensive care unit and two weeks in a different kind of hospital, the adolescent unit at Saint Anthony Hospital, the psych ward. Saint Anthony, the patron saint of lost things, and it is said he had a gift for finding lost children. Lost children—too many lost children and Sky is one of them. Where is Saint Anthony now? 
I was in the psychiatric ward after a very serious suicide attempt; that’s what the slow talking Asian doctor would remind me when I insisted I was ready to go home. “Alexander, what you did, very serious. You will stay with us longer.” Took too many pills, followed by a fifth of Vodka. I must have done my research, Googled it; most lethal ways to get the job done. Evidently, I was very close to getting it done.
Why would a seventeen-year-old guy with a promising future beckoning commit such a senseless and selfish act? The story is this. The day before Halloween I ditched school, no reason, just one of those days. It was a Friday, the thankful end of a tough-ass week. But with all tests done, all homework completed, I deserved a break. I almost asked Adrian to ditch with me, but didn’t. That day—at least a day Sky said had most certainly happened in another reality—there was a school shooting; three students shot dead before the shooter, a ninth-grader, shot himself. The too common and tragic story—the haters, the wannabes, those so full of self-loathing that they have to dismantle the weak and vulnerable kids, trying in some perverted way to feel good about themselves. So they bully, tear down and tear apart the already suffering kid. You know the ones: The Outsider, The Hurt, The Helpless. Some mother’s son or daughter becomes the brunt of heartless teenagers’ jokes and laughter. Finally pushed to the edge of sanity’s cliff and one night they plummet off the precipice. The anger, the rage, the hurt takes over. Enough is enough. Unlock stepdad’s gun safe. Go to school. Show them what they did to you. Give them what they deserve. End it all. Adrian was one of the three. 
My assumption is that guilt along with unrelenting sorrow, wrapped itself in black as night anger until a deadly self-loathing took over. The unbearable physical pain of soul-devouring grief would have torn apart my heart and finally ripped it out. Enough is enough. Death sounds pretty good. Relief. Peace. End it. According to Sky, I tried and failed.
I shared a room with Sky at the hospital. He was there for his own reasons. Just Crazy. That was his declaration when asked why he was in the hospital. Uncontrollable fits of hurt fueled anger would take over, tearing up whatever was his home at that moment and back to the hospital he would go. Sixteen and lost. That is Sky by his own admission. Four times he’d been in the hospital, the psych ward. He lost his family when he was twelve. Then, in this and that foster home or group home, until his grandfather finally got custody only to die a year later of cancer. Then it was off to an Indian boarding school. I didn’t say that did I? Sky is a rightfully proud full-blooded Native American, Cheyenne and Apache. His long, silky jet-black hair is nearly always pulled back in a ponytail. His oversized, nearly black eyes are haunting; those eyes would stare right through you when he was angry or having a mood; a bout of depression that would move in and out like the tide. Every few days this strange mood would take over and hang around for a day or two. It took a while to learn, but you’d best just leave him alone while the mood persisted. But his good days, or should I say, good moments, were always marked by a smile that would disarm the vilest and meanest of all villains. That smile … well, that is just a gift only a few possess, a gift of making others feel accepted, appreciated, almost special. His smile would help you believe that life is, after all, not so bad. It is a pity that smile did not come more often.
“What if your brother didn’t die? If he was still alive, you’d be happy again. Eh?”
Evidently, this question from Sky one night when we were supposed to be asleep fueled a shot of anger, my response? “Shut your freak’n mouth and leave me alone. Go to sleep.”
“You wouldn’t be here. You wouldn’t have tried to off yourself.”
“Shut up.”
“You’d be home now. If he hadn’t died, everything would be good.”
“Yeah, just shut it. He ain’t here and he ain’t coming back. Okay? I’m not going to talk about … about what ifs.” Such talk to someone torn into unrecognizable fragments by grief is thoughtless and cruel, showing ignorance or cold callousness, maybe both. I must have been seething as Sky went on about this. Probably wanted to thrash him to senselessness. Don’t know why I didn’t. Maybe my grief had started to numb me, disconnected me in an effort to survive. But Sky went on. 
“I can change things. I can change it. So it didn’t happen. I can.”
Sky says I didn’t respond to that. I imagine I was too angry to open my mouth, or maybe too shocked at the statement, not believing he was saying what he seemed to be saying. I know I must have thought he was damn crazy. 
“I can help you change it. So it didn’t happen. I know that sounds crazy. But I can. Change it. Your brother, he could be alive now.” He has a tendency to speed up his cadence when he goes on about things, and I imagine that was the case as he kept repeating himself that night. 
“Really?” I finally responded, no doubt with exaggerated sarcasm. Then I said, “Just shut your freaking face. You are crazy.” Of course, I knew he was crazy—delusional and grandiose is how the doctors talked about him. 
“Really, I can. It is a bit dangerous but I can.”
“Is that so?” I’d likely told myself I would humor the idiot, just play into his delusion. Why not? Just a bit of entertainment. But too, I know I would have so wanted it to be true. “And how do you do such things. I’ve met earth’s first true time traveler, have I?”
“No. Well, not exactly. And there are a few others,” Sky said. Then he got up and sat on the edge of his bed. “Technically … it’s not time travel. But maybe it is sort of like that. We call it bending time. I’ll tell you this. There are lots of things White people don’t understand about the world, about spiritual realities. Indians … we see more, understand more. We respect the spiritual, the mystery of creation. We’re in tune with realities you are not aware of.”
“I’m sure that’s true. But you can’t change the past. We lived it, done and over. Have to accept it and move on. That’s life. Can’t fight it,” I whispered that phrase again. “Can’t fight it.”
“You don’t have to believe me. But what if I am right? Telling you the God’s honest truth. Your brother could be alive. Don’t you want to try?”
“No. Nooo! You’re talking crazy shit, Sky. And that’s why you’re here. For talking like that.” I knew it was utter nonsense. Of course, I would have wanted to believe it with all my heart. So I must have given in to that ridiculous, innate desire humans have to believe in fantasy when reality is too scary, or too boring, or, in my case, too painful. So I kept listening and asking questions. “And how do you do it? Change the past or the future. Whatever it is you think you can do. What is this power you have? This secret time machine.”
“I will tell. But you must promise. This is secret stuff. Nothing to be talked about, shared with no one. No way. Understand? Never ever. You knowing these things … it could make things dangerous for you, your family even. Keep quiet about it and things will be fine. Got it?”
Very incredulous I’m sure, and with any sense of fantasy becoming reality fading fast, my response no doubt came out with blatant sarcasm, which probably would have gone undetected by this crazy kid. I said, “Oh. Your secret is safe with me. Promise. So how do you do it? Change lives and history?”
“I come from a line of Dreamweavers. My grandfather taught me. Was teaching me. He died of cancer. Two years ago. Been alone since then. All alone. Just as soon be in this hospital as anywhere else. Sorry. The dream. It is the dream. A Dreamweaver can enter into your dreams, take you back … to the day before something happened, when a choice was a mistake and led to something bad, something you regretted. We can warn you about what is going to happen, so you can make a different choice. Does that make sense? Now, if you heed the warning, the dream … then you make a different choice than what was … and your future will change. See? You’ve heard people say they had a dream about something that was going to happen? Right?”
“I suppose.”
“That’s Dreamweavers at work. Yes?”
“Sure.” I really can’t imagine all the things I must have been thinking and feeling at this point. But I’m sure one feeling was one of pity, feeling sorry for this delusional sixteen-year-old. It’s a sad thing to see a kid with schizophrenia. But evidently, I went on and played the game with him, feeding into his delusion. “Sounds amazing.”
“I can help you. Save your brother. Go back and warn you. So you don’t let him go to school that day. Eh? If you let me, I can help you. I can save him.”
Sky said I didn’t say anything at this point. What could I say? He went on. “Tonight, when you’re asleep I’ll join your dreams; lead you back to the night before the shooting. I just have to touch you … while you sleep … just your shoulder. I just need your permission. Okay?”
“No. I don’t think so. I don’t … no. Forget about it. Okay? I’m sorry, just forget it.”
Sky ignored my firm declaration. “Now, understand, it can be dangerous. Dangerous because … well if I give a person a warning and they don’t listen, don’t do anything about it … they can be overwhelmed with guilt. It can make things worse then. That’s the risk. But I think it is worth the risk, to save your brother. And … and there’s always a risk of a … a ripple, but no, don’t worry about that. No, we don’t have to worry about that. It’s just about you and your brother. So? Shall we do it? Eh?”
“Sky. Really. No thanks.”
“What do you have to lose? Think about that. If nothing happens, well, you wake up tomorrow here and tell me I was crazy. But, if I can do what I say … give your brother back his life, then you wake up tomorrow at home, your brother there. Think about that.”
I’m sure I just wanted to shut him up at this point, “Whatever. Just do what you want. You have my … oh God, this is stupid. You have my permission.”
“Great. Great. You won’t be sorry. Now here’s the thing. If you heed the warning, I’ll wake up tomorrow and you won’t be here, because you will not have tried to off yourself. You won’t remember me, because you will never have met me. The last three weeks as we know it now will not have happened. That’s the way it works. I remember you, but you don’t remember me, ‘cause you never ever met me. Crazy, eh?”
“Yeah, but I would want to thank you. I would owe you big time.” Said with a full dose of exaggerated but undetected sarcasm I’m sure.
“You don’t understand. We will have never met. You wouldn’t know me, certainly not believe me if I tried to tell you what happened. I’ll just be a vague, blurry figure from a dream. And anyway, it breaks the rules. Can cause trouble.”
“I’ll take back my permission then. Unless you promise to come and see me and tell me about this night.”
“You stupid or what? You wouldn’t know me. Wouldn’t believe me. You would just think I was crazy.”
Of course I already knew that, but for some reason, I did something very out of character, I said, “I’ll write myself a letter, right now, give it to you. You bring it to my house and show it to me.” Maybe I was reluctantly pulled into his crazy delusion at this point, but I would rather think I was just having fun with him. But maybe something in me thought, what do I have to lose? Yeah, a bit of dignity for almost believing a crazy kid but who would ever know, know. I’ll wake up in the morning, grab my letter and tear it up and apologize to Sky for egging him on. So I did write a letter and gave it to Sky and went to bed. No doubt I went to bed thinking he was as crazy as crazy can be; but too, there must have been something churning inside me that desperately wanted to believe that fantasies, that dreams do sometimes invade and breech reality.





Friday, November 18 – RESET ONE

CHAPTER TWO

Three endless weeks had passed, since that day. It seemed like each hour of each day since was an Everest to be conquered. Emotions on a cruel and endless rampage, that describes the weeks that followed the day of the shooting. 
Each student dealt with the tragedy in his or her own unique way. Some cried without stopping, some refused to cry, at least in public. Some surrounded themselves with friends, others chose to be left alone with their families, while others became detached, shutting down any emotions at all, trying to pretend it wasn’t real. Common for all of us were the questions spinning nonstop in our heads: How could this happen to us? Why? What was wrong with that kid, Taylor, that he would do such a thing? Why didn’t someone help him, stop him? Why my friend? Why him? Why her? Can we ever feel safe again? Will we ever be safe again? Questions that had to be asked, but questions we dare not voice because of the fear that there were no answers. Adrian and I had just gone back to school that week. Only half the students had dared to return to the arena of horror, the corridors, and classrooms where blood had flowed, where bodies lay lifeless. Four students and one teacher remained in the hospital, still recovering from physical injuries and facing emotional wounds that would never fade. 
Maybe it helped that we had not been there that day. I don’t know. I know at times we both felt overwhelming guilt for not being there. The inevitable and cruel what ifs. Maybe we could have helped. Stopped it, helped the hurt and dying. Done something. And it felt so wrong, so unfair, that we escaped—escaped the horror. Not going through it with everyone else couldn’t be right. And there is the guilt of being alive when too many were dead.
We both felt this guilt and shame—we should have been there. Our parents thanked God we weren’t, thanked God they did not have to go through the hours of wondering if we were among the victims. Go through the unthinkable of burying your own child. Is it right to thank God for being alive when too many families had buried their children and whose lives would be forever altered, families shattered with heartache unspeakable? 
The last funeral was a week ago; the youngest, a fourteen-year-old. I didn’t know her, but she was pretty, with such an innocent face. They said she was a straight-A student with the world in front of her. Life … Death can be so unfair. Monday, when the high school reopened, many parents protested, too soon. Plenty of parents took their children out of JFK High School to send them to private schools or just homeschool them. Families desperate, hoping somehow to run away from the nightmare that promised to never end. Then there were those of us that decided to return, try to get back to normality. No, that’s not right. Things could never be normal ever again, could they? Time heals, they say. Does it? 
Sooner or later we all would have to move on. Adrian and I, with the love and encouragement from our parents, decided to go back to school on the Monday school reopened. As a family, we decided that healing would only take place by facing the fears, the hurts and determine to move forward, not forgetting what happened, not forgetting those who died, but honoring and celebrating the lives they had lived and by embracing the gift of life that lay in front of us. 
It was not easy. Lots of tears, lots of hugs. A lot of “Please excuse me out of class for a while.” Off to cry, to scream, to shake uncontrollably, or off to see the grief counselors that were ready and waiting all that week. The teachers understood. They were suffering too. Putting on tight-lipped smiles, trying to assure us things were fine now, but often they would excuse themselves from a class, to hide a quick round of sobbing. Teachers were trying hard to pull it together, putting on brave faces to help us through the day, the week, through life. Somehow, we made it through that first week back. Healing? No. Healing was the impossible salvation the therapists kept promising would soon restore our broken souls.  Healing? No. Those who claim to have healed are just pretending—it is simply the pretense of being okay.  Okay was impossible, now or ever. 
Friday afternoon, Adrian and I were unwinding, yeah, decompressing, that’s what the counselors at school called it. You’ve got to take care of yourselves, that’s what they kept telling us. We submersed ourselves in the latest version of Grand Theft Auto on the PlayStation. Working hard to get a whole jungle of emotions under control by escaping, getting angry at a lifeless game—lest the hidden guilt, anger and confusion erupt on one another. 
Something I didn’t say about Adrian, yeah, he was the jock, the pretty boy, girls chasing after him since sixth grade. But too he was the impulsive one, act, never think, that was his motto. As you can imagine that made him “The Problem Child,” Oh, some put it this way, “He’s just the fun-loving one.” Even though I’m older, since I was in eighth grade I felt a bit overshadowed by Adrian. But I had accepted my role as the quiet one, the sensible one, the one who has to put the brakes on, reign the wild one in at times; more and more that was getting harder. I was no longer bigger and stronger, and big brother had long ago slipped out of hero status. 
“Got your dumb ass again, you useless punk. Dead again. Game over. Let’s go again.” As Adrian said that, the doorbell rang. We ignored it. It rang again and again. 
“Who the hell? Go tell him to get lost. Punch his ugly face in. Shit. Let me go, I’ll teach the prick a lesson.”
“Yeah right, you go.” As I said that I stood up and went down the stairs knowing Adrain would gleefully teach the obnoxious bell-ringer an unforgettable lesson. I was sure that just a bit of in-your-face rudeness would be enough.





CHAPTER THREE

A dark-skinned face peered hard through the front door’s windowpane. A scary looking creature and Halloween is supposed to be over was my first thought. Maybe a homeless beggar, no too young. Certainly not a neighbor. Not some kid selling Girl Scout cookies. The bell rang again. I swung the door open and shouted through the storm door … well, I won’t say exactly what was uttered; use your imagination.  
The persistent little bastard just threw his hands up, took half a step back and shouted back. “Alex? Great! It is you. Eh? Open the damn door.”
More expletives which were very rudely ignored. 
“I need to talk with you. I … I have an important letter for you.”
I hesitated a second, taken back by his declaration and by a very disarming smile and dark brown eyes that seemed to gleam with a sort of celebration of life. I shook my head, then said, “Mail it and get the hell away from here.”
“Come on. Just a few minutes. You wanted me to … No. Hey, I’ve come a long way to meet you. Your brother? He’s alive. Right?”
“Dude just leave, you’re sounding really creepy now.”
“I’ll just sit here on the porch until you come out.” The boy turned around and sat on the steps of the porch. He straightened his braided ponytail down the small of his back. 
I cracked the storm door and said, “I’m calling the police.” 
“Sure. Go on then.” He turned his head around, shrugged his shoulders. “A couple of minutes, that’s all.” 
Enough. I gave in. I stepped outside walked down the three steps of the porch, crossed my arms, looked at two eyes bulging with a strange glint of excitement and shook my head. His eerily charming smile grew. He said, “It’s good to see you again, Alex. It’s good to see you.”
“What are you on about? I think you better go. Get away from here. Now!” Initial shock at this kid’s craziness quickly gave way to rock hard disgust mixed with swirling anxiety. Disgust that this guy must be some kind of pervert and fear of what I might have gotten myself into by just talking with him.
“Just listen for a sec. You asked me to come. I met you in a hospital, the psych ward. You tried to off yourself. After your brother died in the shooting at JFK, but I changed it.”
“Oh my God! You are crazy!” I started up toward the porch.
“Just read this. If you can tell me you didn’t write it, I’ll disappear forever and put myself back in the St. Tony’s. Here. Just look at it. Read it. Eh?” I took a stride for the door. “You gotta be curious. Take a look.” He stood up and thrust a crumpled sheet into my hand.
Blatant disbelief slipped into a numb hollowness as I read through the letter which looked in an uncanny way much like my own horrid penmanship. 
Dear Al-butt—Only Adrian calls me that, no one else could possibly know this. Of course, I’m just wasting time writing this letter to myself. Stupid, I know. I’ll tear it up tomorrow, I’d hate for anyone to think I’m the crazy one. A crazy Indian said he could change things, so Adrian didn’t die. So I didn’t end up trying to kill myself and get myself locked away in the psych ward. Something about dreams and changing choices we make so we can change the future. So—can’t believe I’m writing this—if some crazy looking Indian comes and gives you this letter, it worked. Adrian didn’t die in the shooting, so you better listen to him. Oh and just so you know this is me or is you. Remember, you got that marijuana under the baseboard in the attic. Don’t let it go to waste. Another secret no one could know about. It was a family joke. We used to tell our parents that’s where we hid the weed we never had. As I finished the letter my voice was loud and hot. I was seething. “How’d you do this? How?”
“It’s your writing. Yeah? Things only you would know. Eh? I met you in the hospital. You let me go into your dreams, back to the day before the shooting. I told you that you had to keep your brother from going to school the next day. I warned you. You listened. He’s alive. He didn’t die. Think about it. You remember? In your dream that night, some little crazy Indian standing with you on the roof of the school watching things blow up. Telling you something really bad was going to happen, to stay away, you and your brother.” Sky patted my shoulder and with an irritating grin said, “It was me.” 
“Impossible. No. How could you … my dream.” My legs were on the verge of collapse. He knew my dream. I slowly lowered my body and sat on the top step of the porch and grabbed my head; my fingers dug into my skull. Should I believe this? Could I? Too crazy, too impossible. 
“It was me, Alex. We saved your brother. He wasn’t one of the three that died. It worked.”
“Three? Three! Where have you been? It was twelve, two teachers, ten kids, plus the … Taylor. The crazy kid, the … shooter. How could you not know that?”
A frenzied and eerie scream morphed into a moan that sounded like a large animal dying a slow death. “NOOO! Twelve? Nooo! Not possible!” Sky ran down the steps. He stood motionless for a moment, then bent over, grabbed his knees and heaved up whatever lunch he had into the holly bush. “Can’t be. My God. What have I …? No. This is … my God. No, you’re wrong. Two would have died. No. Not twelve.”
“What do you mean? It was twelve. The last funeral was last week.”
“I … it changed … the future. More died, not less. Your brother being there that day … he must have … done something to stop it being worse. You said he was shot in the parking lot. He must have been able to warn someone. He did something and it saved the others. But he wasn’t there. My grandfather, he’ll never forgive this. I’ve ruined everything … so many people … gone, dead.” He threw up again.






CHAPTER FOUR

What is reality? That early evening with the sun edging past the skyline, my understanding, my definition of reality burst into a million unanswerable questions. Reality is supposed to be the state of the world as it really is and not what we wish it would be or think it should be. Reality is what is. It’s what we did yesterday that leads to today and gets us ready to build our tomorrows. Simple enough. All of a sudden it made no sense. Is reality a variable? Full of the unknown? Of surprises? Can reality be fluid? Do mysteries really exist? Realities outside realities. Realities inside realities. All of a sudden life, the past, the future, were no longer defined in simple this and that terms. Fantasy crashing into the ordinary, if that is true, how then should we live? In openness to the unknown, the unbelievable, that is a very uncomfortable prospect.
I had to get Sky away, from the house and my brother. My parents would be home soon and any explanation of this weird Native American with an impossible story and unfathomable dilemma would never be understood, accepted, acceptable. I shouted up to Adrian, well engrossed in his fantasy games, that I was going to get some gas. 
We quickly left in my aged and derelict Ford Focus and drove to a park the other side of the river, the other side of Tulsa. We sat silent on the grass hardly noticing the autumn sun slipping doggedly beneath the horizon. Sky lay down on cold, damp grass. Staring straight up into the fading light, he finally said, “We have to figure this out. We have to fix it. Have to.” Then, in a bare whisper, he kept repeating, have to. Fix this.
“Another dream. Warn me in another dream again.” To have such words spun together by my very sane and logical brain was surreal.  And so bizarre to have the astounding thought that tragedy could possibly be fixed; those kids, those families saved. History is rewritten. These thoughts fed penetrating and undefinable emotions. 
Sky sat up, shook his head hard. “No. Won’t work. We have to go back. Further. To the source, Taylor, Somehow have to get back to him.”
“But … he’s dead.” I was still trying to get my head around impossible concepts.
His words seemed to increase in cadence and volume with each syllable. “Doesn’t matter. If I can get to his family, into their dreams, go back, and warn them. Have to do that way.”  
“God. His family is long gone. Disappeared. Death threats. Everyone was ready to take their anger out on them. No one knows where they are. And … how ya going to get anyone to believe … believe this kind of stuff? We’d both end up in the hospital as certified lunatics.”
Sky ignored any words that came out of my mouth. He lay back down and sighed. When his words came out, he seemed to be talking to himself. “If he has a brother, a sister. That would be it. Have to do it that way. Go through them. Shit. He’d better have a damn brother or sister.” His voice became louder. “There’s ways to find them. Kids don’t hide. Can’t bear to live without their phones, can’t survive without contact with their crazy friends. Yeah.” He sat up quickly and hit my shoulder. “Did he have a sister? Brother?” 
“Yeah, a sister, Sixteen, Adrian knew her. He actually dated her for a short minute. He won’t admit that now. I tell you this, he always said she was … how’d he put it? A damn drama lover. Told her he’d cheated just so she’d break up with him. That was a year ago. But they’ve disappeared. We’ll never find …”
“Don’t. Quit worrying about every freak’n thing. Your brother knows her. We’ll need him. He can sell the story to her. Get her to buy it. I have to have her permission you know. To dreamweave, this has to work. We’ll find her. We’ll convince her. And we’ll save those people. First … damn it, I hate this, we have to … get your brother involved. Shit. I’m breaking the rules, ignoring all the principles. I can’t do this. No. No. shit, I have to do this. You know, even talking to White people about Dreamweaving, well we’re not supposed to. This ain’t good, ain’t right. But … but I have to. Oh God, I screwed everything up. I got to fix it. Your brother, we’ll need him. And we need a plan. How to … get him to understand, believe.”
“Yeah, Right. There’s no way …”
“Alex! Shut up. Of course, there is. We’ll do it because we have to.”
At that moment—a revelation, a realization, this was real, no dream. Reality I was now part of something fantastic. It was scary, it was exciting, and it was daunting. Somehow, suddenly, I felt ready for this task, this calling, this adventure. “Yeah, we will. We can … do it. We can save those kids, those families.” After those words came out, a wave of embarrassment swept through my gut and the thought returned, how ridiculous, this is insane, this can’t be happening.
Sky stood up and motioned me up. “It’s dangerous, Alex. But we have no choice.”
Dangerous? I actually don’t remember him saying that that night. Off we went to convert my brother, introduce him to a new reality. I didn’t know how dangerous that reality would be.





CHAPTER FIVE

“You think I’m an idiot, don’t you? Where’d you find this dude anyway? Dreamweaver? Time Bending? Yeah, right. When’d you two write this letter anyway? But enough of this shit. Joke’s over. Good one, but it ain’t funny.” Adrian took the last bite of his pancake, sipped his Coke, then laughed and said, “I give it to you … not bad. Dreamweaving. Yeah, right. Didn’t know you could be so creative, Al-butt.”
We’d taken Adrian to Uncle Charlie’s, an old-time diner usually full of retired couples. We often went there with a few choice friends. Countless late nights—after a ball game or end of semester exams or often when we were just bored with life—we’d head out to grab some pancakes, maybe some ice cream and yak late into the night, talking; about girls, sports, clueless and burnout teachers, usually with no end of laughter. Only twice had we been asked to leave for being too rowdy. It was our little hideaway to get away from friends we were tired of. What teenager wants to go to a place full of grandparent types? There was no better place to introduce Adrian to fantasy become reality and recruit him for a life and death mission than Uncle Charlie’s. In a quiet corner booth, filling him up with his favorite junk food, we prepared him for the incredible, the impossible. It wasn’t going well.
“You think I could make something like that up?” I leaned forward and shook my head. “No way.”
Adrian drew his face toward mine, nodded. “Of course you could.” He leaned back and laughed. “Come on. Pay the bill. Let’s go home. I wanna tell Mom and Dad about this. Give them a good laugh.”
Sky let out a quick breath, and then a low-pitched growl emerged. Suddenly, he grabbed Adrian’s wrist and clamped it tight. Adrian tried to yank his arm back, but Sky jerked his arm forward and squeezed harder. He looked into my brother’s eyes. Sky’s pupils turned cold black, full of intensity—not anger, mind you, but it was scarier than someone flying into a crazy rage of uncontrolled anger. “This ain’t a game. It ain’t no joke. It’s about saving people. Life and death. Freak’n hell. Life and death! I don’t care if you don’t believe us. But you’re gonna do this, you little piece of ...” Sky took in a quick but deep breath. “You are gonna find Taylor’s sister, and get her to help us.”
Adrian twisted his wrist hard, freed his arm and jerked it back. He rubbed his wrist. “Touch me again creep and both your arms will be broke in two. Shit. This is nonsense. Don’t talk about this crap again and don’t ask me to … to be a part your idiot fantasy. No way, that stuff isn’t real and you can’t prove it, can you? Yeah. I tell you what. Prove it. Get in one of my dreams Pow Wow boy.”
Sky filled his lungs to capacity, held his breath for a full five seconds, then, with a controlled but still, forceful tone said, “Screw you. Listen, I don’t have to prove anything. Frick’n idiot,” Sky shook his head and slapped the table hard with the palm of his hand, causing plates to jump and an old couple to turn their heads and cast disapproving frowns. Then, in a low, yet more intense voice, Sky said, “You don’t understand. It doesn’t work like that. You know, I shouldn’t be talking to you White people about this. It’s forbidden, breaks the rules. But I screwed up bad. I have to fix it, change it.” Sky clasped his hands on top of his head and bent his neck back. His eyes grew wide; they were now desperate and full of fear. “You have to help.” 
“No, I don’t,” Adrian said. Then, with a mean grin, said, “Unless you … prove it. If it’s real … yeah, prove it. Like you could. I’m out of here.” Adrian began to scoot to the edge of the booth.
Sky drew in a deep, slow breath and held it. Eyes now declaring determination, he said, “Wait. Okay. Okay. Tonight, I’ll enter your dreams. Here’s how it works. Tell me something you want to alter, change. Something simple, it can’t involve others, only you, your life. Something recent, not ages ago. Where there could be a ripple.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Adrian asked before I could.
Sky sighed and shook his head. “Geez doesn’t matter.” 
Adrian and I both shook our heads. Adrian said, “Maybe it does. What is it?”
“Whatever. The Ripple, it works this way. Change the past, you change the future. If you change a choice, an action from the past and that affects someone else, it can change their lives, not just yours. Ripples can be dangerous. That’s what happened with the school shooting. You weren’t there to do … whatever you did. It changed everything for the worse. That’s a ripple. It’s dangerous to bend time. I should have never done it.” Sky looked through the window to his side, a lone tear slid down his cheek.
“So I should just be dead? That’d be better?” Adrian said with some shock in his tone.
“Maybe. No. I don’t know. I really don’t know.” Sky continued to stare out the window. 
“Hey, by your story, I was a hero. But, geez nobody knew.”
“You’ll always be my hero, Adrian. You boys look way too serious tonight. Lighten up. How ‘bout some ice cream? I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream. How ‘bout it?” The overly cheerful manner of the rather hefty waitress startled all three of us.
 “No Jenny thanks. Some refills, though. Thanks a lot,” I said, then looked at her and forced a smile. She knew us too well; knew the more we laughed the better her tip would be. She’d never seen a table with two McGee’s so solemn. 
“Sure thing,” She waddled dutifully away.
Sky pulled his arm across his face, wiping a second tear away. He looked back at Adrian and pushed his empty plate to the side and put both hands on the table. “Okay. Think of something. Keep it simple. Something you would want to change.”
“Sure. Let me think.” Adrian’s demeanor morphed. There was a morsel of I-want-this-to-be-real in his response. I could tell he was getting excited about the idea of Dreamweaving. The strange thing is a wave of panic shot through my body. Didn’t realize it at the moment, but something in me was worried that a believing Adrian could possibly cause more complications. He went on. “I made an F on a pop quiz today in sociology, didn’t bother to read the chapter. So … tell me in my dream what to study for a pop quiz. And especially about Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs. Do that. I’ll believe. And I’ll help you.”
“Good. Perfect. That should work. But remember this, there’s the possibility you won’t listen to the dream that you won’t listen to the advice, the warning. Then nothing changes. You’ll remember this conversation and I haven’t proved anything. If you listen, follow the advice, your grade should change. But here’s the thing. You won’t have made an F, so we won’t be having this conversation, and you’ll still be begging for proof. So you do this. You have to write a note, a letter. Like Alex did. Tell yourself about this night, about things you’ve said here. Write something only you would know maybe what you thought about me and didn’t say, like when you first set eyes on me. And put in the letter about making an F before and it was changed, and that’s why you studied the right chapters and made an A. At least I hope you make an A. Makes for a better story.”  
Jenny brought over our refills. I said, “Thanks, Jenny. Could we borrow a pen for a minute?”
“Pleasure. Don’t you take it, now. You know how many of these I lose a day?”
“A hundred and three,” I replied and winked at her.
“A hundred and fourteen,” With a Cheshire grin, she nodded then scooted over to serve the booth in the far corner.
“Here Adrian, write it now.” I gave him the pen and the letter I wrote but never wrote and turned it over and slid it in front of him. “Use this.”
Adrian took the pen and smoothed the crinkled piece of paper. He rested his chin on his left forearm and began writing. As he wrote, in a near mumble he asked, “Now, let me get this straight. If this works, I’ll wake up today and have this thought to study for a stupid quiz I don’t know is coming.  And you’ll still have this letter? ”
“That’s it.” Sky said with an obvious tone of relief in his voice.
“But I won’t have written it, because I didn’t need too. This is confusing. No. It’s just stupid.”
“It’s not. I’ll keep this letter and you’ll read it. But you won’t remember writing it. I’ll show it to you when we relive this conversation, this night. It will be the proof you’ll ask for when … we relive this night.”
“So, if this works. Not saying I believe it will. But if it does, I’ll wake up today and what then?”
“We relive today, tonight. This night will be … reset … rewritten and you’ll have the proof. The letter.”
“Aaaaand? If it doesn’t work?”
“Then nothing changes.  And tomorrow you’ll wake up remembering this conversation and feel stupid that you were duped into writing the letter. And … well, you’ll be left to wonder if both me and Alex are crazy, and maybe still wonder if it could be true. That makes sense?”
“Hell no. Not in the least. Hogglywash is what it sounds like. And this Dreamweaving? How are you supposed to do it? Get in my dreams?”
“With your permission, you go to sleep. And I’ll put my hand on your shoulder, take you back to Thursday night and guide your dreams and you’ll know to study for the quiz. I’ll tell you what you have to study, that you’re going to have a test on Friday. Hopefully, you’ll believe it. Take the advice.”
Adrian laughed and shrugged. “I don’t know.” He looked at me with a slight smile and shook his head. “I don’t know about this. It’s sounding crazier with each word that comes out of his mouth.”
I tried to talk calmly, but it came out with obvious impatience. “Just write the damn letter. If nothing happens, nothing happens and you can call us crazy.”
“Already know you’re crazy, Al-butt. Crazy as hell. Crazy as …”
“Shut up. Just … geez, write the damn letter.”
Sky hit the table with his fist. “We’ll do this. Tonight I take you back to Thursday, no, Wednesday, so you’ll study the stuff on Wednesday. Yeah. I can do that. I just hope you … listen. You’re so damn stubborn you probably won’t.”
“Yeah, I probably won’t. Hey. How many times you done this? This Dreamweaving, Anyway?”
“This will be … it will be the second time.”
We went home and sneaked Sky in through the back door and up the stairs into Adrian’s bedroom. It took ages, but we all finally fell asleep. 
***
I went into Adrian’s room early the next morning. I woke up wondering if the events of yesterday were but a dream. One of those crazy, but lovable dreams that seem real and you kind of wish it was real. But there he was, Sky lay dead asleep on the floor next to Adrian’s bed. Dreamweaving, time bending. I guess it wasn’t a dream.
As I went to raise the curtain to let the new day in, I thought back to the conversation at Uncle Charlie’s the night before. I remembered seeing the shock on Adrian’s face when Sky gave him the letter, a letter neither he nor I remembered him writing. It was proof; the proof Adrian demanded. 
***
Later that day, strange emotions swirled unbridled inside my psyche as I thought about the life-changing encounter the day before when a crazy kid nearly beat my front door down. Altering the past. Wow! An enticing proposition, an exciting idea. Who wouldn’t want to be along for that adventure? But at that moment there was no room for excitement, for amazement. The situation before us was too grave, too serious, and too desperate to spend precious moments pondering the wonder of such fantasy become reality. But imagine, being able to wipe away grief and sorrow—mourning erased and lives returned to normal. 
But any excitement remained mixed with something very uncomfortable; I guess it was fear. “Dangerous.” Sky used that word several times. “Very dangerous.” Bending time—changing the past to change the future, playing with lives, with history, delving into the unknown, creating what wasn’t and, as Sky discovered, creating what shouldn’t be. But the nobility of the quest before us demanded the risks be embraced. And indeed the quest was on.
Oh. I should say, just in case you’re wondering. The first account with Adrian at Uncle Charlie’s, getting him to write the letter, that of course, is what Sky later told me. And after that, I decided all the events that would follow had to be chronicled. Each day of this adventure had to be recorded in detail and kept safe by Sky. Because, should our plan work, then whatever events that had just happened would never take place. A small slice of history would have been rewritten, reset. The reality created before the night of a Dreamweave would never have occurred and a new reality would have been lived. If our plan worked, if Sky was successful, then the shooting, the killing would never occur and I would never meet Sky in the hospital and would have not met him in that subsequent intrusion at my front door. Everything had to be written down and, hopefully, I would believe my own account of what would sound like pure fantasy in the alternative version of reality; the old version we hoped would never be lived.







CHAPTER SIX

So the quest to alter history, changing the fate of the slaughtered ones began. The first task—to discover the whereabouts of Taylor’s sister, Amber. Adrian knew her … too well according to him. Four months of a roller-coaster dipping in and out of hell is how he described their brief hook up. I’d met her a few times, but Adrian never brought her home, never dared have our parents meet his third, or was it fourth, short-lived romance. I thought she was cute enough with her puppy dog, golden-brown eyes and extra-long bangs which would change color weekly according to Adrian. Her bangs were always swept back behind her right ear giving her an adorable and enticing sassy look. And there was that slightly quirky smile, which somehow mixed a mischievous air with an alluring innocence. Not really Adrian’s brand of female. Well, that’s what I had always thought and told him no end of times, only to be snarled at with the declaration it was none of my damn business. I was surprised he lasted four months with her. I always thought Adrian exaggerated her flaws: her waves of supposed insanity, her dangerous impulsivity, and her out-of-control moods. I guess I’m naïve, but I really thought she was adorable, and too innocent looking to be as crazy as Adrian claimed. But now, a year later, to discover her brother was a killer, a psycho. That reality was too surreal. But she would be the key to overhauling history. Amber had to be found.
Of course, the necessity for survival had dictated Amber and her family vanish from existence. The rampant hatred and unceasing cry for revenge fueled by a community’s unbearable grief meant expulsion from humanity itself for this marked family. And perhaps, even more so, their own shame and guilt forbade them any comfort of normalcy, hatred and revenge and shame and guilt drove them to seek obscurity.
***
“Don’t never say never. We’ll find her,” Sky’s eyes flashed with rage that could come without cause or warning. I held my tongue as we continued the discussion of the how to find the exiled would-be savior. The quest seemed futile and it had barely begun. Sky’s voice suddenly became rather whiny. “She must have friends she’d contact. Think, Adrian!”
“I’ve texted all I know of. They all said they don’t know anything. And either they really don’t know or they are keeping the secret.” Adrian sat on the edge of his bed, hands gripping his controller and eyes fixated on the TV. Sky jumped off the windowsill and switched the TV off. Harsh expletives rolled effortlessly off Adrian’s tongue and ended with the declaration, “Just get the hell out of my house!”
With his eyes blacker than ever, Sky’s left fist smashed into Adrian’s right shoulder causing him to tumble off the bed. Looking twice his normal size, Sky lurched downward drawing his arm back ready to strike. I grabbed his wrist and yanked Sky away from Adrian. Then I spun around and put myself between the two hotheads. “Damn it. Geez. We … You … I can’t believe you two. Just … man!” Something you’ll learn about me, sometimes my dear brain has trouble finding the right words, especially when I’m stressed or tired or angry or hurt or … well, disrupted in any sort of way. “We just … need to … geez …come on. We gotta work together. Adrian, you’ll have to call these girls. Put your blasted charm in gear, man. And get off the damn game. And Sky … shit … don’t get crazy.”
Sky retorted. “Will when I want to. People’s lives are at stake and he’s playing goddamn games.”
“All right, stop already. Adrian. Call Erin. You said that’s her best friend. She’s bound to know.”
“I ain’t calling her again.” Adrian paused then said, “I’ll go see her. That’s what I’ll do. Give me your keys. I remember where she lives.” Adrian reached toward my pocket. 
“Stop it. I’ll drive. Dad catches you driving my car again and you’ll never get your license and you’ll get my ass in trouble.”
“No, no, no. Alex. You want me to do something, I’m doing it. She barely knows me and sure as heck doesn’t know you two. Just give me your damn keys and trust me.”
That was a very hard thing to do, but it seemed to be the only option. I rolled my eyes while shaking my head, then tossed over the keys to my Focus. “Whatever. But … what the hell are you going to tell her?”
Adrian shook his head, shrugged his shoulders and said, “That I have an Indian friend that can bend time. What else?”
Sky snatched Adrian’s arm and thrust his nose close to my startled brother’s face. “You can’t tell her that, you idiot. No one can know. You two shouldn’t even know. You …”
Adrian forced his arm back. I could tell he was working hard not to punch the Dreamweaver in the face. He shouted, “Shit! I’m kidding. I don’t want her thinking I’m crazy, do I? God, lighten up. Al-butt do something with this guy before I do. And I don’t know what I’ll say. I’ll make it up when I get there. Hey, maybe I’ll take a gun and scare it out of her, or give me some rope, I’ll kidnap her, tell her she’ll tell me or else. Or I’ll …”
“Just go. And hurry up.” I pushed Adrian toward the door. 
“I don’t like your brother. He thinks he’s funny or something, but he’s not.” Sky said and stepped toward the window and stared out. “But he will find out … where that Amber lives. He has to.”
“Sky?” I said and sat on the bed.
“What?” he asked, still glaring out the window.
“Don’t you need to go home? I mean, you haven’t even called your … well, whoever you’re living with. You said you’d call last night. You didn’t, did you?”
He shrugged his shoulders. Still with his back turned and with a strangely mundane tone, he said, “I’m living with you.”
I laughed. Laughed hard.
Sky turned around. A tear slid down his cheek. “I can, can’t I? Live with you? Eh?”
I think my head shook to indicate no way, but I’m not sure. And I think these are the words that came out in a near mumble “I … We can’t … Sorry.” I paused, swallowed, trying to clear my throat. “Where have you been living? Since you left the hospital? Who do you live with?”
Sky turned and looked out the window again. “No one. Don’t you get it? I have no one.”
“Were are you supposed to be?” 
Sky let out a rather snide laugh, “Yeah, right. Where am I supposed to be?” Then he shook his head and hunched his back, and let out a sigh. His words came out in a whisper. “I ran off. From the hospital. I’m AWOL. You can’t tell anyone. You can’t tell.” He swung around, with oversized pleading eyes, he said, “Please. You can’t tell anyone. Let me live with you. Okay?” His eyes welled up and tears slid down both cheeks. Here was a side of Sky I hadn’t seen and would rarely see again. He quickly wiped his face with his forearm. 
I nodded. Nodded, knowing my nonverbal acceptance of his request would be impossible to honor. But what else could I have done? What would you have done? Sky smiled. My stomach twisted and I felt like I’d swallowed a dozen well-used tennis balls.
In a twenty-four hour period, my life had become so very complicated. Life is meant to be simple and straightforward when you are a kid. Young and carefree isn’t that what the teenage years are supposed to be? I guess that is one of the fantasies, or is it lies that confuse us—and angers us. Enjoy being young. Enjoy school. Enjoy your friends. Enjoy life while you’re still young and free. Do parents and all adults really forget so quickly how difficult it is to be a teenager, to survive in the teenage world? Can’t they see the expectations they put on us sap us, drown us and make it impossible to enjoy being young and free—get your grades up, listen to your teachers, do your chores without that attitude, don’t do that, gotta do this, believe in God, act like Jesus, time you got a job, got to do better if you want to go to college, be good, do good. And enjoy life while you’re young and free.
Since I was thirteen I worked hard to keep my life simple. That’s what kept me sane … keep it simple, stupid. So I always kept my head down and hoped to fade into the background. It was easy to let Adrian get in trouble, get the attention. And a strange thing maybe, but I was determined not to worry about girls, about dating, telling myself I just needed to focus on school. 
More and more I see I was only pretending I didn’t care. But that was my plan to keep life simple. You see, girls’, dating … well, that complicates life. And I don’t mean just because of the drama it causes—and boy it does, ever read a teenager’s Facebook or follow their Twitter? Here’s the thing, I lived my life in a desperate non-effort to date so I could avoid that battle of trying to be somebody some girl would want to be with. My God, the energy it takes to try and be what you think you have to be in order to be liked, accepted, find a girl that may end up liking you. Can you imagine the emotional drain it is for a teenage guy to try and figure out what it takes to get some girl to like him? 
Most every teenager is in this raging struggle to believe in themselves. There are some who seem to accomplish it; I don’t know how, but I think most only pretend to have accomplished it. I opted out of the battle by just blending in, staying quiet and letting others think whatever they might, and by never rocking anybody’s boat. And by telling myself I wasn’t interested in dating, in females. I thought that would work. Keep it simple. But looking back, I can see the Herculean effort I expended to avoid rocking other people’s boats while pretending that my own tiny ship was not adrift in some quiet but dangerous sea. Simple and safe, that’s all I wanted. And up to this point I had deceived myself that it had worked. But now, simple and safe had capsized and drowned, gone forever. 
“So, I can live here? Eh?” Sky said and came over to me, leaned down and hugged me. I don’t know why; I guess it was the confusion of the bizarre scene that had just unfolded, but I stood and embraced Sky. I had a strange feeling that this was the first time in years that Sky had another human being hug him. 
“Yeah sure,” What else could I say? I couldn’t crush him, not at that moment. It could wait. He could wait, just a while, until we would have to return to reality.

   




CHAPTER SEVEN

After Adrian left on his impossible mission and Sky had made his unlikely and disturbing declaration about living with us, I had to escape, get some space and try to slow the whirlwind of the past two days. And needed to figure out how to ask my parents if this “friend” I didn’t really know could stay with us, at least for a few days. Lies! I’d have to spin some wild and hard-to-believe tales. Good thing my parents trusted me. Unlike Adrian, I’d never given them a reason not to trust me. That’s a humongous perk of being the good kid.
I went and shot hoops on the front driveway. Our basketball goal had been there for seven years. I have fond memories of helping my dad put it up on my tenth birthday; maybe the best birthday present I ever had. Each shot I took that evening brought a little more clarity to the lie I would use to get my parents’ nod of approval for Sky staying with us a day or two. I tried not to worry about the lie I would have to create to tell Sky why he could not live with us. When my dad pulled in from work, I waited a few more minutes, knowing Mom would arrive home from her job exactly seven minutes later. She came home as expected and I joined them in the kitchen. The first true lie that had ever surfaced from my mouth gave birth. 
“Where’s your brother? What’s he doing taking your car again?” My father’s questions were actually a lot less accusatory than usual. This no doubt due to the events of the past few weeks—what parent wouldn’t cut some slack when tragedy came so close to ruining their own lives.
“He went to see some girl. Sorry, he was insistent. And I thought … thought it might be good for him … you know.” I knew that didn’t sound very convincing. I took two deep breaths, knowing the next lie would have to be more confident and sincere. 
“Hmm. Maybe so,” was my mom’s response. My dad only shook his head, then shrugged one shoulder.
Now, you may not believe that I never before had lied to my parents—well, other than the normal stuff all kids lie about … blaming my brother when I broke something; not having done my chores when I said I had; insisting I finished my homework when I hadn’t. That kind of stuff. All of a sudden I had to create a full-blown deception. As Mom and Dad began to fix dinner, I spun my web of deceit. “Hey. I have this friend … upstairs, from school.” Bad start, Make it more heartfelt. “His parents, they’re out of town for a while … helping arrange for his grandfather to go into a nursing home …” Hey, that was a good touch.
My mom turned around from chopping the tips off the green beans and offered a slight smile, which I couldn’t quite read. She said, “Oh, my.” 
My dad turned his head my way and said, “Well, that will be us someday. You and your brother sticking us in the dreaded stable for the soon-to-be dying.”
I ignored Dad’s droll humor. And the conversation went on, rather smoothly I do believe. “Well … wouldn’t it be nice if he could stay with us? Oh yeah, he’s new at school this year, doesn’t know too many people yet. He’s really shaken up by what’s happened. How long will his parents be gone? A week or so I think.” I knew that was pushing it. But why not try. No problem. Was my dad’s response. Mom just shrugged her shoulders, then smiled and said, “Of course, that’s fine.” Two lies in one night—and one, a real whopper. 
But the lies would keep coming until it almost became natural. But imagine trying to tell reasonable and rational human beings the truth. Oh, this guy is actually homeless, escaped from the looney ward. And by the way, your youngest son died in the school shooting, but this crazy Indian changed the past so he didn’t die after all. But the really strange thing is, more kids died because of that and now we have to figure out how to change the past again. So, sometimes lies are necessary, sometimes secrets must remain sacred. 
***
At my mom’s expected insistence, I brought Sky downstairs and introduced him. It was brief and simple, and I made sure there were no pauses for a likely barrage of questions. “So this is Sky.” Sky nodded and smiled his affable and disarming smile. My dad reached over and shook his hand. Sky’s mouth contorted ever so slightly, which seemed to reflect puzzlement at such a gesture. When Dad let go of his hand, a big smile returned, the smile that charmed. It had an immediate effect on mom, as her slight smile grew exponentially. 
Mom said, “Well, I’m glad we could help you out. You are very welcome to stay for a bit. We’ll have dinner shortly. And we can have a nice little chinwag then.” Yeah, Mom’s vocabulary was too often so last century.
But my heart raced at the thought of a family-plus-one dinner. Too much parent time and the lies could begin to unravel; too many questions and too few feasible answers. “I think we’ll just eat upstairs. It’s been a wild week. And Sky … he’s feeling a bit overwhelmed with everything going on.” Sky smiled and nodded. Mom’s head tilted slightly, and with a wink, she said she understood and that was that. 
***
Then the next wave of lies began two hours later when Adrian came through the door with two young girls who would become part of our secret mission. He stomped up the stairs and burst into my bedroom. Like a bronze statue, Sky stood glaring out the window. He’d been lost in thought for nearly an hour. Several times I tried to break the silence with inane nothing-talk. He would only let out a low growl and mumble “Shut up.” I gave up my attempts at friendly diversions and did some algebra homework. I eventually learned this was one of his dark holes, as he called it—depression, that would come and go like an unpredictable, mysterious tide coming and going at its own discretion.
“I did it! Found her, got her to come here. She’s downstairs … with Erin, talking to Mom and Dad.” Adrian’s oversized smirk proclaimed triumph and begged for praise. Nothing came. Sky and I were a bit shocked, to say the least. He went on. “I told Mom and Dad we were going out; let them think it was a damn double date, supposed to be a blind date for you Al-butt. And no, they don’t know Amber is Taylor’s sister.” Adrian paused, I’m sure waiting for me to exude with amazed and grateful gushing. I was just too stunned to utter a syllable. He flopped on his bed. “What else was I supposed to tell them?” 
Sky’s thoughts finally gathered and his response was predictable. “You numb nut! Idiot! You’re so freak’n stupid! You weren’t supposed to bring both of them here. Two more White people knowing this stuff. Why? Why bring them here?”
“Geez. What was I supposed to do? Wasn’t that the plan? And Erin wasn’t going to tell me anything unless she knew something, knew what was going on. What’d you expect?” 
“So you told her? About Dreamweaving? And she didn’t call … the police, to take you to the crazy hospital?” My words came out faster and faster. “How’d you get Erin and Amber to buy that stuff?”
Adrian’s tone changed, his voice was subdued for just what seemed a thoughtful moment. “Amber’s desperate. Of course, she doesn’t believe it. But desperate and broken souls are willing to grasp at anything.” He pointed at me and, his flippant arrogance back in for force, and said, “But hey, girls live in fantasy. You know, vampires, werewolves, shape-shifting, all that garbage. They’re dying to believe crap that ain’t real. They all want to believe that fantasy junk. And I told them they had nothing to lose and everything to gain. They’re game. I think.” Adrian’s pretentious smirk resurfaced. “Besides, if it works, then none of us will remember anything, about this, about Sky, about bending time. Right? Because we’ll never end up meeting you Sky, will we? Because the… the shooting won’t happen.”
At that, Sky nodded ever so slightly, then smiled. “You are right for once.”
I shook my head. “And … if it doesn’t work?”
Adrian laughed an out of place laugh that denied the seriousness of the quest. “They’ll think we were just playing a stupid joke on them. Or think we’re crazy, probably that. I don’t care. Heck, I’ll just tell them it was your idea, that you were desperate to see Amber, ’cause you always secretly loved her.”
“Whatever.” I moaned, though I really wanted to bash in his head. 
“I know you liked her Al-butt. But I wouldn’t have been a good brother if I encouraged you. ’Cause she is crazy. Don’t forget that.” Adrian had the decency to say the last bit in a whisper.
“Shut up Adrian! Shit. Just shut up. What’s next? What’s your plan?”
“Hey, I got ‘em here. What else you want? It’s the Indian’s turn.”
We both looked at Sky. He shrugged. “I’m still hungry. Let’s go eat. Uncle Charlie’s. All we can do is tell them what we got to do, how to do it. You told your parents you’re going on a date. So let’s go. I’m crashing your double date. If this doesn’t work, it’s all your fault, fat face. But … it’s the best we can do. The best we can do.” The last sentence came out in a whisper as if trying to convince himself of the impossible. 
***
Amber had changed—hair dyed the blackest of all black, bangs hanging over half of her face, her eyes sunken and vacant, sapped of any desire for living. Her lips stayed pressed tight like her mouth was deathly scared to open. She wore a black hoodie; the top drooped just over her forehead. Destroyed, not just damaged was my thought. Certainly not the cute and seemingly innocent, yet mischievous, girl I admired from a distance a few years ago. And this couldn’t be the girl Adrian had described as being full of drama and immersed in chaos. Her brother’s act of random rage had gouged a deep cavern in her soul and nothing had survived. Then there was the misplaced fury of a grieving and suffering community that would have convinced her that she did not deserve to enjoy life, perhaps that she did not deserve to live. 
As we sat in a corner booth at Uncle Charlie’s Diner, I felt my own heart sinking into darkness, as if her abyss was enveloping slowly and surely upon me. I would have to save her. We would. We could. I wanted to brush her bangs behind her ear and take her hands, hold them firmly, look into her eyes and assure her, it’s going to be okay; we’ll fix it. And I believed that. I believed it would be okay. How we need to believe, in the darkest moments, that evil does not have to win. That evil is not the last hurrah.
Erin looked somehow out of place next to Amber. Too preppy, too pristine. Too … I don’t know … too alive. A bright yellow Abercrombie shirt clashed horribly with her stark auburn hair and lightly freckled complexion. Her bronze eyes declared one confident of the life she was living. But her thick and sickly pink lipstick created an awkward contrast that seemed very out of character—like, maybe she was as confused about who she was or who she was supposed to be. She put her arm around Amber and then glared quickly at each one of us, then said, “I think this is crazy. I think you all are crazy. But … if you … if you hurt Amber … if this is some kind of cruel joke, you’d better stop it right now.” For some reason, her eyes fixed on me. 
I’m sure my voice cracked and barely came out. “We … we wouldn’t do that. Hurt Amber. This guy … Sky, he … he can change things. Really. I didn’t believe it, but it’s true.” I pulled out the letter I had reluctantly written in the hospital and laid it on the table. “After the shooting … well, the first … version of it, I tried to commit suicide and ended up in the hospital … the psych ward, at Saint Anthony.” I noticed a flash of panic in Amber’s one visible eye. It was only later that I learned her brother had been in there three times. I looked down at my hands cupped around a cold glass of Coke. “But … Sky was there. Said he could change it. He did. Went into my dreams and warned me to … to keep my brother home that day.” I paused and glanced up trying to read their response. Erin’s lips were pulled in, her brow tight.  Amber turned her head toward the window painted over with several of Uncle Charlie’s specials for the world to see. “Well, here read this letter.” I pushed it a little further across the table. An incredulous lack of response ensued, both remained motionless. “Please.”
Erin slowly picked up the letter, lifted it up by one corner as if it was contaminated, read through it then slid it to Amber. After she read it, she put it down and pushed it back toward me. Amber slightly shrugged one shoulder and looked at Erin. It was as if Erin knew exactly what Amber was thinking. Erin said, “This doesn’t prove anything. So you wrote this. You could have written it wherever and whenever. It’s … nonsense, stupid.”
Adrian let out a sigh and pulled his fingers through his hair. “Well, yeah. But he did write in the hospital, just like he says.” He turned the well-creased letter over and pointed at it. He told them his own far less life-altering story of his being ready for a pop quiz. The two remained unimpressed.
An uncomfortable pause took over. Then Amber looked at Adrian and spoke for the first time. Her words restrained but forceful. “Why’d you cheat on me?” There was a quick flash in her eyes.
Adrian shook his head, then flicked his neck back slightly. “I really didn’t cheat on you, Amber. I just … geez wasn’t ready for anything really. It wasn’t working. I … just ... I’m … you know, I’m sorry.”
Sky slapped both palms on the table. “God. Stop it. Geez. Don’t worry about your stupid, idiot relationship. Okay? It’s me you have to listen to. I can’t promise. But I can try. To change it, change everything. In my tribe, there was a clan, a secret clan of Dreamweavers. We are Time Benders. There’s only a few of us left. I don’t know how many. Three, four, I don’t know. My grandfather was one of the last. He was teaching me before he died. It can be done. Not always, but it can work. Just let me try. You don’t have noth’n to lose. If it doesn’t work, so what? You can call us crazy.” Sky leaned forward, his open hand motioned towards Amber. “But if it works, everything changes. No one dies. Your brother lives.” He leaned back and clasped his hands behind his head. “Okay? Eh?”
Erin’s right arm hooked through Amber’s elbow. “You’re all idiots, delusional. Amber, let’s go, let’s get out of here. They’re crazy, worse than crazy. Just plain evil, trying to get you to fall for this … fantasy. They’re psycho. Sicko.”
“I … I don’t know. I don’t believe it. But … Erin, if … if I don’t try, I think I’ll regret it. Why not try? How does this work? Dreamweaving.”
Sky leaned forward. He spoke very softly. “You think of something that happened a few days before your brother … went crazy. Something you remember. You see, I can take you back to that day in your dreams. We go back to that day, to a …” Sky was searching for the right word.
“Incident,” I offered. “Something that happened, that stands out from a day or two before it happened.”
“Shut up, Alex.” Sky snapped, declaring he was the one in charge. “We go back to a day or two before it happened and I will warn you, what’s going to happen. Warn you to … somehow stop your brother. Okay? Here’s the thing, you may not take the warning serious and do noth’n about it. That can make you feel even guiltier. It’s a risk, a danger. You understand?” Erin shook her head and rolled her eyes. Amber nodded. “And it’s possible I won’t be able to get through … to … guide your dream … to communicate. If I fail …well there’s only one chance. No one’s gone back after failing the first dreamweave, our subconscious wants to protect itself and it’ll block us out.” Sky leaned back and his fingers fidgeted with each other. 
Erin drew in a slow breath and held it for a moment. “And how do we know … if it works.”
Sky grinned. “You will never know if it works. You only know if it doesn’t work. If it works, then this night never took place, never needed to. If it works, there will be no shooting, your brother will be stopped. No one dies. You don’t move away. Your life is not ruined.”
“So you warn me? That my brother is about to up the school? What am I supposed to do to … to stop him? And what if I stop him this time and he does it later?” Amber’s eyes had changed, just a bit. A little glint of hope seemed to be fighting against the pain of her destroyed life.
Sky’s fingers moved quicker. “I don’t know that. I warn you something will happen. I can tell you to … to get rid of the guns … to tell your parents to … that he needs help … maybe warn the school. I don’t know.” Sky’s voice sputtered; he rubbed his face with both hands. His inexperience as a Dreamweaver was more obvious than ever. His dark brown eyes darted back and forth unable to focus on any one thing. “You tell me. How should I warn you?”
“Maybe I should kill him. Smother him.” Amber’s voice was hard to read, whether she was being inappropriately sarcastic, declaring her incredulity … or was serious. “Isn’t that the only way to make sure … make sure it never happens?”
In unison, we all declared powerful Nos. I blurted out my words too quickly. “God, don’t be so stupid. This is about saving people. Not killing someone. You’re not serious are you?”    Amber didn’t respond. Erin said, “Of course she’s not serious. Are you?” Amber shook her head. 
Barely audible, under his breath, Sky whispered, “Dangerous. Too dangerous,” He mumbled to himself. “No. I won’t do it. Forget it. No. I have to do it.” He blurted out, “Will you do it?”
Amber nodded and said, “How do you do this then, get into my dreams?”
Sky explained the process—having her permission, needing to touch her as she entered her dream state. As he finished, Erin rather loudly declared, “Then I’m going to be there. I’m not leaving her alone with you. No. This is so … idiotic. This is not …”
Sky interrupted. “You need to shut up.” Erin’s mouth opened wide in disbelief that this kid had given such a command. Her mouth moved slightly but no words would follow. Sky looked intently at Amber. “We’ll have to do it at your house. Yeah, that’s what we have to do, do it at your house.” Sky stated. “It’ll help you feel more safe, comfortable. That’s important, helps it work, move into your dreams if you feel safe.”
Slightly more composed, Erin asked, “And how you propose to do that? Get into her apartment?” This said with a sneer that I swear could have maimed any unfortunate being close enough to witness it.
“Yeah, how’a you going to do that?” Adrian said with a cheeky grin.
“I don’t care. You two will have to figure that out. I’m tired of thinking.”





CHAPTER EIGHT

More deceit and pretense, more guilt and shame pushed down and left out of sight. Sneaking out at 11:30 P.M., slithering like fat snakes through the bedroom window of a girl’s apartment, was not something I ever would have dreamed I was capable of.  And then there was the very real possibility of hideous and unabated beatings by Amber’s mother should she detect us. Though Amber said that was highly unlikely as her mom used both vodka and Ambien to make sure she slept. I slipped back out at midnight, leaving Sky with Amber and Erin. The attempt to sleep in the backseat of my rather filthy Ford was all but futile. Needless to say, slumber was slow in coming and fleeting when it did.
At 7 A.M., Sky pounded on my car window with a look that’s hard to describe; eyes weary but wide and wild, more bloodshot than I knew eyes could become. His dark skin looked lighter. Both exhaustion and fear radiated from his entire being as he got into the front seat. Shaking off a light stupor, I leaned over the front seatback. “So what the hell happened?”
No response. Only one shake of his head. 
“Did it work?” I know, given his defeated demeanor, I shouldn’t have been so impatient and curt. But I was cranky as hell, and having risked my golden reputation as the ‘Good Child,’ well, I deserved to know. I nearly shouted, “What the hell happened!” Still no response. I took a few deep breaths and waited for some kind of reaction. It felt like an eon before there was any sign of life; he just pointed and motioned forward indicating he needed to escape … escape something he wasn’t ready to talk about. We drove home in silence. With cautious stealth, we crept up the stairs and into my bedroom succeeding at not disturbing my parents’ Saturday lie in.
***
Sky lay flat and motionless on the floor of my bedroom for nearly an hour before he finally spoke. Words, though barely audible, were frenetic and rushed. “No. Never again. Can’t do that. And no, it didn’t work. Couldn’t work. She … no, I can’t … it was … not good.”
“What the hell happened?” I blurted out, trying to contain my frustration.
Sky sat up and pushed his back against the wall beneath the window. His words shot out in machinegun cadence. “Her dream … too hard to … to get into. To move it, direct it Intense. Like her dream attacked me. Dreams are one thing, but nightmares. Horrible things, a world of their own and they don’t like intruders. They never make sense; sometimes mean and bizarre, but … too often horrifying and sly. Those kind… only waking up saves you. I hate those dreams, nightmares. They haunt. They destroy.” 
He stood up and propped his elbows on the windowsill and set his gaze on a quiet and unassuming neighborhood. Words came out slowly now. “Pulled in. I was pulled in. She started in a city built on a mountainside, houses … what do they call them? Chalets, all tall crammed together. But each one was a different color, amazing and wonderful bright colors. These houses covered thousands of steep ridges that circled a crystal clear lake. Beautiful. Takes the breath right out of you. Never seen anything like it. And I didn’t want to leave that place. I walked with Amber up and down these narrow brick streets, just looking at scenery, the colors, the mountain made of houses. I didn’t want to go anywhere else. I didn’t want to take her back to her old house, and have to … make her see what was going to happen. She took my hand and squeezed it hard. ‘We must never leave this place. Never. It’s safe,’ she said. Then tears were streaming down her cheeks, a flood of tears. ‘I know.’ I told her. Then I said, ‘But it’s time we must go from here.’ She shook her head.” 
Sky stopped, looked me in the eyes, then shook his head. He closed his eyes as he continued reliving the scene. His words increased with intensity with each sentence completed. “Then … then the earth, the mountains began to shake and the lake turned black, black like you’ve never seen. Then a … I don’t know … like a demon rose up from the lake. It walked toward us, walking on the water with waves pounding all around, getting bigger and bigger, blacker and blacker. Then … its face oozed … with blood, more and more blood. It’s huge, mangled hands dripped with thick, tar-like blood and then … the blood turned into tiny babies, crying, screaming. Deafening it was. The thing smiled and bent down toward us. I pulled Amber’s hand but neither one of us could move. My whole body was heavy, as hard as I tried to start to run, I couldn’t move at all. The demon laughed and shouted out. ‘It’s time. Come with me.’ We both screamed out ‘No!’ and tried to run but couldn’t. ‘What do you want?’ Amber screamed. The demon laughed hard again and shouted, no roared. ‘I want you, of course. Leave the idiot and come with me. We have a job to do. He wants to destroy us. Come now. Come with me, Amber.’ The thing slid closer and reached out with long spindly blood-drenched fingers. With both hands, I pulled Amber’s arm. She shook her whole body and tore loose and stepped back from me. I cried out. ‘Amber, we need to leave! Don’t listen! We need to go to your house. Your brother. He’s in trouble. He’s going to do something. Come with me. I need to show you.’ The demon laughed, then shook its head, kept shaking it … like furious and wild, then all of a sudden. It changed. It became … her brother, Taylor. Still big, tall, with the awful bloody fingers pointing at me, then Amber. When he spoke, it was a … a different voice, like he was kind and caring. ‘Don’t be silly Amber. It’s time. Come with me. Everything will be all right. Come with me. Everything will be like it should be.’ Amber looked at me and told me to get away. She took the hand … of the demon, her brother and they started running back toward the black lake. I couldn’t move. My legs wouldn’t work. Then all the houses, the mountains around began to shatter, crumble, all around me. I tried to jump up, jump and fly, fly up and away. I tried and tried, finally I did. I jumped up and began to float over the lake. All of a sudden there were… there were lots, I mean lots of these demons. They flew up from the lake. Began to chase me, they surrounded me. I tried to scream at them. But nothing would come out.” 
Sky stopped and turned toward us and shook his head. “That’s when I woke up. Amber was still asleep, and Erin was still sleeping. I had to leave, get out of there. And that’s it. Nothing happened. Nothing changed. I don’t know what to do now. I don’t.” 
“What’s all that mean? Why couldn’t you do it? Warn her what was going to happen?” I felt like shaking him. We couldn’t fail. “How could you fail? You’ll have to try again. There’s no other way.”
“Can’t. Can’t be done. Sometimes it just won’t work. She wouldn’t let me. And there are no second chances.”
“There has to be. You’re wrong. You can’t be sure of that.”
“Yes, I can!” Sky screamed, then paused and turned and looked out the window. The wind was blowing hard; colorful autumn leaves were swirling around, brushing up against the window. He mumbled. “I’m not sure of anything anymore.”
A strange sensation suddenly twisted in the pit of my gut, it turned into a wave of panic that swept right through my chest and neck and backs down my spine. “What’d that dream mean? All that crazy stuff. What’s it mean? What was it about? Going with her brother, what’s that mean?” A thought came to me. A thought I didn’t want to have, did not want to allow it to exist. But I knew it was more than a thought, it was a knowing.
Sky turned around and looked down. “I don’t know. How should I know?” Sky’s voice quavered.
“Yes, you do. You do, don’t you?”
Sky nodded. He looked up and looked at me in the eye and nodded again. 
I shook my head. “She’s … going to do something.”
 “We … no, you, you will have to save her. She won’t trust me. I failed. I failed her. I failed everyone.” Sky’s tone sounded like one exhausted and defeated after a mighty battle.    
“I know. I’ve got to go. Now. Tell my mom that…I don’t know. That coach wanted me to get an extra practice this morning. No … just make something up.” I left, having no plan, not knowing if I was right, or just being irrational. Would she really do something, something crazy? But the last few days had been nothing but irrational and crazy … impossible. But my gut, that fear, that panic; it was real. It was a warning. I had to go … to save her. I wasn’t sure from what, and had no idea how to do it.  





CHAPTER NINE

What’s life about? What are we here for? Those questions never crossed my mind until school started that year. Maybe it was being a senior, graduating in the spring, getting ready to move out and move on. All I’ve had to worry about was making good grades, being the good kid—and watching my brother excel at sports and being popular and having fun. Do I envy my brother? Some days but not that much I’m content, too content maybe, to reside in the background, go unnoticed, hoping others don’t expect too much of me and hoping I don’t let anyone down, simply because I don’t want to get the extra attention. But suddenly the future was staring me down; it was time to worry about the future; about where I was going, where I wanted to go, who I wanted to be, what I wanted to be. Life had become more daunting in the past few months. I started looking at myself, and I didn’t know what I was looking at. 
Funny thing is, I can tell you what I don’t believe, and I can tell you what I don’t like. But don’t ask me what I do like or what I do believe in. I’ve realized that I’d been drifting. Never would have believed it, but I am a drifter, in my own quiet and unassuming way. I had been drifting through life. The growing revelation was that I was going nowhere. I was beginning to see why those questions were actually relevant in this crazy world. What is life about? What am I about? And then Sky burst into my life. The last few days had been mountain moving, and now everything—everything looked different, was different. Now, driving to Amber’s apartment, I had a sense of what was important, of what I needed to pursue. Isn’t life about reaching outside ourselves and caring for someone other than worrying about our own little life? Another revelation, I was just a selfish little useless turd.
Amber was a lost soul. Where’s St. Anthony now? I knew she was fragile and scared when I'd just seen from a distance a few years ago. Now she was more lost, more despairing and more determined to destroy the only life she had been given. I had a new quest—redeem her, save her. How? I didn’t know. But something deep in my gut told me her life depended on it.
If Sky could somehow change this present reality, I prayed the me living in the alternative history would read this account and embrace the lessons I learned in the previous alternate world. Alex, if you are reading this, let this life I entered touch you wherever you end up. And stop drifting and start wanting and believing better for yourself and stop being so goddamn selfish.
***
My ancient and humble car must have felt right at home surrounded by a variety of nearly derelict cars and trucks filling the apartment complex parking lot. How unbearable and unthinkable it would be, forced out of your home and having to become invisible to survive—to be confined to this rat hole where drug addicts roam free and gang members strut around determined to be tough because early in life they discovered the world had no place for them. I felt uncomfortable sitting in the parking lot. Last night it had been dark, and I didn’t see the derelict condition of this once well thought of apartment development. 
The debate raged in my head. Just leave, get out of here. No, wait until she comes out of her apartment. Hell, just go and knock on the door or sneak around the back and tap on her bedroom window and just hope no one sees you or assumes you’re some scumbag breaking into the apartment. Of course, the last option was too risky during daylight. Knocking on the door would be risky as well: Being Saturday, her mom would likely be home and would not welcome a stranger. 
I waited for an hour; no one emerged and I felt more and more conspicuous sitting in my car. The thought passed my mind that some would think I was a drug dealer waiting for contacts. I emerged and went and tapped lightly on Amber’s door. Why so sheepishly? I can’t say; it just seemed the way to do it. No one came and I knocked with slightly more confidence. Erin cracked the door which remained guarded by its chain. “Get away from here, Alex.”
“Erin? I need to see Amber.” I nestled my nose near the tiny slither of the door that defiantly refused to open fully.  “It’s me … ah … Alex.” I have this terrible habit of stating the obvious when I’m nervous as hell. “Please.” I pleaded with a rather whiny tone, hoping that would prove I meant no harm and that my request was innocent but important. The door shut nearly taking the skin off the tip of my nose. I knocked again. This time trying to declare bold confidence, but then a shot of fear ripped through my body as I imagined a six-foot-four stepfather flinging the door open, baseball bat in hand. 
Erin opened the door and slid her slightly overweight but well-proportioned frame through the barely opened door. “Whatever you want, we don’t care. Go away.”
“Okay. I will. Just let me talk to Amber first.” Erin just stared, giving me that evil eye teenage girls seem to perfect as their nonverbal declaration that you’re stupid as hell and you might as well have never been born. I sighed. “Come on. You’re not the only one who cares about her. I know you’re trying to protect her. But so am I.”
Her piercing eyes, spitting their venom, remained fixed on me. I tried to respond a desperate and pleading look, trying to affirm and declare my worry and a genuine concern. It seemed to work; she didn’t kick my shins. She blurted out. “You know how many death threats she’s had? You know what that does to a person, a family.” I shook my head. “You have no idea how hurt and scared … and hurt. She doesn’t need your help.”
“You’re right. I don’t know what she’s been going through. I don’t. But … maybe I can help her. Maybe I can help you help her. You can’t save her on your own.” Something happened then. I guess I found the right approach. Erin’s face slipped out of attack mode, and suddenly a tear slipped down her cheek. “Let me help. Let me try.”
“How?” she said as another tear surfaced. She slowly wiped it away with the back of her hand.
I shrugged, then shook my head. It was a fair question. I could only be honest. “I really don’t know. But I know I have to and that means I can.” I paused and shrugged my shoulders again, knowing that had sounded rather naïve if not idiotic.  “Maybe it’s just showing her I … I care. Just knowing someone cares about her, maybe that’s it. She needs … that.” Another word had nearly come out of my mouth, love. I wanted to show her she was lovable. And, that wasn’t right, I know, and it’s stupid, I know, but I wanted to love her. I needed to love her. I don’t know why, but I did. That’s not a good thing, is it? To need to love someone. I tried to shake that notion from my head and heart. “She needs people to care about her. Please.”
***
We picked up some tacos at a drive-through and went to a lake a few miles away. A popular hang out in summer, but the weather was just cool enough that only a few health-obsessed joggers and bikers roamed the path around the lake. We sat on an old blanket I pulled out from my trunk, smelling slightly of oil. Amber had not said a word from the time we left her apartment. She completely ignored my feeble attempt at chatter on the drive to the lake. She never even asked what I wanted, which made it all the more awkward. In silence, we finished the tacos. I tried to express some empathy, let her know I knew she was going through a hard time and I felt bad for her. And too, I tried to tell her I knew Sky had failed and I felt bad about that, and that it was okay if she thought we were crazy. A dismissive stare greeted my awkward attempts of caring and reassurance. I was sure she was about to stand up and tell me to shut up and just take her back home, quick. She didn’t, but the dead stare remained. I then decided I had to stop trying and just be—just be with her. I lay back with my hands clasped behind my neck. “I love coming here. But only when there aren’t many people. I don’t much like being around people.” That was a confession I had never verbalized before. I feared it would make me sound a bit backward, socially awkward, maybe bordering on crazy.
“Really?” She spoke. What a relief. “I miss it, being around people, having friends. Going to school. It’s like I miss being alive. Might as well not be alive,” She laid back and we both stared up at a massive Oak tree with its leaves bursting with their full autumn garb—golden browns, burnt oranges, dark yellows. The leaves moved in gentle waves as a crisp breeze coming off the lake. The leaves began rustling as if wanting to sing a quiet song of celebration, declaring creation is very good. 
“That’s awful. I’m sorry.”
“What are you sorry for? You don’t have anything to be sorry for. I hate it when people say that. I do.” Her words did not come out as hateful or vindictive. They came out with a tone filled with loneliness. 
“It is a stupid thing to say. People say it because we don’t know what else to say. We feel bad for someone and that’s what we say. I do feel bad for you, for what you have to go through. No one should have to go through that. I hate that for you. What happened was not your fault. None of it is your fault. You need to hear that. Believe it.” I sat up and looked her into her still dull golden brown eyes. It was the first time I was able to see both eyes. Her eyes so reflected hurt and sadness and shame … and guilt. But also her eyes seemed to secretly cry out for help, for peace, for deliverance. Then, my eyes began to well up as I felt her desperate, maybe hopeless, cry for love and acceptance. “It wasn’t your fault.”
She closed her eyes. “You don’t know anything. Of course, it’s my fault. People died. My brother killed them. It is my fault. It didn’t have to happen. It should have never happened.”
“Your brother did something horrible. Not you.”
Her torso bolted up. “Shut up. You don’t know anything. I want to go. Take me home. What do you want from me? What do you want!?” Now her eyes flashed with a reddish glow that made me jerk my head back.
“I don’t want anything from you, Amber. Nothing. I want to … to help, to help you.”
She laughed the snide version that is accompanied by a sneer. “Help me? God, I don’t want your help, your sympathy. I don’t even know you. All I know is you’re Adrian’s brother and he’s a selfish, full of himself dick. You think you can help me? You might as well go to hell, Alex.”
“I don’t know how to help you. You’re right. But I care. I care about you. You need to know people care about you.” At this point, I was feeling pretty pathetic. I don’t know what expression exuded from my face if it was frustration or hurt, or embarrassment, maybe even some anger. I was feeling the jumble of all those emotions. 
Amber smiled again, the version that declares they think you are such a fool and they feel a little bit sorry for you. She reached over and put her knuckle on my cheek and slid it down to my chin and gently tilted my head up. “Don’t waste your time caring about me. Really. Don’t. You’re sweet.” 
I cringed at her declaration and looked away—not sure if she was being sarcastic or just revealing a sentimental side. Either way, this approach seemed futile. It was time to get blunt, time to get the scalpel and expose the rot. Still looking away I said, “I know your dream, from last night. Sky told me.”
Her tone switched back to the angry and hurt Amber. “Well, I don’t even remember it, so shut up. And your idiot friend’s promise to … dreamweave, whatever, to change things, I knew it was crazy, that he was crazy. And you, too. He made me feel like a fool. I don’t know why I came out here with you anyway. You’re as deluded as he is. God, I think I just felt sorry for you. You were so pathetic. Take me home. You are pathetic.”
I don’t think I need to describe her expression; it doesn’t take much imagination. But I was very hurt and very shocked. My instinct was to strike back, attack. Probably a good thing my brain could not come up with any worthy counters. I took a slow breath. “You don’t need to kill yourself. The answer is not being with your brother. It wouldn’t make anything better.”
“What do you know? Prick. Take me home.” She stood up.
“Not until you promise. Not to do anything. Hurt yourself.”
“God, you’re crazy. You’re scaring me now.” She started walking toward the car. I caught up with her. 
I swung in front of her and put a hand on her shoulder. “I know your dream, the demon on the water, turning into Taylor and insisting you join him. That’s your dream. And you do remember it.”
She pushed my arm to the side but stood still. “Get away from me dickhead. You don’t know anything. I’ll walk home.”
“Don’t. Amber, I care about you. Let me care about you. You feel alone. But you don’t have to. You don’t need to. Let me in. Let me care.”
“Stop will you! Don’t bother caring. God!”
I’m pretty sure her eyes were starting to well up. I brushed her bangs aside and tucked them behind her ear, then I held her shoulders and looked her in the eyes, I whispered, “I can’t help it. I care about you. Just promise. That you’ll be safe. Won’t do anything.”
“You’re an idiot. You are.” Then she shook her head and smiled, the genuine version that reminds us life never lets go of hope. “I promise. I promise. You’re something, you know that?” 





CHAPTER TEN

After some carefully measured persuasion, Amber agreed to come home with me. Maybe I was a bit naive, but I wanted to show her some normality, some hope. At least allow her to escape the ghetto for half a day. Sky, still bemoaning his failed attempt at Dreamweaving, avoided any contact with Amber and disappeared. Adrian, having no interest to mix with an old flame conveniently left to hang with friends. My parents were getting in a round of golf before the weather turned colder. So I had time to care. I decided the best way to care was to ask no questions; not probe, not push—just be. I turned the TV on to distract and maybe give me an excuse for inane comments leading to a benign conversation. Keep it safe. Then a horrible, unthinkable mistake occurred. Flipping through the channels there was a picture of JFK students returning to class last Monday. I switched the TV off. “God, I’m sorry. God, I’m so sorry.” If I could have vanished into nothingness I sure would have.
“Don’t say that. You don’t have to be sorry. Nothing to be sorry for,” Amber’s words came out in a strange way—no emotion, void of life itself.
“Geez. Let me be sorry. You shouldn’t have to hear that, see that … you shouldn’t …”
“My brother … isn’t crazy, like people say. I hate that they think that.” She paused and shrugged her shoulders. I dare not say anything. If she felt ready she would talk, she would let it out on her terms. After an infinite pause, she spoke. “Maybe it’s better they think that, that he was crazy. I don’t want them to think he’s evil.” She scooted off the sofa and sat on the floor with her back against the sofa and her legs crossed. “Taylor has … had Asperger’s. They just call it Autism now, on the spectrum or something … but it’s not the bad sort. So I’d rather say he has Asperger’s. Asperger’s kids can be pretty smart, can do pretty well at school. But socially, they’re just weird. Hard for them to relate to people. They just don’t know how. They can’t help it. That’s not their fault. But other kids don’t understand that, so they make fun of them, they bully them, they laugh at them. Use them for their shitty, heartless jokes.” She paused, shook her head, paused for a few long seconds and then let out a quick chuckle and said, “Well, Asperger’s kids can be pretty nerdy, hard not to laugh at them sometimes. They get caught up in really weird stuff, like a fascination with UFOs, or World War Two. With Taylor, geez, he would go out every Saturday at twelve when they test the tornado sirens around the county, to listen to the different sirens. He could tell how each one sounded different in its pitch and waves, frequency, whatever. I used to have to go with him sometimes. I hated it. It was embarrassing. Now I miss it.”
“That’s kind of cool.”
“It is, isn’t it? I never thought so before. You ever been bullied, Alex?” I shook my head. “I have. Lots. But I deal with it. Cope with it. I just get mean back. Taylor’s not like that. He can’t understand … how kids are, that they’re stupid and mean and hateful for the sake of it. And he didn’t know how to tell anyone what was happening. He didn’t know how to deal with people and much less with emotions. So the anger built up and up and up and up.” Her voice began to tremble and her fists clenched till her knuckles turned white. “What are you supposed to do with all that anger, anger that turns to rage, that turns to hatred, hatred that consumes but is always hidden, because you have no words, no means to get it out. No understanding of what emotions are.” There was a pause. She shifted her body to the left, then right and stretched her legs out. 
I wanted to say something, but I didn’t know what. I looked at her; her eyes were even duller and tired and desperate. I had to say something. “I wish I’d known you, brother …” I cringed a bit after I said that; it must have sounded so trite.
“That would’ve been good. He might have liked you. It’s hard to know.” I’m not sure if her response was just an attempt to be polite. She shook her head and took in a deep slow breath. As she let it out her body shook. “It’s not his fault. It’s not right what he did, but … he’d had enough. No one can understand that. He didn’t know there were any other options. He just wanted to make people hurt because he was tired of getting hurt. So he did it. He just did it.” She paused, her head turned away. “It’s the damn bullies, that’s whose fault it is. They pushed him over the edge. They created it. They did it. Don’t kids know what they’re doing … when they keep tearing people down for the fun of it? They all need to go to hell. All of them, go to hell!” Silence, which needed to be honored. I waited. I wanted to put my arm around her but dare not. 
She finally continued. “And it’s my stepdad’s fault for leaving the key to the gun safe out where anyone could find it. And it’s my mom’s fault for not seeing what was going on and getting him help, getting him back in the hospital. And it’s God’s fault for letting it happen. And it’s … it’s my fault … for being a horrible sister, for being god-awful mean to him, and … and for resenting that he got all the attention because he had so many problems. My fault for not seeing what was coming, not being there for him. For being so damn wrapped up in my own goddamn self-centered world. Alex, some sins can’t be forgiven. I can never and will never be forgiven. I don’t deserve to be forgiven. Will never deserve it. That’s the reality I have to live with … and die with.”
I so wanted to take her hand and hold it tight. But I did not have the right, the permission to do that. Even though I tried to speak with confidence that would encourage, my words quivered as they surfaced. “Everything can be forgiven.” I heard some preacher say that a long time ago. I didn’t believe it then; I was trying to believe it now for Amber’s sake. “There’s nothing that can’t be forgiven. You have to forgive yourself. You have to know it wasn’t your fault.”
Amber chuckled, then shook her head. “You’re so naïve. You live in a simple world, don’t you? Forgiveness of the horrible is fantasy, Alex. And the horrible will forever embrace me. Forever. That’s what I deserve.”
“You’re wrong. You’re so wrong.” 
“I wish.” She stood up and offered her hand to help me up. “I need to go home.”
I refused to get up and looked at her with pleading and desperate eyes. “Amber, what if Sky could do it? Change the past. We should try again.”
That snide laugh erupted, declaring my utter stupidity. “You may have convinced yourself that that nonsense is true, but … geez, you’re both as delusional as hell. Just leave me out of it. Change the past? Change the future? Get real.”
“He knew your dream. Didn’t he? The demon, the water, the waves. Taylor reaching out to you. How could he know all that, if it wasn’t real?” She had no response. “We need to try again.”
She turned and walked toward the front door. “Take me home. I have to get home. And leave me out of your fantasies. I have to deal with things in my own way. That’s life. And … if you think you can change anything, well just go ahead and live in your pretend world. Take me home.” 
“But how did he know? Your dream?”
“I don’t know, do I? Maybe he can read dreams or something. But he can’t change reality. Let’s go.”
As I walked her to my car, I said, “Thanks, for today. For telling me about Taylor. For letting me be with you. I liked it. I like being with you.” Was that too forward? It probably was. She did smile; but it was a smile I couldn’t read, at least at that moment. “Can I see you again? Soon?”
She took my hand and swung it back and forth. “Alex … thanks. It’s been a good day. And tomorrow may be a good day. So let’s just see what tomorrow brings.”
“Promise? You’ll be okay? Safe?”
“Promise.”
***
Before I woke up the next morning there were twenty texts from Erin, all demanding I call. When I phoned, she screamed, an uncontrollable, I’ll-destroy-you bombardment. I could barely make out her words. “What’d you do to Amber!? What the hell have you done!? Amber killed herself! Overdosed on her mom’s Xanax and valiums along with a bottle of vodka. She’s dead!” 
“No! She was okay. We had a good time. No. She can’t be …”
“She’s dead now! It’s your fault!” She hung up.
The world around me collapsed; everything on the outside and inside swirled uncontrollably, squeezing the breath out of my lungs, sapping every ounce of strength out of my entire body, and crushing my heart—and that’s what it deserved, to be crushed, destroyed, robbed of life. I had failed. Some things can never, will never, be forgiven. 





CHAPTER ELEVEN

“You’re going to fix this! You can. So fix it!” I’d never screamed at anyone in my life; except my brother and that’s different and doesn’t really count. Those words erupted like a raging volcano spewing black as night anger, mixed with plenty of unbearable fear, desperation, and guilt. 
The problem was I didn’t know Sky well enough at this point. I was in for a shock. His reaction was untamed, wild and just plain ugly. First, the look flashed, the kind that burst straight through the heart leaving it mangled and twisted, unable to beat. Then his choice words blasted out, some I had never heard and need not repeat. A moment of silence followed, giving me enough time to draw in a breath and prepare a worthy rebuke. Before my words could surface, Sky lunged toward me and buried his fist in my gut, then swung and caught my left temple. I tumbled down hard. He jumped on top of me, planted his right, then left fist on my face before Adrian tackled him and pinned him to the floor. A lamp wobbled; how it regained its composure, I don’t know. Thankfully, both my parents were out and missed this scene of near destruction going on in their living room. For fifteen minutes Sky continued his rampage of cursing Adrian and me to damnation and worse before he began to run out of venom. “Get your fat ass off me!” He finally screamed with a little less intensity.
“Just chill man!” Adrian shouted back. “Chill! And I’ll let your fat Indian ass up.”
“Get off me, you stupid bitch. I’m gettn’ out of here forever.” He took a quick, deep breath, then his tone morphed. “You can call the police and let them take me back to the hospital. I don’t need you people. We can’t fix anything. Can’t you get that? What’s wrong with you? We can’t fix anything.” Those last few sentences came out slower, no longer animalistic, no longer fueled by anger and hate, but seeming to reflect deep despair and an uprising of crippling guilt. 
I tried to respond to this new show of emotions that were carefully hidden by his ugly rage. “Sky, we can’t give up now. You said it. We do have to fix it. Change things. If maybe we can … do it … we have to keep trying. And you know that. Don’t give up now.”
“Screw you. Screw you both. Let me go. I’m okay. Get off me already.” Adrian sat up on his knees, watching carefully before he stood up. Sky sat up and scooted toward the sofa and leaned his back against it. He now resembled a cowering puppy. “I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry.” A strangely rational, if not philosophical Sky, seemed to emerge. “I should be back in the hospital. It’s safe there. In a weird way, I feel safe there.” Tears began to slip down his cheeks, he ignored them as if he wanted to honor them. “I been in three foster homes, since my grandfather died. In two of them, they beat me, beat me ’cause I didn’t want to talk. Didn’t want to be with those White people. The last one was with an Indian family, but their son, he was seventeen then, he … he messed with me. Lots. But I didn’t want to leave there, so I didn’t tell. Then he got caught doing it to some little girl. He went to prison. Prison at seventeen. Put away like an adult. That’s what he deserved. You know what something like that does to you? Well, you can’t. Never. Sometimes I’d rather be dead than keep thinking about it. What’s wrong with being dead anyway?” Sky stood up and walked toward the front door. “I’m going for a walk. I need some air. I need some … time.” As he opened the door he looked back and said, “You won’t tell your parents about this, will you? I’m sorry.” We both shook our heads. He shrugged his shoulders and walked through the door and down the porch steps.
“He is crazy. Crazy as crazy can be.” Adrian said as he watched Sky walk down the sidewalk. He turned around and looked at me. “He can’t stay here. You know that? No telling what he might do. You got to get rid of him, Al-butt.”
“You know you’d be dead … if it wasn’t for him. Think about that. You’d be dead.” 
Adrian shook his head, bit his lower lip. His words came out slowly, with more thought than I’d ever noticed before. “Yeah, and more kids wouldn’t have died. You ever thought about that … that it was meant to be … that he had no business changing things?”
“If you can save someone, you should. Things aren’t just meant to be. Things like that happen because of what one person does, a choice they make. Life is about choices. Not … stupid fate. If we can change someone’s horrible choice that ends up hurting, killing people, then we should. We have to. Sky has the … the power, ability, whatever it is, to make something like this shit go away, to change it. If he never uses this Dreamweaving again, well, he needs to make this crap right. Those people didn’t need to die. Amber didn’t need to … to do what she did. Hell, Taylor didn’t need to end up the way he did. He just needed someone to understand him, stand up for him, care about him.” 
When I said that a shot of adrenaline blast through my heart, I went over and shook Adrian’s shoulders. “That’s it. You see? That’s what we have to do. Go back and change Taylor. We go back and be his friend, help him. Keep him from getting so bullied, so angry. That would change everything.”
“That makes no sense. You can’t do that. It’s stupid.”
“Why not? We just have to figure out how. There’s got to be a way.”
“You’re as crazy as that Indian. How many times he been in the hospital?”
“I think he said five.”
“And what for? Besides being crazy.”
“That anger most of the time. And trying to kill himself a few times.” Another king-size dose of adrenaline rushed through my veins. “My God! We need to go find him. He said he might as well be dead. Maybe that’s what he’s … we have to find him, Adrian.”
“Just leave him alone. He’ll be fine.”
I bolted out the door and got in my car.
***
Sky, what a mysterious and strange character. To be honest, I didn’t know if I really liked him, could like him or wanted to like him. To be around this guy too long would no doubt lead to growing frustration that would inevitably give birth to red-hot irritation. I might have been friendly to this sort of guy, but would never want to be his friend. And now, I was beginning to feel it may not be safe to be around such a fellow. Sure, his story was sad, if not tragic, and I felt sorry for him, but … unstable, unsafe, and just plain scary. The kind of kid my parents would insist I stay away from. In any other circumstance, I would have left it at that—felt sorry for the dude then left him be to sort himself out. After all, I had just wanted a safe and boring existence. 
That would never be possible now. His gift, his curse; he was the only one who could fix this toxic chaos, this alternative world that was not supposed to be. I had to find him. And too, I really feared he might commit that most selfish of all acts and be gone forever. After all, he told me he had tried it twice before and nearly succeeded the second time; scars on both wrists proved that. 
It was a long time later, two hours maybe, I’d lost track of time, I saw him sitting on the porch of an abandoned house in a very unfriendly, if not hostile, neighborhood. Warped sheets of plywood covered the windows, half of the gutter on one side of the house was hanging down nearly touching the ground. It may have been a bit of paranoia, but I think I saw several bullet holes under the front window. Probably an old meth house was my thought. A notice on the front door pronounced the property as condemned and dangerous. 
I made my way across a front yard covered almost ankle deep with crisp autumn leaves. Sky’s eyes seemed fixed on me; his stare showed no emotion. He was back to the stoic Sky. My own thoughts bounced in my head aimlessly like a silk shirt in a dryer set on high heat. I had no idea what was about to usher forth from my mouth. I reached the porch and stopped. That stare showed no variation. I took in a slow breath. Then words just surfaced. “What the hell are you doing here?”
He rolled his eyes, then shrugged his shoulders. “I’m gonna live here. I can live here. All I need to do is turn the water on. I know how. Do you have a big wrench in your car?” His expression remained blank. He pulled the tie holding his ponytail out and shook his head wildly, leaving it looking like a mangled mane. “Well do you?” 
I was slow to respond. Part of me thought that sounded like a good idea. Better here than at my house. I forced that thought away. “You crazy? You can’t live here. Don’t be stupid.”
“Can. Lived in these sort of places before. Ain’t that bad.”
“Well, you’re not living here. Aren’t you hungry? Let’s go back and get some dinner.”
“You got a hammer in your car? I need it to get the plywood off a window in the back. So I can get in.” He ran his hands through his jet black hair and started braiding it back into a ponytail. He looked back at me and shrugged one shoulder. “Eh? Do you have a hammer? A big wrench? And I would be appreciative of a few blankets, sleeping bag if you got one. And maybe a few candles. That’d be nice.”
“Stop, would ya? You’re not going to stay here. You’re coming home with me.”
“I’m staying here. Leave now if you don’t want to help me.”
“I can’t let you …”
Sky’s eyes flashed black with that shot of untamed and scary rage. “You ain’t my boss. I’ll live my own life. This will be my home … for a while.”
“You’re really determined, aren’t you?” He made no response but his glare declared rock-hard determination. Any more attempts of simple and obvious reasoning would be futile. I went and sat beside him. “Whatever. If that’s what you really want.” There was a moment of a dumb kind of silence. I elbowed his right arm and said, with what was in no doubt obvious naivety in Sky’s perception, “I know how we can do it, fix it. I know what we have to do.”
“Shut up. It’s too late.”
“You shut up and just listen to me.”
“You know nothing. You stupid ass. You little dumbass.”
Ignoring his dismissal, I worked hard to curtail the air of excitement in my voice, lest I sounded too cocky. But I knew this had to be the quest, the goal. “We … I go back a month ago and befriend Taylor, help him. You see? Keep him from getting to the point he got to. You have to go back and try to get me to do this.”
“Stupid. Stupid idea. And you’re stupid. There’s a thousand reasons that won’t work. Can’t be done.”
“Like what?”
Sky laughed, the sort that’s intended to make you feel like a fool. “I told you. I can’t go back in your dream again. Only works once. And to go back that far—no, too long ago. Too much ripple. Don’t you get that? Too dangerous. And … Dreamweaving can only challenge and try to guide a past choice. It can’t make you go out and like someone, be their friend. That’s stupid. There’s no way I could get you to do that.” 
I wasn’t the least deterred. “But I know how we could do it. I’ve written everything down … that’s happened the past few days. If in the past, I could read it. Read stuff only I could know, so I know that I really wrote it I. I’d know what to do to help Taylor. To save everyone.”
“Right. Mail yourself a letter, send an email.”
“No, listen. I send it to the Cloud. Put it in cyberspace. It’s always there. Can’t disappear. I just need someone to get me to go to the SkyDrive and open a file that has all this in it. Erin. Erin could do it. You’d get in her dream. Tell her to get me to look for a file I hadn’t seen before in my SkyDrive.” 
“Oh, what a good idea. Not. Listen, if there was a way to fix all this, I’d try. But I … I broke all the rules and I screwed it all up.”
“Why not try? If it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work.”
“Go home. Leave me alone. Just leave me alone.” 
The sun had long slipped below the horizon and the chill of the autumn night was edging in. But I could just see it, in his eyes, that look of his determined determination. I knew nothing more could be said at that moment—except for one thing. “Are you safe? You’re not going do anything stupid are you?”
“No. Do you got a hammer or not? I need to get in this house.”
“Yeah. I have a hammer.” I retrieved it from my car; he said nothing when I handed it to him. “You need any help?” He shook his head. “I’ll go home and bring you some stuff. You’ve got to eat.” He nodded and went toward the back of the house. 
***
I returned home and stealthily gathered some old camping equipment, a fair bit of food, some blankets, and an old sleeping bag. When I returned to the house, Sky opened the front door and motioned for me to come in. “Thanks.” Said with no sense of sincerity. I was beginning to think the only emotion Sky allowed himself to show was rage.
After setting my two backpacks down, I waited for an awkward moment, I guess I was expecting him to invite me to sit down and have a cup of coffee or something. “Well, I guess I’ll see you later.”
“Maybe,” He bent over and ruffled through the backpacks. “This is great. Thanks.” He looked up at me and said, “You can go now.”
I was dismissed like a small child by his curt father at bedtime. I should have felt insulted and offended, but for some reason, I didn’t. The enigma that was Sky had become an expectation by now. It was only when I got home that I wondered what he meant by “Maybe.”
I went to the abandoned house after school the next day. Sky was gone along with the backpack full of food. I hate to admit this, but I pulled one of the blankets around me, sat on the floor and began to cry. I’m not one particularly in touch with my emotions. After all, most teenage boys have no clue what emotions are—except for anger and infatuation, which we call love and is actually better defined as lust. 
So why was I crying? I don’t really know. Maybe it was for those families that had lost loved ones, maybe it was a strange realization that my brother had miraculously been saved, but at the terrible cost to others. But I do know this, many of those tears were for Amber. I know I barely knew her, but I should have saved her, helped her, not let her go home that night. Inside me there lingered this sense of loss, a loss for what could have been. I know you probably have gotten the impression I cared about her. Alright, I’ll admit it; I had feelings for her, a crush I guess, ever since my brother had dated her. Yeah, it’s stupid, but I felt a sense of loss of what could have been. But there was another deeper aspect of my emotions at that moment—a deep, almost crippling wave of hopelessness and helplessness that things would not be changed. The one who could bring the miracle of resurrection to pass had cruelly disappeared. After the unwanted tears subsided, I pushed any remnant of emotions back where they belonged—but one emotion I did let linger.  Anger. Anger that Sky dared to desert me, dared to give up. I did not want to accept reality … that there was now no hope of redemption, of resurrection. 
That night I dreamed a dream that made me sad; of Amber and Taylor, the three of us together, laughing uncontrollably. We were eating huge bags of cream donuts and drinking bottomless bottles of root beer as we drove from one tornado siren to another. We would listen to them go off, with Taylor mimicking the deafening high-pitched screams of warning. I dreamed of Taylor reaching out and hugging me, thanking me for being there, for making him laugh, for keeping him alive. When I woke up I cursed the cowardly Sky who dared to desert us all.





CHAPTER TWELVE

Sky related the following account sometime after these events. I can only take this story at face value. I assume it is fairly accurate, I know he tends to exaggerate, but it’s hard to know where and how much. I’ll leave it for you to judge for yourself.
Sky hitchhiked 80 miles from Tulsa to a small town called Tahlequah, in northeastern Oklahoma. Evidently, a large Pow Wow was being held near there. I’m not sure what that is, but I assume it involves an overabundance of Native American type of music and wild dancing. He asked a thousand people (his estimation, I’m sure an exaggeration) trying to find the whereabouts of some Native American shaman. “What you White people used to call the medicine man.” He told me. Soars With Eagles was his name, nearly a hundred years old—again, I assume an exaggeration. He was thought to be the last living teacher of Dreamweaving, one of the few Dreamweavers left. Most of the rumors suggested that Soars With Eagles lived in some forbidden and secluded forest on the western edge of Winding Stair Mountain in Southeast Oklahoma, two hundred miles from Tulsa. (Sky had said it was five hundred miles, but I checked that one.) Many said the old man had gone there years ago to die peacefully. Most assumed he had died long ago. Sky held on to hope that they were wrong. At the Pow Wow, he found a tribal elder who confidently stated he was alive. The elder refused to disclose the supposed whereabouts of Soars With Eagles. Sky begged, and finally hinted at why he must see the shaman. The elder hesitantly told him where he thought his cabin might be and which road would get him closest to the forest Soars With Eagles had called his own. The elder told Sky, “If it is meant to be, the Great Spirit will guide you from there. If you are to meet, it will be so.”
Sky road with a family heading that way from the Pow Wow and they dropped him off where the elder had told him, basically in the middle of nowhere. With head erect and eyes focused straight ahead, he breathed in a deep breath and told himself to be bold, that Earth’s Spirit would guide. But it was fear and anxiety that fueled his racing heart. The shaman would know—know about his blatant disregard for the rules of Time Bending, his arrogance thinking he was special, his foolishness trying to prove he was somebody. Humility, the first rule of Dreamweaving. To misuse the gift, to twist the call, was to turn it into a curse. Soars With Eagles would not simply chide him, he would pronounce judgment; he had followed the way of his brother who in blind arrogance had rejected his teacher, their grandfather. His brother had disappeared, never heard from again, but it was thought he had used the secret gift for his own gain.
 Sky headed up an overgrown gravel road which soon morphed into a dirt road. The further he trekked, the more the forest thickened into a low hanging canopy of trees clad with dying leaves. Sky felt he had entered an endless tunnel which somehow was both comforting and foreboding. He stopped and looked around. The sunlight slipping through this canopy seemed to ignite the endless shades of soft but brilliant yellows, reds, oranges, and browns. He thought about how autumn shows us that death is beautiful and that death always gives the promise of the new birth to come. A billion wonderfully hued leaves rustled above him and beside him as the wind gently embraced this autumn afternoon. Nature is our home. That is what his grandfather often told him. Sky breathed in the crisp cool air and for a moment understood what his grandfather meant. The sense of foreboding that had engulfed him slipped off his shoulders. He felt comforted by Nature. He hiked on with renewed hope and confidence.
Sky wasn’t sure if it was three or four or more miles when the ever-winding dirt road faded into a foot trail which soon disappeared. He felt lost; fear now weakened Sky’s resolve. The blackness of the encroaching night now felt hostile; angry waves of rustling trees seemed to scream, declaring he did not belong here, that he did not deserve to be alive. Sky felt smothered. He stopped and looked up. Now it was dark; no more sunlight peeking through the canopy. The forest became a cold and heartless shroud he couldn’t throw off. “No way forward. No way back. Might as well die here, be finished with it all. No. Can’t. Have to fix it.” Sky wrapped up in the sleeping bag I’d loaned him. Sleep came as he prayed that the Great Spirit would lead him to Soars With Eagles, and he prayed that the wise man would accept his penitence and guide him in how to fix what he had so wantonly broken. 
***
“Minninnewah. Awake. Come.” Soars With Eagles stood over Sky. Minninnewah, Whirlwind, that was his Indian name, from his grandfather. Only his grandfather had ever called him that. Sky wrestled to free himself from the cocoon of the sleeping bag. When he finally squirmed free and stood up, his legs were like warm Jell-O. He dared a quick glance at the shaman’s eyes, then quickly looked down.
Soars With Eagles, though a little bit shorter than Sky, stood tall. The ancient man rested one hand on a walking stick. Toughened, leather-like skin declared the sacred strength and wisdom that comes with so many well-lived years. Sky looked into his eyes again, this time a wave of relief swept through his wounded soul; the dull dark brown eyes of the shaman reflected an abiding compassion. He knew he was safe; whatever might transpire, he could accept it and embrace it. 
“Come, Minninnewah. We have much to talk about. Don’t we?” Sky nodded and followed in silence as they made their way through a faint path that winded down a steep hillside and led to a small clearing where a humble but proud cabin sat protected by towering oak and elm trees covered in autumn’s most exuberant shades of life. “Here, nature demands honor and bestow its honor. Here one is able to live as the Great Spirit intended: caring, loving and enjoying the creation. Minninnewah, we must never forget we are the guest, nature is our host.” Soars With Eagles slowly rested his tired and well-worn body on a large log. He motioned Sky to join him. “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?”
Sky’s brain blurred. He shrugged. “I … well … How did you find me?”
“That does not matter. You have misused the gift. The ripple is harsh.”
“I’m sorry. I thought I could help someone. I … I made things worse.”
“Minninnewah, tell me the purpose of the Dreamweaver.”
“To offer a second chance, to help the humble fix a mistake … to learn from their mistake, I … I don’t really know.”
“The Dreamweaver points to the reality of hope and redemption. As we encourage the individual to amend a poor choice, an ill-advised decision, we give the opportunity to redeem what did not need to be, we give hope that within the individual is the ability to be true to who they are. How have you failed?”
Sky told our story, the hospital, saving my brother, others dying, more dying that weren’t supposed to. Soars With Eagles listened silently with a stoic gaze. When Sky finished, the old man put his hand on Sky’s shoulder. “How did you fail?”
“I just wanted to help someone.”
“How did you fail?”
“I … I thought it would help him.” The shaman shook his head. “I just wanted to see if I could … do it. If I really had the gift.”
“And …?
“I wanted to be somebody. To be a … a hero.”
“Minninnewah, a hero is one who refuses to be a hero. Heroes are those who have no thought of being one. They would much rather be the nobody. That was the downfall of your brother; he wanted to play the hero in a world he was sucked into. But it was greed that consumed him. For you, it is loneliness that consumes.”
 Sky stood up and turned his back and stared at the dense forest that resolutely climbed the mountainside. “I’ve lost everyone. I have no one. I just need … I need to be loved, and how can I be loved if there is no one to love me?” A tear slid down his cheek. “I have no one.”
“That is your choice. It is the path you chose to follow. Your anger pushes away those who would offer comfort.”
Sky let more tears surface and felt the sting in his eyes grow. He shook his head. “I don’t know how to stop this. I don’t know how. I try and I still ruin it.”
“Minninnewah, your anger is your weakness, but your anger hides a hurt soul that fears there is no salvation. It is your damaged and suffering soul that silences reason and wisdom. Therefore, you failed to follow the rules, and now countless souls have been touched by that which was not meant to be.”
“I know. How do I fix it? How?”
“You know what must be done.”
“No … yes. Is there no other way? Does Alex’s brother have to die? There must be another way.”
“There is not. Tell me, all the details, of the hospital, of your friends. Tonight, I will warn you. I pray you will listen to your dream. Minninnewah, I fear you will not.”
“No. I will listen.”
Soars With Eagles stood and placed his hand on Sky’s head. “Today you see more clearly. That night in the hospital when you offered to save a life, you were only thinking of being somebody, being a hero, grabbing for something that cannot be grasped. This is what we must do; in your dream tonight, I will warn you of the horror of the ripple that came.”
“I don’t want to… to not have met you. I want this day to live.”
“Oh, little one, this day will live in your dreams. Minninnewah, come let us go for a walk in the woods. Let us enjoy the embrace of the Creator’s creation.” 
They journeyed up the lazy mountainside in silence until they reached the highest summit. The rising morning sun ignited the sky and the valley below with a million shades of splendid glory. “I’ll stay here forever,” Sky whispered. 
“Indeed. To be embraced by nature’s glory … all this puts us in our place. As God’s creatures, we are but a hidden morsel lost in the splendor of an infinite universe. And that is joy, joy unspeakable.”
“Why … why must Adrian die, when he could be saved? There must be another way.”
“You must let him be the hero. Minninnewah, there is one honored attribute the hero possesses, that is only revealed when the moment comes. No hero seeks that moment, but all heroes welcome and embrace that moment when it arrives. You must let Adrian embrace his destiny.”
“Soars With Eagles, what is it? This … attribute.”
“Sacrifice. That is what makes heroes. Embracing the call and the honor to sacrifice for another.”





Friday, November 18 – RESET TWO

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I didn’t know what to make of this guy. But I was stuck with him, one crazy roommate. Did I say crazy? That’s putting it much too nice. What luck! Well, I did my best to ignore him. Hoping he’d get the hint that I wanted him to leave me the heck alone. Who wants friends in the hospital, the psych unit, the looney house? He never got the hint. And that kid did scare me.
Three times he’d been put in a therapeutic hold. That’s what the nurses called it. A kid going wild with anger or frustration or fear or maybe just boredom, oversized male staff would swoop in taking the poor kid to the ground, pinning him to the floor until he calmed down, or got a shot in the butt to help the unfortunate mother’s child return to saneness. How therapeutic is that? And this guy, Sky is his name, seemed to like it, being put in the therapeutic clamp.
“Shut up.” I finally shouted late one night. I was trying to go to sleep. Trying not to think about my brother, about … that day. Trying to convince myself it wasn’t really my fault, convince myself that maybe it didn’t even happen. And, trying to forgive myself for attempting to off myself in a botched suicide attempt. Every moment was filled with a painful question, would my family ever forgive me? “Would you just shut up!” I shouted again, hoping the night staff didn’t hear me.
“Hey. I’m sorry about your brother. What if he didn’t die? What if he was still alive? You wouldn’t be here then. You’d be back home with him.” 
The kid said that and looked at me with a strange smile—a smile that seemed sincere, real, caring. I didn’t like that smile. I shot back, “Shut up. You’re stupid crazy, man. I need to sleep. Geez, you’re crazy.”
“I want to help you. I can … but … no, I can’t. But … I can.”
With as much sarcasm as I could muster up, I said, “That’s real nice of you. I’m sure you could. But just leave me the freak alone. I don’t need your help.” 
He completely ignored my sarcasm, my anger, and my frustration. “I … want to … to help you but … I can’t. I’m sorry.”
“I’m sure you are. Can I sleep now?”
“I had a dream last night. Do you believe in dreams? I mean that they can speak to us.” He paused and then in a near whisper said, “Dreams are powerful. More powerful than you can imagine.” Then he nearly shouted. “But this dream … My God this dream … no, I can’t tell you.” 
My anger was beginning to seethe. I had to fight a horrible and mean urge to get up and plant my fist hard in his face. “Good, ‘cause I don’t care about your flipping dream. God! Leave me alone.”
“It was about you and your brother. Your brother, he was a hero. He saved others. He kept more from dying at school that day. If he hadn’t been there, more would have died. I think you need to know that. And the shaman, in my dream, told me not to help you, to not tell you anything. But I had to tell you, that your brother … he was a hero.” 
A bolt of electricity shot through my whole body, through every big and every tiny vein in my body, all emotions blurred together. Too much! I jumped out of the bed. I didn’t know what I was doing and was shocked when I found myself standing over the wild and crazy Indian with both hands loosely grasping his neck.
“Al-butt. Stop,” The kid gasped.
My hands tightened. “What’d you say? What the hell did you say?”
He gasped, “I said, Al-butt. Stop,” I loosened my grip. “That’s what your brother called you. Right?”
“How’d you know that?” I let go of Sky and stepped back and sat back on my bed. Its plastic protective cover made an annoying squeak. “Only my brother calls me that. How …”
“The dream. He, your brother, called you that in the dream. I don’t know why.”
“No. That’s not … not true. Not possible. How could you know that?”
“I heard and saw lots of things in the dream. Things I experienced in a previous … no, never mind. It was the dream.”
“No, you’re crazy. Dreams! Crazy. How’d you know that my brother called me that?”
“The dream.”
“Stop it about the dream.”
“I told you, dreams are powerful. White people don’t understand that. Don’t believe that. This dream came to help me. Actually, to show me what not to do. What I’m not supposed to do.”
“This is stupid. So what did this dream tell you?”
“Lots. Your brother, he dated the guy’s … the shooter’s sister. Her name is Amber. You … you kind’a liked her. Eh?”
Now my head was spinning. Nothing made sense. How could he know these things? It wasn’t possible. But what if it was true. “What else? What else did it tell you?” My questions were curt, fueled by a jumble of anger and fear and disbelief. 
“Well, I told you. That if your brother wasn’t there that day more would have died. So you shouldn’t feel guilty, that you didn’t get him to stay home with you that day, or that you weren’t there.”
“I … no, this can’t be real. This is some kind of trick. How’d you know all this?”
The guy ignored my question. “Another thing, I’m not sure what it means, but in the dream, you said something about going into the Cloud. Now, I think that meant, you know the iCloud or whatever. Something about a file there. In the dream, you told me about it. Do you know anything about that?” I shook my head. “I think it must be something that you wrote, maybe like a journal. You need to get into the Cloud and read it. I don’t know what’s in it. But I think you should find it. Maybe it will tell you stuff you need to know.” He stopped and grinned at me and nodded his head.
“You’re crazy. None of this makes sense. How do know that … stuff? What’s going on?”
Sky’s words came out quickly showing slight irritation. “I told you dreams are powerful. More than you’ll ever know. The dream I had last night, it was meant to change the past and the future. The shaman, Soars With Eagles, came into my dream and warned me. Warned me what not to do. And that’s all I can say, should say. I think I’ve said too much.”
“What’d you mean? This is crazy.”
“I mean, I can’t say anything more, no can’t. Geez, I’ve said a lot more than I should have. Don’t ask me anymore questions. When you go home. The Cloud, some file. Find it. Read it. No. Don’t. Don’t do anything. Forget I said that.”
“Don’t worry, I will.”
“And when I get out. I’m gonna come see ya. I have to come live with you.”
I laughed, hard at first, and then it slipped into a nervous laugh. It was obvious the crazy guy was actually serious. “Yeah, right. That ain’t gonna happen, so forget it. And Jesus, don’t bother to come see me.” I leaned toward him and tried to keep my voice down, but I’m pretty sure I nearly shouted, and my anger and nerves kept me from finding the right words. “I don’t know what … I don’t know what’s ... But … just shut up about … everything. Got it? You’re not coming to my house, that’s for sure.” Sky just smiled. At that moment Big Country, one of the night techs, came in and switched the light off, and in a voice that meant business, told us to shut up and go to sleep. 
I tried to dismiss the ridiculous conversation that just took place. I tried to sleep. But it’s hard to sleep when you’re four feet away from a delusional kid talking crazy. Talking about things he couldn’t know anything about.   






CHAPTER FOURTEEN

With my scars still visible, still there declaring the depth of my grief, and still fueling my guilt, I walked through the front door of our home. My parents followed behind me. Sure, I was happy as hell to get out of that hospital, away from the craziness, but as I walked through the door I had a frantic, overwhelming need to be back at St. Tony’s. 
Walking through our front door, knowing Adrian was not there, would never be there, the thoughts were too strong, too cruel, I can’t do this. I can’t. Can’t survive.  Shouldn’t be here. Should have done the job right and just escaped all this.  I tried desperately to push those thoughts out of my head, out of my soul. As the door shut, I stopped. My legs were heavy, wouldn’t move, like they were sliding slowly into quicksand. My mother’s arm slipped around my shoulder, then both my mom and dad embraced me. There was the silence of overwhelming grief for a lingering moment as tears emerged. My dad whispered, “We’re going to be okay. We’ll get through this. We have to.” 
Get through this? Day after day, my grief declared I would never get through this. And every day, at some point, the thought, the wish would invade, that I had done it right, finished the job. Then the pain would stop. Then, if the preachers happened to be right, I would be with Adrian again. We have to. We have to get through this. That was the reality I had to cling to. We … I, had to get through this, not for my sake, but for their sake. Too cruel, too selfish to give up. “Yeah. We’ll be okay. And … don’t worry. I’m … I am okay.” 
Strange, maybe sad, but it wasn’t until that moment that it slapped me in the face, the reality of what I had almost done to my parents. Too lose two sons. How could I be so selfish? So uncaring? Callous? Cruel? That realization was like a brass-knuckled fist thrust deep into my gut. “God, I’m sorry. To put you through this. Too ... I made things worse for you. I … It was stupid and mean. I’m so sorry.” A moment of deadly quiet filled the room, no, the whole house. That pause declared so much; their pain, disappointment, their fear and most of all their anger over what I did. How could they ever forgive me? Why should they?
My mom finally offered the required response. “Don’t say that. You went through a lot. But you’re still with us, that’s all that matters.”
“Can you forgive me?”
Another slight but condemning pause. “Alex, there’s nothing to forgive. There is nothing to forgive,” my dad said. Mom echoed the same. 
I tried to will myself to believe that. That evening the three of us, the family minus one, sat watching but never watching the television—some comedy, some stupid movie meant to distract, meant to push away the grief that I knew would never let go. At eleven I announced I would be going to bed. “Are you okay? Alex? Will you be okay?” Mom reached out her hand and grasped my hand with a reassuring squeeze.
“Yeah. I’m fine. I am.” Their worry, their fear, fueled more guilt. “Don’t worry. Goodnight.” I kissed mom on the forehead. “I love you all.”
“Love you.” Both said in unison. They did love me. I knew that would never change. And maybe they would forgive me. But I could never forgive myself. 
It must have been one am when I finally gave up willing sleep to come and went to sit on the windowsill and stared out the window. Soft, silvery moonlight reflected across the damp pavement of the street in front of the house. It was painful to look down on the street where we used to play touch football, race our bikes up and down, hoping mom wouldn’t see us and demand we stop, declaring how brainless we were. From that window I watched Adrian steal his first kiss from some girl down the street. He was twelve. I was fourteen. I whistled out the window. And yeah I was jealous, that he was kissing girls long before I did. 
A million memories flooded through my head, memories that made me smile, sometimes laugh, but each memory also dug into my heart like a sharp knife. Each memory hurt like hell. At five, an image popped into my head, the crazy Indian saying, Your brother was a hero. More would have died. He saved people. He did. I believed that. He would have done that. He would have saved others. I tried to imagine what happened that day, how he would have stopped more from dying. He and two others had died in the parking lot. He must have warned someone, maybe tried to stop Taylor, maybe tried to talk him out of it. Adrian was a hero. At least the Indian gave me a fantasy that offered a little solace. I wanted so to believe that crazy kid knew something that was impossible to know. 
The next morning I forced myself to get on the computer, logging into Facebook and Twitter. I knew it would be hard. I knew it would force more tears, but the therapist at the hospital had said tears are important. “Tears let the grief out. You need to cry now and then.”
 There were countless tributes to Adrian and the other two that were killed: Joseph Bradford and Sam Moore. I could hardly get through the stories people related, the collective memories celebrating three young lives that were lived well, lived pretty much to the fullest. It was too hard, but it had to be read. Then there were the unending words of hatred and rage, toward Taylor, toward his sister, his parents. Graphic threats I could hardly believe. I was as angry as one could imagine at Taylor, but I would not dare treat his family that way. Didn’t people know they were going through enough already? They had enough hurt and guilt and shame to last a thousand lifetimes. Why would people need to make it worse, try to destroy them? I guess that they had to channel their anger, their grief, and their impossible emotions at something outside themselves.
As I read through those horrible threats, I remembered another thing Sky had said, that Taylor’s sister would commit suicide. Adrian knew her, dated her for a while. I knew her a bit. I didn’t believe Sky was right about that. All his talk was too crazy. But how’d he know? How’d he even know I … yeah, kind of liked her. I don’t even know why, but I did, back then, but that was a long time ago. 
“Be sure to go to the Cloud. Some file is there.” He must have said that a hundred times. “You have to find it, read it. You have to.” His words started haunting me. I tried hard to dismiss them. The Cloud. Find the file. That’s stupid. I hardly access OneDrive. He’s just crazy. I’d never put any documents there, maybe some music now and then, that’s all. But Sky’s words began intruding into my strained and overworked brain. Find it. Read it. Something you wrote. Maybe it will tell you stuff you need to know. Finally, I told myself it wouldn’t hurt to look. If only to prove that the guy was certifiable. 
And there it was, a file stuck in the middle of some of my music files. A Word file called Dreamweaver. All of a sudden my understanding of reality imploded, all of a sudden my world turned upside down and inside out. What I read could not be true, but it had to be true. 
***
All that night I read it, four times over. I guess you’d call it a journal. It was an impossible, implausible story about changing the past, Time Bending, Dreamweaving, ripples. No. It was pure fantasy. But … I’d written it. I couldn’t have written it, but I had to have written it. There was too much only I and Adrian would have known. And it did sound like me, things I would say, the way I express things. Here were stories that happened to me, to my brother, to Amber. Stories that did happen but didn’t happen. I didn’t know what to do with this … this revelation, this impossible secret that the past, the future can be altered. What am I supposed to do with this? It’s nonsense. Can’t be real. But it must be … real. Adrian was a hero. But … this means … It meant my brother could be alive. That thought, that possibility made me angry. My hands, then arms and whole body began to shake. Why wouldn’t the stupid Indian change it … save my brother? Why would he let him die? That wasn’t right. He could be saved. But no. This couldn’t even be real. It was pure fantasy. I had to find that crazy Indian, Sky. That evening I went back to the hospital, to the psych ward. I had to talk to him. I got there for visitation at six-thirty. The charge nurse told me he wasn’t there. “He’s gone AWOL, again. Don’t worry he’ll be back. He always comes back.” She said with a strange sort of smile. I knew exactly where he would be. It was in my journal. 





CHAPTER FIFTEEN

As I walked through the front door, I heard unusually loud and hard laughter coming from the kitchen. There had been an unspoken but sacred ban on laughter in our house since that day. I took several deep breaths before I entered the kitchen. With a smile I’d not seen in a long while, my mom looked up. “Alex, look who’s here. Your friend from the hospital. He’s been out a few days. He said you insisted he come to see how you were doing when you got discharged. He’s just been telling me about some of your more peculiar … um, fellow patients at the hospital.” Sky looked up at me with his cheeky but distinctly charming grin which, at that moment, I found very irritating. 
I nodded and forced a smile. “That’s cool. Great to see you … Sky. Let’s go catch up on things.”
“Sure thingy. Thanks for the tea, Ms. McGee. Hey, that rhymes, cool. Eh?” Sky looked at me with a wide-eyed beam and said, “Yeah, let’s go catch up. Miss me?”
“Oh, yeah. Sure thing. We’ll go hang out upstairs, mom.”
My mom nodded, smiled and said, “That’s wonderful. Now, don’t be too late. I’m sure Sky’s parents need their time with him.” It seems little Sky could be very charming and disarming at times. But having read my past encounters, another side existed behind this charm, a side that I knew I wouldn’t be able to escape. 
“I’m sure,” I muttered.
Sky blurted, “Oh, they’ll be okay. They get plenty of me.”
***
“Why you talking to my mom like that? What’a you doing here?”
“I am chatt’n your momma up, so she’ll say yes when you ask her if I can live here. I told you I was gonna live with you.”
“And I told you that you were crazy.”
He ignored me. Sky was good at that. “I’ll sleep in here tonight. On the floor, that’s okay with me. But I think you’ll have to pretend to take me home, at least tonight. Until we ask ’em if I can live here.” He flopped on my bed and lay there. “Hey, this is comfy. Nice bed. And room for both of us really.”
“I’m gonna take you back to the hospital is what I’m going to do.”
Ignored again, “Did you? Find it? Read it? You shouldn’t have. But did you? What was in it? I want to read it. Even though we shouldn’t. Did you? Find something? Like a diary.”
“It’s not a diary. It’s … a … it’s not real … I mean … it doesn’t make sense. It’s like fiction. It has to be fiction.”
“Wow. It must be something. But it will be real. I want to read it. I want to know what happened. I want to know more about the ripple. What happened. What I did wrong. I’m glad you decided to write that diary. Probably shouldn’t have. Breaks the rules you know.”
“Well, if it’s real, you’re going to go back and save my brother. Change things, the right way this time.” I couldn’t believe those words just left my mouth. But it was a cry for fantasy to be reality. 
“No. Can’t. Wish I could. But can’t. Hey. You have an air mattress?” Sky sat up and looked around scrutinizing my room. I had this wave of unease like he was learning too much about me.
“You’re not staying here. And you will change things, change it again. You will.” As those words slipped out of my mouth, strange emotions rolled around inside me—embarrassed that I had actually made such a demand, which meant I must be crazy for believing it could happen. But too there was a sense of unspeakable excitement, that maybe, maybe my brother could be alive, and maybe no one would have to die. Then, there was a sharp sense of unsettling fear. I’d read the journal and it was obvious, if it was true, that there were risks in this Dreamweaving. But I would do whatever it would take to push that fear far away, and I would do whatever I had to get Sky to … bend time. “Okay, you can stay here. And we are going to figure out how to save my brother and everyone else. Like I wrote, we have to figure how to get to Taylor, before he … does what he does.”
Sky’s demeanor flipped like a light switch; his eyes drew in and seemed to turn black. “Idiot. No. No. No. We can’t. I can’t. And that’s that.” 
There was that flash of anger from this Native American that I’d written about in my journal. And it was a bit scary. But I would not be deterred. “What I wrote. If it’s real, true, then you can and you will. You really going to sit back and let people die? When it doesn’t have to be? Come on.”
“My dream warned me. Not to Dreamweave with you. Because it meant more people died. Your brother was the hero, he was the reason only a few died. Then I messed it up. And it had to be fixed. Soars With Eagles warned me. He fixed it. Got to leave it there. Let him be the hero.” He said that slowly. He sighed, quickly expelling all the air from his lungs and then shrugged and shook his head. Looking around my room again he pointed at my laptop. “I need to read what you wrote. I want to know everything. How I … made things worse. It can’t happen again.” His voice wavered, got quiet, then got loud; it was as if different voices inside his mind and soul were demanding to be obeyed.
“Okay. It was bad. But we … you, you can learn from it. How to do it different this time.” My voice was getting loud, loud with desperation. “Read it. Then we’ll figure out what to do different. Sky, we can. We have to. You can be the secret hero. You can do something to change the world for the better. You can save people. Think about that.” 
Sky looked at me, his eyebrows pulled down and his head tilted to the left. Maybe it was a look of bewilderment that was giving way to a growing realization that I was right, that he could be somebody, a hero. The superhero who disappears, content he had saved the world and needed no more recognition. A very faint grin broke through. He said, “Let me read it then.” I opened the file and gave him my laptop. He pushed himself against the headboard, set the computer on his knees, looked at me and said, “Alone. I want to be alone.”
I was a little indignant, this kid taking over my room, ordering me out. I took a slow breath and said, “Sure. I got someplace to go. And I’ll tell mom you’re staying the night, that your parents said it’s okay.” I would have to lie. I wasn’t used to that. But evidently, from what I read, I could get pretty good at it really quick. I went downstairs, talked to mom and left Sky on his own to face what was, then what wasn’t.  









CHAPTER SIXTEEN

As I sat in my car in front of the apartments where Amber supposedly lived, my stomach churned, I feared its contents might decide to erupt. Here was the real test. If she did lives here … well, that would prove it, that it was all real.  With what must have been bloodshot and hollow eyes, I stared at the door of Amber’s alleged apartment. What am doing here? What if she never comes out? Then nothing will be proved. How long should I wait? Geez, maybe she’s already killed herself. Thoughts bombarded me from all directions; intrusive ramblings in my brain about impossible possibilities, about fantasy trumping reality and what that could mean. Could this really be true? That I knew the future, or knew what could have been, or shouldn’t have been, but somehow was and now wasn’t but could be. It was all too confusing, no, utterly surreal. And to think, this would be the second time I was coming to grips with such an impossible reality. A million thoughts bombarded my brain. What if she does emerge from her hidden world behind that lifeless front door? Do I really want to have this fantasy proven to be real? Maybe I should just leave. Maybe I should go knock on the door. Maybe it was just plain stupid I’m even here. How can this be true anyway? How? All this impossible nonsense. Time Bending, Dreamweaving. Alternative pasts and alternative futures. Maybe Sky was right. Real, but too dangerous. Just leave fate be. No. Can’t. 
Finely, the front door of her apartment opened slowly, as if was not sure it wanted to expose the dark abode to the light of day. Amber peered around the door, her neck straining as she searched for signs of any signs of life; searching for the likes of me. 
My heart stopped for a long second then raced so hard and fast I couldn’t breathe. My view, my understanding of reality blown to smithereens. It all has to be true. What now?
As she emerged, she pulled her hoody over her head and slowly walked toward a play area occupied by a small slide, a sandbox, and some swings. She sat down on the side of the sandbox and buried her feet in the sand. She yanked her hoody off her head and looked up at the sky; a few stars were just beginning to light up the darkening sky. I could barely see, but in the fading light her face looked pale and anemic, exhausted, maybe from far too many tears or too many sleepless nights, or maybe from unbearable guilt and shame that would crush any human being.  At least she was still alive. I could have left. I should have left. But I didn’t.
***
Amber stared me as I walked toward her. I thought her eyes were going to bursts into flames: it was a look that could destroy a man’s soul. Her clenched jaw and tight brow declared that I’d better just turn and run or else. Then she pulled her hoody back over her head, and in a dead monotone said, “Get the hell away from me. Leave. Leave me alone.” I kept walking toward her and smiled, at least I think it was a smile, I’m not sure. It might have been one of those pathetic forced grins that reveal intense self-doubt. My smile was supposed to be a friendly disarming assurance that she was safe. “Get the hell away.” Her voice was now very loud and very intimidating.
“Amber. I’m … I’m Alex. I …”
She looked up, her hood slipped off her head. “I told you to go away.” Another burning flash from her golden eyes caused me to take half a step back. Then suddenly her eyes bulged, now filled with terror. “I … I know you. I know who you are. Leave me alone. It wasn’t my fault. I could say I’m sorry a million times and you wouldn’t believe me and it wouldn’t make a difference.” With one swift move, her body shot up and she began to run toward the apartments.
“Amber! Stop!” I caught up and reached for her arm. Her shoulder bucked hard to the left. “I just want to talk. I don’t blame you. I don’t blame anyone. I know about Taylor. His … that he has Asperger’s. I know what he was going through, that he was bullied, that he felt alone, angry, desperate. I know you feel guilty.” She swung around and thrust both her hands into my chest. I stumbled backward and barely caught myself before I fell, which would have no doubt left my brains splattered all over the pavement. Still regaining my balance I said, “And I know you’re … you’re thinking about killing yourself. And you can’t be thinking that way. You can’t do that.”
“Go to hell! Go to hell! You don’t know anything about me. About us. Why are you here? What do you want? And how’d you find us? No.  Just … go!” She stepped toward me with a balled fist which, out of nowhere, swooshed by my faced causing a brush of air to tickle my nose.  
Somehow I remained steady. “I just want to talk. Really. I think I can help you. And you can help me. I think we can help each other. Please. Can we just talk?”
“About what?”
That was a good question. I wasn’t sure. “Stuff,” I said. That was lame, I know. “I mean things. I … Geez. Things you won’t understand and I don’t understand.” Lame as well. But that must have tripped some kind of curiosity, she turned around and walked to the playground and sat on the sandbox. 
I sat across from her. We both buried our shoes in the sand. I gathered a clump of sand and let it fall slowly through my fingers. Her jet-black foot-long bangs covered most of her face; I could just see her right eye and the corner of her lip. I so wanted to reach over and tuck her bangs behind her ear and just look into her hurt, damaged, hopeless eyes. I didn’t care what Adrian had said about her, didn’t care about their short-lived romance. She was never Adrian’s type. I always knew that but could never say it. Yeah, I’d always kind of liked her, been intrigued by her, but never had a chance to do anything about it. Maybe that’s not true. I guess I could have done something back then, called her I suppose. But really I was scared of rejection. The idea of dating had always scared me, so I simply avoided it, refused to see it as an option. Even back then, the few times I saw her, I really wanted to tell her that she was adorable, cute, and had a cheeky but alluring smile, that her golden-brown eyes seemed so caring and inviting and still just plain sexy. I wanted to tell her she didn’t need that hard exterior she could so quickly throw up, a trait that led Adrian to run the other way after a short-lived relationship. But I couldn’t tell her any of those things then or now. 
I drew in a quick breath and opened my mouth hoping something meaningful would surface. Before any words came out, she blurted, “How’d you find me?” Then shrugged her shoulders and tilted her head in an accusing sort of manner, declaring I owed her a straight and honest answer.
How could I answer that question? Something I wrote about in an alternative reality which no longer exists. How did I find you? Well, Adrian actually found you and Erin, brought you to our house. Then we went over to your apartment with this Indian friend of my mine and he tried to do some Dreamweaving but it didn’t work. And you ended up committing suicide. How could someone who was dead find you? I told you he was alive in an alternative reality that no longer exists. But neither of us can remember anything about it because it was undone or something, and that’s why you’re alive now. Yeah, I could have said something like that. But it sounded crazy to me still and would sound senseless and idiotic to any sane person. It would only declare I was crazy and belonged somewhere reserved for the hopelessly delusional and dangerous segment of our already crazy society. “It doesn’t matter, does it? How I found you?”
Her barely visible eye drew into a mean squint, and her head snapped back and she pulled her bangs behind her ear.  She propelled a look at me that literally made my heart skip a beat. “Of course it does! How’d you find me?”
I shrugged my shoulders. “Luck, I guess.” Not a very convincing lie. Her hardened glare seemed to heat up several notches. “Honestly? If I told you, you wouldn’t believe me. So I’m not going to tell you … yet.”
“You’re just annoying. I think you must be an idiot.” Now, there seemed to be a hint of a slight, but real smile, when she said that.
I nodded and smiled. “I know. I am annoying and frustrating, and maybe an idiot. But I swear to God, I am frustrated and I am as confused as hell in a snowstorm, and yeah, I feel I might be going crazy. I just don’t want to make you crazy. So I can’t tell you … not right now.”
She grinned again with a nice, discernable upward lift of the corner of her lips. Her head nodded, then shook. “I don’t know what to make of you. Other than you are crazy.”
“I feel crazy, and sort of wish I was. But I don’t think I am.”
A fleeting silence fell, the kind that brought a moment of relief, releasing just a little bit of the built-up tension that I was working hard to ignore. Her smile inevitably slipped away, she pressed her lips together and her mouth turned down. “I’m sorry… about your brother. I … he was … I …I’m sorry what happened. God, I’m sorry.”
“No. No. Don’t be. Something I know, in my heart. If he hadn’t been there more would have died, a lot more. He was a hero.” Tears welled up in my eyes. I tried to push them away but couldn’t. I looked down and scooped up another handful of sand and let it slip slowly through my fingers. “You shouldn’t … no, don’t be sorry. I … I feel bad … about your brother. No one knew how to help him. You shouldn’t feel bad, shouldn’t feel guilty.”
“Easy for you to say,” She muttered that, not wanting but wanting this to be heard. “There’s a lot I could have done to … to stop it … to change things. How can I live with that? Tell me that? No one can answer that, can they? Because there’s no way to live with that.” Her tone was flat, resigned.
“What if’s, shoulda’s, coulda’s don’t help. That’ll just destroy us. We can’t worry about the what ifs. We have to worry about the what nows. Worry about moving on. And it’s not easy for me to say that.”
“Sometimes … sometimes I just want it to end. Everything. It’d be a relief for me and everyone else. I don’t deserve … to … I don’t deserve anything.” 
Tears slipped down both cheeks and seemed to race towards her chin, quickly falling helplessly into her lap. I imagined reaching over and wiping her tears away and embracing her, holding her, forever if I had to. I pushed the image and desire from my mind and heart and shook my head. My words came out quickly. “Stop it. Don’t say that. You can’t think that. No one hates you. No one blames you.”
“They do. A billion text messages demand we die too. And they’re right. I don’t deserve to live. You’ll never understand that. So don’t even try to say it’s okay, it’s going to be fine and all that shit.” 
I nodded. More tears. From both of us. “Amber, I tried to do it. Nearly killed myself. I was in the hospital because of it. I just got out. I wanted to die. I nearly did. That’s not the answer. It just hurts more people. Doesn’t fix anything.”
“It fixes the pain. It ends the pain, the shame, the guilt. I think you should go home. Leave me alone. I’m fine.” she lied.
“I’m not leaving. I’m not leaving you. I left you before and you ended up killing yourself. I…” I stopped, realizing what I had just said. It made no sense to me, but it was what I had written about and sent to the Cloud. And if what I wrote really happened then I certainly wasn’t going to let it happen again. “I know that sounds crazy. Geez. I shouldn’t have said that. You’ll think I’m crazy.”
“Yeaaah,” she said slowly. She looked up at the stars which were nearly all present and accounted for. “You’d better go.” She started to get up.
“Things can be changed. It can all be changed. Undone. It can,” I said as I stood up. I stepped in front of her. “I’ll tell you how I know where you moved to. You and Erin told us and we came over here. And I talked with you. And you told me all about your brother.”
She plowed her fist hard into my left shoulder, I worked hard not to grimace. “You are crazy. Get away from me or I’ll scream. I will.”
I ignored the threat. “You told me about how he loves the sirens, the tornado sirens. That you would take him out to different ones around the city when they test them on Saturdays.”
Amber stepped back. “How do you know that? I never told anyone. It was too embarrassing. It was our secret.”
“It is true then. You told me. It has to be true.” I laughed and had to bite my lip to curtail it. “You told me,” Those words came out slowly; each word became a declaration that dispelled the doubt that had been swirling inside the sane portion of my senses. It was real. It was true. And that meant it all could be changed: lives saved, life reborn, hope restored. “This all … it all can be changed … fixed.” She shook her head and started to walk away again. I pulled my phone out and got into the OneDrive and opened the Dreamweaver file. “Stop. Hold on. You have to read this. Please.” I stepped in front of her and waved my phone frantically at her. She stopped, her turned up left lip and tight jaw declared disgust and anger, but an ever-so-slight gleam in her eyes seemed to reflect both fear and confusion. I found the bit where I’d written about Adrian finding her and Erin, and our convincing Amber to try the Dreamweaving, and then the failed attempt and the conversation we had later on, and everything she had told me, that I couldn’t possibly know, and finally her pretending she was just fine and then going and killing herself. “Come. Sit down. Just read this. Then I’ll leave. But I think you’ll want to come with me. I think you’ll want to meet someone.”
She took the phone and sat again at the sandbox. I sat next to her and watched confused and baffled emotions ebb and flow from her face—bewilderment, anger, disbelief, confusion, and a slight but real glimmer of hope reborn.   





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Sneaking a female out of her home and then into my house; the good child would never conceive of such a thing. Amber had had plenty of practice. She even admitted to enticing Adrian to sneak out one night. The dirty bastard didn’t even tell me about that. It was nearly eleven when we arrived at my house. 
My parents had been texting me for two hours demanding I come home. They didn’t trust me; they feared I might try the deadly deed again; try to off myself. Amber sat in the car as I went in and apologized profusely while spinning some yarn about having gone to the park and fallen asleep and losing track of time. I then braced myself for the endless lecture which would precede the dreaded consequences being dished out. This rarely happened to me, but for the wayward Adrian, it was a weekly affair. But, of course, none of this would matter if Sky did his time-bending—this night would never happen. The expected lecture was a shortened version, maybe partly because the sympathy tank had not yet been depleted since coming home from the hospital and partly, I assume, because my fib was more than adequate for someone who was not accustomed to fabricating deceits that prove that parents no longer know it all. 
***
“No. No. No!” Sky declared as I walked through the bedroom door with Amber behind, this not long after my parents finally retreated to their bedroom for whatever rituals old people adopt as they prepare for a good night’s rest. One thing teenagers are good at is stealth maneuvers, gliding up stares in dead silence having learned to avoid certain creaking steps and floorboards. I just shrugged my shoulders. Sky repeated himself. “No. No. No. I know what you’re up to. And it ain’t happen’n. No way. You shouldn’t have brought her here. No. You shouldn’t have done that.” I was learning no was one of Sky’s favorite words. “I read it all. I ain’t gonna mess things up again. Don’t you get it?”
“Shh. Keep it down will ya?” I took Amber by the hand and sat her on the windowsill. “You won’t mess it up this time. Anyway, what kind of greeting is that for a beautiful and brave stranger?”
“She shouldn’t be here,” Sky snapped.
“Lovely to meet you as well Mr. Sky.” Amber said, then crossed her arms and shook her head. “I thought you said he would be cool with things.”
“Sky, we can do it. We have to. Don’t you see you have another chance? To save people.”
“Can’t do it. Already Dreamweaved with both of you. Never works a second time. So leave it alone.” He laid back down on my bed as if it were his. He crossed his arms and shut his eyes. “I’m tired. I’m going to sleep. You can take her back where she came from.”
“Fine,” Amber muttered and started toward the door. “Real nice guy, this friend of yours.”
I caught her arm and pulled her back. “Wait.” I forced her back to her perch on the windowsill. “You haven’t done it with either of us. Remember? That didn’t happen. So you have never messed with our dreams. This will be the first time for both of us.” I threw myself on the other half of the bed and stuck my finger in Sky’s ear. “Come on. I have a plan.”
Sky batted my hand away and turned on his side working hard to ignore me. “I told you, it ain’t happening. Leave me alone. I’m sleepin’.”
“You’re going to come into both our dreams tonight. You’re gonna warn us both. That way we’ll work together to change things. Warn us to help Taylor. To stop him. Sky, we can save everybody. And tell you’ll us to read the file, so we know what’s going on. You can do it. It will work. It will.”
Sky pushed himself up and glared at me. “You are crazy. That’s impossible. Can’t be done. Anyway, I told you we’re not doing it. Too dangerous. Too much ripple. Don’t you get that? It’s too long ago now. Too much has happened that we shouldn’t be messing with.”
Amber shot off her perch, lunged over to the bed and pushed Sky square on both shoulders and pinned him down and thrust her face close to his.  “Listen here, little man. You are going to do this. You’re going to save everyone. If you can, you’re going to try. I’m not sure I even believe it. But … but damn it, you’re going to try.” Amber released Sky’s arms and sat back up. Tears surfaced; she fought hard to keep the tears from taking control. She whispered, “You have to. You can’t let my brother … You can’t … you … ” Her words disappeared, she returned to her perch on the windowsill.  
Sky sat up and clasped his hands on top of his head, it looked like he was trying to bury his fingers deep into his skull. “Screw this. I can’t do it. Soars With Eagles said … no can’t and won’t. Too dangerous. Won’t do it. Stop it. Shut up. Can’t.” Funny thing was that Sky seemed to be talking to himself, not us, as if trying to convince himself to believe something he knew he shouldn’t believe. And a slow breath, he whispered, “Why are you doing this to me?” Words that I couldn’t be sure were directed to Amber and me or addressed to himself, or maybe to someone unseen but still felt. “No. I can’t.” He said, still in whisper.
I stepped over and put my hand on his shoulder and said, “You just think you can’t do it. You can. You have to. Sky, we know you can do it. And it has to be done. It has to be done because it can be done. People can be saved. Taylor can be saved. It’s your call, your destiny. To be a hero. To be our hero.”
Sky pushed himself to the foot of the bed and sat there. He sighed, then shrugged. His words came out in a hushed murmur. “No. Nooo.” He paused, shook his head hard, and then threw his hands in the air. “I’ll … Geez. Okay. We’ll try it. I’ll … I’ll try.”
It was set. The plan in motion. Salvation coming. Amber took a Benadryl to help her sleep and maybe calm her brain enough to be more open to the Dreamweaver this time. I got on my computer and chronicled the events of the day to send to the Cloud. Sky entered Amber’s dreams and I waited for my turn. 






Thursday, October 22 – RESET THREE

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Adrian. I had one wacko dream last night. About that Amber, you used to date.” My thoughts were still whirling like a tornado after I’d woken from a curious yet very disturbing dream; one of those dreams that seems so real that it’s a shock when you wake up and it takes a few seconds for the realization to dawn, it was only a dream. “You remember her?” I remembered her; I knew he did, too. Every now and then I’d think about her. She was cute and intriguing and needy; and for some reason that I never understood, I was attracted to that neediness and that cuteness. We’d just gotten into the car to drive to school.
“Afraid so. The girl whose name is never to be uttered, so I don’t need to hear about your stupid dream Al-butt.” Adrian was lost in his own secret thoughts; morning never suited him. Our morning drive to school was a ritual of silence, which had become sacred.
“It so weird, scary weird. I hate dreams like that. And this one was … too real.”
“So go write it down and leave me out of it. Especially if it has anything to do with that girl.” 
“Does she have a brother?” Adrian shrugged his shoulders and muttered that he thought so. “There was this guy, her brother, in the dream. And he goes crazy, real crazy. Shoots up the school. And …” Adrian let out a big sigh declaring his determination not to care. “And he shot you. Killed you.”
Adrian chuckled. “Oh yeah. Is that an expression of your death wish for me? I didn’t know you were that jealous of me.”
“Amber and me, we were there, standing behind him, her brother. Is her brother named Taylor or Tyler? We were screaming for him to stop. Stop killing people. He just turned around and smiled and nodded and kept shooting. I tried to run after him but my legs wouldn’t move. All I could do was stand there and cry, weep. Amber did the same thing.” It was really strange, but my heart was beating faster and faster as I went on. Adrian just stared out the passenger’s window. “Then this strange dude, some Indian guy with a ponytail comes and takes us by the hand and says, ‘You have to stop this. You can stop him.’ Then all of sudden we’re sitting on top of this tower, Amber, me, this Indian kid and Amber’s brother. He’s laughing and smiling, so happy. Then the Indian looks at me and says, ‘You can help him. There’s not much time but you can help him.’ Then a siren goes off. We were sitting on top of one of the tornado sirens. That’s when I woke up.” I swung my arm and hit Adrian’s arm. “It’s like it’s a… a sign, a premonition of some sort. A warning.”
“It was a dream, Al-butt. Dreams are weird. That’s what they all are. Weird. I don’t know why we have dreams anyway. They’re a waste of time is what they are.”
“It was different. This was different. It just was.”
“It was a dream. Forget about it. And shut up about it. I could care less about your dreams.”
“I’m gonna find Amber. Find out about her brother. I just have to. What’s her first hour?”
“How the hell should I know?” Adrian amped up the decibels declaring his mounting irritation. 
“She’s in your grade. You must know.”
“You know you’re crazy? Just forget the freak’n dream. Of course, she’s crazy too. So maybe the two of you should get together.”
“What’s her first class?”
“God. Geez. I don’t know. I see her go down E-wing in the morning. She has a class down there, I guess. I don’t know which one. I don’t care. You just need to leave it alone. Don’t mess with her. Honestly, she is crazy.” He looked at me, shook his head, then laughed. “You going crazy or what? Damn, Al-butt, it was just a dream. And yeah, she has a weirdo brother. So what? That doesn’t mean anything. Forget your dream and forget her.”
***
I pulled up to the main doors of the school, nearly screeching the already worn tires. I told Adrian to park my car and sprinted through the front doors, down the left corridor toward the E-wing. I should have been used to it, but it seemed there were ten thousand kids meandering down the hall, like cows off to be milked. I hadn’t see Amber in nearly two years—well, I had seen her in the dream but that was fuzzy and based on a faded memory tucked away in my brain. I hoped I would recognize her. 
Down the hall, as is the highly tuned instinct in the teenage world, kids ambled in groups of two's, three’s and four’s, all pretending to be happy in their assumed social station in the teen pecking order. I stood on my tiptoes trying to spot her. I was about to give up when I caught sight of her, at least I was pretty sure it had to be her. She was just about to turn the corner to go down the East wing. 
“Amber! Amber!” My voice echoed down the hall of annoying and loud babbling nonsense as students shuffled toward their assigned cattle pens. She didn’t hear or just ignored me. With no regard for the safety of the innocent, I pushed through the herd of teenagers and called out again. “Amber! Stop.” She looked around, shook her head and walked more determinedly. With complete impoliteness and impertinence, I rocketed through the crowded hall and tried to gently grasp Amber’s arm, I’m sure it was anything but gentle. She flinched.
“Get away creep.” Was her strong retort. 
Out of breath, my words had trouble coming out with any force. “Amber, it’s Alex. Adrian’s brother. Just need to ask you a question.”
She turned and looked at me. Her eyes suddenly bulged and her jaw dropped, I thought she might let loose a mighty scream of bloody murder.   Then, with mumbled words, she said, “I know who you are. I … get away, leave me alone.”
“Just a question. One question. Do you have a brother?” She played deaf and walked on. I caught up. “Tornado sirens? Does that mean anything to you?” 
She spun around, nearly losing her balance. Two oversized textbooks slipped through her arms and seemed to detonate as they hit the floor. Shock and fear was etched on her face. “Meet me. Doors by the gym. After first hour.” I picked her books up and she shot off, glancing back at me as she reached her classroom door, her eyes wide and mouth half open.
First hour was a blur. I didn’t even notice we had a substitute until class was nearly over. The projector in my head kept playing the dream in an endless loop. Only flashes of Amber’s expression and her three-word command, get away creep, occasionally broke the loop that was beginning to drive me insane. The bell was refusing to declare enough was enough, class over. When it finally rang, I shot out of the room like a flare cutting into the night. 
***
“Why’d you ask me about my brother? Why’d you ask about the sirens?” 
Before I could answer, Amber grabbed my hand and pulled me through the side door that led to a pathway hidden by the towering wall of the gymnasium on one side and a neglected hedge which somehow was eternally forgotten by the school’s groundskeeper, on the other side. It made the perfect escape route for ditchers and shirkers. I’d heard about this hidden and forbidden passageway, but never dreamed I would be one to use it; I got the feeling Amber was very familiar with it. In silence, she led me to the baseball field and into the dugout, a ready-made trench for delinquents bored of any class that they might have at the moment. A couple, enmeshed in teenage passion had already staked out their territory there. “You two better get the hell out of here. I’ll tell Sanders you’re ditching and having sex if you don’t beat it.” Amber barked out with the authority of a Marine sergeant. Sanders was the freshmen vice principal. Amber recognized them as lowly freshmen who would not dare buck the pecking order of the high school social order. With no word of protest, they slithered away. “Now why? Why’d you ask me about my brother? And the tornado sirens?”
“I don’t want to say. It’d make me sound crazy.”
Amber looked at me; her golden-brown eyes were sharp, piercing. She tilted her head slightly, and said, “I had a dream last night. And you were in it. And … Did you have a dream last night?”
My turn now for the twisted expression of shock and fear. I nodded. “This is … I don’t know what’s going on. What was your dream? Tell me.” She told me. It was nearly scene by scene, word for word, the replicate of my dream. After I described my own version of this shared impossibility, we sat silent for several minutes; it felt like an hour. “We have to help your brother. It is a warning. It’s a plea, you know, that we help him, keep him from doing something … my God. Do you have guns at your house?” She nodded. “Someone, something wants me to help your brother. To help you help him. Save him, save others.”
“This can’t be real. This is stupid. No. It was just a dream and … just one of those things. It doesn’t mean anything. A … you know, coincidence. Yeah, that’s all it is.” 
“You think? Same dream. The same exact dream. Something’s going on here. It’s warning us. And you know it is. Why would your brother want to shoot up the school? Kill people? What’s wrong with him?”
Amber shook her head. Tears began to sneak out from the corner of her eyes. She wiped them with her sleeve. But more came. “Taylor’s different. He has autistic, on the spectrum, not severe like people think of, my brother's weird, awkward, nerdy, just … different. He doesn’t know how to relate to people. And he can’t help it. The idiots make fun of him. He doesn’t like people. Doesn’t know how to relate. That’s part of autism. This year, since he started high school, he’s gotten worse, hates everyone, it’s like anger is all he knows. He doesn’t understand kids; hell, who can? But for Taylor … he can’t handle things at all now. When he gets angry or frustrated, he just thinks about wanting to kill people. He always talks that way, since he was little. He doesn’t mean it. It’s his way to say he’s angry. He wouldn’t do it. He wouldn’t hurt anyone. Never.”
I was shocked what came out of my mouth. It sounded so utterly foolish, but it was like something supernatural compelled each word that spewed out. “But he will. Don’t you see? He will. He can and he will if we don’t stop him. Amber, we’re going to help him. Can he get to the guns? We have to keep him from getting hold of the guns.”
“You’re crazy. This is crazy.”
I ignored the obvious and expected declaration. Though there was a part of me that felt that might be true—thinking I knew the future and could change it, that is crazy.  Believing a dream can predict reality, yeah, that’s crazy. “Can he get to the guns? Can he?”
“They’re in a safe. We all know where the key is. But you’re wrong. He would never hurt anyone. He wouldn’t.” Tears still slipped down her soft full cheeks. “Just leave me alone. Just forget about all this. What happens in my family is none of your business. I’m going back.” She stood up, but she hesitated before she took a step forward. 
“Wait. You know your brother needs help. I believe, and it is crazy, but I really believe he needs my help. Just help me do that. I want to be his friend. That’s what he needs, a friend.” Strangely, an emboldened confidence had, at that moment, dismissed any rational thought that what I was saying was crazy, if not delusional. But I had some weird sense that this was a calling destiny had thrust upon me. Suddenly I had a plan. “I’m going to your house today. And we’re going to hang out with your brother. That’s what I have to do. What we have to do.”
Amber stood looking at the ground. Suddenly her head jolted up and she shot an irate scowl that definitely wanted to declare how stupid I was. Wiping the residue of tears aside, she shook her head and set her gaze on distant trees adorned in autumn’s subdued glory. Her words were curt and mean and very dismissive. “I don’t know you. And I don’t like your brother. So I don’t like you. And this is all crazy talk. We had strange dreams last night. Strange things happen. But it was just a dream. Leave it at that. And leave me alone.” 
I shook my head rather frantically. I really wanted to thrust both hands far into the sky.  I was not used to feeling frustration and desperation and fear all at the same time. She started to turn to go. I blurted out, “An Indian. Was there a crazy-looking Indian in your dream? Long hair? In a ponytail?”
She stopped and slowly turned around and slowly said, “Yeeeah.”
“Did he say anything to you? He said there was something important I had to remember, something I had to do. But I don’t remember what it was. I need to remember it. It’s really bugging me.”
She shook her head, pulled her left lip up and her right eye squinted tight. Her tone morphed from that ugly disgust to amazement. “The Indian? Yeah. My God. There was something weird. The guy said … um … yeah, like this is important, remember this. Something about reading the clouds and about finding a dream … a dream something. I don’t know what that meant. That’s when the siren went off. Was that in your dream? Something like that?”
“Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. God, that’s freaky.”
“He said something about a cloud? Or clouds? And dreaming, no … it was dream something.”
I reached out and held her forearm for just a second. In a near whisper, I said, “Yeah. That’s it, clouds, and dream something. Maybe dreamcatcher. The things Indians make … to put on the window, to catch the bad dreams. Maybe that’s it.”
“Maybe so. You’re right though. He said it was important.” She shook her head, her hands were starting to tremble. “This is weird. Too weird. God, I don’t know what to …” Her words trailed off, her whole body wobbled just a bit. We both sat back down and remained silent. Suddenly she slapped my knee hard. “Alex, I don’t want to go back to school. Let’s go do something. Let’s go hang out at the lake. Come on let’s go.”
It’s silly, but as we walked to my car, I fought against waves of shame and guilt that told me this was so wrong. I’d never ditched school before. Oh, I’d missed a few days now and then for the sake of it, but I always told my parents about that. You make all A’s and they don’t really care. But leaving in the middle of the day, that’s just wrong. Strange thing is, part of me felt excited, a slight adrenaline rush; breaking the rules, going off with a girl; a girl I had secretly liked, wanted to be with, to know, to date. And now, a wild, an impossible dream brought us together. It was exciting … and it was scary and confusing and surreal. 
That morning and afternoon was amazing. Amber talking about her brother and later talking about Adrian, telling me things I didn’t know, shouldn’t know; things I dare not tell my parents. Then she talked about her abusive father who disappeared when she was nine. About her feeling abandoned and betrayed, feeling useless and worthless when her father would call her names and belittle her. Often he would strike her for no real reason. Three times child protective services had been called by the school after seeing bruises. But nothing ever came of it; her dad would charm his way out of trouble, blaming Amber for being accident prone and that she bruised easily. Of course, he never would lay a hand on Taylor; he was special. Even then she understood why that was—all her dad’s frustration, disappointment, and anger in having a special child was heaped on her. It was her role in life to accept that abuse. 
 Then one day, he just opted out of both their lives altogether. Tired of them maybe, tired of life maybe, or just seeking happiness somewhere else. She never knew if he found whatever it was he was looking for. In a way, she was relieved when he left, but more than anything she felt abandoned, felt unloved, and felt unworthy. And after their father vanished Taylor started acting up all the more—more anger, more rage, more hate. That’s when Amber started to become Taylor’s caretaker; she now had to deny her own childhood. But too, that is when Taylor’s rage became directed mainly towards her. Her role in life became to accept that abuse.
I listened. Hidden inside her, soul-sucking hurt and shame had taken hold, slowly but steadily. Every night cruel nightmares declared how worthless she was. Adrian had never bothered to listen, to understand, to care. He just called her crazy. I so wanted to reach gently into her soul and grab that hurt and pain and squeeze it into nothingness, to take those nightmares and destroy them forever. If only to have the power to do that. A child should never have nightmares; a child should never have to live the nightmare. Maybe that’s what the Indian meant—find the dreamcatcher.   






CHAPTER NINETEEN

FRIDAY

Sometimes life slams on the breaks and everything gets tossed around wildly and senselessly, but in slow motion, making you feel things will never settle down again. The world as we know it morphs into something new—and new can be awfully scary. You know, we get jolted out of normality and it makes us question the assumed and well-embraced status quo. 
When you’re little, it’s the small but shattering things, like your parents changing their minds and not taking you to McDonald’s when they said they would, or not getting the present you wanted for Christmas. As you get older, life gets to the serious stuff, the unwanted events that happen become more threatening and more shattering; a friend moves away, a pet dies, a girl dumps you for your best friend, parents get divorced, a grandparent dies. Events that face you with the stark and ugly realization that life is indeed hard, scary, real, serious. You start to recognize that life is full of uncertainties that threaten the certainty a young child never had to question. That’s what growing up is about I guess—realizing that life is not just about playing, having no cares. But now, with one dream, everything, all at once, turned upside down and inside out. I was thrust into a state of utter chaos, bewilderment, and uncertainty. I didn’t like the brakes being slammed so hard that my sense of reality was thrust into this unpredictable disarray.
But then in this disarray, in this jungle of confused thoughts and emotions, a realization hit; I had it all wrong—wrong focus, wrong priorities, wrong direction. Like any teenager, my life revolved around the stifling world of self-absorption. I always thought that was Adrian’s problem and often accused him of being vain and shallow with his focus on short-lived relationships and always worrying about the next good time. All of a sudden, I could see how vain and phony my own life had become—obsessing over grades, my ridiculous determination to please everyone by being the good child; only because of a hidden and crippling fear I would somehow fail, let others down, disappoint whoever. I had created an upside down selfish self-existence, always living in fear that others would see through my pretense, my mask. I was simply pretending to be what I assumed others wanted me to be. How selfish, living in the desperate hope of being accepted and loved, and thereby failing to truly give to others, to really care about others—to love. 
A dream, an impossible dream. The brakes slammed on and the realization hit: Life is not about pleasing and pretending. It’s not about figuring out how to be accepted, loved. Life is about what goes on around me, not inside me. Life is about daring to understand others, daring to feel with them, daring to reach out. Life should be about worrying about others and not about me me me. It has to be about saving others and not saving myself. Here was my chance to truly live.
***
“So you’re the amazing Taylor. I’ve heard a lot about you.” Amber’s brother stood at the edge of the front porch looking down at me. His unkempt, nearly shoulder-length black hair, hung over the whole of his face. 
“Geez, Taylor quit hiding. Move your hair back,” Amber said and leapt up the four steps of the porch and pulled his hair back.
‘Who’s he? Why’s he here? Mom’s not home. I’m hungry Amber.” Taylor’s raspy and high pitched voice matched his rather diminutive frame, not quite frail but close. He crossed his arms and began shifting his weight from one leg to the other.
“He’s a friend of mine, Tee. He wanted to meet you.”
“What for? Is he your boyfriend? Another boyfriend? You have too many boyfriends.”
“He’s just a friend. From school.”
“You weren’t on the bus. Why weren’t you on the bus after school? I’m gonna tell mom you ditched again.”
Amber laughed and put her arms around him and rocked him back and forth. “No, you won’t. Alex brought me home. I didn’t ditch.” 
Taylor looked back at me and shook his head hard, covering his face again with his thick mane. “Well, he can go home now. I’m hungry. You’re supposed to fix me something to eat, Amber.”
Amber laughed again, a sweet, innocent squeaky sort, which so matched her cheeky yet innocent face. “No, I’m not. But I will if you sit here and talk to Alex.” She brushed his hair to the side again.
“No. I’m going to play Minecraft and you’re going to fix me something to eat. Chicken strips. Fix me five strips.”
“No. Talk to Alex or I’ll fix you a bowl of spaghetti and make you eat it.”
“Shut up! You’re mean. She’s mean. And that’s stupid. You can’t make me eat anything. I hate having a sister. They’re all mean. Do you have a sister?”
“No. I have a brother and he’s mean and rude and annoying.”
“See there Tee, he has a brother just like you. Mean, rude, and annoying.”
“I am not. Fix me five nuggets. And I’ll sit here. He can ask me questions. Five questions only. Right? Then I go play my Xbox.” Amber smiled, nodded and went through the front door. He sat down on the top step and glared down at me with an expression that seemed determined to remain expressionless.
“Mind if I sit down?” I said and motioned to the step below him. He shrugged his shoulders, which I assumed meant he wouldn’t attack me if I did. I perched sideways and rested my back on the cold iron rails of a slightly rusty bannister.
“Next question.” Taylor had a way of enunciating each syllable in a word with exaggerated care making every word seem the most important one he had ever uttered.
“Oh. I see. Hmm. Why just five questions?”
“My favorite number. Five. Five. It’s a safe number, makes me feel safe. I have five pictures in my room, five pieces of furniture in it, five changes of clothes, well, five for winter and five for summer. I have five pencils, five pens, five crayons on the desk in my room and never more than five books in my room at a time. I don’t like four and I don’t like six. Five. What’s your favorite number?” He asked still showing no sign of a discernable emotion.
“Gee. I don’t know. Don’t really have one.”
“Yes, you do. Everyone has a favorite number. What is it?”
“Okay. Uh, ten.”
“Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty. Ten is a good number. It’s easy to count by tens. And it’s a multiple of five. That’s good. Next question. Number three.”
“All right. Do you like school?”
“I hate school. Next question.”
“Wait. You have to tell me why you hate school.”
“You didn’t ask why. You asked if. Next question.” I laughed and a look of puzzlement flashed through his eyes. “Why you laughing?”
I laughed again. “Because I think you’re funny, in a good way. In a way that makes me like talking to you. So tell me why you hate school.”
“Okay, that’s question four. You’ll only have one more.”
“No, no. Hold on. That wasn’t a question.”
Taylor frowned at me and pressed his lips in. “You’re right. It wasn’t a question.”
“So tell me why.”
“Kids are mean. Make fun of me. Tell me I shouldn’t have been born. That my mom should have aborted me. That my sister is a bitch and whore and messes with every guy at school. They shove me into lockers. They push my books off my desk then kick them. They laugh at me then. They’re mean, I hate them. They shouldn’t be mean to me.”
“No, they shouldn’t. Kids can be really mean. But not all of them are mean. You just have to find the nice ones.”
“Are kids mean to you?”
I hesitated. I should have said it more quickly. “Yeah, some are. I just ignore it.”
“They’re not mean to you, are they? You’re not different. I’m different. It’s not good to be different.”
“It’s great to be different. You are who you are, be proud of it.” I know, that was easy for me to say and sounded very idiotic once it came out. “Okay, question four. What do you like about tornado sirens?”
His face lit up, showing an actual emotion, excitement. “They’re neat, fascinating. Each one is different. Different sound, tone. Each is its own entity, has its own identity.  Sirens get their tone, their timbre, from the shape of the sound wave it produces. It depends on frequencies and the shape of the casing. So each is different, it’s neat.  And there’s kind of a chopping action of the rotor inside it that gives it a cool triangular waveform, so each can make its own special harmonics. You see, the first few tones, harmonics, come out really strong then it evens out. Each siren is beautiful, is special. The old ones are best, the new ones … they’re okay. But the sounds they make, it’s exciting. People don’t get that. I’ve recorded thirty-five sirens in Tulsa County. I have another twenty-five to record in the counties around us. What’s not to like about sirens?”
“Sounds pretty cool. And I thought it was just an annoying racket when they test them on Saturdays.”
“I love Saturdays. It’s the day for the sirens. Right. Question five.”
I sighed and held my breath, deciding if I should ask the question or not. Whether he would be offended or freed by such a bold effort to probe. I blurted my fifth question out before I changed my mind. “What’s it like … to have Asperger’s?”
Taylor responded with no hesitation. “I’m different and I don’t understand people. I don’t like people and they don’t like me. People are strange. They laugh at things that aren’t funny. I don’t like that. I’d be glad if everyone in the world was gone. That’d be better. I don’t like people. They don’t make sense. I’d be fine if I was the only one in the world. People are awful.”
“They aren’t that bad. Not all of us. I’m not that bad, am I?”
“Well, you’re not that good. I’d rather be alone.”
“So what … no. Tell me other things about having Asperger’s.”
“I think you’re cheating. That’s question six. I said five. If I answer six, we’ll have to go to ten. I don’t like food. There are only five foods I like. Chicken nuggets. Cheese pizza. Tuna fish. Cheerios. Candy Corn. I like things to be in lines, straight lines. That’s safer. When I’m mad I like to rock. When I’m sad I like to rock. When I’m scared I like to rock. That feels good. Do you rock?”
“Not really.”
“Try it.”
“Okay. I will.” I started rocking in a gentle sway. “Not bad. I think I would like that. Taylor, do you hate people, some people, enough to want to kill them?”
“That’s number seven. Yes. I think about killing people all the time. They tell me I shouldn’t, but I do. My therapist always says that. You know, there’s lots of ways to kill people. I like drawing … ways to kill people. When people hurt me, I want to kill them. Don’t you? They should just die. They shouldn’t treat me like that. I like to draw how I would kill them. You think that’s weird, don’t you? They tell me I’m not supposed to do that, that I’m not supposed to think that way. I don’t care. Some people need to die. I bet you think that sometimes.”
“No. And that is wrong. You’d hurt their families, you’d be put in jail. And you know it’s wrong.”
“Yeah.” He shrugged, then sighed. “You sound like my counselor. I hate counselors. They’re stupid.”
“Sorry. But you can be angry without wanting to kill people. You shouldn’t think about killing people just ’cause you’re mad at them.”
Taylor looked at me with eyes nearly squinted shut, his head tilted slightly, then he shook his head hard covering his face once again with that black mop. “Why not? You don’t make sense. Why shouldn’t I hurt someone who hurts me? That makes sense.”
A futile discussion indeed. It was time to step back if I was to gain any morsel of trust and acceptance. “I see how it makes sense to you. But I really don’t believe you want to kill people. But I know you’re angry at them. And you know what? I’m angry at them too. I think it’s terrible the way some of those kids treat you, makes me want to beat them up. But I don’t want to kill them.” Taylor’s head turned and I had the feeling he was just staring into empty space; I knew I’d been tuned out. Thankfully, Amber came out with a plate of nuggets. I said, “Hey that looks good.”
Taylor sprung up and with ravenous paws grabbed the plate and stared lovingly at it. “I’m going upstairs. But you have three questions left. Quick, ask me?”
“Why do you like nuggets?”
“Stupid question. They taste good and have a nice texture. Food has to feel right. Next. Nine.”
“What’s your favorite video game?”
“Grand Theft Auto 3. But mom won’t let me play it. She’s mean. Next. Ten.”
“Taylor. Can I come? With you all tomorrow, to listen to a siren?”
“You can do what you want.” He turned and went through the front door.  
The door slammed shut. I felt honored. Taylor was willing to let me into his world; maybe he was willing to have a friend. 
***
“I got it.” Amber held up a lone key. “It’s to the gun safe. We can get rid of those things. Throw them in the river. Jake, my stepdad, will kill me. But so what.” My look must have been one of bewilderment. “What? What’s wrong with that?”
“You can’t just throw guns away. That’s crazy. Just … hide the key. So Taylor can’t find it.”
“Bury it. We’ll just bury it.”
“Just put it somewhere, where he won’t find it.” 
“You keep, then. Here.” 
I took the key and stuffed it in my pocket. Were we really preventing a tragedy, horror unspeakable? Or were we just caught up in a shared fantasy, a shared delusion? Part of me felt it was just that. Common sense had ruled my life; heck, it kept me out of trouble most of my life. Common sense makes life so much easier. I didn’t want to live without it. That makes me different, weird I guess. Teenagers aren’t supposed to have too much common sense, that’s our built-in excuse for doing the insane things that adults just don’t understand, even though they did the same things when they were young. Teenagers can’t help being teenagers, because the sensible thinking part of our brains hasn’t fully developed; at least that’s what my psychology teacher taught us. Imagine that, teenagers have a God-given excuse for the way they behave. Sorry, mom, it was my brain, it’s not developed you know, that’s why I took the car without asking and was out till two AM.  
Why was I so different? I don’t know. Maybe I was just like Taylor, different due to unknown and unfair reasons. Honestly, I often envied those like my brother, who live the carefree life, not worrying about consequences, about what others think. Sometimes I felt it was a curse to have such a ridiculously strong infusion of common sense. And now I was being forced to wage a war against this sacred reasonableness that guided my safe, but boring existence. All because of my dream—our dream. Our dream. I went to bed that night and just stared at the ceiling, hoping there would not be another dream and desperately trying to remember the dream I had, we had. Trying to make sense of what could never make sense, I tried to bring last night’s dream back, feeling I might have missed something, something that would help me piece all this together. That Indian had said something about the clouds, about dreams or dream catchers. He said it was important. What was it? Why was this part missing? I drifted to sleep with unanswerable questions hovering over me and unsettling emotions still churning inside me.   





CHAPTER TWENTY

SATURDAY


It was eleven AM. I was still trying to shake off the remnants of inertia after a nearly sleepless night. I sat on the porch waiting for Amber and Taylor to emerge from their home. “He came. He really came.” Taylor said void of emotion. Taylor held an old, I thought extinct, cassette recorder in one hand. In the other hand, he carefully and proudly held an oversized microphone. A camera case hung around his left shoulder. He looked like an old-fashioned reporter portrayed in those old black and white movies my grandparents still thought were so good. He hopped down the four steps from the porch, turned my way and waved his microphone and with an ear-to-ear grin shouted, “Let’s go dumbass. Let’s go!” So he could show emotions at times. He ran to my car and jumped into the front seat and slammed the door shut. 
Amber opened the door grabbed his arm and yanked hard. “Backseat, Tee. The back seat now or we won’t go.” 
“I hate you. You’re a dumbass. I hate you.” With several more choice words, he took his place in the back seat. 
I did not realize we had a forty minute drive to a town due north of Tulsa. Taylor played through most of his thirty-five recordings of tornado sirens from across Tulsa County. He prattled nonstop about variations in tone and wavelengths, decibels, resonating harmonics. All a foreign language to me. He informed me of the year each tower was erected and when it was last updated. He’d given each siren a name and he insisted I repeat each name as its two minute warning ended on the tape. The more sirens I heard, the more I began to understand Taylor’s fascination and obsession with what millions take for granted until monster storms begin to gather. There was a certain haunting beauty to the desperate and ominous warning each declared as it was dutifully tested every Saturday morning of every year since I was born. 
“Alex has had enough, Taylor. Turn it off already.” Amber looked back and reached for his cassette player; he jerked it away and held it close to his heart. “Let’s just be quiet for a while. Okay.”
“Shut up,” He pouted.
“It’s all right. It’s … it’s cool. I like hearing them.” I wasn’t lying. This little adventure was becoming interesting. I was looking forward to hearing one of these resonating lifesavers in the flesh, or metal as it were. 
Amber looked back again at Taylor. “Well, I’m tired of it. Give it a break.” She looked back at me and said, “It’s an Asperger’s thing, fascination with weird stuff that no one else cares about. It’s like their minds latch onto something and it becomes their world. He can tell you everything about the civil war, things we don’t have any reason to know.” She looked back at her brother again. “Tee? How many died at Gettysburg?”
“7550. 4400 Confederate. 3150 Union. 10515 were missing. Nine generals were killed. There were 120 generals there. Over 3000 horses were killed. The battle …”
“Okay. Shut up. That’s enough. See. It’s amazing really. Tee, you’re amazing.”
“I know and you’re a stupid dumbass. People should know things like that. Dumdass.” 
“Thanks, I appreciate that compliment.” Amber said and laughed.
“That wasn’t funny. You’re not supposed to tell me to shut up.”
“Mom’s not here and I will tell you to shut up when you need to shut up.”
“You need to shut your effing face-up.” Taylor punched the seat causing Amber to squeal.
“Don’t do that! You little fart. Stop it now.” He did it again. “Do it again Taylor and we’ll turn around and go back home.”
“I hate you. You’re a horrible person and worse sister. You should just die.”
“Yeah, I know and you can die with me. He’s hardheaded. Drives me nuts.”
“My head’s hard, just like yours because we all have skulls to protect our brains.”
We laughed. Taylor’s tone showed no hint of sarcasm. He was stating an obvious fact, which he seemed to assume we had no knowledge of. “Don’t laugh. Why do people laugh when nothing’s funny? There it is. There it is. There it is.” Taylor rolled down the window, leaned his head out and pointed to the tower about half a mile down the state highway. “Hurry up. It’s nearly 12.”
***
At precisely 12:00 PM it began and Taylor beamed. Any other day or time the whirling cacophony of sirens from across the county would be an eerie and forbidding declaration that the forces of nature were gathering, preparing to unleash indiscriminate rage and fury. The sound of the tornado siren in this part of the world was a call to seek cover, save yourself, protect yourself and your family. The sound of these pulsating horns of possible tragedy was never welcomed but always heeded. But Saturday noon was their test, our assurance the warning would come when needed. Growing up, the sound of the sirens simply declared it was lunchtime on Saturday. For Taylor, it was the highlight of his week, his life. It was his magnificent obsession that gave him reason to be. 
“Cool! It’s so cool!” Taylor screamed in ecstasy as the siren hit its full decibel level. One arm spun around in a blur while his other arm remained still, filming the climax of his week; a video that would quickly be posted on the Internet for the world to see and he had no doubt whatsoever that millions would share in his joy and in his self-proclaimed scientific contribution. And I must admit it was pretty cool. 
As I watched him waving his arm frenetically, at the same time trying to keep himself from jumping up and down, lest his video be spoiled, I remembered the dream from the other night, the dream that had changed my life. The dream becoming reality. Living out the dream the mysterious Indian kid seemed to direct, to create, dictate—though it still made no sense. But here I was, fulfilling the call, heeding the warning, whatever it was. Was I really saving others? Changing what could be? I looked at Amber, her hands cupped around her ears; she smiled. I knew she was thinking, feeling the exact same thing as I was. I wanted to take her hand; heck, I wanted to hold her. That seemed the right thing to do; celebrate this call we’d received, this union we’d been thrust into. I motioned my head towards Taylor, she smiled and I did it. I took her hand, not sure if she’d jerk it away and shoot a mean mug my way. She squeezed my hand with a gentle grasp. Stupid, I know, but the feel of her warm and soft flesh on mine seemed to ignite every cell in my body, and my sullen soul and tired spirit reignited. I didn’t want to let go. 
Then the siren faded out. Taylor’s face returned to its normal of nothingness; the reality of the pain that wrapped his soul returned, his fleeting joy cruelly extinguished. He let out a heavy sigh and stuffed his camera back in its case and slung it on his shoulder. “Home. I want to go home.”
As Taylor walked toward my car, I said, “Dude! That was amazing! Thanks for letting me come.” My enthusiasm was sincere. “I want to come next week.”
Taylor looked at me, his face contorted. I couldn’t read what emotion or emotions were trying to get out. It was almost a look of bewilderment. He shrugged one shoulder and said, “Whatever, dude.” He looked up and pointed to an enormous though friendly pure white cumulus cloud drifting above. He grabbed Amber’s head and pointed it straight up. “Look it. Nice cloud. Real nice.” He looked at me. “You know I send my videos to the clouds. But that doesn’t make any sense, does it? Clouds disappear, they’re just water vapor. So how can anything be in a cloud? So how is anything sent to a cloud? That’s just stupid. Why do they call it the Cloud? It can’t be a cloud. That makes no sense.”  
Amber laughed. I shook my head. “He can’t understand, about the Cloud, the iCloud. It’s an Asperger’s thing. Everything is concrete to them. They don’t understand symbols, metaphors.” She turned to Taylor and said, “I’ve told you, Taylor, the iCloud is not a real cloud. It’s just … I don’t know what it is. But it’s not a cloud in the sky.”
“Why do they call it that, then? Things can’t go to a cloud, so where do my videos go? No one can tell me that, can they?”
She answered. “No. Just know that your videos will be safe, stored in some super-duper computer in Switzerland, or China, or Australia … somewhere, so they’ll never be lost. I don’t know where, but someone decided to call it the Cloud.”
“That’s stupid. A cloud is a cloud. It can’t hold information.”
“Yeah, you’re right. It is stupid to call it the cloud.” I tried not to laugh but still did. 
“I hate you. I hate you both. People always laugh. That’s mean. Stop it.” There was a flash of rage in his eyes; they looked ready to spew venom. 
“Lighten up, Tee. It’s no big deal and quit saying you hate people. You don’t hate us.”
“Right now I hate you. I can’t help it. But I hate you. Quit laughing.”
“Oh just shut up. Let’s go grab some lunch and get home.”
***
That night, sleep was not far off when it struck, like a wasp’s sting causing your whole body to jerk hard before you knew what happened. I sprung up. “The Cloud, ICloud. That’s what it is.” I leapt out of bed and woke up my laptop and got into my One Drive, not sure what I was looking for. Something about dreams, dreamcatchers. Then I saw a file I’d never seen, never created, and would never have saved it to the Cloud. But there it was, Dreamweaver.





CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

SUNDAY


Found it in THE CLOUD got to talk you won’t believe it coming to see you now. It was six AM when I sent the text to Amber. A quick reply read, Good god not now later. You crazy!?
Yeah, am crazy now for sure. This can’t wait. On my way. 
As I pulled my jeans on the text came. You’re just desperate to see me. Punctuated by a smiley face.
Was this the beginning of my much dreamed of and at the same time much feared phase of flirtations meant to tease and entice and lead to the something I had thought impossible? I replied, more than you know, followed by too many exclamation marks.
***
I watched Amber’s ebb and flow of wild contortions as she read my … whatever it was. Bewilderment, astonishment, disbelief, amazement, fear, confusion, all coming and going like waves on a very stormy shoreline.  After she finished reading the alleged account a second time, she punched my shoulder hard enough to leave a mark that refused to fade for days—I wore it proudly. “What the hell is this? You telling me you wrote this? And you didn’t know you wrote it? This is … this is crap. You met me before? I committed suicide? We met this Indian? Your brother died and then didn’t die? This is beyond it. Too crazy to be fantasy. Just get the hell away from me. What are you playing at? When did you write this? You stay up all night doing this … fantasy? What are you playing at?” 
“I’m not. Not playing at anything. Tell me how I could write anything like that? Don’t you see it explains everything? The Indian in our dreams, Sky, he wanted us to find this and read it.”
Amber took in a quick breath and exhaled. “Shit. You stayed up all night writing this trying to impress me or something. It just makes me think you are crazy, a crappy writer and crazy. Crazy! But maybe you’re not crazy and just trying to … to manipulate me. That’d even be worse than you being crazy. Just leave me alone.”
“You know I’m not crazy. And you can’t believe I’m just trying to use you. Hell, I don’t even know what to think about this … what I found. I can’t believe it either. But I can only believe it.  Think about it. You know that’s what your dream, our dream told us, he wants us to find him. And he’ll be at that hospital. St. Anthony’s. Yeah. We can prove this is real. We’re gonna go and see him. If an Indian named Sky is there, then it’s all real.” 
Before Amber could protest, I got my phone out and found the number to the hospital and called. “Wow.  Wow. Okay, visitation’s at 11 AM on Sundays. So we have time to get there. And … and get this, if you don’t believe me this will prove it. We’re both on that kid’s visitation list. He put us on his visitation list. Come on, get ready.”
“No. No. This isn’t happening. It’s all too much. Leave me out of this, whatever it is.”
“Amber, we’re in this together. You know we are. We’re part of something incredible, amazing, world-changing.”
“It can’t be real. And if it’s real, well, it’s scary, Alex. It’s … if it’s true, it’s just scary.” 
“It is scary. And it may be dangerous. But this Sky saved people. He … he saved my brother. And saved you. And now … we have to save even more people. The dream, it makes sense now. We have to stop your brother. Sky can help us. Let’s go. You coming or not?” 
***
“It worked. Yesss! I did it! I did it! Wow. Your brother’s alive? Right?” I nodded feeling like this had to be a dream I would soon wake up from and laugh about how weird and crazy a dream it was. “Did you get rid of the guns? The shooting happens this Friday. We have to be careful this week. But Amber, your brother … I don’t know what happens, but something triggers him this week.” Sky’s words shot out like a Roman candle spewing out its glorious flares as quick as possible. His shoulder length hair, matted, looked like an old lion’s mane wrapped around him. His clothes were loose and tatty. Amber and I stood with mouths gaping. This was the mysterious Indian of our dreams. He jabbered on like he knew us. Then again he did know us. 
“So, all this is real?” Amber’s whisper was more a skeptical question than a proclamation.
“Geez, what’s it take to convince you? You read the file? Alex’s Dreamweaver file? Of course or you wouldn’t be here,” Sky let out a laugh and smiled, a big endearing grin I had written about. Amber nodded. “So you do believe it, or you wouldn’t be here.”
“I can’t believe it and I could give you a million reasons why it’s hard … impossible to believe.” Amber’s eyes closed as her head shook slowly. 
“You could and it would still be true, would still be a reality you never knew existed. Pretty cool, eh?” He leaned forward and whispered to both of us. “But listen. You can’t tell anybody about this. About Dreamweaving. You haven’t told anyone, have you? You can’t even tell your brother. No one can know. No one. Breaks the rules, see? I shouldn’t even have told you about that file in your dreams. Hell, I should have made you get rid of it when you were back in the hospital. In fact, get rid of it now. Delete it. Soon as you can. It can cause trouble.” He leaned back and clasped his hands behind his head. “No. Wait. I need to read it. Got to read it. See what happened, see what mistakes I made. Is it on your phone? Let me read it?”
Sky read my accounts and the accounts he himself had related to me. As he read, his eyes inflated, nearly bulging clear out of his eye sockets. His mouth contorted back and forth from wide open with amazement, to the corners of his mouth being stretched by unbridled joy. Then his eyebrows would lift high into his forward as surprise took over for a moment. But it was fear that shone through his dark brown, oversized eyes when he read about how the original reset had resulted in far more tragedy. When he finished, he handed me my phone. He stood mute for a prolonged and uncomfortable moment. He then blurted out, “Delete it! Must be deleted. You understand?” 
I nodded. “Sure. I will.” I wouldn’t dare. 
Then he slapped my left arm and with a sly smirk that morphed into a goofy wild-eyed smile, he said, “Hell. It worked. I did it. I can’t believe I did it. Shit fire, I did it. How about that? I changed things. And we have to keep it changed. There’s still stuff to do. We have to make sure nothing happens … this Friday. Did you? Get rid of the guns?”
“Not exactly,” Amber said. Her tone was one of slight frustration. “Alex has the key to the gun safe. My brother can’t get into it and can’t get any of the guns. Not even my stepdad can get in, which might just cause another murder if he decides to go to the gun range”
Sky sighed and shook his head hard tossing his hair back and forth. “I don’t know. Not good enough, should get rid of them.” 
“It’s not that easy to make guns disappear, you know?” Amber said with a slightly testy lilt in her voice.
“There can’t be any more mistakes. Can’t be any ripple. Just keep your brother home from school this week. You should do that. Keep him home.”
“I can take care of my brother. He’s not a killer.” Amber’s words came out even more sharply.
“Stupid. Stupid. Are you stupid? He is. He will. He has. You get it? He has and he will. Just like he did and you will commit suicide if we don’t stop him this time. This is our third chance at this, we can’t blow it.” He shook his head hard again causing his hair to explode. “You got a tie, or rubber band or something? For my hair?” Amber pulled a hair tie from her back pocket and gave it to Sky. He pulled his hair back into a tight ponytail.
“You can trust us. Okay? We’ll take care of things. It’s all in hand.\,” I said. Sky suddenly looked a bit more civilized with his hair in a ponytail. 
“Yeah. Whatever. Listen, I’m get’n out of here soon. And I’ll see you then.”
“You going AWOL? Like you did before?”
“Shhht. Quiet. They’ll hear your loud mouth. And yeah, I will. Got my plan to get out of here, it ain’t hard. And I’m gonna come live with you, you know, like I did before. Except this time, you can get your parents used to the idea before I show up. You can do that, right?”
“Shit.” I said too loudly, causing heads in the day area of the adolescent psych ward to turn our way. I whispered with an emphatic cadence, “You can’t do that.”
“Sure I can, Alex. Sure I can. Where else am I gonna go?”
Having read my accounts of previous realities, this felt very much like Déjà vu. All this was very surreal and bizarre. I groaned, “Yeah. Where else are you going to go? I don’t know.  Just … find somewhere else.” Sky glared at me with a look that’s hard to describe—eyes squinting, lips pressed in tight and head slightly tilting. “Whatever,” I finally said. It was as if I had jumped on a roller coaster that was relentlessly being pulled up a 90-degree incline, feeling desperate to get off before it crested its peak and plunged a million miles a second down the other side. I shrugged my shoulders and said it again, “Whatever.” This time the word came out in a whisper of resignation. “Well. We’d better get going.”
“Yeah, nearly lunch time for us crazies. Hey. Need your address. Give me your address.” Against any sane and reasonable judgment, I gave the wild Indian my address. Somewhere deep in my gut, this did feel like fate, or destiny or something that I had no right to keep fighting. 
As I walked with Amber down the corridor to the locked doors of the adolescent unit, she whispered, “I don’t like him.”
I laughed and said, “You said that before. Didn’t you? In a former reality.”
She smiled, then frowned. “This is all a bit … crazy and scary. Isn’t it?”
I shook my head. “Not at all. Just another normal day on planet earth.” A nurse unlocked the forbidding, windowless door and let us escape from the crazy ward. As I walked into the lobby, the thought came, I actually ended up in this place. That is damn scary. I stared at the elevator trying to shake that thought away.    





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

“Chicken strips. I’ll have chicken strips. That’s all. And a root beer. No ice. No ice,” Taylor said with a slicing motion of his left hand, emphasizing his no ice demand. I’d taken Taylor out for a Sunday night treat. We were in a corner booth of near empty Uncle Charlie’s. “Why do they call it root beer? It’s not real beer. And it’s not really made of roots, that’d be gross. They should name it something else. And why do they call Dr Pepper, Dr Pepper? A drink can’t be a doctor. And pepper’s that black stuff you put on food. You don’t want that in a drink. Yuck. It doesn’t make sense, does it? Dr Pepper. Stupid, isn’t it?”
I tried not to laugh, but couldn’t help it. “Never thought about it. I don’t know why they call things what they do sometimes. Not something I think about.”
“You don’t? Mom says I need to stop asking silly questions. Like I asked her, why doesn’t the Moon have a name? Saturn’s moons have nice names, Titan, Europa and things like that. Jupiter’s moons have names. And our moon is just … the Moon. I think we should name it, don’t you? I’m going to put that on the Internet, yeah, a … a campaign to name our moon, get people to send names in and then vote on a name. Amber said that’s a stupid idea and to shut up about it and mom says not to worry about stuff like that. People don’t make sense. Too many things just don’t make sense.”
“Lots of things in the world don’t make sense. We just live with it.”
“Well, things should make sense, otherwise it’s all confusing and I don’t like confusing. It makes my head hurt. I hate confusing.”
“People are confusing, sometimes. You find that?”
“Shitface yeah. People are confusing. That’s why I don’t like people. That’s why I hate some of them. People act like my friend. Then they make fun of me. They get me to talk about things I like and then laugh at me. That’s not nice, is it? Mom says I shouldn’t hate people. But that’s stupid, isn’t it? I can hate people if I want. If they deserve it, I’ll hate them. I think …” 
The rapid-fire cadence of his sentences was suddenly becoming rather exhausting. I held my hand up. “Wait. Geez. Slow down. You know, you do ask lots of questions and then don’t let me answer. But I think your mom’s right. It’s not good to hate people. You can be mad and frustrated and even get hurt by someone, but you don’t need to hate them. I think when you say you hate someone, you’re just saying you’re mad because you’ve been hurt by them.”
Taylor scrunched his face, then shook his head. He sort of laughed, maybe more of lighthearted grunt. “You’re funny. I only hate people because they … earned it. Yeah, they earn it. I bet you hate lots of people.”
“No. I don’t, Taylor. I really don’t.” As I said that I remembered what I’d written, in the reality where my brother had been murdered, I hated then. I hated the person that did it; shot my brother for no good reason, took his life and ruined my life, destroyed my family. Obliterated my future. I hated that person with an unbearable passion, an impassioned rage that nearly killed me. Now I was sitting across from that person, that child, who had had enough and the years of hurt and pain and misunderstanding erupted, spewed out on the innocent. In that previous reality I thought, no, I knew that that murderer deserved uncontrolled hatred and deserved unrelenting revenge. He deserved to die. But now I was living in a new reality. “But I guess I do understand. When you feel so hurt, I know sometimes it’s hard not to hate. But that hate hurts us more than it hurts them.”
He shook his head. “No, it doesn’t. Not if we hurt them. Not if we find ways to really hurt them. Because they deserve it. It would feel good to hurt them.”
I was not going to alter this worldview. I was not going to change the way his brain ticked. But I needed to challenge the way he saw things, saw people, saw the world around him. I didn’t know how. I didn’t really understand the world he lived in, and it so obvious that he did not understand the world I inhabited. “Taylor, you think about killing people don’t you?”
“Yeah.” 
That response came with no emotion. No recognition that to have such thoughts was wrong and abnormal. There was no inkling of an understanding of the dire consequences of letting those thoughts become action. To Taylor, the thought, that would in a few days become a burning desire, was rational. The connection of normal everyday common-place anger with the ultimate punishment of death to him was logical. In his world there was no in-between. “Listen Taylor. It is wrong to kill people. Or even hurt them because they made you mad. It’s even wrong to think about killing someone—whatever they’ve done to you. It is just wrong. We have to let go of things like that. Ignore it sometimes. Sometimes we just need to forgive and move on. Don’t be thinking about killing people just because they make you mad, okay?”
“Okay.” He said in a dead monotone. No doubt a declaration he had had enough of me talking about things that made no sense to him. The waitress then set down a basket of chicken strips in front of Taylor. He immediately took one of the strips out of his basket and placed it next to my hamburger. “Only five. I don’t like six. You eat it.” As he reached for the first of his five chicken strips he said, with more animation than usual, “Now, be quiet. Don’t talk. Food’s here.” Amber had warned that this was one of Taylor’s obsessions, no talking while he eats. No words allowed during his mealtimes; that would ignite a rage which could last for hours. We both busied ourselves with our respective snacks in a sacred silence. I tried to imagine what could possibly happen in the next few days that would push such a wonderful, fascinating and complicated kid over the edge; to act out his hatred and his rage against the world. No. Act out his hurt, his pain. What about this week would cause him to so want revenge that he would lash out at a world that could not understand him? What could have hurt him so much? The act destined to take place on the coming Friday was not being planned, not being thought out for months or even weeks. It was spontaneous. For some reason, the next few days would fuel that deep and hidden suffering that he had no words to express. It was hurt and pain that he labeled as hatred, and would climax in an explosion of revenge that would terrorize a whole community and shock the country. 
As I sat watching Taylor devour his chicken strips with quiet satisfaction, I tried to imagine answers to these questions swirling in my head. One thing I was sure of, my call, my destiny had become to change his destiny and the destiny of the innocent. My incredible and impossible commission was to save Taylor and in so doing to save countless others—save the innocent children, save a dozen families, save a whole community from senseless and unbearable sorrow.
Taylor finished eating. “I can talk now. Let’s go. I’m ready. To go home. You can see Amber. You love her. Don’t you? She your girlfriend? She’s had lots of boyfriends. They’re all yuck. She always fights a lot with them. Then she cries a lot. You probably don’t want to be her boyfriend. You love her though. Don’t you? Maybe you’d be okay as her boyfriend. I don’t know.”
“Slow down. I don’t love your sister and she isn’t my girlfriend. I hardly know her. I just met her. We’re friends. Okay? Just friends.”
“Shoot. No, you’re not.”
“Yes, we are. Just friends.”
“Hmm, I don’t think so. I want a girlfriend. I like Rosie. She’s nice to me. She’s in my English and Social Studies classes. I’ll ask her. To be my girlfriend. She likes me.”
“I don’t know, Taylor. You have to be careful when it comes to girls. They’re … unpredictable. You can get hurt.”
“Yeah. Anyway. Rosie. She’s nice to me. She likes me. She wouldn’t hurt me. She’s nice, not like the others. Girls hurt you?”
Now, truth is, and I hate to admit this, but I’d never really had a girlfriend. I hardly had any dates to speak of. So I’d never been hurt by a girl. Never been given the chance… or rather, never given myself the chance to be hurt by one of those ill-fated relationships that seem to be the norm in high school. And yeah, I wanted a girlfriend. I got sick of watching my brother slide in and out of relationships, bragging about things I don’t want to write about. Jealousy toward my brother was something I worked hard to stuff down, deny that ugly emotion any life. I guess I spent a lot of hidden effort denying my jealousy and ignoring my own loneliness. But all of a sudden I could see something Taylor and I held in common; that loneliness, that hidden yearning to be loved and accepted, to be in a relationship. And funny thing is, I could be honest with Taylor, be open with him. I didn’t have to hide or pretend with him. “No. Never been hurt really. Only because I never had a girlfriend. I’m not very good … with … with relationships, with girls.”
Taylor let out a rare chuckle. Not a mean laugh, but a response that said he felt a connection with me, perhaps a faint connection, but it was there. Now we shared a common flaw, a shared hurt and hidden desire. “Well. Then you should get Amber to be your girlfriend. She wouldn’t mind. She probably likes you enough. I’ll tell her you love her.”
“No, you won’t.” I laughed. “I do not need or want a girlfriend right now. Don’t tell her anything. Okay?” 
Taylor shrugged his shoulders then shook his head. He then kind of muttered an okay. I wasn’t sure if that meant he agreed not to tell her or simply meant that he had already dismissed my earnest request as something he need not take seriously. It was hard for Taylor to pick up on simple social cues, like when you’re making a joke, or being sarcastic. And it was just as hard for him to detect how serious another person may be about an emotionally charged and personal conviction. I knew there was no point underlining how strongly I did not want him to tell his sister such a thing and decided to express my concern about his likely misreading Rosie’s friendliness. “I’m not sure about this Rosie. That you should be asking her to be your girlfriend. You just talk to her, get to know her. Sounds like she’s kind’a being friendly, you know. And you can’t just ask some girl to be your girlfriend. This isn’t grade school anymore.”
Taylor shot a weird beady-eyed look, which quite honestly I found just a bit unnerving. He drew in a quick breath, then blurted out, “I know that.”
“Yeah, I know you do. Just get to know this Rosie and see what happens. That’s the way it works.”
“How would you know? You never had one before.”
“Oh. Don’t be mean.”
“Whatever. I’m gonna ask her to be my girlfriend and she’ll say yes. She’s nice to me and she likes me. She talks to me, tells kids to leave me alone. I know what to do.”
“I don’t know, Taylor. I think …” My cell vibrated with an incoming text from Adrian. Get your d butt home some crazy guy with a ponytail showed up saying u told him to come over talking about staying here!!! You crazy r what get home    






CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

MONDAY

Life should be simple, predictable, easy. Isn’t that what we all want? Oh, we want a bit of excitement, we human beings. But we want the excitement on our terms. Isn’t that why we created amusement parks, bungee jumping, zip lines, haunted houses, and scary movies? What we want is a carefully manmade, skillfully crafted adrenaline rush. We want innocuous and banal false realities spun by creative minds that know how to tease, manipulate, and in the end, entertain. We don’t want what’s real, life changing, life threatening. And if we’re honest, we really don’t want what’s meaningful. We want simple, predictable, safe. We want happiness and excitement created and protected by the wonderful bubble modern civilization and an advanced society tries to envelop us in. But outside that bubble is a world unpredictable, unknown, and sometimes terrifying. Maybe that world will be a million times more satisfying and rewarding than living in the bubble, but who wants to take that chance? I always and forever only wanted safe and predictable and boring. Give me a safe bubble to protect me. But in the end, I guess that is impossible, a fantasy in itself.
Sky sat on the front porch of my house, rocking slowly and methodically in an old and creaky wooden rocking chair. “Where you been? I’ve been waiting, damn it. They don’t believe me. You were supposed to tell them I was coming. I’m your old friend, remember?”
“You … shit. You weren’t supposed to be out … be here so soon. Geez.” My brother and both parents were staring out the large picture window from the living room. Mom had her phone in hand and the look on her face and movement of her hands indicated she was debating with my dad if she should go ahead and call the police and report the rather ominous looking trespasser. “Sit here. I got to go talk to my parents.” The creaking of the rocking chair sped up as I went through the front door.
I’m not one to lie. I took a few deep breaths and tried to formulate a believable fib that would ease their apprehension and give credence as to why a stranger I had barely met, and had met a few times in realities that did not now exist, should stay with us. 
“So? Do you know this young man?” My dad asked with his quiet tone that somehow could sound so demanding. It was the tone he would use to confront us when house rules had been breached or expected chores ignored. He shrugged one shoulder, which was his instinctual declaration of growing irritation. 
“Yeah. He’s … Sky,” I took a quick breath. “He’s from school. He’s in my first hour.”
Adrian leaned closer to the window. “Never seen him before. He don’t look like a senior.”
“Well, he is. Kids pick on him. I’ve … well, been friendly with him. I felt bad for him. You know how mean kids can be. He’s a nice guy.” I hoped there was some truth in that statement. The conversation I’d had the day before with him didn’t really give evidence of a kind of I’ll be a good friend sort of guy. And from what I read about my previous encounters with him, I did know he was easily provoked and rather unpredictable. “He’s a good guy.” I said with a little too much hesitation. I determined to sound more self-assured. “Yeah, he’s fine. He’s a bit shy. His parents had to leave for a bit. There was …” Too much hesitation again. “A death in the family. An uncle. They had to go to Arizona … I think. I did say he could stay here if he needed to. I just … uh … didn’t know it’d be so soon. I meant to tell you. Ask you. Sorry.” 
I drew in a nice, warm, deep breath and let it out slowly. Waiting for one of two possible responses—sympathy, with a I guess that will be okay response, or indignation, with a that is entirely out of the question response.  I thought that went well for someone unaccustomed to spinning stories and hoped it would elicit the first option. I looked at dad, then mom, trying to use pleading eyes that worked so well up to about age six. 
My father shook his head. Mom shrugged her shoulders ever so slightly. “I guess we can help them out. But his parents should have called us.”
“Well, I know. But they left in a real rush. It was an emergency, mom.”
“A few days only.” My dad declared. “And I need his parents’ cell phone numbers. In fact, tell Sky to have them call us.”
“No problem.” Now that was the biggest fat lie I had ever uttered. Adrian gave me a look that communicated his thoughts clearly—What the hell are you up to? I tried not to, but my shoulders bounced up and my head shook slightly. My parents didn’t catch the furtive communication between us. 
***
With carefully crafted calm I closed the door to my bedroom, and then I looked at Sky, then Adrian, then back at Sky. “What the hell are you doing here?” I asked the mysterious Indian. 
Adrian laughed and said, “Shoot. What the hell are you doing, Al-butt? And who the hell is this?”
“I’m Sky. His friend. And don’t be a creep. You don’t know how much …”
“How much he appreciates us helping him out.”
Sky laughed then said, “Hey. I’m helping you out. Both of you. But all you need to know is … I’m a friend of Alex and Amber. Amber your ex.”
“Is that right? Well good for you.” Adrian turned to me. “Who is this? What are you up to? And don’t lie to me.” 
“I’m not lying, Adrian. All right? Geez. Just get out and leave us alone. He’s a friend. He won’t be here long. Just get out.”
“Whatever. Whatever Al-butt.” Adrian rolling his eyes in an exaggerated manner that made him look rather juvenile and failed to communicate the disgust that was intended. “I’m not sure I like your brother,” Sky said and went and stood at the window and stared out into the darkness. Evidently his preferred escape according to my previous accounts.
“He’s fine. Listen. This isn’t easy. All this … craziness, your Dreamweaving, whatever it is. I still don’t know what to believe.”
“We’ll do it and do it right this time. We can’t make any more mistakes. We can’t cause any more ripples.” 
“But why? Why are you here now?” I had a terrible urge to go over, grab his shoulders and shake the crap out of him just to release some of the jumbled mess of emotions from my own gut. I sat on the bed and waited for a response. When Sky turned around, his eyes were wide with determination.
“I have to make sure that things go right this time.  So I went AWOL, that’s nothing new. Just sooner than I thought. No big deal. Time is short, eh?” He turned back toward the window and started making translucent circles with his finger on the windowpane. “You know. I learned my lesson. I’ll never dreamweave again, after this. It’s just not something for this … this time, this world. That’s what my grandfather tried to teach me. It was for the tribe, our clan, for the survival of the tribe. To help the tribe. It was never meant for anything else. It was a gift for us, not you all. I messed it up by trying to … I just messed things up.”
“By trying to help me, us? To save people?”
Sky turned abruptly toward me, his words shot out. “Yes, by trying to help you. Save your brother, save you, save Amber. It was none of my business. Now I’m trying to stop the ripple, the ripple started by saving your brother. Stop the frick’n ripple.” Sky turned back and stared out the window and when he spoke again his tone had morphed into something more like a child wondering about perplexing problems that puzzle and confound still innocent minds.  “What about Taylor? How we going to stop him? This week, something happens, something triggers him. What about him?”
“It’s fine. I’m talking to him. I’ll watch him, be with him all week. Whatever it is, we’ll catch it and change it. Help him through it.”
He sighed, and said in a strangely serene tone, “Good. Yeah. Get through this week, then it’s done. After Friday, it will be finished.”
It would be done, finished, the past rewritten, reset. A reality meant to be would be altered—for the good. Lives saved; lives that would never know what had been prevented, been rewritten. What a strange thought. Sky would be a hero and no one would ever know … only me and Amber. That didn’t seem right.
“Did you do it? Delete the file? Your journal?”
“Yeah. It’s done. It’s gone.” I lied, again.  





CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

TUESDAY

“What are you doing here?” Taylor stood at his front door, his black hair shrouding his face. 
“Came to see how you’re doing. So, how was school today?” I said with what I hoped was a warm and inviting smile. He shrugged his shoulders. I would check on Taylor every day this week, trying to discover the trigger, what had happened that finally pushed him over the precipice—his rejecting sanity and fulfilling his need to give the world what it deserved. “School okay today?” 
His face hidden behind its black shroud, I couldn’t detect any nonverbal clues. His response, as usual, was numb. “School’s school. I hate it. Don’t you hate it? You can go home now.”
“I thought we could play Minecraft for a while.” 
“Why? I like to play alone. It’s my game, not yours. It’s for me.”
“Oh. I thought …”
“I know. You can go home. I’m busy.”
“I just want to hang out. Be your friend.”
“Oh. Really. I don’t think I like friends. People act like a friend, then they hurt me. Make fun of me.” 
“I won’t be like that. Really.” I wanted to tell him to pull his hair back from his face like his sister had, but I knew I had not earned the right to be so direct. I decided to try a different tack. “Hey, it’d be nice to see your face.” I said, then let out a slight chuckle, trying to assure the tone would stay friendly. He made no response. “So how about it. Want to hang out?”
“No.”
“Oh.” I have to say I felt rejected. I wasn’t used to being so blatantly dismissed. Part of me wanted to just blurt out, Whatever, Screw this. I guess there’s no point me trying to care about you. I reminded myself this was his innate inability to know how to relate to others. “Well, it’d be nice to hang out. I’d like that.”
“Whatever.” Taylor turned and walked through the doorway. I followed, assuming his Whatever meant I’d like that too. I followed him up to his room where he proceeded to play his Xbox. I had no concept of the game and just blurted out an occasional That’s cool, trying to show interest. My affirmations were only met by a curt Shush and a quick and very mean glance. At least I presumed it was a mean look when he turned his masked face toward me. How he could see beyond that hairy veil is beyond me. After forty-five minutes he threw his controller to the floor and shouted. “I hate this game.” 
“Looks like you’re doing great to me.”
“What do you know?” he barked back.
I laughed. “Not much. You’re right.” I ventured again to peel away a layer or two. “So, school? Was it okay today? Any problems?”
“No. It’s fine. It’s always fine. Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine.”
“You … uh … talk to that Rosie anymore?”
“Maybe,” he said, then turned toward me and pulled his hair back from his face. “She said she likes it when she can see my face.”
“Oh yeah?”
“See. She likes me. I told her she was nice and that I like that.” A slight smile emerged. “She is nice. She likes me. She’s going be my girlfriend.”
I wasn’t sure how to respond, having no idea who this Rosie was. She may be a nice girl who cares about the hurting kids or she may be someone like Taylor, desperate to be accepted. Of course, she may have been another two-faced, one of those kids who feigns friendliness while they are all the time laughing at you behind your back with their too cool friends. Maybe she was just a tease, egging him on for the sport of it and soon would let her true colors show and act all innocent while Taylor’s world would come crashing down. Whatever the true nature of this Rosie, I knew Taylor was setting himself up for a big, maybe overwhelming hurt. I had that gut feeling that Rosie may well have been the trigger that unleashed the rage of this puzzled and hurt and lost soul. “Well. You want to get to know her more before you ask her something like that.”
“Why?”
“That’s the way it works,” I said slowly, with some irritation I’m sure. “You get to know someone, do some things together before you …”
“We do things together. We have two classes together. It’s like she’s already my girlfriend.”
“She ever text you? Call you?”
“I don’t have a phone, stupid. What does that matter?”
“I don’t know. Listen, just be careful. Girls can hurt you.” Talking to Taylor could be like being stuck in a revolving door. You soon begin to get dizzy and rather disoriented and know you are going nowhere.
“Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. You can go home now.”
Yeah, it was time to go home. 
***
By the time I got home, my brain had started stressing about tomorrow’s algebra test. Maybe that was a way my inner psyche kept me from getting overloaded with the unreality of the past few days. Math was tangible, it follows rules and formulas and equations that make sense to the rational and thinking brain. Natural numbers, whole numbers, integers, rational numbers, irrational numbers, absolute value. Math made sense, math proved the world has order, proves that the world is predictable, is safe. Hey, isn’t that just another fantasy? 
Sky sat on an old wooden stool next to the window in my bedroom, his elbows on the windowsill propped his head perfectly still. He didn’t move as I came through the door and quietly shut it behind me. “Anyone following you? Notice anything strange?” His words came out slowly, full of a kind of resign that life was going to throw more shit at him. Perhaps this was one of his more depressive phases coming on that I’d written about in the Dreamweaver journal.  
“No. Why would I? Geez, you’re getting paranoid.”
His head remained motionless. “No, I’m not. Just not sure if your parents or stupid brother called the cops or something.”
 “Why would they do that? Geez, relax.” I pulled off my sweater, pulled the algebra book out of my backpack and sat on the bed, my back firm against the headboard. 
Sky glanced my way. “I have a hard time trusting … trusting people. You wouldn’t understand that. You’ve never been … been through stuff … been … never mind.” Sky shook his head, turned back toward the window and leaned on the windowsill. His next words came out in a soft whisper, “My grandfather said it, Soars With Eagles said it, ‘Stay on guard, you must take care of yourself. Others will not understand you, accept you.’”
 He perched his elbows back on the windowsill, rested his chin on entwined fingers and gazed out the window. “You’re so lucky. You have a family. You have friends. I only have memories of my grandfather.” He turned toward me. “And only nightmares of my father and mother.” Tears began welling up in his oversized, deep brown eyes. He swung his head around and continued his staring contest with the night outside.
I didn’t know how to respond to his last statement. This was a new side of this strange and unpredictable hero. This glimpse of his broken inner psyche stirred pain in my own soul which I did not like, did not want. Some emotions you just don’t want to deal with. Was I supposed to ask him probing questions, let him share about his life, the ugliness of a childhood he always seemed to be hiding from? I wanted to know. And, I didn’t want to know. I forced my thoughts to focus on equations and formulas, numbers and quotients. My thoughts went to the safe, the predictable, and the known. I opened my algebra book to the relevant predictable equations and stared at them. I informed my intruder I had a test to study for. And I suppressed a niggling feeling I did not want to acknowledge; that Sky was indeed wanting permission to reveal his pain, his suffering, wanted someone to listen, to understand. I was afraid of his pain.     
Before I went to bed that night, I chronicled all the events of the past few days in the Dreamweaver folder. Just in case—just in case the reality of the past few days would get wiped away, to have never have happened. But sleep really didn’t want to come; my brain kept bombarding me with things I should have, could have said to Sky, and to Taylor. I kept telling myself that tomorrow I would do better, be more caring, more there, more real, more human.   





CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

WEDNESDAY

I arrived at Amber’s house late, after basketball practice. Taylor was sitting on the front steps, his face hidden behind the thick hedge of his black hair. A dark gray hoody covered his forehead. Motionless and deadpan he said, “What are you doing here? It’s late. Amber’s in the kitchen fixing me nuggets. Five nuggets. You should go home. Why are you so late?”
“Basketball practice.”
“That sounds stupid.”
“Yeah. Probably. How was school today?” He made no response. “See little Rosie?” 
He turned away and his head fell limp. He muttered, I think it was something like Shut up. Go home stupid, with a few expletives tossed in. 
“Bad day?” More mumbling and some slightly more audible obscenities. Was this it? The pressure building in a very dangerous volcano; a volcano everyone assumed was dormant, safe. Oh, a bit of toxic smoke now and then, but nothing of concern. That’s just the way Taylor is. He’ll be fine. No he won’t. I had no idea how I could help him channel this preordained eruption of unrestrained rage and revenge. I knew just keeping him home on Friday wouldn’t be good enough. It might stop the immediate tragedy, but the rage would still be there and would come out sooner or later—on someone else and somewhere else. I had to be the friend that gave him  hope that he is not unlovable, that he can let people care about him, that he can have a real friend. “Tell me about it.”
“Just go away. And just go to hell.” Taylor stood up, took a step toward me and pushed me, a rather feeble, inert attempt.
“Wow. Must have been a really bad day. Come on Taylor, tell me what happened. That’s what friends are for, to be upset along with you.” He pushed me again, this time I staggered back and barely caught my balance. “You are mad. That’s good. Be mad. Just tell me why you’re so mad.”
“Because I hate you. That’s why. Leave me alone. Go away. I hate you. I hate everyone, especially you.” He shoved me a third time. This time my foot snagged on a crack protruding ever so slightly from the concrete path in front of the porch causing me to stumble backward. My back smashed to the ground with a thud, whipping my head back onto the cold and damp leaf smothered lawn. Taylor turned, vaulted up the porch steps and through the front door, slamming it hard. I then heard the deadbolt click.
You wouldn’t think it’d bother me, this kid declaring hatred toward me and then daring to put his hands on me. After all, I knew he had big problems. Still, I felt hurt and I felt angry; angry that another human being would treat me that way. It was probably a good thing he locked the door. My instinct was to run after him, tackle him and bury my fist in his face. I know I shouldn’t have that kind of instinctual reaction, but I’m just being honest. I sat on the grass for a few minutes until my rational brain shifted gears and got back in charge of these base instincts. I rang the doorbell several times until Amber swung the faux mahogany door inward. Her greeting wasn’t the kindest.
“What the shit is going on? What’d you do to him? What’s wrong with you? Are you an idiot or what?” All these questions had good answers, but Amber did not seem to be interested in responses. With no pause, she continued. “No telling what he’ll do now. You’ve never seen one of his meltdowns. Last time he ended up in that psych ward. This is just great. What’a you playing at?” She finally took a breath. 
“Amber, something happened at school today. He’s upset, but he won’t talk about it. He’s hurt. He’s just taking it out on me.” I knew she understood that; she’d no doubt been the object of his misplaced wrath all her life.
“You can’t deal with him that way. There’s no point pushing him. God! You have no idea, do you?”
Obviously not. “No, I don’t. But don’t forget we’re trying to prevent his … going crazy. Keep him from … you know.” 
“Well, you didn’t help.”
“How the hell can I help?”
Amber tilted her head and pressed her lips together as if demanding an apology, and somehow at the same time declaring that I was indeed an idiot. But her expression was, for some reason, rather endearing; it stirred an odd sensation in the whole of my torso. I so wanted to reach out and pull her bangs aside and slide the back of my hand across her cheek. And for some reason I did. “I’m sorry. But what can we do?” She caught my hand as I moved it away. She squeezed it, then let go. Two scenes flashed somewhere in the recesses of my brain; what I’d written about, talking with her at the park and then learning she committed suicide. Sky had saved her. His gift had saved her. “Amber, I care about you, about Taylor. God, I … I … want …” I wanted to kiss her. “I want to help Taylor. I want to help you. Tell me how.”
“Alex. You’re funny.” She grabbed my hand, squeezed it gently, then let go quickly as if she touched a hot stove. “How the hell do I know how to help anyone, especially me and even more my brother?” She sighed. “We’ll go talk to him. After he eats. He’d better eat first.”
***
“I’m mad at Rosie. I’m really mad at her.” I said this with pretended anger and hoped it was convincing enough. Taylor sat on his bed. Amber and I sat either side of him. “She was mean to you, wasn’t she?” This was a new tactic, a new approach. I had no idea if it would make any difference. Taylor didn’t respond. He slowly pulled his hoody up and dragged over his whole head. “You want me to go beat her up?”
“I’m going to kill her.” A faint mutter finally emerged.
Amber put her arm around his shoulder and confidently said, “No you’re not. You’re angry. It’s okay to be angry. What’d she do? What happened?”
Silence. We waited. Taylor finally screamed out, “I’m going to kill them all.”
Before I said no you’re not, I caught myself. “Yeah. What’d she do? What’d they do?”
Another deafening pause. Amber pulled his hoody up from his face and head and pulled back his hair and put a tie on it. She put her arm around his back and nestled her head between his shoulder and neck. “You want me to cry for you? Like I used to, when you were little and got hurt and didn’t know how to cry. I’d cry because you couldn’t cry. You want me to cry for you?” Taylor nodded. I don’t know if Amber was just able to produce tears or they were true tears born in the pain of seeing her brother’s suffering, but tears surfaced and slipped down her cheek and fell on Taylor’s shirt. 
“I hate being different. I hate me. Rosie … I asked Rosie to be my girlfriend after first hour. She laughed. Loud. They asked her why she was laughing. She told them … what I said. Everybody laughed. Loud, loud, loud, loud, loud. She rubbed my hair then said real loud, ‘Sure, I’m your girlfriend.’ Then everyone laughed more. I said ‘Really?’ and they laughed louder. She said, ‘No, not really. But you’re so sweet.’ What does that mean? You’re so sweet. Stupid people. The world would be better without any people. I’d be okay then. Why’d they laugh? Then someone said, ‘Crazy Taylor, you’ll never have a girlfriend, you’re waaaay too weird.’ Someone else said, ‘I bet your mom got you from an orphanage in Russia and had no idea what she was in for. Your poor mom.’ They all laughed and Rosie laughed. They’re mean.”
“Yes, they are.” Amber said, “Kids are mean. And I hate them too.” Amber stroked his head. “Just don’t let them bother you. Let stupid people be stupid people. Like mom always tells us.”
“Let stupid, mean people die.” Taylor muttered.
Amber softly said, “No. Just let them be stupid.”
My phone vibrated. A text from Adrian demanded I get home. M and D on rampage. 
***
Behind the closed doors of the study came plenty of berating questions; all regarding Sky. “What’s going on here? Where are Sky’s parents? What’s this about not being able to contact them? Has he even been to school? How long have you known him? There’s something not right about this child. What more do you know about him?” Mom and dad took turns throwing questions like fastballs hurling toward an inept batter. All fair questions for any parent to ask. But I had not one honest or satisfying answer for any of these questions. 
“He’s leaving soon. Real soon.” I tried to lie. Obviously, it wasn’t too convincing. 
“You have no idea, do you? What’s really going on with him. I think he’s filling you full of lies. I ask him where his parents are and I’ve gotten two different answers. I ask for his mom’s or dad’s cell number and says he doesn’t know, asked again and says they don’t have one. I asked where he lives, and he said he’d rather not tell us. Lies upon lies. He needs to go. We don’t need that kind of person here,” my dad declared with a level of agitation I had rarely seen, even with Adrian’s grand screw ups. “I don’t know what to think. He certainly seems to have duped you, Alex, and I’m surprised.” 
I knew I had to defend Sky. But how? The truth, reality would certainly not work. More lies would just compound their determination to be rid of the boy. “I don’t know. He seemed sincere. Maybe you’re right. I’ll tell him he has to go.”
“I think that’s best. I’m sure he has someplace to go. Or has other people he can try to con.” Dad nodded, took in a deep breath and said, “I think I should tell him.” He took a step toward the door. 
I nearly shouted, but I think I did control it. “No dad. Please. I’ll talk to him. I’ll tell him he needs to go. I know he’s had a hard life. He … he lost his parents a long time ago. He’s not really had anywhere to live other than foster homes and group homes. He needs help dad. I just wanted to help.” At least there were bits of the truth in my response. 
My dad let out a prolonged sigh, emptying his lungs slowly and thoughtfully. “He’s been somewhere. Where has he been living? And where the hell did you meet him? He’s not enrolled at JFK; your mother checked.”
How was I supposed to answer that? I actually met him in a previous reality where Adrian died and I tried to commit suicide. Then there was another reality where more people died. And then I had a dream and then I just happened to read something I wrote but never wrote and knew he was in the hospital and just decided to go see him so we could make sure no one gets shot up at school on Friday. That’s all I know. “Dad, he needs a place to stay, for a few days. Please.”
“Alex, he’s a runaway. We have no choice. We have to call the police. Let them deal with him.”
“You can’t do that. No. Please.”
It was mom’s turn to let out an exaggerated sigh, “Alex, it is what has to be done. It’s best for him.” 
Shaking my drooping head as I left the study, I muttered my compliance with a weak, “Okay, then.” If only I could have told them everything. Told them Adrian would be dead if not for Sky. I would be in the hospital. Others would be dead. Adrian’s old girlfriend would commit suicide. Sky had kept tragedy away from their lives; saved them from suffering a grief no parent should have to endure. But I could not tell them. The truth was not believable, not sensible, and not possible. Such a yarn would be dismissed as soon as the words hit the eardrums. Before the police came, I had to act. I would take Sky to the abandoned house I’d written about in my journal. He could stay there. He wouldn’t mind. After all, in a previous reality that had been his choice. Hopefully, he would be safe there. But for how long?
***
I stood at the doorway to my bedroom. Adrenalin was doing its job of shaking my body out of complacency, but my brain was having great difficulty finding the courage to announce to Sky that he had to leave and leave now; the police would be on their way soon. 
Sky sat at what had become his favorite perch, my lone bedroom window. He leaned over on a stool with his chin nestled in his elbow; his stoic gaze out of the window seemed so odd for a sixteen-year-old who should be playing video games or busy texting people he barely knows. I could never read if he was in deep contemplation or simply bored, or wallowing in self-pity. Maybe it was depression. Or was it fear of what would or would not happen that was sapping him of life? Maybe he was continually stewing in the juices of his own anger toward himself for messing things up, or, who knows,  it could be anger towards the world for giving him such a raw deal. Whatever churned inside his soul, he so often looked lost.
“We have to get going. Now.” Stated with perhaps not enough urgency, but I did not want to rattle him too much. I guess I got his depressed phase response; No response. This funk, or whatever it was, was indeed annoying and hard to understand. “Did you hear me? We have to go now.” I went to my closet and grabbed an oversized rucksack and stuffed in my old sleeping bag, an extra blanket, two flashlights and a hammer I had failed to return to dad’s workshop after hanging some pictures several months ago. Sky’s dead stare into nothingness continued. “Sky. Say something. It’s like talking to a dead calm wind. Geez. We have to go”
He muttered what I’m pretty sure was something like, I know, stupid. Or maybe it was, I know, I’m not stupid. Then, still gawking out the window, he said, “Did you ever want to die?” 
Not the response I expected or wanted to hear. “What the hell you mean by that?”
“It’s too hard. If I wasn’t here, everything would be easier, for me and everyone. I’m tired. You know it, I’m tired. Your parents asking no end of questions. Why they asking all those questions? What do they care if they can’t get a hold of my parents? My dead parents. Screw them. I’ve had enough. And, yeah, I know I have to go.” He finally turned towards me and looked at me with a look that was hard to decipher. 
Was he asking for help? Wanting some sympathy, pity? Did he want some affirmation, a declaration that life is good, worth living? I think I just shook my head; I’m not even sure. But here’s the embarrassing thing, all I could think of was the police arriving and carrying him off. I said, “I don’t know what’s wrong with you. But just snap out of it. We have to get out of here now. What the hell’s wrong with you anyway?” You ever say something and regret it the instant the last word slips past your lips? Unfortunately, I didn’t have time to say sorry. Sky shot across the four feet between us and rammed two open palms deep into my chest. I fell back onto the bed, it shook nervously for what seemed minutes. The initial sting in my chest morphed into a deep burning sensation that made my eyes water. Funny thing is, I wasn’t angry. I knew I deserved it. By the time I managed to roll off the bed and force myself upright, Sky had bolted out the bedroom door, down the stairs and through the front door. I heard the door smash shut, disturbing a dozen pictures of the perfect family lining the stairwell. My parents rushed into the entryway as I flew down the stairs with my rucksack swiping about four of those family photos off the stairwell wall. “Not now. I gott’a find him.” I made it through the front door before my parents could ask me what was going on. Again things were not going to plan, not that the plan was ever clear. 
***
“Sky, I’m sorry. Get in the car.” I leaned over and pushed open the passenger car door. “Please. Come on, get in. I’m sorry.”
The reply that came was just what I expected. “I hate you. Go to hell.” Twice in one day; twice I’d been told I was hated, and twice angry kids had knocked me flat on my butt. “Do you hear me? Go away.”
“I’m not going away. I’m sorry. I was mean. I didn’t … I’m sorry. Come on, get in.”
“I don’t need you and you don’t need me anymore.”
“Sky, I need you. And you need me. We’re on a mission together. We’ll see it through together. We need you.” I’d hoped I’d hit on something; that need to be needed, the need to know someone believes in you and can’t survive without you.  He slowed his pace and looked at me. I nodded. I pushed the door open and stopped the car. 
He slipped into the front seat. “I’m sorry I pushed you.”
“It’s okay. I deserved it.”
He shrugged his shoulders. “I know. But I’m still sorry.”
“And I’m sorry.”
He said, “I didn’t deserve that.” His eyes moistened, but he quickly wiped his face with his right forearm. 
“No, you didn’t.” 
“So, what are you going to do with me? I can’t live with you. Stupid parents.”
I laughed and said, “Yeah, stupid parents. Who needs them?”
“I don’t. There’s a place I can stay. I’ll be safe there.” He pointed for me to turn down the next street.
“Yeah, I know. You told me, in a past … reality. I wrote about it. I’ll take you there. Are you sure you’ll be safe?” Sky nodded. “Are you sure?” He nodded again. I dropped him off just as it was getting dark and told him I’d get him some more supplies and food at the store while he settled himself in this handy forbidden hideaway. 
One storm calmed. Sky would be okay, for a few days, until the future was reinvented. After that? Maybe, his life would get better. Maybe, in my own crazy fantasy, it would work out that he could live with us, be a foster kid, or we could even adopt him. Give him a life. He deserved that. That was a fantasy I wanted to come true. After all, he’d given our family a future.  





CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

THURSDAY

Another storm rages. Taylor on the rampage. My presence, my friendship had done nothing to quell the mounting and deadly rage. 
Just after four, I arrived at Taylor’s home. Dressed in a black shirt and black skinny jeans, Taylor sat perched on the front steps of the porch, matted hair blacked out his face, his being. Getting closer I could see his hands appeared strangely pale, but both knuckles oozed tiny beads of something like freshly squeezed tomato sauce, which highlighted what looked like dried reddish brown paint or maybe nail polish covering his fingers.  Coming to the steps, I looked down and saw the deep scrapes gouged across his clenched fist.  “God, what’s happening to you? What the hell you been doing?”  
His shoulders rolled forward until he looked like a giant black ball. He shouted, “Go away stupid. Go away, you bitch.”
“I won’t go away. Friends don’t go away. What’s happened?”
“You’re not my friend. I hate you. Go away.”
Trying a new tactic I said, “No stupid. I won’t go away. Get your hair out of your face. Let me see you.”
The black orb remained motionless. His words came out slower, but even more determined. “Go to hell and go away. I’ll call the police if you don’t leave.”
“Yeah, you do that. Where’s Amber?”
Taylor’s torso shot up, his head shook wildly. Frenzied words came out. “I don’t know. I don’t. How should I know?”
“She inside?” I started up the steps to the porch. “She know what you did to your knuckles?”
He grabbed my left ankle, then wrapped his arms around my leg and buried his chest against my calf. I tried to yank it free but he jerked his body back and I stumbled in the opposite direction. I felt my chest bounce on wood slats of the porch, then my forehead pounded the front door’s threshold. For a second I was sure I was out for the count and wasn’t even sure where I was. Then I heard Taylor scream some of his choice obscenities ending with the declaration for me to leave. I rolled over and slowly forced my torso up, my chest feeling like a bowling ball had dropped on it and remained nestled there. I drew in a breath, getting ready to unleash my own stream of obscenities but my lungs refused to welcome any incoming oxygen. I sat simply glaring at Taylor, who remained hunched over clinging to my left leg. Words eventually found enough breath to emerge. “What the hell. Let go.” I tried to pull my leg free, it barely moved. “I need to talk to your sister.”
“You can’t. It’s her fault.” I asked what was her fault, but he ignored this and went on in a strange and eerie monotone. “It’s her fault. I couldn’t find it and it’s her fault. Not mine. I couldn’t find it.”
“Couldn’t find what?” I knew the what but wanted him to tell me. 
“Nothing. It doesn’t matter. It’s none of your business. Is it?”
I jerked my knee up and twisted it. This time Taylor’s grip loosened just enough to allow me to pull both legs up toward my chest and was ready to kick Taylor off me if he tried any more of his craziness. “Maybe it is my business. So what were you looking for?” 
Taylor’s hair had swept back enough now leaving half his face visible. The one exposed eye was bulging and black, black as the abyss I imagine hell to be. His thin lips were clinched tight, pushing any color out. I pulled my legs back a bit more, ready to kick with the full force of my well-toned legs. I’m sure he was ready to launch his body at me like a determined missile anxious to destroy its deserving target. But he remained frozen, only his eye responded, increasing in mass as he shot the look of death at me. I took a slow breath, reminding myself that I was here to help him, that he was hurting and not a killer. My words came out with at least some restraint, “I know what you’re looking for. The key. You don’t need it. It’ll just get you in trouble. Listen, things are going to be okay. I’m your friend. I’m going to make sure you’re okay.”
He pulled the draping hair back from his left side, revealing both of his angry and crazed eyes. “No you won’t. Amber has it and won’t give it to me. Or … she knows where it is and won’t tell me. And now she can’t. She …” His voice stopped abruptly. Then he shouted, “Go the crap home.”
“She doesn’t have the key. I do. It’s hidden at my house. And you don’t need it. You don’t need to get a hold of any gun.” As those last four words came out, his words flashed through my head, and now she can’t. Like a bullet forcing it way out of the chamber, I shot up and bolted through the front door, screaming out for Amber. There was no response. The living room to the right was in near ruins; two lamps turned over, one with a glass base had shattered on the wood floor into a million pieces. A coffee table stood on its side. Two end tables had their drawers pulled completely out; both had been flung across the room and lay beneath a fifty-inch TV with a shattered screen. Shouting Amber’s name, I stepped toward the kitchen where his fury had also been unleashed; drawers pulled out with contents covering the floor. Several expensive looking dinner plates and cups lay shattered by the dishwasher. No Amber.
 I flew up the stairs, taking three at a time. Having no idea which door led to what room, I opened them randomly. The first was obviously Taylor’s room, it was untouched; there were five books on a bookshelf, five lamps in various spots, and five pillows on the bed. It was immaculate, unnatural for any teenager’s room. No chaos. It was a triumph of order, control; a controlled, safe environment that tried desperately to offer control and safety to a world that, to Taylor, was incomprehensible, illogical and nonsensical. 
The next door opened was his mom’s and stepdad’s bedroom. It made the living room look tidy. The bed’s mattress lay against the window blocking most of what was left of the evening’s light. Clothes covered the breadth and width of the floor. A dresser was overturned. And the gun safe, a tall, slender heavy metal fortress, had somehow been pushed over and very nearly spilt a dressing table in half. Still no Amber. The next door open was the bathroom. 
Amber lay on the floor, her head against the base of the toilet. Blood trickled down the side of the toilet. Not a lot, but enough to form an inch or so shallow puddle of the red ooze. I knelt down and carefully pulled her away from the base of the toilet. I tried to look at the back of her neck to see where the blood was coming from and how deep, how bad the cut or gash might be. I couldn’t see anything through her thick hair but noticed a large tangle of clotted blood on the back of her head, right in the middle. I wasn’t sure, but it didn’t seem to be bleeding, at least not much. I grabbed a towel and very gently dabbed the back of her head. There was some but not too much fresh blood; I hoped that was a good sign. But I wasn’t even sure she was alive. I tried to feel for a pulse and couldn’t find anything, then listened for her breathe. She didn’t seem to be breathing. I shook her shoulder, then squeezed her hand and moved it up and down. Nothing. 
“Is she dead? I think she may be dead. It’s her fault.”
Taylor’s voice and words released a massive dump of adrenaline through my body, which was already overloaded with the stuff. A surge of rage and hate demanded I beat Taylor senseless; beat him into oblivion, give him what he deserved. He did not deserve or need pity, he did not need a friend, he needed to … 
I don’t remember getting to this point, but I do remember feeling I was outside of my own body watching the scene unfold in slow motion. I slammed Taylor hard into the hallway wall just outside the bathroom. A fist went into his stomach, then my right hand clenched his throat and began to squeeze. I shouted louder than I ever had in my entire life, “It is not her fault! It is your fault! You did this, no one else! Quit playing the poor victim you little bitch.” Taylor’s lungs were fighting for a wisp of air. My hand began to tighten even more, he tried to kick me, I kicked his shin hard. 
“Alex? Stop it. Stop it. Let go.” Amber’s voice was weak and came out confused, disoriented. On her hands and knees, she forced her head around the bathroom door. My hand loosened and Taylor desperately drew in a few quick breaths. Amber tried to shout, but her words lacked the force needed to match the situation, “Let go of him!” 
My hand opened and slipped down. I stepped back. I didn’t want to say it, but I did. “Sorry, Taylor. Sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.” Taylor shook his head hard; the black veil of hair covered his face. He bolted down the stairs; the front door slammed shut shaking the window pane in the dining room. 
With a twisted face, Amber forced her body into an upright position. Her right hand reached back and gently caressed the back of her skull. She carefully examined her hand for any trace of fresh blood. Satisfied she was more or less intact, she glared at me with a dangerous piercing sort of look and then, able to use every bit of her well-developed lungs, a soul destroying scream erupted. “God! What the hell, you’ve done it now!” She paused and took in a slow and deep breath; I braced myself for the continued onslaught. I wanted to scream back that Taylor was the guilty one here, not me. But I kept my mouth shut and braced myself. “I can’t believe you’re such the idiot sometimes. I think you don’t have a working brain in there. How the hell are you going to fix this now? My God! Look what you’ve done!” 
I ignored the very unjust and misplaced condemnation and said, “Are you okay? We should call 911 or something. He nearly … he could have killed you.”
“Geez, get real. It’s not the first time he’s cracked my head open. Quit overreacting. God. And you don’t understand what you’ve done … created. It was bad enough and now he’s gone. I ought to strangle you is what I should do. God, you’re such an idiot.” As hard as it was, I kept my mouth shut.
She took a step forward and I stepped back. I wasn’t sure she wouldn’t follow through with her urge to choke me out. I finally spoke, “Well, I don’t understand why you want to jump all over me when Taylor’s the one that tore up your house and nearly put you in a coma.”
“I’ll tell you what this means.” She took another step toward me. I stood my ground this time. “My mom, worse my stepdad, comes home and sees this, well the fury of hell will erupt on whoever’s here. And Taylor … Taylor is going to end up back in the hospital. And I’ll be grounded for life because I didn’t stop him. And if they find out you were here, a part of this, you’ll be the one in the hospital in a lifelong coma. We can’t even try to clean up this mess because we have to go and frick’n look who knows where for Taylor, and we better find him before he does something truly insane. Why’d you put your damn hands on him?”
I muttered, “He deserved it.” 
“He deserved it? He deserved it! I really thought you understood this kid. Take your fat butt home. I’ll find him on my own. Geez, it’ll be really dark soon. And my mom … Oh my God, I can’t believe this.  Just leave.”
“I’m not leaving. Quit your bitch’n and let’s go find him.”
***
Two hours later and there he was, sitting at the base of Charlie, the name he’d given the tornado siren nearest his house. He sat crossed-legged, his hoody pulled over the whole of his face. His right hand clutched a three-foot rusty and jagged metal pipe which he swung senselessly and continuously at the air around him. Stupid, I know, but it didn’t occur to me that he would turn his unbridled and nonsensical rage on me. Once he saw us walking towards him, that was it. In one quick motion, he was on his feet, swinging the pipe with speed that cut the air and made eerie and continuous whooshes. He was running towards me looking like some hideous slasher from a very bloody R-rated movie. Amber screamed for him to stop. He didn’t. And for some reason my instinct, my survival response didn’t kick in. I didn’t run. I didn’t fight. The last thing I remember saying was, “Taylor, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have …”  





CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

SATURDAY

I have this vague but scary image of what seemed to be three dozen eyes dissecting me. Then I could hear faint murmurings; something about stitches and loss of hearing. But the worse of these unsettling recollections was an unrelenting high-pitched screech deep within my right eardrum. Other than those unnerving glimpses of the aftermath of the attack, it was three days later that unwanted and unwelcome memories began to slowly awaken—slashes of a metal bar sinking deep into my flesh and hitting bone, a blow square on my ear sending me falling helplessly to the concrete, and further blows to my rib cage. The only way to escape these intrusive and hideous images was to retreat to the mercies of sleep, aided by a steady drip of opiates into my blood system. 
It was later on that third day that I first noticed my parents standing vigilant on either side of the bed. I let out a feeble groan and managed to get out, “What am I doing here?”
“Finally, here he is. Back from the dead,” Adrian said. He stood at the end of the bed. Then faint sobs from one side of the bed grew louder, and there was a whispered Thank God from my mother. I think I asked what day it was, and my mom, in a whisper, informed me it was Saturday afternoon.
I tried to sit up, only to discover a disturbing lack of strength in my arms or torso. I reached up and felt the bulky bandage covering the breadth of the right side of my face and head. Then that screeching sound in my ear ramped up by a thousand decibels. I must have moaned, maybe cried, because my mom’s sobs were suddenly more intrusive. I took in a slow and deep breath, which caused more pain than I could have imagined possible, but found enough air to ask, “What … What day is it?” My dad quietly said it was still Saturday. “Did … anything happen … at school Friday?”
Adrian laughed and said, “Just you not being their Al-butt.”
“We did it then. We did it. Everything’s okay.” Before I could ask what happened to me, my head melted deep into the comforting recesses of the pillow and I went back to sleep and escaped the nightmare of being alive.  
***
The high-pitched squealing in my right ear continued unabated when I woke up late Sunday morning. Digging my palms into the too rigid mattress, I pushed my body up and scooted back and leaned against an overstuffed pillow. A bag hanging from a metal pole was the first thing my eyes focused on. I followed its tiny clear plastic tube down, discovering the thing had its home in a protruding vein in my wrist. My eyes shifted and surveyed my sterile and boring surroundings. An undersized and silent TV was hoisted up in the corner; St. Louis was beating Dallas by two touchdowns. The light and the movement on the screen seemed harsh, intrusive. On the wall opposite the bed, a whiteboard proclaimed what I assumed were my most recent caretakers; Nurse Jaye was scrolled in a rather hasty fashion. Above her name, printed neatly, it read Dr. Bell. A small door to the left of the board led to what I assumed must be the toilet. On the far wall, the room’s door was wide open allowing irritating chatter to drift into my room in a very heartless manner. In a corner, next to a small window was a chair and suddenly I realized my mother sat there with her head propped up by her right arm. “Mom, you asleep?” She didn’t stir. I repeated my question louder. It didn’t seem right to demand that my mother wake up.
She shook her head ever so gently. She seemed to force a smile. “How are you feeling?”
“I don’t know.” The only assessment I could offer. Besides the howling in my ear, I felt oblivious to anything in the world without and within. 
“How’s your head?”
The question reminded me of the bandage I had yet to see. I carefully let my free hand survey the monolith encasing half my head. “It’s okay, I guess. Don’t feel anything. Just the noise, like a giant Blue Jay, is stuck in my head that won’t shut up.”
“The doctor said that should pass in a few weeks.”
“Great.” I moaned. “What … What happened? I …” I realized I didn’t remember much of what had happened. I’d been at Taylor’s house, things went crazy, he’d run off. We went to find him. Then a vague image of Taylor coming at me with something in his hand and being hit. That was about it. “I don’t remember … what happened.” It would be a few days before more of those grisly details of the attack began to surface. I wished they’d stay hidden wherever such unbearable memories belong.
My mother shook her head, I could tell she did not want to think about it, did not want images in her head of what her son went through. “Someone called 911 and said two people had been attacked by some gang members. That’s all we know. No witnesses.” She paused and shook her head again. “You don’t remember what happened? You must remember something.” Her tone resonated with anger; anger not at me, but anger that justice might not be done. Then she took a quick breath and asked, “What were you doing out there, by the tornado siren?”
“Where? I don’t know where I was. What tornado siren?” Yes, I remembered that now, we’d found Taylor at Charlie. “I was at a friend’s house, I think. Then I left there. That’s all I remember.” I thought it better to play dumber than I was, lest I inadvertently get Amber and Taylor in more trouble. I knew the next question on mom’s tongue, who was the friend? I was desperately trying to formulate a reasonable fib. Then it occurred to me. She’d said two—two people were found. “Two? Who? Who else was there?” Was it Taylor? Was it Amber?
Tears quickly appeared, slipping quickly down both my mother’s cheeks. She shook her head. Her mouth opened, nothing surfaced. Her lips pressed together as more tears came. She managed to whisper, “Go back to sleep, Alex. Get some more sleep.” She turned as if to leave. 
“Mom ...” I tried to say with great emphasis, but my lungs couldn’t get behind my intention. I tried again. “Mom? Who? Who else was there? What happened to them?  Was it … Amber? Taylor? Who?”
“Who are they? Were they with you?”
“No. No. I don’t know. I don’t remember. Who was it?”
“Let’s … we’ll … talk about things another time. You just need to worry about getting better … getting home.”
 “God. I’m fine. What’s going on?  Why won’t you tell me?” Then, like a bullet hitting its target, one word slammed into my conscious: Sky. “Mom, Sky? Where’s Sky? Is he Okay?”
“Sky was with you. You don’t remember? He … he didn’t … he didn’t survive the attack. I’m sorry.  So, so sorry. And they have no idea who did this to you, to Sky. They just can’t get away with …” Words stopped. Tears flowed from mom and from me. Then, after a few minutes, maybe just a few seconds, my tears dried up and I became strangely, frightfully, numb, like slipping into nothingness. How is it possible for emotions to shut off like a twist of the hot water tap? “I just want to go to sleep, Mom. I just want to …” I laid my head down and felt my head sink slowly into the soft comfort of the pillow. I just wanted to die, for it to be over. My friend, my savior came swiftly—sleep ushered its comfort of escape. 
***
I buzzed for the nurse and asked her to hand me the phone, which was just out of my reach. I called Amber. Her voice was tired, sheepish. Yes, she knew about Sky. Yes, she knew what happened. Yes, she was there. Yes, Taylor was back in the hospital. No, she couldn’t tell me what happened, not now, not yet. She cried, the sobbing type, the uncomfortable type. She worked hard to offer an apology between sobs and promised she would come to see me … when I was ready and when she was ready. I wondered if she would ever be ready. Before she hung up, I said in a whisper, “We did do it. We saved them.” She didn’t respond. 
Was she angry at me? Taylor ended up back in the psych ward at St. Anthony; the hospital where I had supposedly first met Sky. Maybe she blamed me, felt it was my fault; Taylor going back to the looney-bin. Later, though, I had an overwhelming thought that wouldn’t leave, that he would just come out of the hospital angrier, more determined to give the world what he knew it deserved.  Maybe it was inevitable. It being tragedy of some sort, of one degree or another. But then the realization took hold—tragedy had had its way, Sky was dead. 
Sky, he must have been there. Why? How? Why was he there? My thoughts sped up reaching crescendo after crescendo as intrusive and nonstop what ifs fed crushing dread and fear and confusion and the most crippling of emotions, guilt. Maybe Sky was right. We shouldn’t have tampered with the past in the first place. Maybe Taylor had a destiny that could not be altered. Maybe it had to happen. Maybe the past is best left as it is and accepted for whatever it brings. Maybe we were trying to play God and alter divine imperatives that make sense only to our creator. Maybe my brother should be dead, maybe Amber should be dead. Had we really saved anybody? Maybe it was a dream. But which was the dream, this reality, that reality? Maybe there was a reality yet to be. Maybe the reality of this moment would be altered, should be altered. My thoughts became more and more jumbled and more and more exhausting. But I knew one thing, the past few days had to be recorded, written down just in case there was another reset of history. And since I was in no shape to take on this assignment, 
I called Amber back and told her to write about everything that happened over the past three days, or was it four or five, time had disappeared.   “Whatever you saw, whatever you said, whatever I had said, whatever Taylor had said and did. You have to write it all down, everything, and put in the cloud.”  She said she would. “You have to. I … I have to know what happened.” 





CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Two, or was it three days later—in the hospital, time blurs into lazy and undefined morsels of sleep mingled with meaningless fragments of consciousness—they removed the bandages from my head.  I resolutely refused to look at a mirror, knowing a pitiful and ugly monster created for some B class horror film would be gawking back at me. And I certainly didn’t want anyone else in this twisted universe to have to endure such a sight. So I was horrified when Amber walked through the door of my hospital room; I wanted to swiftly and permanently disappear, melt into nothingness like the Wicked Witch of the West.  It was obvious that she was trying to force a smile, but her contorted mouth and bulging eyes couldn’t hide an instinctual grimace. Her eyes welled up with tears, she whispered, “I’m sorry. God, I’m so sorry.” 
I turned my head to the side and down, hoping that would somehow cover the twisted mess of torn, stitched up flesh that covered half my face. “It’s not for you to be sorry.” I said and carefully shifted my body up trying hard not to wince. She stepped to my side and put a pillow against the head of the bed for me to lean against. I said, “Sorry, I just haven’t had a chance to put my makeup on today.” She didn’t smile and I wanted to bury my head in the pillow and somehow hide the ugliness. 
There was a long void; the deafening sort that makes you so self-conscious you start feeling your skin is trying to claw its way out the discomfort. I forced myself to look at her and forced a feeble and useless smile. Horror remained etched on her cute and innocent face. Then I noticed more tears forming and slowing slipping down her face. I sensed those tears were not about me or for me. I closed my eyes and spoke slowly, “You have to tell me. What happened? I … I don’t remember. Sky’s … he’s …”
She nodded and more tears slid determinedly down her cheeks. She brushed them off with her sleeve only leaving room for more; these she left to drip on my hand. She whispered, “Are you sure? I … It’s too …” Her words didn’t want to come out.
I nodded and said, “I’m sure. I only remember being at your house, and Taylor gone crazy ape-wild. Finding him. Him attacking me with a pole or something. And that’s it. What happened after that? What happened to Sky? I need to know. Why was he there? How? How’d he find us?” 
She forced an oversized chair closer to the bed, gently took my hand, closed her eyes and nodded. “Sky came out of nowhere. He … he said it was Native intuition. The Great Spirit or something guiding him. He’d gone to my house, found it … destroyed. Said he knew we’d be at the tornado siren.” Amber stopped and inhaled a long deep breath with her eyes shut tight. She shook her head as the scene replayed in her head. “Like a freight train, a wild out of control train, he plowed into Taylor’s chest as the rod was about to get buried in your face. And they both hit the ground and, I swear, it felt like the whole earth shook under my feet. Taylor pushed Sky off him screaming and cursing. Then I saw … the pole … it was …” She stopped, squeezed her eyes tight, trying to will away the haunting images assaulting her. “It was stuck in his chest. The metal rod. He reached at it, tried to pull it out. I was trying to get my phone out. And I dropped it and was trying to find it, telling Sky he’d be okay. I couldn’t find my phone, I couldn’t find it. Sky reached his hand out to me. Crawling on my knees I went over to him. I didn’t know what to do. Then Sky … he smiled. He said, ‘I saved them. Everything’s okay now. It’s okay.’ He told me how he knew where we were, his words barely coming out. And then … then he said, ‘It’s okay, he’s with me.’ His body jerked, and he groaned and tried to take in one last breath, but … he didn’t. I couldn’t do anything. Then Taylor tapped my shoulder with my phone and just said, ‘Here. He deserved it. They both deserved it.’ I couldn’t say anything to him. I think I just shook my head. I thought you were dead. That you both were, I called 911, said I’d seen a bunch of guys attack two people. I didn’t … I could let them take Taylor off … to prison. I couldn’t, you see I couldn’t do that. I know it’s wrong, but I couldn’t. I … pulled the rod out of … and took it. I grabbed Taylor and we went down the block, hid in some bushes and waited till they came. Loads of police and … everybody. I thought you were dead. I shouldn’t have left you. I’m sorry.”
I only found strength enough to shake my head as the cruel images of that night invaded my mind and body, sucking all the air out of my lungs. I couldn’t breathe, my chest was caving in. My gut twisted tight, it felt like a vacuum sucked every bit of life out of me and an awful nothingness took hold; a black abyss that promises to never end. I knew there were tears that wanted to come, wanted expression, wanted life. But they wouldn’t, couldn’t come. The nothingness had taken over. I had to force the faint words to surface, “It’s okay. Amber, it’s okay.” I so wanted to believe that.
“It will never be okay. Will it? Never.”  Maybe she had tears enough for both of us; they seemed to drench my forearm. Then another forever silence; my eyes were locked, staring into a black and endless and invisible void. After the eternal pause, Amber offered an epilogue to her tale. “We went home. I buried the … the thing in the backyard. I cleaned Taylor up and washed our clothes and straightened up the house as best I could … but the mess … God. I waited for my mom and stepdad to come home. Of course, when they saw the house, they packed him some stuff and took him back to St. Tony’s. He’s safe there. He’s safe. He’ll get help there. He doesn’t belong in prison. Can you forgive me?”
“There’s nothing to forgive.”  I wasn’t sure if I really meant that, if I should mean it, or if I wanted to mean it. But I did know it was me that didn’t deserve any mercy, forgiveness. I couldn’t prevent a tragedy without creating another tragedy. “Can you forgive me? That’s the question.”
She ignored my invitation, no, my plea for absolution. “Fate doesn’t like to be messed with. It seems fate will have its way, one way or another. Sky meant well. He did. But, Alex, we can’t play with the unseen forces that destiny ordains. Ours is to accept what life bestows upon us. Accept it with humbleness. If we insist on fighting fate, we’re just choosing more misery.”
I had no idea what she was attempting to say, if it was meant to be comforting or disturbing, I couldn’t say. And I didn’t care if Fate and Destiny and whatever the hell wants to dictate our lives doesn’t like being messed with.  “No. I’m not going to accept anything. I’ll fight the past, fate, destiny, whatever it is. I’ll fight it. We’ll save Sky. We saved others. Now we can save him.”
“How? You can’t change this. Sky’s gone. You …” Words tapered off. She took my hand and her head shook slowly, softly. “Alex, don’t you get it. We have to let things happen. We aren’t meant to change things. The world doesn’t work that way. We have to accept what comes. As painful as it is … we have to accept things. And there’s no way to change it now. He’s gone.”
My instinct was to tell her to shut up. I took a slow breath and tried to speak calmly but it didn't work. My words were curt. “No. You’re wrong. If it can be changed, then we have to change it. We have to.”
“Alex. We can’t. You can’t. You’re not … a Dreamweaver. And you shouldn’t even if you could.” 
How could she say that? We’d just saved Adrian, hell, we had saved her, given her a second life, we’d saved a dozen kids, kept their families from grief unspeakable. Of course, she was wrong. We all deserve a second chance; Adrian did, Amber did, those who died did. And Sky now needed a second chance, and I needed the chance to save him. After all, it was my fault, all my fault that he’d agreed to change what he knew he shouldn’t change.
Amber was wrong. Fate doesn’t exist. Only choices exist and choices can be changed. That’s the gift Sky had given us. There had to be a way. “I’ve been reading the … the journal I wrote. There is a way. Soars With Eagles. We have to find him. He can do it.”
“And how are you going to find this old man who hides in the mountains, and has no desire to be found? And is probably dead by now.”
“We have to try. No, we have to do it. What we do now is to try to find him. And if we try, he’ll find us, like he found Sky. He’ll change it. The last Dreamweaver.”
Amber shook her head and bit her lower lip. “No, Alex. No. We have to leave things as they are. We just do. What … what are you doing?”
I was pushing myself up and forcing my legs down the side of the bed. “I’m leaving. Get my clothes. They’re in that cupboard over there. Hurry, before the nurse comes. We have to do it now. There’s no time.” 
“You’re crazy. You’re not going to do this and … and I’m not going to help you.”
My legs slid further down the side of the bed and my body was beginning to inch toward the edge of the mattress. “I’m fine. I don’t need to be here anymore.” My feet reached the floor and I used my elbows to begin to prop myself up. “Get my damn clothes.” With my feet carefully settled on the hard and frigid floor, I yanked my body to the side and twisted around so my stomach rested on the side of the bed. With my hands grasping the metal guard railing, I forced my body upright. “See, I’m fine. We have to go now. You don’t get it. If we wait too long, it’ll be too late … to Dreamweave. That’s the rules, we can’t wait too long, too many ripples, we’ll be too late.” My legs wobbled; they felt like thin straws that would soon collapse. I determined not to wince as a burning sensation pierced every sinew in my legs then shot up through my spine and landed in the back of my neck. Amber stood frozen, expressionless, neither anger nor worry was registering. “Clothes!” I demanded again. She remained motionless. 
“I’m going to get the nurse.” She finally said with a strange kind of firmness that in any other situation would have been rather cute and alluring.
“No. You’re not. Get my clothes. Soars With Eagles is waiting for us.”
“You’re mad, crazy. You’re not thinking straight. Those meds are making you senseless.”
“I won’t let Sky die … won’t let him stay dead. Don’t you see we have to do this?” I took a small but determined step with my left leg. The straws began to buckle, ready to collapse. I forced my right leg forward. “See. I can do it.”
“Alex, please. Stop. You can’t do this. You can’t even walk.”
“I’ll be fine.” A declaration meant to convince her and myself. “If you don’t come, I’ll go alone.”
At that, she laughed and shook her head. “Okay. We’ll try. But give it a day, two days. Until they say you’re ready to go home. We’ll do it that way.” 
She knew by the defeated look on my face that I’d realized she was right. I scooted back a step and fell against the bed, wondering how I was going to get my butt back in the bed when a nurse strutted through the door without a thought to have knocked. “My God, what’s going on here, Mr. Alex?  What do you think you’re doing? Trying to go to the bathroom? You know the rules mister. And little miss, you best be going. You’ve had your visit with your little boyfriend. Enough is enough. He’ll be home soon and you can do your part to take care of him. Heaven knows he’s going to need it. Now get yourself going.”
Amber leaned over and kissed me on my undamaged left cheek. “See you later then boyfriend.”
“Two days. Promise?” I said. She winked and disappeared through the oversized door.
“Two days until what?” The somewhat chubby, redheaded nurse asked.
“Um, till we get married.”
“Indeed. You wait right there until I find a tech to assist you. You are not to move. Hear me?”
“Yes ma’am,” I said, hoping I wouldn’t collapse before help arrived. 






CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Four days later. And now each hour passing depleted the chances of saving our savior. We had to find Soars With Eagles, or he had to find us. Sky’s account from his dream was vague at best. Mountains, or better, big hills, south of Tahlequah and near the border into Arkansas. Nearly a three-hour drive from Tulsa. Winding Stair Mountain, somewhere there.
My pain was not much better, but I was a bit stronger, a little more mobile, but still taking pain meds more than I wanted. Of course, that left me a bit loopy and I remember next to nothing about the drive there. I recall stopping at Tahlequah, Amber getting gas and asking directions. We passed through a town called Summerfield and asked about roads going into the mountain that would be more rustic. They suggested taking Holson Valley Road as a more scenic off-beat way to go. And that was a twisty road that left my stomach in turmoil and threatening to revolt.
“This is impossible,” Amber stated the obvious for the 100th time. 
“He did it, we can do it.” Of course, I was delusional. The thing about delusions is that you are convinced it is reality, and you know it is everyone around you who is delusional. “Just keep looking for side roads that look like they go nowhere, like … you shouldn’t go down it. And … the Spirit, the Great Spirit will guide, eh? Yeah, he will.”
“Oh God, stop. This is stupid. My mom is going to kill me. I told her I’d borrow the car for a few hours. Now it’s getting dark. We won’t get home until tomorrow, if ever. I don’t know why I agreed to this.” She paused and glanced my way. “Yeah, I do. It was just to keep you from doing it on your own. You should be in a bed, not in a car, not three hours from home. And this is … so ridiculous. We’re trying to find a needle in a thousand haystacks. Impossible. And stupid. I’m going to turn around now.”
“No. Stop, go back. There. That one. Turn down that one, that road. We’ll try it. Anyway, the needle is going to find us. It’s like … like we’re a huge magnet and it’ll come straight to us. Yeah, we’re a frigging magnet, it … he’ll come to us. The Spirit is with us. Yeah, the force is with us.” I’m not sure that’s exactly what I said, but I know what was coming out was craziness, but I blame the Percocet.  
There were three more off traveled side roads we ventured up, winding our way up, then down, and eventually the feeble road would suddenly turn to gravel, then to dirt, then disappear, and forbidding undergrowth would threaten to swallow the SUV in one big gulp. In my delusion I expected an old, crinkly, bent over figure to suddenly appear just as the car began to be engulfed by the forbidden forest. 
“It’s getting dark. This is just absurd. What are we supposed to do now? There’s a billion texts from my mom. I’ll be grounded for life, you know. What am I supposed to tell her? Geez. We’ll be stuck out here all night, now. This is …”
“Amber, you’re such an expert at complaining, aren’t you? We’re going to save Sky. And keep your brother out of the looney ward. And your mom won’t even know what we’ve done, because … it won’t have happened. It will all be reset. It’s got to. There. There’s one. Turn down that one. We’ll try that one.” Amber rolled her eyes, hit the steering wheel with her left palm and shook her head and let out a loud and unending noooo. And then, and I blame the opiates for this, I grabbed the steering wheel, jerked it toward me and yelled much too loudly, “This is the one!” 
The SUV belonging to Amber’s mom, swerved sharply just missing the intended target and careened up and over an embankment and, for some reason, decided to stop just before it became intimate with an old and worn out Pin Oak with several dead limbs hanging on for dear life. Amber burst into tears before I could ask if she was okay. So I didn’t ask. I just got out of the car and started walking, well, hobbling back toward the path and began hiking up a rather steep incline. Can I blame my meds again? But I guess the truth is I don’t know how to deal with other people’s emotions. Especially females. And even more so mine. I ignored my damaged body’s relentless screams and forced my way further up a gravel road that soon became a dirt path that eventually morphed into a trail that became more and more hostile. At some point I collapsed on a damp, leafy, cold, hard bed; but of course, I don’t remember that.
Now here’s the thing. In any other situation I would have been focused on Amber, in winning her over. For whatever the reason, (I guess that’s the way love works, though my mom would say it’s infatuation and my dad would call it hormones unleashed) I wanted her to love me and I wanted to love her. And she’d given me just enough hints that my hope was standing firm that soon it would happen, you know, let it loose, let the chained desire and emotions fly. And this was my chance—after all, wonderful and impossible fate had brought us together, united us in this mission, this quest that could, that surely was meant to, bring us together in a unique, special life-long bond. But that night, those thoughts, those yearnings were pushed aside. The quest to save Sky was the only thing that mattered; delusions reigned supreme. And I’d left her crying in her mother’s wrecked SUV. I know, not a smart move. The meds, of course.
It was very nearly dark when my body shook and my eyes opened, Amber’s hand was on my shoulder and her face was close enough to mine to feel her breath. “I hate you. You know I hate you.” Her tone, which often was harsh, her way of putting up a fortified barrier she did not want breached, now declared fear and worry and relief and, of course, a very strong dose of justified anger.
“Kiss me,” I said. 
Her lovely oversized golden eyes rolled all the way around and she punched me hard on the arm. “You crash my mom’s car, you leave me there crying my eyes out and run … hobble off leaving me alone. Kiss you? I’ll … murder you.” Something in her rather wobbly declaration seemed to be hiding a hidden desire to care, to unite, to embrace as more than friends. Maybe that was more of my opiate emboldened delusion.
“Sorry. I’m sorry. I’m useless, I’m an idiot. I’m not thinking straight. It’s the …”
“The Percocet? Don’t keep blaming that.”
“Yeah, well, but … no, it’s my having to fix this. It’s all my fault, everything. Your brother going crazy, Sky not being here. Making you miserable, making you do this crazy thing. I’m sorry. But I had to try … try this, find him, and fixing it. Don’t hate me.”
Amber drew her brow down and shook her head. “Well, I do hate you. Why shouldn’t I? You are an idiot.” Then, she leaned over and kissed me; her soft, warm lips on mine, lingering just long enough to tell me that she did care, did like me, and really liked me. “Okay, get up already. We have to figure out what we’re going to do.”
Kiss me again, longer. That’s what I wanted to say. “Camp out in your car, I guess,” I said as I forced myself to gently roll over and get up onto my knees, protecting fragile ribs that still protested with each breath. “This is a mess. Isn’t it?”
“Look.” Amber whispered as she helped me to an upright stance. Over my shoulder, two wobbling pinpoint lights were becoming brighter. “Let’s go. Let’s get out of here.”
“Wait,” I said. It had to be him. My delusion honored, my delusion become reality. “It’s him. He found us.” I waved. “Hello?”
The two pinpoint lights approached and soon revealed the slight outline of an old man, a flashlight held in one hand a staff in the other and a miner’s flashlight strapped around his forehead. “My goodness. You two are very determined. Follow me.” He turned and started his hike up a mountain path that became more and more unfriendly; a path that had no time for strangers, outsiders. With no more words spoken, he led us up to a small clearing inhabited by a rustic hut that could have been the focal point of a bad horror movie, foreshadowing certain doom, leaving moviegoers wondering why any rational human would be stupid enough to enter the doomed cabin of death. 
“Sit.” Soars With Eagles said. He smiled as he motioned towards a bare wooden bench by a fireplace where the embers were having their last hurrah. He picked one and then another log and gently placed them on the fire with the care you might use in putting a young baby in his cot for the night. Removing the flashlight from his head he sat in an oversized rocking chair that had a multi-colored blanket draped over it, he pulled the corners of the blanket over his shoulders like a robe fit for royalty. “It’s hard for an old man to keep warm. The coming winter will be a cruel one. One that will fight against the survival of this old man. But I am ready for what winter wants from me.” He leaned forward slightly. “You are Alex, and you are Amber. I am Soars With Eagles. Sky talked of you on his journey here.” The old warrior leaned back and shook his head in a way that declared wisdom and an uncanny knowing. “Sky. He was so eager. So wanting. Trying too hard. Too hard to create and not to be.” 
“He … He’s …”
“We know. And it is clear why you are here. Sky introduced you into a forbidden world, forbidden not because it is evil, but because it is meant to be hidden lest it is misused, dishonored. Unfortunately, Sky had misused the gift, the call. And here you are. Trying to alter the pain that has been created. You have a request, a noble request in your eyes. But the consequences of such a request you do not and cannot understand.”
“But you can save him …”
“Alex. In your brokenness, you venture out; you find your way here, trusting in things you do not understand. Your love for Sky is touching; a love so real is rare. But here is a question you need to ponder. To save Sky, would mean pain for others unknown. Others would be sacrificed. Going back, saving your brother, meant many more individuals and many more families suffered who were not meant to suffer. And now Sky has made a sacrifice to fix that which was not meant to be. Now, here is the reality, in this request you bring before me, you would choose Sky over others, over your brother, over, may I say, over Amber.”
“No. Stop. That’s not true. We could go back to the day before Sky died. Do it from there. That’s what we want. Just that day.”
“I am sorry. I cannot do that.  I will not create a reality that is not meant to be. Too many ripples had already been unleashed. Too many alternate realities. Dreamweaver is meant to aid a small community, the clan. Sky, in his eagerness to fulfill his destiny, lost sight of this. Alex, this is what I can offer, only this, a return to what was meant to be. For Sky to live, you must let history accomplish what had been determined.”
“You’re saying I have to die. You’d let me commit suicide. You’d let Adrian and the others die. That’s … it doesn’t make sense. I don’t understand. That’s evil. Let us save Sky. Why can’t you do that?” Amber’s tears welled up quickly, and she let them fall freely. “That’s horrible. You’re horrible.”
“We must not employ Time Bending based on romanticism. Yes, it is cruel, young Amber. Life is full of cruelty we must accept. To avoid suffering is to avoid being human, which is impossible.” He smiled. Soars With Eagles’ words seemed so harsh, even inhuman—but his eyes were soft, pure, kind, wise and his smile reflected the wisdom of one who knows and lives by eternal truths. 
Tears appeared suddenly and streamed down my face. I’m not sure what emotion created these tears: grief, anger, disbelief, sadness, or maybe helplessness. I don’t know. But I know desperation beat uncontrollably in my heart. “Tell me what to do. What do I have to do to let him, let them all live? I’ll do anything. It’s all my fault, my mistakes, my failure. Let me try to fix it. Let me be the one, the one who has to die.”
“It is a very noble thing to lay down one’s life for one’s friend. There is no greater love than this. But Alex, here is what you need to understand. That the best we can now do, is to now accept this reality.”
“No. No. I won’t.” Sobs muffled my words.
“Sky. He would not, does not want you to rob him of the sacrifice he made to save you. He knows he has fulfilled a noble calling and he would not trade this, the call to give his life for his friends. He has embraced his destiny. Let your love for him be seen in the acceptance of his gift of life to you.” 
This man was like none I’ve known or even heard of. How can one man’s words be so loving and cutting at the same moment in time? How can one man’s words pierce the heart and attest so clearly to truths that are obscure to the caring but nevertheless selfish heart? Sky had given me a gift, a sacrifice. My call was to accept his sacrifice and to live my life in light of this gift—his life, his death. My tears continued, but their source, their reason to be, shifted. The emotions they now honored were clear: love, gratitude and hope for what could be.  “You … you never would have … bent time, Dreamweaved for us. Would you?”
“You searched for me out of love, out of hope and out of faith for something noble. It is not changing the past you desire. It is discovery that you seek. As Sky found and fulfilled his calling, so will you. And young one, you have discovered your calling, your destiny. Sky enabled you to do that. Now follow your call. Go home and follow your call.”
“I don’t know what you mean. What do you mean?” 
“Continue your quest, Alex. Continue your quest. You know what that is.”
“I don’t.” He was speaking in riddles, teasing me. In reality, he only meant to push me, challenge me and feed my confidence; but I would only understand that later. 
He smiled, nodded and whispered. “You know. Embrace it. Live it. And for you Amber,” he looked at her and reached out his hand inviting her to rise and approach his most humble throne, “My heart breaks for your broken heart. Know that healing is taking place; it takes place as you dare to care, to love, to be you. I can see you’re so tired of hiding, tired of being so alone. You carry so much that need not be carried, it is your fear that keeps you from letting go and moving on, from being you.”
“You … you don’t know me. How can you … I don’t need this.” Amber wiped a desperate tear from her left eye with her sleeve. 
“Young Amber. Your eyes say so very much about the hurts, there, deep within your soul and spirit. Dear one, it is time to retrieve your soul, your spirit. Let your chained spirit free.”
“You don’t make sense. Does he, Alex? No sense at all.”
I wanted to stand up, to reach out and embrace her, show her she is loved and lovable.  But knew I shouldn’t, I couldn’t. That’s not the way I am. But that’s not the way I wanted to be, so I stood up and hugged her, long and firm, close to her broken heart. I whispered, “He makes so much sense. He is so right, and you know it. You don’t have to push everyone away, you’re … worthy, you’re so lovable. Quit hating yourself and dare to let others care.” 
She nestled next to my chest for a moment longer, then stiffened and pushed me back and looked into my eyes. “I can’t. But I want to.”
“That’s all you need right now. That’s all you need.” I said taking her hand and squeezing it gently before letting go.
“You are so welcome to stay this night. I have only soup and bread for supper, and only a warm spot on the floor in front of the fire to rest and sleep. In the morning we shall sort out your vehicle and get you on your way home.”
Amber went outside, trying to find a signal so she could text her mom. I sat on the bench in front of the fire slowly, but determinedly, gaining strength. Soars With Eagles carefully placed another log on it. I could have lived in that one moment forever. It was safe, it was peaceful. It was fulfilling in ways I cannot explain and still do not understand. But it was a joyful moment, a joyful beginning. A joyful beginning that promised to make sense of the grief that still gripped my heart. Amber came back in, nodded that she was successful, sat beside me, and slid her arm around my shoulders. The fire’s warmth enveloped us as Soars With Eagles prepared his humble supper. “You in trouble?” I asked, feeling extremely guilty.
“What do you think? Wait till she sees her SUV.” She shrugged her shoulders, “She’ll get over it like she always does.”   





CHAPTER THIRTY

“Get your hair out of your face, Taylor. If I tell you again you’ll have chair time.” That’s what one of the mental health techs barked out as we came down the corridor for visitation. You’d think someone working in the mental health field would be a little more caring, at least a little more tactful. Taylor let out a roar and quickly flicked his hair back. That’s when he saw us coming down the hallway. I didn’t know how he’d respond—anger, rage, shame, guilt or indifference? I braced for rage. 
“What’s he doing here, Amber?” he asked as his hair fell back over his face. He turned and walked toward the day room where the TV was blaring as zoned out teenagers watched an episode of SpongeBob. 
“Get over there, Taylor! That’s not how you treat visitors. Now!” yelled the same overbearing tech, in case you wondered. 
Taylor let out another roar, threw his hands up and defiantly stomped toward the dining area banging his butt down hard on the fixed stool at one of several round dining room tables. “What do you want?” Taylor refused to look at either of us. 
That mean voice barreled out again, “Hair, Taylor!” 
He swept his bangs aside and glanced at Amber, but refused to look my way. His head bent down until it nearly rested on the table. No doubt, if hoodies were allowed on the psych ward, he would have disappeared in its comforting embrace. 
“We’ve come to see how you are. How are you?” I know, that was lame, but what do you say to someone in the hospital, in the crazy ward? 
“Taylor look up. Talk to us. We’re worried about you. You can make an effort to talk to us,” Amber said, attempting to prop his head up with no success.
“I’ll talk to you. I won’t talk to him. Why’s he here anyway?”
“Because I …”
“Because he cares about you, Taylor. You know he does.” Amber finished my sentence. A bit irritating, I have to say. But it was probably best she did. 
“Well, he shouldn’t.” He looked up at me through his black mane. His gaze lingered, at least I think it did, as I could not see his eyes. And this I know, his body jerked back a bit. It was the first time he witnessed the damage he had bestowed upon me. Nearly inaudibly he muttered, “What happened to him?” 
“You know you did that to him. You know that,” Amber whispered.
“I didn’t,” he said with just a very slight hint of guilt. 
I drew in a breath and prepared to give the speech I’d rehearsed in my head way too many times. “Taylor, I’m not upset. I’m not mad. It was my fault that I hurt you and you wanted to hurt me. I shouldn’t have treated you that way. You’re my friend. I see you as my friend. I really do. I’m sorry I hurt you. I’m your friend.”
“No you’re not. You’re like the rest of them. You think I’m crazy. You hate me.” His head went down and hovered again near the table. 
“No, I don’t. I am your friend. No matter what, I’m your friend. For life.”
He raised his head and pulled his black mop aside and raised a finger towards my face. “I … I’m … I didn’t do that, did I?”
Amber took his hand which was nestled up his long sleeve sweater. “Tee, no one knows that you did that to Alex. No one knows what you did to Sky. No one needs to know. It’s our secret. We want to make sure you don’t get in trouble. That you just get help.”
“Is he okay? Sky? I don’t care. But is he okay?”
“He’s …”
My turn to interrupt, “He’s okay. He just wants you to get better.”
In a hushed, carefully guarded tone, Amber said, “Don’t Alex. He needs to know. Taylor, Sky’s … dead. I know you didn’t mean to and no one will ever know. No one will ever know. You just have to get better. That’s all we want.”
“What do you mean? He’s dead?”
Amber said, “You know what that means. You hurt people when you’re angry, Taylor. You can’t keep hurting people.”
“You said Sky changed things. So change it now. Just change it, if you want.”
Change it. That’s what Sky said in a different reality: I can change things. I can change it. So it didn’t happen. I can. What if your brother didn’t die? If he was still alive? You’d be happy again. Eh?  What if Sky didn’t die? If he was still alive. I’d be happy again. No. Honor his destiny, his gift. Acceptance of the pain, the sorrow. Acceptance of what life gives us and what death robs us of. Acceptance. Embrace this reality. “It doesn’t want to be changed. We … can’t change it, not this time, not anymore. We have to go on from here. We can do it together.” I reached over and patted Taylor’s arm, which he instinctively jerked back.
“I’ll never get out of here, will I? Mom said I have to stay here forever, that I can never go home again. I don’t care. I’ll stay here forever.” Taylor had moved his hair to the side and held it while he said this. He was examining our responses; he was unwittingly saying he did care.
“Mom says that every time you come into the hospital. She’ll get over it. Don’t feel sorry for yourself. Just get help.”
“What does that mean, get help? Get help. Get help. This is a stupid place, I hate it.”
“I know. But you need help so you can control your anger better, and to help you understand people better.”
“I know all that. Did I really kill Sky? I didn’t do that did I?”
“It was an accident. You didn’t mean to. It was terrible. But you didn’t mean to. And never, never tell anybody about that night.” Amber grabbed his left shoulder and squeezed hard. “You understand that? They will put you away for a very long time and it will be a hell of a lot worse than this place. No one knows what happened and no one needs to know.” 
“I heard you the first time, stupid.” Taylor turned his head far to the left as if he was intently watching the dozen or so patients gawking at the TV. “Am I a bad person? I am, aren’t I? I should say I’m sorry, shouldn’t I? I’m sorry … to … everybody. Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody.” Taylor’s torso slumped forward and his head hit the table with a slight thud. He clasped his hands behind his head pushing his face hard onto the table, but the muffled wails releasing his hidden guilt, shame and sorrow could not be silenced. Taylor tried to turn his cries into anger and rage, he tried to roar like a lion, but he could not stop these foreign emotions from having their way. Wails and tears kept coming. Healing tears; tears that allowed chained emotions freedom. The mean tech came over and asked what was wrong. Amber told him Taylor just wanted to go home and thinks his mom doesn’t want him home. He grunted an Oh and muttered that Taylor shouldn’t be such a cry baby as he returned to the day area. 
“Let it out, Tee. Let it go. Be upset, be hurt, be sorry. Good for you,” I said and went to the other side of the table and put my arm around his heaving back. “I like to see you have emotions other than anger. You need to be sorry, so you can hear it when we say we forgive you. Amber forgives you. Sky forgives you. I forgive you.”
“No you don’t.” The muffled words were just audible.
“We do. We do,” we said in unison. 
Then Taylor shocked us. He slowly stood up and slid his arms around me and put his head on my shoulder and dug his shoulder hard against my chest. It was hard to get my words out in the midst of the immense bear hug. “When you get home, we’re going to hang out. We’re going to go every Saturday morning and listen to the sirens. Aren’t we, Amber?”
“Sure are.” And the three of us embraced until the mean tech shouted at us to stop and declared that we needed to go.
***
This is not where I wanted the story to end. Was it supposed to end this way? I don’t know. Had we created a reality that wasn’t meant to be and could change the lives of children being born in China or Chile? You know, the Butterfly Effect. Or maybe it was meant to be: Sky changing the past, altering its path and thus fulfilling his destiny. But what if Adrian was meant to die? And Amber? In them receiving the gift of life, have other unknowns been robbed of their rights, their destinies? Were ripples created that we will never know about? Are there other Dreamweavers out there who may yet change what has been changed? I don’t know the answer to such dilemmas. But I know this—my destiny in this reality I’ve been given is what I now embrace—to care, to give, to help, to change what I can change, alter what I can alter. That is the destiny Sky’s gift awakened in me. 
***
Sky was a dreamer, a savior, a hero—even though he never realized this. Oh, he never should have used the gift in ways forbidden; he never should have offered me, my brother and Amber a second chance. But he did. And I have told you the story. Make what you will of it. Don’t believe it. I wouldn’t, somedays I still don’t. But Sky lives on through those he saved. I know that with all my heart.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Nathan Bassett, a native of Oklahoma, has traveled far and wide, living in several states, various parts of England, and in Zimbabwe and South Africa. He has worked as a teacher in a Bible school, pastored churches in England and the States and currently resides in Oklahoma as a counselor working with adolescents, families, and adults in inpatient and outpatient settings. His novels reflect on his vast experiences working with teens and adults and capture the grittiness of our real-life struggles and the hope that always resides in the human spirit, which, though sometimes lost, is always waiting to be reborn. 


cbassett1955.cb@gmail.com


Also by Nathan Bassett


THE SMOKE THAT TUNDERS

“I refuse to let them strip me of love, of hope—of humanity. That is what they want. And, Peter, we must, and we can pray for them.”

Early on in life, Peter and Chad decided not to care about the world around them ... albeit for very different reasons. Chad took great pride in being a self-absorbed, pretty-boy. Peter, a has-been hippie, worked hard to disappear into his own world. A flip of a coin drew them into an unlikely friendship their first year at university.  A year later, they befriended a white South African exchange student. Concerned about their self-centered view of the world he invited them to join him in South Africa.

This year in Africa forces them to face the realities of oppression and cruelty, and of hope and love. However, both begin to see these realities from very different perspectives; perspectives that threaten their friendship and in the end shapes their futures.

'The Smoke That Thunders' explores the quest for friendship, love, and forgiveness in the midst of human frailty and cruelty. It is a journey towards hope—hope that we can find faith in ourselves and in something much greater.






LIFE SO PERFECT

Maddie kissed Joe's cheek and whispered, "Steven’s not crazy, Joe, he’s damaged. He’s hurt and broken, like everyone in this place. We're all broken, but never ever ruined.”

Joe was determined not to make any friends—not while he was in a psychiatric hospital, where everyone around him was crazy. His only concern was dealing with his own inner demons, demons that insisted death was his best option. That's why he latched on to Steven, his schizophrenic roommate who was considered the social leper among the crazies on the adolescent psych ward. Hanging around that angry and deranged sixteen-year-old Native American meant everyone else would leave him alone, that's what Joe wanted.

When Steven invited Maddie, a habitual liar, and long-time cutter, to join them at dinner one evening, everything changed. The lives of these three hurting and broken teenagers would become reluctantly entwined and lead to an unpredictable course of events where they would have to depend on one another to survive

Found on:
www.smashwords.com/books/view/40845


