THE RISE OF THE SUN
Just do it!
By Maryann Duru
Copyright 2020 Maryann Duru
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed reading this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
The events written in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to any person, institution or events is merely coincidental.
Chapter 1
Riele was sitting in front of her closet, thinking of the perfect dress to wear to school the following day. Her room looked more structured than an average teenager’s room, made up of few sculptures and artistic paintings, all hung on a plain white wall. The closet was in an ugly state, clothes were littered on the floor and her bed was completely covered with different clothes. Riele looked like she just woke up and her hair looked like that of a hedgehog.
Riele’s mother, Nancy walked in with a shopping bag, she looked around the room with a confused expression and asked,
“Oh my! Did a racoon visit your closet? Why do you look homeless?” 
“Mum! You are back. I’m so confused, I don’t know what to wear to school tomorrow” Riele replied, ignoring Nancy’s questions.
Nancy said “You didn’t answer my questions, but anyway, I got you something. I stopped by the mall to get you this blue dress, since you will be resuming tomorrow.”
Nancy handed the bag over to Riele. As soon as Riele opened it, she smiled sheepishly and hugged Nancy.
“Thank you mummy, you are the best mum ever.” She said.
“You’re welcome,” Nancy replied “Now go freshen up, arrange that closet of yours and come help me prepare dinner.”
Riele smiled as she watched her mother leave her room.

Riele Tomike Oladele; a 17-year-old Nigerian, who resides in Ontario, Canada. She is dark, skinny and tall. She is in her senior year in high school; an ambivert who loves to draw, paint and dance. Riele is from a family of four, an average Yoruba family, trying to stay true and authentic to their culture, while living in the diaspora. Her parents are Jackson Oladele and Nancy Oladele, two business moguls working at different reputable firms, ranking at different respectable and influential positions in their offices. Her baby sister, Cydni Tolani Oladele, a playful and frolicsome 4-year-old. She is a courageous little girl who can be very sweet, and very sarcastic as well.
Nancy and Riele prepared dinner and when it was served, they called Jackson and Cydni to the table. Potato chips and tomato egg sauce was served along sides with fried chicken. Cutleries clicked as they all ate, fully concentrated on their plates and Cydni asked,
“Mummy, can I have some more chips please?”
“Yes baby” Nancy replied and used a fork to put more chips into Cydni’s plate.
“Riele, how do you feel about being in your last year in high school?” Jackson asked.
“It’s kind of nerve wrecking daddy,” Riele replied. “I’m excited to see some of my friends but I’m nervous because I’m going to be writing my final exams soon.”
“Hmm, you have to start preparing for your finals, so you can get scholarships into college,” He said, “By the way, have you made up your mind on the university to attend?”
“Not yet.” She replied, looking at her mother.
Nancy smiled, “Sweet heart, give her some more time.”
Jackson looked intently at Riele and focused on his meal.
Chapter 2
It was 6:15am the following day, Riele finally woke up as the alarm clock rang for the third time. She sat up on her bed, checked the time on her phone and rushed to the bathroom almost immediately to have her bath. She got out of the bathroom, packed her bag and prepared for school. Riele was fully dressed in her blue gown, she wore a sandal and combed her hair out in form of an afro, she grabbed her bag pack and rushed downstairs for breakfast. Getting there, she saw Cydni and Nancy having breakfast on the dining table, she greeted them and Nancy exclaimed,
“Wow! This gown really looks good on you, I’m glad I bought it.”
“Thanks mum,” Riele replied with a smile on her face, she checked her phone and exclaimed, “Oh my! I have to go catch the school bus. I can’t afford to be late on my first day.” She said as she grabbed her lunch pack and ran towards the front door.
“But you haven’t had breakfast.” Nancy said.
Riele ran to the front door and opened it, “Don’t worry about me mum, I’ll be fine. Thanks for my lunch, I love you.” She said, smiled at them and closed the door.

“Green Ville Highschool”
Riele walked down the hallway, towards her locker, opened the locker, kept her lunch bag and a few books, and headed to class. Riele was sitting on the third seat at the extreme left of the class when Riele’s best friend, Jeiel, walked up to her excitedly. Jeiel Yetunde; a dark-skinned Yoruba girl from Nigeria. She is a dramatic extrovert, a plump average heighted melanin queen, who loves to brag about her exotic culture and is always proud of her skin color.
“Hey bestie!” Jeiel called out.
“Jeiel!” Riele exclaimed and hugged her “I’m so happy to see you, it’s been like forever.” She added gesturing with her hands.
“Yeah, me too!” Jeiel replied “I’ve missed you so much, you’ve lost some pounds.” She added with a slight frown on her face.
“I tried to be vegan for a while and after two months, your girl couldn’t take it anymore.” Riele said.
Jeiel laughed aloud, “You tried to be vegan? Unbelievable.” She asked.
“What do you mean?” Riele asked.
“Riele, you are a Nigerian, how did you think you were going to cope, when your mum can’t cook a meal without an animal in it.” Jeiel said.
“My parents didn’t really complain.” Riele said, “The only thing my mum said was ‘nigba ti o ba  pada si awon iye-ara re, iwo yoo darapo mo wa. Vegan ni carnivore kor’. (means: when you return to your senses, you will join us.)”
Jeiel smiled, “That is what an average Nigerian mother would say.” She said.
They talked for a while until Damian, a plump Canadian with freckles on his face, one of Riele’s classmates, walked up to them.
“Hey ladies! What’s up?” He asked.
“Damian! I’m surprised to see you here.” Jeiel said.
“Why are you surprised?” He asked.
“I heard you moved, so I assumed you’ll change your school,” Jeiel said.
 Riele looked at Jeiel, “He only moved few blocks away from his previous house Jeiel.” Riele said.
 “Oh! I didn’t know that,” Jeiel said.
“Damian, how was your break? Did you travel to the Caribbean with your parents?” Riele asked.
“No, I didn’t,” He replied. “I spent the entire summer with my cousins in Vancouver. Did you guys notice the extra seat at the back?” He asked.
“Yes, I heard we have a new classmate coming on transfer from Leicester.” Jeiel replied.
Damian looked around, “Let me go grab a seat, see you guys later.” He said.
As soon as Damian left for his seat, the mathematics teacher walked in and everyone took their seats. The class ended after two hours of straight mathematics and the Literature teacher walked in some moments later. Classes ended, Riele bided her friends, goodbye, got on the school bus and headed home.
~~~
Riele was on her reading table, trying to get her assignment done. She checked the time on her phone, realized it was time for dinner and no one was back home. She dropped her pen, closed her laptop and rushed downstairs to the kitchen to prepare dinner.
It was almost 7pm and Riele was half way done cooking. The doorbell rang and she went to get the door. As she opened the door, Cydni jumped on her.
“Hey Cyd! Did you have a fun day at school?”
“Yeah,” Cydni replied, “I drew a cat and an elephant today.” She added with a grin.
“Oh! That’s good,” Riele said as she played with Cydni’s cheeks. Riele looked at her mother as she walked into the house with exhaustion written all over her. “Welcome mum.” She said.
“Hi baby. I can perceive fish, are you preparing dinner?” Nancy asked.
“Yes mum,” Riele replied, “It was almost time for dinner and you weren’t back, so I decided to do it.”
Nancy said, “Thanks honey, I’m just going to bath Cydni, take a shower and join you in the kitchen.”
Just then, the doorbell rang. Nancy looked at Riele, “I think your dad is back, go get the door.” She said.
Riele opened the door, “Hi Daddy.” She said
“Hey princess, how are you?” He asked, unknotting his tie as he walked into the house. 
“I’m fine daddy.” She replied.
“Oh! That fish smells good.” He said.
“Thank you, I’m preparing dinner” Riele said.
“Nice.”, He replied, smiling sheepishly as he climbed up the stairs.
“Dinner”
Seafood pasta was served with tiny prawns and fish. The dinning was quiet as everyone ate their meal and Jackson broke the silence.
“Hmm! Riele, this food is delicious. Right honey?” He asked, referring to Nancy.
“It’s so delicious,” She replied in Yoruba, “Mo n nko ni daradara o si di alamodaju.” (means: I’m teaching her well and she’s are becoming an expert.), She added in Yoruba, referring to Riele.
“Thank you” Riele said, blushing as she rolled her pasta with her fork.
“How was your day Cydni?” Jackson asked.
“Fine daddy, I drew an elephant and a cat today”. Cydni replied.
“You did? That’s amazing.” He said. “How was school Riele? What did the first day of being a senior in high school feel like?” He asked.
“It felt good,” Riele replied, “I have a mathematics assignment due tomorrow and I haven’t gone half way.” She added.
“Ah! Assignment already? Pele o.” He said.
Nancy dropped her cutleries, signaled Jackson with her eyes and said, “Riele, your dad and I were thinking, since you are already seventeen, maybe you could register for driving lessons. What do you think?” She asked.
Riele drank few gulps of water and looked at her parents in surprise, wondering if she had heard right, “That will be amazing.” She finally said with a huge grin on her face.
Chapter 3
It was 7:23am on Wednesday and Riele was up and ready for school, wearing a Nike top, a pair of jeans and her favorite snickers. She packed her hair in a bun, grabbed her bag pack and went downstairs for breakfast.
“Green Ville high school”
Riele got into the class, said hi to her friends as walked to her seat. Jeiel walked into the class, kept her bag pack beside her seat and walked to Riele’s seat in excitement. 
“Hi bestie, guess what?” She asked, smiling happily.
“Hi, why are you so excited?” Riele asked.
“I just saw our new class mate, he was in the principal’s office.” She replied.
“New classmate?” Riele asked.
“Yes, the transfer student I told you and Damian about the other day.” She said.
“Oh! The transfer student,” Riele said, “Is that why you are this excited, like you just won a trophy or a million dollars? By the way, what were you doing at the principal’s office?” She asked.
“I went to the rest room to adjust my trousers and on my way back, I followed walk way 2. As I walked past the principal’s office, I saw her talking to a very tall, handsome and cute guy,” She replied, gesturing dramatically with her hands “He held our prospectus and few of our text books, that was how I knew he is our class mate.”
Riele smiled as she watched her dramatic best friend exaggerate as usual, “So, that’s what you came to tell me.”
“Yes,” Jeiel replied, “I only saw his back view but I could tell that he is very cute, tall and intelligent.”
“You are such a weirdo, Jeiel.” Riele said, shaking her head as she smiled.
“He is going to be the talk of the school for the next few days.” Jeiel added excitedly.
The literature teacher walked in and the classes began for the day.
“Good morning class,” The literature teacher said, “The last time I was here, we talked about figures of speech, which are; Hyperbole, Simile, Oxymoron, Irony, et cetera. Now…”
Suddenly, the principal walked in with a fair tall boy, who was about six foot tall. The class greeted her in unison and she said.
“Excuse me Mr. smith. Good morning class, this is Trevor Daniels, he is a transfer student from Leicester, United Kingdom. He will be joining you all in this class, so try to be friendly and show him around the school when you are less busy. That reminds me, there has been a little adjustment in your curriculum. Music has been added to it and your time table will be adjusted. You will be having the classes on Fridays starting from this week at the former gym hall. Thanks Mr. smith and have a nice day class.”
The whole class stared at Trevor as he went to sit on the empty seat, which was right next to where Riele was sitted. Few girls around him blushed while staring at him except Riele who was struggling to get her pen out from the edge of the window. Mr. smith noticed that Riele was struggling and asked.
“Riele, is everything okay?”
“Yes sir,” She replied, “I’m just trying to get my pen”.
“Okay,” He said, “Trevor Daniels, you are welcome to Green Ville high school. My name is Dave Smith and I’m your Literature teacher.”
The literature class continued till the next hour. As the teacher left the class, Trevor turned to Riele and said.
“Hi, I’m Trevor Daniels but my friends call me Tee.”
“My name is Riele,” She replied.
“So, I’m your new seat mate huh?” He asked, trying to start a conversation.
“Yeah” She replied nonchalantly.
After a while, she noticed that she had forgotten her highlighter at home, she remembered that Jeiel owned a bad full of highlighters and decided to ask her. As she stood up to go meet her bestie, she noticed that Trevor was smiling at her, and in a very low tone, she said in Yoruba.
“Se ti eyi fi n rerin si mi bi asiwere?” (means: why is this one smiling at me like a fool?)
“Did you say something?” Trevor asked.
“No, I was just thinking out loud,” She said and smiled innocently as she walked to Jeiel’s seat.
Classes ended for the day and Riele bided her friends goodbye, including Trevor, got on the school bus and headed home.
Chapter 4
Riele, Nafi, Jeiel and Skai were sitting together in the cafeteria, having lunch when Nafi said,
“Everyone is talking about the new guy in our class. People say he doesn’t talk much and I’ve also heard rumors that he is an introvert.”
“He is new here,” Jeiel said, “You don’t expect him to be friends with everyone. He’s still trying to adapt.”
“Jeiel, you are talking like you’ve known him for years” Riele teased.
“Any way, introvert or not, I like him. He’ll be perfect as my prom date, right?” Nafi asked.
“Stop day dreaming Nafi,” Jeiel replied, “We are not half way through the first semester yet and you are already thinking about prom.”
“Speaking of the devil.” Skai said drawing their attention to the entrance of the cafeteria.
Trevor walked into the cafeteria, he looked around and saw Riele sitting with her friends at one corner of the cafeteria. He walked up to where she sat.
“Hey Riri, what’s up?” He asked.
“Hi Trevor,” Riele replied as she sipped water from her water bottle.
“Did you come to the music class? I didn’t see you there.” He said.
“Yes, I got in late so I sat at the back.” She replied.
“Okay, see you in class.” Trevor said, smiled and winked at Riele before leaving to have his lunch.
“What just happened? Riele, you and Trevor are friends and you didn’t tell us?” Jeiel asked excitedly.
“We’re just seat mates Jeiel.” She replied.
“Just seat mates and he called you ‘riri’ and winked at you?” Jeiel asked.
Riele smiled, “That’s just a thing he does.” She said.
“Whatever, you have to make an introduction when we get back to class.” Jeiel said and they continued to have their lunch.
After lunch, classes continued. The last class was geography and they were given individual project assignments. Riele was on her seat, packing up her books and stuff, getting ready to go home when Jeiel walked up to her and asked.
“Hey bestie, aren’t you leaving yet?”
“Yeah,” Riele replied, “Let me just pack up my things.”
“Riele!” Trevor called out.
“Yeah.” Riele replied.
“How do you submit projects here? Do you print them out and memorize them for a presentation? Or do you just print them out and submit” Trevor asked.
“Memorize them?” Jeiel asked. “No way,” She added. “We print them out and submit them at the due date.”
“Okay.” Trevor replied.
Riele stared at the both of them and then remembered that she had to make an official introduction. “Trevor, this is my best friend Jeiel. Jeiel, my seatmate, Trevor.”
“Nice to meet you Jeiel,” Trevor said.
“Nice to meet you too,” Jeiel replied.
“I have to go, see you girls on Monday.” Trevor said as he grabbed his books.
Riele smiled, “Bye Tee.” She said.
As soon as Trevor left, Jeiel glared at Riele and asked. “Hmm, is there something you are not telling me?”
“Something like what?” Riele asked.
“Never mind, I need your help.” Jeiel said.
Riele looked at her intently, “No Jeiel, I’m not doing your project with you.” She said.
“C’mon, you didn’t give me a chance to ask.” Jeiel said, “You know I hate geography and I’m not good at it.”
“Okay, here is what we will do,” Riele said, “I have a text book at home and all the answers to the project is in there.”
“Great,” Jeiel said. “I’ll follow you home to get it.” She added, smiling happily.
~~~
Jeiel followed Riele home on the school bus. Getting home, they met Nancy and Cydni in the living room and they all exchanged pleasantries.
“Riele, can you help me put those Cydni’s clothes in the washing machine?” Nancy asked, pointing at a pile of clothes in a basket, beside the stairs. 
“Okay mum.” Riele replied.
“Jeiel long time no see, how are your parents?” Nancy asked.
“They are all fine ma’am,” Jeiel replied.
“How is school? How are you guys enjoying your senior year?” Nancy asked.
“School is getting very intense, another subject was added to our curriculum and we had the first class today.” Jeiel said.
“What subject is that?” Nancy asked.
“Music,” She replied.
“Wow!” Nancy exclaimed, “Riele didn’t tell me about it.”
“She probably forgot,” Jeiel replied, “We have a new student on transfer from the UK, his name is Trevor. He doesn’t really talk to people, he only talks to Riele. He has been the topic of the class since he arrived.”
Just then, Riele walked into the living room where they were. Nancy looked at Riele, smiled and asked,
“Trevor huh?”
Riele was shocked, she glared at Jeiel and said,
“Mum, it’s not_.”
 “Tomike, I’m going out.” Nancy said, interrupting Riele. “I’ll talk to you when I get back. My regards to your parents Jeiel.” She added as she grabbed her wallet and her car keys.
“Okay ma’am.” Jeiel replied.
As soon as Nancy left the house, Riele faced Jeiel and said.
“Jeiel I’m finished, what did you tell my mum about Trevor? You know she gets very dramatic and emotional when it comes to boys around me.”
“I just told her that he’s a new student and he doesn’t talk to anyone except you.” Jeiel replied.
“Except me?” Riele yelled, “Didn’t you speak to him before we left the school?” She asked.
“Calm down, Riele,” Jeiel said, “You are over reacting. Besides, your mum smiled at you before leaving so you are not in any kind of trouble. I don’t understand why you are panicking.” She added.
“You don’t understand Jeiel,” Riele said, “My mum refers to me as ‘Tomike’ when I’m in trouble or when I’ve done something wrong and that smile wasn’t real, Jeiel I’m finished.”
“Please just calm down and stop yelling,” Jeiel said, “Calm down! By the way, your tribal name is really nice.” She looked at the ceiling and said ‘Tomike’ gesturing dramatically with all seriousness. 
Riele smiled and replied, “You are unbelievable.”
“I know right?” Jeiel smiled, “Please where is the textbook? I have to get going before it gets too late.”
“It’s in my room.” Riele replied. 
They both climbed the stairs to Riele’s room, got the book and headed back to the living room.
“You are going to accompany me to the bus stop right?” Jeiel asked.
“No way, I can’t leave Cydni at home alone.” Riele replied.
“Okay,” Jeiel said, “Are you still mad at me?” She asked.
“Of course, I’m still mad,” Riele playfully yelled.
 “I’m sorry” Jeiel apologized, “Thanks for the book, I’ll return it tomorrow. Love you.”
Riele smiled as she accompanied Jeiel to the door.
~~~
The Oladeles were having dinner on the table when Jackson said.
“Mm, this food is delicious.”
“Thanks honey,” Nancy replied.
“I spoke with Grandma in Nigeria today and she sends her regards,” He said, “I was thinking, since we would both be on vacation in December, maybe we could travel to Nigeria for Christmas, what do you think Honey?”
“Wow!” Nancy exclaimed, “That would be really nice, we haven’t had a warm Christmas in a long time.” She said.
“I miss Grandma too,” Cydni said.
“It should be fun,” Riele added, “It’s not a bad idea and we would also get to meet with some of our extended family members.”
Jackson said, “So, I take that as a yes.”
Nancy looked at Jackson and asked,
“Do you remember Tiffany Hudson? My former colleague at work.”
“Yes, the tall lady.” Jackson replied.
“Exactly,” Nancy said, “Her company got a contract with the Canadian government. She will be celebrating it at dinner tomorrow with close friends and family and we all got invited.”
Jackson exclaimed, “Ah! Egbami ki alleluia! So, she finally has her own company. Inu mi dun fun u, (means: I’m happy for her.)”
“Yes o,” Nancy said, “Tomike, you will start your driving lessons tomorrow and you have to be back before 5:00pm, so we can all prepare for Tiffany’s dinner.”
“Okay mum, thank you.” Riele replied.
Riele was in the kitchen, washing the dishes after dinner and her mom, Nancy walked in.
“Mum, you said you wanted to speak to me earlier. Please I want to say something before you begin.” Riele said, “Trevor is just my seat mate and I don’t know him from anywhere, we are just friends. Whatever Jeiel told you is a lie, please. We are just seat mates and nothing more.”
Nancy smiled and switched to her Nigerian accent.
“Eh! Yoruba said that ‘Insect that will eat the vegetable is inside the bum of the vegetable’. If you like, go and follow Trevor and forget yourself, it’s your business.” Nancy said, “I just wanted you to help me update the applications on my laptop, they are really slow and not as efficient as they used to be.”
Nancy left the kitchen and as she headed to the stair case, she said,
“I’m going to bed, when you are through, make sure you turn off the lights before you sleep. Good night.”
Riele replied with a straight face.
Chapter 5
“Dinner at Tiffany’s”
Riele was dressed in a gorgeous red short gown, with a lot of stones on it, she wore silver colored stilettoes, styled her afro beautifully, grabbed her phone and headed downstairs to meet the rest of the family. Jackson, Nancy and Cydni were waiting for Riele in the living room, all dressed beautifully, and as Riele walked down the stair case, her parents stared in awe. Her eyes met with theirs and she said,
“Sorry I kept you all waiting, the driving lessons took longer than expected.”
“It’s okay princess, you look amazing.” Jackson said.
“Shall we?” Nancy asked, smiling.
Tiffany’s house is a two-story building with a pool and a little garden at the back of the house. Few cars were packed and everywhere seemed very serene and quiet from outside. The Oladeles got out of their car and headed to the house.
As they opened the front door, fresh scents of wine, food and mild perfume filled the air. The walls were sparkling white and few artistic paintings and sculptures hung at different parts. The entire living area shone brightly and a golden chandelier was hung in the ceiling, in the middle of the living room, illuminating the entire living area with sparkles of white and gold. Riele couldn’t help but exclaim. 
Tiffany walked towards them smiling warmly with her beautiful dentition, showcasing her bleached teeth. Tiffany Hudson; a tall Canadian lady, a focused business woman, she owns a fashion house there in Ontario and owns other businesses in her name. She is Riele’s Godmother and a mother to a set of beautiful twins, Bryan Hudson and Stephanie Hudson. 
“Nancy! Jackson! You guys made it.” Tiffany said excitedly.
“Of course,” Nancy replied as they hugged, “We wouldn’t miss it for the world”.
“Congratulations Tiffany.” Jackson said.  
“Thank you so much,” Tiffany replied, “Oh! Hi Cydni, how are you?” She asked.
“I’m fine ma’am.” Cydni replied.
“Congratulations ma’am.” Riele said.
Tiffany hugged Riele tightly, “Tomike, how are you?” She asked.
“I’m fine ma’am.” She replied.
“Thank you so much for coming,” Tiffany said, “You look so beautiful, your dress is lovely. You’ve lost few pounds though, are you a model now?”
“Umm, no.” Riele replied, smiling shyly.
“I was thinking of having a black girl or black model on the cover page of my magazine for the next three months and you could pass for a model. Anyway, we would talk about that later after dinner.” Tiffany said.
“Okay.” Riele replied.
“You all can go grab a drink and dinner will be served in the garden.” Tiffany added.
“In the garden?” Nancy asked, “Tiffany, you are so extra.”
“I know right?” Tiffany laughed, “I’ll see you later.” She added.
The garden was bright and beautiful, it was covered in carpet grass, few flowers and a flowing fountain. A table for twenty was set with plates, glass cups and few Bouquet of flowers on it. Jackson and Nancy went off to greet other colleagues and friends, leaving Riele to herself. Suddenly, a deep voice called out.
“Riele Tomike Oladele!”
“Bryan Hudson.” Riele said and turned around to the direction of the voice.
“How could you guess so easily?” Bryan asked.
Riele smiled, “I’ll recognize a bully’s voice any day, anytime. Besides, you are the only one who calls me by my full name.” She replied.
 Bryan laughed, “How are you doing baby girl? Long time no see.” He said as they shared a hug.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” She replied, “Just tryna live my best life.”
“I see that,” He said, “You look beautiful, by the way.”
“Thank you.” She replied as Stephanie, Bryan twin sister, walked up to them.
“Look who’s getting slimmer.” Stephanie said, referring to Riele.
“Stephanie!” Riele exclaimed and hugged her, “I’m so happy to see you.”
“Me too,” Stephanie said, “How is everyone? How’s my Tolani?”
Riele replied, “Everyone is fine. I didn’t know you guys were coming, I thought I was going to be the only young adult here.” She added.
“We wouldn’t miss our mum’s party for anything.” Bryan said.
“How’s College?” Riele asked.
“College is fine, just there.” Stephanie replied.
“Yeah, College is college.” Bryan added.
Bryan and Stephanie Hudson are Tiffany Hudson’s children. They are classy twins and can be considered as one of the rich kids of Ontario. They have been Riele’s friends since she was born. They are two years older than Riele and they are in their second year in college. They used to have a popular YouTube channel called ‘THE HUDSONS’, which made them famous in Ontario. They own a large clothing line for kids and adults known as ‘STEPHANIE AND BRYAN’S COLLECTION’.
Suddenly, Tiffany called out, “Gather around people, let the party begin!!!”
The party ended and the house was gradually getting empty. Riele sat on a couch in the living room, checking her snap and taking some selfies when Tiffany walked into the living room and sat beside her.
“There you are. Did you enjoy the party?” Tiffany asked.
“Yes, I did,” Riele replied, “The food was delicious, thank you.”
“You are welcome.” Tiffany replied, “So, back to what we were discussing earlier on. I want to change the cover page of my magazine, I want to do something different for the next three months. I have decided to use a black girl with an afro to represent black girl magic, because I wrote something about it. So, I was thinking if you would like to be my model.” She added.
Riele stared at Tiffany in surprise and the only thing she could say was, “Umm.”
“You don’t need to make up your mind right away,” Tiffany said, “You can go home, think about it, probably discuss it with your parents and then get back to me.” She added.
“Okay ma’am” Riele replied with a complicated expression on her face.
Jackson and Nancy walked into the living room from the garden, with Cydni sleeping on Nancy’s right shoulder.
“Thanks for inviting us Tiffany, Dinner was delicious.” Jackson said.
“Yes, congratulations again my dear friend.” Nancy added.
“Thanks guys.” Tiffany replied.
Jackson said, “We have to get going, it’s getting late.”
“Okay Dad,” Riele replied, “I’ll meet you in the car, let me say good bye to Stephanie and Bryan.” She said as she stood up from where she was, on the couch.
Riele met Stephanie and Bryan in the garden, they said their good byes and Bryan offered to accompany Riele to the car park.
Chapter 6
“Monday”
Riele sat on her usual seat in class, with her laptop, trying to complete her geography project before classes began. Jeiel looked at Riele from her seat and noticed that Riele was fully concentrated on her laptop and walked up to her.
“Riele, what’s up with the serious face?” Jeiel asked.
“I’m trying to finish my geography project.” Riele replied, “Have you seen Klondike?” She asked looking around the class.
“No, what’s wrong?” Jeiel asked.
“I promised to help her with her project but she hasn’t been picking my calls.” Riele replied.
“Don’t worry, if she needs your help, she’ll come to you,” Jeiel said as she looked into Riele’s laptop and immediately exclaimed, “Wow! Your project is so colorful, you are sure getting an A.”
Riele smiled, “I hope so. I want to get a book from the book store after school, will you accompany me?” she asked.
“Sure.” Jeiel replied, still staring into Riele’s laptop.
“Hey ladies,” Trevor called out as he got to his seat.
“Hi Tee.” Riele responded.
“Hey Trevor.” Jeiel replied.
“Are you guys done with your projects?” He asked.
“I’m through with mine, she’s almost through with hers.” Jeiel replied, pointing at Riele.
“Hey guys!” Klondike called out, walking up to them.
Klondike Ejike; a slim light-skinned Igbo girl from Nigeria. She is ambitious, beautiful, matured and average heighted.
“Hi Klondike.” Jeiel replied.
“Klondike, how are you? I’ve been trying to reach you for days.” Riele said, a little concerned.
“I’m sorry, I’ve been so busy with work and I totally forgot to call you.” Klondike replied.
“It’s okay,” Riele said, “Have you finished your project?” She asked.
“My cousin came over last weekend and she helped me out with the project.” Klondike replied.
“Oh great! I was a bit worried.” Riele said.
“Aww, thanks for looking out for me sis.” Klondike said.
“You are welcome sister.” Riele replied.
“Hold on! I don’t understand, how are you both sisters?” Jeiel asked.
“Because, we are from the same country.” Riele replied, with an expression on her face that tells Jeiel that she’s stating the obvious.
“Huh? That doesn’t make any sense.” Jeiel said and tapped Trevor on the shoulder “Trevor help me out here.” She added.
“What were you guys talking about?” He asked.
“Klondike and I call ourselves sisters because we are both Nigerians and Jeiel doesn’t think it’s right.” Riele replied.
“Riele Oladele is Yoruba and Klondike Ejike is Igbo. Those are two different tribes in Nigeria, so you both aren’t sisters.” Jeiel said.
“How do you know the different tribes in Nigeria?” Trevor asked, amazed at Jeiel’s words.
“I’m a Nigerian, a Yoruba girl to be precised.” Jeiel replied, adjusting her shirt proudly.
“Wow!” He exclaimed, “You all are Nigerians? Nigerians are so extra. It’s the same everywhere.” He said.
“So, what’s your point exactly?” Jeiel asked, raising one of her eyebrows.
“My point is that you all are sisters, regardless of your different tribes” He replied.
“Whatever.” Jeiel spat, rolling her eyes.
Riele and Klondike laughed and shared a high five.
The Principal and the school’s counselor walked into the classroom and everyone rushed to their seats.
“Good morning class,” The principal said as the class responded in unison, “I apologize for the delay, your geography teacher won’t be coming to school today because he is a bit under the weather. I decided to use his time to make a very important announcement, listen attentively.” She said, looking at the whole class, “You all are in your final year in high school and will be writing your final exams soon, so you all have to take your academics seriously now, more than you have ever done. This is the time to make your decisions on what you want to be in life, some of you may want to start your own businesses, some will go off to college, some will join the army, et cetera. I know most of you want to go to college and that is why I have called Mr. Stanley here,” She added, stretching her right palm towards Mr. Stanley. “As you all know, Mr. Stanley is the guidance counselor of this prestigious school. So, if you need any information on your career choices, colleges to choose from or college application processes, you can meet Mr. Stanley in his office and he’ll help you out. That will be all for now, stay out of trouble and have a nice day.” The principal said as she found her way out from the class.
“Thank You ma’am.” The class responded in unison.
Some hours later, the classes were over for the day, Riele, Trevor, Damian and Jeiel were walking down the hallway with their bag packs and Damian asked,
“Jeiel, aren’t you going with the school bus today?”
“No, Riele and I are going somewhere.” She replied.
“Yeah, we are going to the book store, wanna come?” Riele asked.
Damian said, “No thanks, I have basketball practice.”
“What about you Trevor, will you come with us?” Riele asked.
“I would have loved to, but I have some catching up to do,” Trevor said, “I didn’t take you as a book person.” He added, making invincible quotes with his fingers.
“Honestly, I don’t read a lot of books. I just want to get a book for my mom and if I see any interesting book, I’ll buy it for myself.” Riele said.
“Okay,” Trevor said, “See you guys tomorrow, I’m going to use the elevator.” He added as he walked to the front of the elevator.
“Me too, bye ladies.” Damian added as he joined Trevor.
Jeiel and Riele got to the book store, just few blocks away from the school.
“This place is beautiful and it looks so different” Jeiel said, looking around the building.
“Yes, it was renovated last summer.” Riele said.
“What book do you want to get?” Jeiel asked as she stared at the beautifully renovated interiors of the store.
“‘BECOMING’ by Michelle Obama.” Riele replied.
 “Okay, may I treat me to a book?” Jeiel asked.
“Of course, you can,” Riele responded, “The bill is on me. Thanks for accompanying me here.” She added, as they passed the book shelves.
“You’re welcome. My weekend was very annoying and boring, I had to babysit my neighbor’s stubborn kids for a whole day.” Jeiel said.
Riele chuckled, “Sorry, on the contrary, mine was really interesting. I started my driving lessons and my family and I went for Tiffany’s dinner at her house.”
“Hold on,” Jeiel said, “You’ve started your driving lessons? Wow! My mum said something about driving but I didn’t take her seriously.” She added as they walked into a different aisle. “Wait a sec, you mean you met Tiffany Hudson and you went to her house?” She asked.
“Yes, and I met some of my childhood friends too.” Riele replied.
“Wow! You’ll have to tell me everything about the party later, in details.” Jeiel said, smiling sheepishly.
They paid for the books they got, left the book store and as they walked down the road to the bus stop, Jeiel said.
“Thanks for the book.”
“You are welcome, now we have to walk down to the bus stop.” Riele complained as she walked sluggishly.
“Have you made up your mind on what you want to study in college?” Jeiel asked.
“Not really,” Riele replied, “Have you?” she asked.
“Yep! I’m going to study something under media and journalism, you know I’m really good at talking to people.” Jeiel replied.
“Yeah right, that’s one thing I’m not good at,” Riele said, “Few weeks ago, my dad asked where and what I wanted to study, I couldn’t say anything because I am not even sure of what I really want.” She added.
Jeiel looked intently at Riele and said, “Riele, you are very talented and smart. Just think of something you love and enjoy doing, something you have the passion for and most importantly, something that will fetch you good cash.” She said, gesturing with her hands
“Like what Jeiel.” Riele asked.
“I don’t know,” Jeiel replied, “You are a great designer and you draw so well. I mean, look at your room, your mum told me you decorated it yourself with all the cool paintings and stuff. I think you can go for interior design or real estate or something cool, you know.” She added.
Riele took a deep breath and said, “I’ll think about it. How many colleges will you apply to?”
“I’ll probably apply to three colleges here in Ontario.” Jeiel replied.
“You’ve got it all figured out,” Riele said, “I have to make up my mind before the end of this week.”
“It’s fine bestie, you gon’ be alright,” Jeiel said. Hugging her sideways, she exclaimed, “Oh look! There’s the bus stop.”
~~~
Riele laid on her bed in her room, staring at the ceiling and swimming deeply in the pool of her thoughts. Suddenly, Jackson knocked on the door.
“Hey baby, may I come in?” He asked.
“Come in.” She said. 
Jackson walked in and sat on her bed.
“Good evening Daddy.” Riele said.
“How are you?” He asked.
“I’m fine dad.” She replied.
Jackson said, “You don’t sound fine, you look sad. What’s wrong?”
“It’s nothing.” She replied, still staring at the ceiling.
“No don’t tell me that,” He said, “I know when something is wrong with my princess. Tomike, kini o yo o lenu?” (means: Tomike, what’s bothering you?) 
Riele took a deep breath, “Dad, my final examinations are fast approaching and then I will start applying to different colleges. I haven’t made up my mind on what to study and the pressure in school is becoming unbearable. I don’t want to study what everyone is going for, I want to study something related to my talent, something I love to do, something I can study here in Ontario.” She replied.
“Sit up and listen to me.” Jackson said, “I’ve always known you as someone who thinks things through and doesn’t make hasty decisions. You shouldn’t study what you don’t like just because your friends are going for it. You are special, smart, unique and talented, you will always be successful in anything you put your mind into. Your mum and I will always support you no matter what.” He added.
“Thanks Daddy.” She said as she hugged him tightly.
“Do away with the sentiments and the emotions,” He said, “Fight for what you really want to do and just do it!”
“Your dad is right.” Nancy added as she walked into the room.
“Mum! How long have you been standing there?” Riele asked.
“Right from the very beginning,” Nancy replied, “So, what courses have you thought about?” She asked.
“Well, I’ve been thinking about studying interior design or something related to that.” Riele said.
Nancy and Jackson looked at each other and smiled.
“Why are you both smiling?” Riele asked, staring at the both of them.
“We knew you will be going for that course, we just wanted you to make up your mind.” Jackson replied.
“I don’t understand.” Riele said.
Nancy said, “What your dad is trying to say is that you love designing and you are very good at it, doing it as a career wouldn’t be a bad idea.”
“You think so?” Riele asked.
“Of course,” Nancy replied, “I mean, look at your room, look at the paintings, the structures and the color combination. No one will believe that a 17year old did this.” She added.
“I saw the look on your face when we went to Tiffany Hudson’s house the other day and how you looked at the sculptures and paintings, trust me, you will be good at this.” Jackson said.
“Speaking of Tiffany, she told your dad and I about the cover page contract and about you being a model. Have you thought about it?” Nancy asked.
“Yes,” Riele replied, “I’ve thought about it and I have decided to do it. I had planned to visit her tomorrow but her PA said she had travelled to Paris for a fashion show and she’ll be back on Sunday. Besides, it is going to be fun and_”.
“Yeah, the pay is good.” Jackson said, interrupting her sentence.
They all laughed and hugged each other. Suddenly, Cydni called out aloud from the living room.
“Where is everybody?!” Cydni asked.
Nancy exclaimed, “Egbami o! I osi Tolani downstairs si wa si se amebo.” (means: I left Tolani downstairs and came to ease drop).
Jackson and Riele laughed as they watched Nancy run down the stairs.
Chapter 7
The following Sunday evening, Jackson was busy in his room, Cydni was asleep and Nancy was running around doing random house chores. Riele opened the fridge, took three scoops of ice cream in a bowl and headed to the living room to watch her favorite reality show.
“Mum, you have to come watch this.” Riele said, smiling as she faced the television.
“I wish I could but I have to do Cydni’s laundry.” Nancy replied, “I just got off the phone with Tiffany and she informed me that she is back.” She said.
“Really?” Riele asked, as she took her eyes off the television and looked at her mother.
“Yes,” Nancy replied, “We have to visit her today, we’ll leave in an hour.” She added.
“Okay mum.” Riele replied, putting a spoonful of ice cream in her mouth.
~~~
Nancy and Riele got to Tiffany’s house, leaving Jackson and Cydni at home. They were in the living room waiting and Tiffany walked up to them.
“Welcome!” She exclaimed as she hugged them. “Sorry I couldn’t see you last week, I had a meeting in Tokyo and then a went to Paris for an exhibition. Riele, how are you? How is school?” She asked.
“I’m good, school is great ma’am.” Riele replied.
“Yes, she has finally accepted the contract after thinking for a whole week.” Nancy said, stressing on the word, ‘whole’.
“That’s great news, don’t worry, you are going to have lots of fun,” Tiffany said. “First of, I will take you to the spa, where your skin will be waxed. I’ll make reservations for you and your mum at my spa on Friday evening and the shoot will be on Saturday.” She added.
“You are so sweet.” Nancy said.
“Thank You ma’am” Riele added.
“It’s the least I could do,” Tiffany said, “Let me get the contract papers.
“You kept them in your house?” Nancy asked.
“Yes,” Tiffany replied, “I realized that Riele won’t be free during the week to go to my office, so I decided to bring them home.” She added as she walked to the drawer in the living room and took out the papers.
“Here are the papers, you can sign at the bottom left.” Tiffany said.
“Okay.” Nancy and Riele replied in unison.
Tiffany said, “Enough with the business talk, what are you guys going to have, Champagne and Juice?”
“Green Ville High School”
The following Friday afternoon, the music class was over, Jeiel, Klondike and Riele were walking down to the cafeteria to have lunch, when Klondike said.
“The music class isn’t as bad as I had imagined.”
“I know right?” Jeiel asked.
“It’s more practical than I thought.” Riele added.
“Of course,” Jeiel said, “Music is meant to be practiced, not just written.”
“That’s why you don’t have a notebook for music, yeah?” Klondike asked.
Jeiel smiled.
“Klondike, you mentioned something about work last week. What exactly do you do?” Riele asked.
“Well, I’m a make-up artist. I do make overs for people for their events, shoots, et cetera.” Klondike replied.
“Wow!” Riele exclaimed, “So you are a boss lady yeah?”
“Not exactly, I work for someone” Klondike replied.
“The cafeteria looks different. Are we in the right cafeteria?” Jeiel asked as they walked into the cafeteria.
Riele smiled, “They changed the chairs silly.”
Klondike dropped her bag pack beside Jeiel as they secured a seat. “I’ll be back guys. I need to use the restroom.” She said.
“Okay, Riele you’ve been acting strange lately.” Jeiel said.
“Huh?” Riele asked.
“Yeah, what’s wrong?” Jeiel asked.
“I am fine, I’m just nervous. I’m doing a photoshoot tomorrow.” Riele replied.
“It’s just a photo shoot Riele, you don’t have to be nervous.” Jeiel said.
“It’s not just a photoshoot,” Riele said as she dropped her cutlery, “This is different. Tiffany Hudson asked if I could be on the cover page of her magazine. I accepted the offer and the shoot is tomorrow.” She added.
“Are you kidding?” Jeiel asked, “You are going to be on the cover page of Tiffany Hudson’s magazine?” 
“Um hmm.” Riele replied with a straight face.
Jeiel began to sing and dance on her chair, saying, “My bestie is a celeb, the world’s gonna know her.”
“The magazine is only known in this part of Ontario.” Riele said.
“I don’t care!!” Jeiel replied, still dancing on her chair.
“Photo shoot”
Riele was dressed in a polo shirt, leggings and a cap, she wore her leather slippers, grabbed her purse and headed downstairs. Nancy was in the living room when she yelled.
“C’mon Riele, it’s almost eight. We’re going to be late!”
“Okay mum, I’m coming.” Riele replied.
“You still have your corn rows on? Why didn’t you take out your braids?” Nancy asked as Riele walked down the stairs.
“I didn’t have time,” Riele replied, “Besides, there will be a hair stylist there.” She added.
“If you say so. I have an event by nine so I won’t be with you during the shoot. Don’t worry, I’ll pick you up when I’m done with the event.” Nancy said and Riele nodded.
~~~
Nancy and Riele got to Tiffany’s company also known as “TIFFANY’S EMPIRE”, and the secretary ushered them into Tiffany’s office. They all exchanged pleasantries and Tiffany said.
“I didn’t think you guys will make it this early.”
“I have an event by nine, so I had to drop her off early.” Nancy replied.
“You are not staying for the shoot?” Tiffany asked.
“No, I’m not,” Nancy smiled and replied, “I know she’s in good hands.”
“Of course,” Tiffany said, “We will start preparing right away.”
“Ok guys, I should be taking my leave now. See you later.” Nancy said as she hugged Tiffany and looked at Riele, “Tomike, se abojuto arare dara?” (means: Tomike, take care of yourself okay?)
“Okay mum,” Riele replied, “ma a ri e laipe.” (means: see you later.) Nancy smiled and walked out through the door.
“Riele, let’s go to the dressing room, I’ll introduce you to the hair stylist, make-up artist and others.” Tiffany said.
“Yes ma’am.” Riele replied as they walked out of the office together.
“Oh please! Loose the ma’am, I’m your Godmother, you can call me tiffany.” She said.
Riele smiled, “Okay Aunt Tiffany.”
They got to the dressing room and as they opened the door, Tiffany called out.
“Hi everyone, she’s here. Gather around!”
It was an average dressing room, divided into different sections. They all gathered around and Tiffany said.
“Okay, this is my Goddaughter, Riele Tomike Oladele. She’s the model I told y’all about.”
“Hi everyone.” Riele said shyly.
Tiffany walked up to Zoey and said, “This is Zoey your Photographer.”
“Hi Riele,” Zoey waved.
Tiffany turned, pointed at where Denola was and said, “That’s Denola, your designer.”
“Sup?!” He asked.
“And the one and only Jammal, your hair stylist.” Tiffany said.
Jammal was chewing a gum, he held a comb and waved, “Hi girl!”
“Wait, someone is missing. Where is the make-up artist?” Tiffany asked, looking around. Just then, the door opened and Klondike rushed in.
“Right here.” Klondike said.
“Klondike?” Riele asked, surprised to see her.
“Riele!” Klondike exclaimed as they hugged each other and Tiffany asked.
“Have you guys met before?”
“Yes, we are classmates.” Riele replied.
“Interesting!” Tiffany exclaimed. “So, Klondike will be your make-up artist, the other crew members will come later with the photography kit. We are going to take five different shoots, two in the studio, two on the roof top and one in the empire. You all can start right away, I’ll join you before the shoot starts.” She added.
As Tiffany walked with Riele back to the door, she said, “Tomike, I’ll be in my office if you need anything.”
“Okay, thanks.” Riele replied.
“As I said earlier, the others will come later to set everything up but these guys are your main Gs,” Tiffany said and Riele smiled. “Why are you smiling?” She asked.
“You said Gs auntie” Riele replied.
“Oh! You know what I mean.” Tiffany said as she walked back to her office and Riele went to meet the crew.
“I’m so happy to meet you here Riele.” Klondike said as soon as she met Riele.
“Me too, do you work here?” Riele asked.
“Yes,” Klondike replied, “I didn’t know that you’re a model.”
Riele smiled, “The truth is, I haven’t always been a model. This is my first photoshoot.”
“Okay,” Klondike replied, “I have always wanted to do a make-over on you, because you have the perfect eyebrows, cheek bones and all.” She added.
“Thank you.” Riele said.
“Riele, I brought six dresses your size and we would only be needing five. What’s your best color?” Denola asked.
“Blue.” Riele replied.
“Okay, we have to choose between this blue and this yellow dress.” Denola said as he held the two dresses on his right and left hands.
“I think you should pick the yellow dress,” Zoey said. “It’ll make your skin pop better in the photo.” She added.
“Good idea.” Denola said.
“Denola, you are Yoruba right?” Riele asked.
“Yes,” He replied, “From Lasgidi.”
“Wow!” Riele exclaimed, “That makes us three Nigerians.” She added in a low tone.
“Wait, please don’t tell me I’m surrounded by Nigerians.” Zoey said.
“Shut up Zoey!” Jammal said as he stood up from where he was sitting and cat-walked towards Riele, “I’m African American.” He added and turned to Riele, “Riele, your hair is so long and natural. Oh! Look at all the volume, you have to recommend your hair products to me, I love it.” Jammal added as he admired Riele’s hair.
“Thank you Jammal.” Riele said.
“Your skin is so smooth girl! What did you do to it?” Jammal asked.
“Nothing much,” She replied, “I just went to a spa and they used sugar wax on my skin.”
“Wow!” He exclaimed, “I think I’m going to do that to my entire body.” He added as he gestured with his hands.
“Oh please!” Zoey spat.
“What?” Jammal asked, “I’m gay, doesn’t mean I shouldn’t compliment on a girl’s skin. Anyway, Riele I’m going to unwrap my hair and take some selfies with you before the shoot.” He added.
Riele said “Okay Jammal,” and in a very low tone she added, “Egbami o! Yi ti ni lilo lati wa ni a gun ojo. (means: This is going to be a long day.)
“So, let’s get started.” Klondike said.
“After the photo shoot.”
The photoshoot ended hours later and after doing five different sessions, Tiffany smiled, got up on her feet and said.
“And it’s a wrap guys, thank you for showing up y’all. This magazine is going to go places. Riele, you did so well, I’m proud of you.”
“Thank you so much for this opportunity auntie.” Riele said.
“You’re welcome,” Tiffany replied, “Your mum texted me few minutes ago, that she was on her way. I told her not to worry, I’ll drop you off on my way home. Are you hungry?” she asked.
“No thank you, I had lunch with the crew.” Riele replied.
“Okay dear,” Tiffany said as she clapped her hands, “Let’s pack up guys. We will do this shoot again next month and I’ll see y’all on Monday.”
~~~
Tiffany and Riele got to Riele’s house that evening, about forty-five minutes later. Riele bided Tiffany goodbye, she rang the doorbell and Nancy opened the door.
“Aww! My baby is back.” Nancy said and hugged Riele.
“Hi mummy.” Riele replied.
“How are you? How was the shoot?” Nancy asked.
“I’m fine, the shoot was okay, I had so much fun and now I’m exhausted.” She replied and sat on the edge of the couch. 
“Sorry baby, I bought your favorite smoothie.” Nancy said.
Riele smiled, “You did? Thanks mummy.”
“Now go upstairs, have a warm bath and rest.” Nancy said.
“Okay mum.” Riele said, getting up from the couch, she headed to her room.
“Green Ville High school.”
“Morning bestie.” Jeiel said.
“I’m not talking to you,” Riele replied, frowning her face.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t return your calls and didn’t reply your messages. My weekend was crazy.” Jeiel said.
“I’m still not talking to you.” Riele said.
“But I said I was sorry, I’m sorry Tomike, omodebirin arewa.” Jeiel added as she touched Riele’s cheeks (means: Beautiful girl)
Riele laughed, “Koshi! Get your hands off me.”
“So, how did it go?” Jeiel asked.
“How did what go?” Riele asked.
“The photoshoot.” Jeiel replied, “I can’t wait to see the magazine” Jeiel added.
“Me too. I will tell you all about it later, the mathematics teacher just walked in.” Riele said, pointing at the entrance of class.
Chapter 8
On Tuesday, the second of October, Riele was in her room, trying to do some school work on her laptop. She heard her mum singing from downstairs, closed her laptop and headed downstairs. She saw her mother dancing in the living room and Cydni staring at Nancy.
“Welcome back mum, Hi Cydni, how are you?”
“I’m fine.” Cydni replied.
“Mum, why are you so excited?” Riele asked.
“I have no idea why she’s excited,” Cydni said, “she has been this way since she came to pick me up from school.”
Nancy was still singing and rejoicing when she said,
“I received a gift package at work today, it was from Tiffany’s empire. She sent the magazine with a box of chocolate to me. Ah! Egbami ki alleluia!”
Riele was surprised and asked, “Are you serious?”
“Yes baby,” Nancy replied, “You can check it out. You look very grown and beautiful. The exciting thing is that you are on a poster in the mall. The magazine is in every store in Ontario Riele, do you know what that means?” She asked excitedly.
Riele was still surprised, “I don’t know what to say, like, is this me?” She asked, looking at the magazine.
Cydni looked at the magazine and exclaimed, “Wow! You look very beautiful.”
“Thank you Cyd!” Riele said.
“I’m so happy everything turned out great, you did it yourself and you nailed it. Your dad and I are proud of you.” Nancy said as she hugged Riele.
“Thank you mummy.” Riele replied.
~~~
On Wednesday morning, Riele, Cydni and Nancy were on the dining table having breakfast when the doorbell rang.
“Mum, are you expecting anyone?” Riele asked.
Nancy shook her head and Riele stood up to get the door, immediately she opened the door, she asked.
“Jeiel? What are you doing here?”
“I’m fine, thanks for asking.” Jeiel replied, rolled her eyes and walked into the house.
“Sorry, I’m just surprised to see you in my house this early.” Riele said.
“Yeah, thank me later,” Jeiel said, going to the dinning, “Good morning ma’am.”
“Good morning Jeiel, how are you?” Nancy asked.
“I’m fine ma’am,” Jeiel said, “I came to pick Riele up for school. Hi Cydni!”
Cydni waved and Riele exclaimed,
“Oh! The school bus is here, mum I’m leaving. Jeiel let’s go.” Riele said, hung her bag pack, held Jeiel’s hand and walked to the door. “Bye cydni, bye mum!” She added as Nancy and Cydni waved at her.
“Green Ville High School.”
Jeiel and Riele were walking down the hallway to class when they noticed people were staring and smiling at them. Riele felt awkward and whispered to Jeiel.
“Jeiel, why are people staring at us?”
“More like staring at you.” Jeiel replied.
“Me? Do I have a stain on my shirt? Is my cloth torn?” Riele asked looking at her shirt.
“No silly, it’s because you are on Tiffany’s magazine.” Jeiel replied and exclaimed, “Oh look! Someone’s waving at you, wave back!”
Riele waved shyly and asked.
“How is it possible that everyone in school bought the magazine?”
“You never know.” Jeiel replied with her hands akimbo.
They both managed to walk through the hallway, ignoring the stares and as soon as they entered their classroom, they showed signs of relieve and walked to Riele’s seat.
“Thanks for coming to school with me Jeiel. I would have peed on myself in the hallway.” Riele said.
“You’re welcome.” Jeiel replied.
Trevor walked up to them “Hey girls, what’s up?”
Jeiel replied, “Hey Trevor!”
“Hi Tee.” Riele said.
Trevor looked at Riele, smiled and asked, “Celebrity huh? Cool pictures by the way.”
“You saw the magazine?” Riele asked.
“Yes, and your pictures are on the school’s blog.” Trevor replied.
“Wait, what? Green ville has a blog?” Riele asked in disbelieve.
“You didn’t know that? It’s run by Melanie in our class.” Trevor said.
“No, I didn’t.” Riele replied.
Trevor was surprised, “Wow! Then you have to check it out, it has all the latest news about Green Ville high.”
“Yes, you have to check it out. Do you remember the day the Principal came to our classroom and told us about the Geography teacher’s illness?” Jeiel asked.
“Yeah, I remember.” Riele said.
“We all knew before we came to school.” Jeiel said.
Riele was surprised and asked, “Are you serious? That explains why you were so calm and you didn’t care about the assignment.”
“You know it.” Jeiel replied with her hands akimbo.
“At the cafeteria”
Jeiel and Riele were sitting and having lunch at one part of the cafeteria.
“Jeiel, you’ve barely touched your food. I see you are not hungry, what are you doing on your phone?” Riele asked.
“I’m trying to download your pictures from Melanie’s blog but it’s not working.” Jeiel replied.
“Can’t you just take screenshots of them all?” Riele asked.
“Oh! I forgot.” She said.
Suddenly, Klondike walked up to them and joined them on the table,
“Riele, I’ve been looking for you everywhere.”
“Yeah, she has been hiding from people since today.” Jeiel said.
“Hi Klondike.” Riele said.
“Why have you been hiding?” Klondike asked, “You should be bold, you are a celebrity now.”
“You guys don’t understand,” Riele said, “Yesterday, I was a nobody in Green Ville High and a today, everyone knows me. The most surprising thing is that Lynda and Prisca came to say hi to me for the first time in like, ever.” She added.
“Mtchew! Those saucy girls.” Jeiel spat, rolling her eyes.
Riele said, “I forgot to tell you something Jeiel, I met Klondike during the shoot. She was my make-up artist.”
“No way!” Jeiel exclaimed.
“She’s right, I brought the magazine if you want to check.” Klondike added.
“You brought it to school?” Riele asked.
“Yeah, I have to advertise,” Klondike replied and smiled, “I’m so happy, Christmas is almost here. Where are you guys spending Christmas?” She asked.
“Well, I’m not having a white Christmas this year,” Riele replied, “I am going to Nigeria to spend Christmas with my Grandma.”
Klondike looked at Jeiel, who was fully concentrated on the magazine, admiring the pictures and asked.
“What about you?”
“Oh! Were you talking to me? Sorry. I don’t know yet, my mum hasn’t told me anything about Christmas yet.” Jeiel replied.
Klondike said, “Well, I will be going to Nigeria. I have to spend Christmas with my mum, I haven’t seen her this year.”
“I thought you live with your mum.” Jeiel said.
“No, I live with my Grandma, my mum works in Nigeria, so she barely has time to come to Canada.” Klondike said.
“So, all this while, I thought your Grandma was your mum?” Riele asked.
Klondike nodded as she laughed aloud.
“She looks very young and classy.” Jeiel said.
“I know right?” Klondike asked.
They all chatted for a while before lunch time was over and they headed back to the class.
Chapter 9
“December”
Nancy was in the living room with Cydni and Riele. Riele was with the remote control, searching for interesting movies on the television while Cydni was playing with her toys on the floor. Jackson walked in with two huge bowls on popcorn and exclaimed.
“Movie time!!!”
“Yay!!” Cydni rejoiced.
“Mum, what are you reading?” Riele asked.
“I’m checking out this month’s magazine and admiring my daughter’s pictures.” Nancy replied, smiling.
“This month’s magazine is the best, compared to last two months. You totally nailed the female Santa look.” Jackson added.
“Thanks daddy, let me go grab a blanket before I freeze,” Riele said, shivering, “We are barely into the month of December and it’s this cold. I’m so glad we are going to have a warm Christmas in Nigeria.” She added.
“Speaking of Christmas, I’ve booked our flights.” Jackson said.
“Already?” Riele asked.
“Yes,” Jackson replied, “We will be going on the 18th and be in Nigeria on the 19th. We’ll stay in Grandma’s house for few days before moving.”
“Wow!” Riele exclaimed, “You’ve got it all figured out.”
“Yes, it’s going to be a Christmas you’ll never forget,” Jackson said, “Let’s start the movie before Cydni finishes the popcorn.” He added.
~~~
Sunday afternoon, the 16th of December, Riele was fully dressed in thick coat and boots, ready to go out. She walked downstairs and said.
“Mum I’m going out. I want to go see Jeiel before we travel.”
“Okay, my regards to her.” Nancy replied.
“Can I come?” Cydni asked.
“No baby, I’m not going with the car.” Riele replied.
“Why aren’t you going with the car?” Nancy asked, concerned.
“Nothing, I just want to stretch my legs.” Riele replied, adjusting her coat.
“Okay, stay safe.” Nancy said.
~~~
Riele got to Jeiel’s house, rang the doorbell and Jeiel opened the door.
“OMG! You didn’t tell me you were coming.” Jeiel said
“Surprise!” Riele exclaimed as she hugged Jeiel.
“You are just the person I wanted to speak with, I have a lot of things to tell you. Come on in.” Jeiel said, smiling sheepishly.
“The street is very quiet and cold.” Riele said.
“Yeah, winter is here. No one’s at home, I’m home alone. Guess what?” Jeiel asked.
“What?” 
“I have checked my results for last semester.” Jeiel said, still smiling happily.
“Wow! Finally! How was it?” Riele asked.
“I passed Riele, your girl got a B in Geography.” Jeiel said.
“I am so proud of you. You are making huge progress.” Riele said as she hugged Jeiel.
“That’s not all,” Jeiel said, still smiling sheepishly, “I told you I wanted to start a YouTube channel yeah?”
“Right.” Riele said looking at her. 
“So, I signed up for it and posted my first video the day after school closed. I also posted another video few days ago, a ‘Get ready with me’ vlog and it had over Five thousand views.” Jeiel said.
 “No way.” Riele said.
“I was opened to use the monetary policy and I sent my bank details to YouTube,” Jeiel said as she stood up from where she was sitting in excitement, “Riele, YouTube is going to pay me every month.”
Riele got up, screaming, “Yes!! My bestie is officially a vlogger.”
“My parents told me the best news yesterday, I’m going to spend Christmas in London with my cousins.” Jeiel said in excitement.
“Thank God, at least we’ll both change environments for a while,” Riele said, “Jeiel, I’ll be travelling to Nigeria in two days.”
“Aww! I’m going to miss you.” Jeiel said and hugged Riele tightly.
“I’m going to miss you too.” Riele replied.
“Oh! Mind my manners, what are you going to have?” Jeiel asked.
“Anything.” Riele replied.
“We have to celebrate this. There’s this movie that everyone is talking about, I want us to see it.” Jeiel said.
“Okay.” Riele replied.
“I’m so happy that I will be travelling to London. My next video will be a travel vlog titled, ‘Jeiel takes London’.” Jeiel said, gesturing with her hands.
“You are so extra.” Riele commented, shaking her head.
~~~
On the 18th, Riele was in her room, folding some clothes into her suitcase and arranging her things.
“Riele, do you need any help packing?” Nancy asked.
“No thanks mum, I’m almost done packing.” Riele replied.
“Okay, we have to finish with everything before 2:00pm, so we won’t miss our flight.” Nancy said.
“Ok mum.” Riele replied.
Jackson walked in holding his phone and said, “I just booked a space at the airport lounge, just in case our flight gets delayed because of the weather.”
“Thank you honey.” Nancy said.
~~~
“Lagos, Nigeria.”
The Oladeles arrived Nigeria and were sitting in the airport lounge, waiting for Grandma’s driver to arrive.
“Why is he taking so long to get here?” Riele asked.
“He’s probably stuck in traffic.” Nancy replied.
“Traffic?” Riele asked.
“Yes baby, welcome back to Nigeria.” Jackson replied.
“I need to take off my sweat shirt, the weather is warmer than I expected.” Nancy said as she pulled off her sweat shirt.
Just then, the driver walked into the lounge, helped them carry some of their suitcases and they all headed to the car park.
Riele’s grandmother, Benita; a seventy-six year old agile, fair and tall Yoruba woman. She lives in a five-bedroom bungalow in Victoria island, Lagos and she owns an Ankara boutique store in Ikoyi, Lagos.
They got to Benita’s house, Riele offered to help the driver with the suitcases while Jackson, Nancy and Cydni went into the house. They rang the doorbell and Funmilayo, the house help/ steward, opened the door.
“Welcome sir, welcome ma’am.” Funmilayo said.
“Good afternoon, is my mother around?” Jackson asked.
“Yes sir, she’s in the living room.” She replied.
“Okay, thank you.” Jackson said as he walked into the house with Nancy and Cydni.
They walked to the living room and immediately Cydni saw Benita, she screamed, ran and jumped on her.  
“Grandma!” She screamed.
“Tolani! Bawo ni o sewa.” Benita said in Yoruba. (means: How are you?). “You are now big o!”
“I’m fine Grandma.” Cydni replied.
 “Good afternoon mama.” Jackson said, prostrating on the floor.
“Omo mi kaabo.” Benita said (means: my son, welcome.)
“Good afternoon mummy.” Nancy said, going on her knees.
“Nancy Omobinrin mi, jowo duro si oke,” Benita said, (means: Nancy my daughter, please stand up), “How was the flight?”
“We thank God mama, how are you?” Jackson asked.
“Mo wa dara,” she said (means: I’m fine), “Where is Tomike?”
“She is helping the driver to bring in our luggage.” Nancy replied.
“Ah! She can’t do that alone o,” Benita said, “Funmilayo! Funmi!!” she called out.
Funmilayo ran out of the kitchen, responding, “Ma!!”
“Go and help the driver with their suitcases.” Benita said.
“Yes ma.” Funmilayo replied.
“Iyawo mi, (means: My wife)” Benita called out, referring to Nancy, “You look tired. Don’t worry, your rooms are already set, both of you will stay in the room by the left while Tomike and Tolani will stay in the room on the right.” She added.
“Good day Grandma.” Riele said, as she walked into the living room.
Benita stood up, hugged Riele and said, “Ah! Tomike, omobinrin mi nla. (means: my granddaughter). How are you? You look very beautiful.” She complimented, holding Riele’s face.
Riele replied, “O seun grandma. Bawo ni o sewa? Bawo ni ise se je? (means: thank you grandma. How are you? How is work?)
Benita was surprised and asked, “Ah! O le so ede Yoruba? (means: you can speak Yoruba?)”
Riele smiled and replied, “Beeni mama, (means: Yes grandma).”
“Everything is fine, thank God for Journey mercies,” Benita said, “It’s almost time for lunch, you all can go freshen up and come for lunch. I specially cooked pounded yam and egusi soup with a lot of orishirishi.” She added.
“Thank You mama.” Jackson said.
“Where is that girl? Funmilayo!! Funmi!!!” Benita called out.
“Lunch”
Lunch was served on the dining table and as they were all eating, Benita looked around and called out.
“Funmilayo!”
“Ma!” Funmilayo answered, running out of the kitchen.
“Where were you?” Benita asked.
“I was in the kitchen, washing the pots ma.” Funmilayo replied.
“Wo! Leave the pots, come and join us in the table.” Benita said.
“Yes ma.” Funmilayo replied, smiling warmly.
Nancy exclaimed, “Hmm! The food is delicious mummy.”
“I’ve missed eating your food mama.” Jackson added.
“Thank you o jare. Tomike, how is you? How is school?” Benita asked.
“School is fine grandma, I’m on holiday,” She replied, “I will be in my final semester in high school by January.”
“Wow! That’s lovely,” Benita said, “So, you will be in college in September?” Riele nodded. “How time flies. What do you intend to study?”
“Interior design.” Riele replied.
“That’s a good choice o,” Benita said, “Interior designers make a lot of money here in Nigeria, from decorating event centers to homes and offices.”
Jackson said, “Mama, you need to see her room in Ontario. She designed it herself and it looks very nice, from the color combinations to the painting and the few sculptures.”
Benita was surprised and asked, “You love painting and sculptures?”
Riele nodded.
“Oh wow! My friend, Adenike owns a very big art gallery in lekki, I will introduce you to her and she’ll give you a tour.” Benita said.
“Thank You Grandma.” Riele said.
“Ah! Tolani ti pari ounje re. (means: Tolani has finished her food o.)” Benita said, “Do you want more?” she asked, referring to Cydni and Cydni nodded.
Nancy said, “Mummy, Riele is now a celebrity in Ontario.”
“Celebrity ke?”
“Yeah, she did a photoshoot for a magazine and she was on the cover page for three months.” Nancy added.
“I’m not surprised,” Benita said, “She has always loved taking pictures since she was little. Maybe you will do a photoshoot for my Ankara boutique store.” Referring to Riele.
“Okay.” Riele replied, smiling warmly.
~~~
It was a beautiful morning, Benita was fully dressed and having breakfast on the dining table. Riele walked in, still had her night gown on and greeted her.
“Good morning darling, how was your night?” Benita asked.
“It was fine, are you going out?” Riele asked.
“Yes,” Benita replied, “I have some things to do at work, but I’ll be back before lunch time.”
“Can I come?” Riele asked.
“Of course, I’m surprised you are up at this time.” Benita replied.
“My body is still adjusting to the time zone,” Riele said, “Let me quickly get dressed, so I don’t make you go late.”
“Wo! Come and have breakfast first before you freshen up.” Benita said.
“If you insist.” Riele said, sitting on the dining chair.
“You know what?” Benita asked, “When we are done at the office, I will take you to my friend, Adenike’s Gallery in lekki before coming back for lunch.” She added.
Riele was excited and replied, “Thank you.”
~~~
Saturday, 22nd of December, Benita, Riele and Funmilayo were in the kitchen. Riele was helping Benita to pick beans for lunch when Jackson walked into the kitchen.
“I’m going out, Riele are you busy? I will like you to come with me.”
“Yes, I am helping grandma to pick beans.” Riele replied.
“Tomike o le lo pelu re o, (means: Tomike, you can go with him o), Benita said, “Don’t worry, Funmilayo will finish it up.”
“Okay, can I go this way?” Riele asked, looking at her trousers.
“Yes.” Jackson asked.
“No, there’s no way you are leaving this house looking like that, you are my granddaughter, you have to represent,” Benita said, got up and left the kitchen, “Come with me Riele, I have something for you.”
“Okay, Riele meet me in the car.” Jackson said and she nodded.
Riele got to Benita’s room and Benita opened a separate door.
“Wow! Is that your closet?” Riele asked, “It’s a separate room entirely. Look at all these bags and shoes.” She added in amazement.
“I know right? I might be old, but I’m still a fashionista.” Benita said.
Benita took out an Ankara gown from her closet, very colorful and perfectly stoned, “Come on, try this on.”
Riele wore the gown, it was a little bit big but it fitted her skin color perfectly. 
“Do you like it?” Benita asked.
“Woah! I love it. But isn’t it too short?” Riele asked, looking at herself in the mirror.
“Short ke? What are you? 40?” Benita asked, “You are a young girl and you should wear good things like this, I don’t know why you always cover those straight legs of yours. What’s your shoe size?” 
“39.” Riele replied.
“Perfect, put these on,” Benita gave her a pair of leather sandals, “It looks good right? Now, let me do a little touch up on your face before your daddy calls you.” She said, as she took Riele to her make-up chair.
“Grandma!” Riele exclaimed.
Riele got into the car, the driver sat on the driver’s seat while Jackson and Riele sat at the back.
“I see grandma styled you.” Jackson smiled.
“Yes, she did,” Riele said, “So, where are we headed?”
“We are going to Ikoyi.” Jackson replied.
“Ikoyi?” Riele asked.
“Yes, I think it’s high time you knew about this.” Jackson said.
“Knew about what daddy?” 
“Two years ago, I bought four plots of land in an estate in Ikoyi and I began building on it last year,” Jackson said.
“Are you serious?” Riele asked, surprised, “Is it still under construction?”
“No, the house is finished,” He replied, “It’s just the interior design that’s left. That’s why I called you to come with me, so you can help me choose cool designs and all. The interior designer will be in the house by 11:00am.” He added. 
“Thank you so much daddy,” Riele said, hugging him, “I have always wanted to design an entire house.”
“You’re welcome honey.” Jackson replied.
“I can’t believe we own a house here in Nigeria.” Riele said.
“Me too.” He replied. 
They got to the estate and then to the house. It was a two-story building with a pool, garden space, carpark and a mini fountain.
“Daddy, this is beautiful!” Riele exclaimed.
“Wait till you get in and see your room.” Jackson said.
Riele walked into the house, she was speechless and stared in awe, “Dad, you didn’t tell me you were building a mansion.”
“It’s not a mansion,” Jackson replied, smiling lightly. “Let’s go check out your room.” He said, as they both walked up the stairs.
“I love the lighting of the house, even the stair case is unique.” Riele said.
They got to her room and as they opened the door, Riele exclaimed, “Woah! Is this my room?” She asked, “It is as big as a hotel’s suite.”
“Yes, I made it big so whenever your friends come over, y’all can have your privacy.” Jackson said.
“Thank You Daddy.” Riele said, hugging him tightly.
Chapter 10
“Christmas”
On the day of Christmas, the entire living area was decorated with fairy lights, green and red ribbons and other Christmas decorations with a fully decorated Christmas tree in the living room. Benita sat in the living room, waiting for the rest of the family to join her for morning devotion.
“Merry Christmas mummy.” Nancy said, as she walked into the living room with Jackson and Cydni.
“Merry Christmas mama.” Jackson said.
“Merry Christmas everyone.” Benita replied.
Cydni hugged Benita, “Merry Christmas Grandma.” She said.
“Merry Christmas my darling, where is Tomike?” Benita asked.
“Right here,” Riele said, coming out from the passage, “Merry Christmas Grandma.” 
“Merry Christmas dear.” Benita replied.
“So, what’s our schedule for Christmas?” Nancy asked.
“Well, we are going to have a family time this Christmas,” Benita replied, “We will go to church this morning, when we get back, we’ll eat, play games, watch movies and then tomorrow, we will go to the beach.” She added.
“Nice.” Riele said, “I haven’t been to the beach since last year’s summer in the Bahamas.”
“Yeah, going to the beach is a good idea.” Jackson said.
“Yes, it is. The weather is a bit colder than usual though.” Nancy added.
“I’m so glad outside is not freezingly cold.” Riele said.
Benita smiled and said, “Let’s start our day.”
~~~
On a Thursday morning, Riele was laying on the bed in the room, checked her phone and then decided to call her bestie, Jeiel via facetime.
“Hey bestie.” Jeiel said.
“What’s up Jeiel?” Riele asked.
“I’m fine, how’s grandma and everyone?” she asked.
“Everyone is fine, how are you enjoying your stay in London?” Riele asked.
“London is freezing, it’s like -10degrees out here.” She replied.
“Lagos is the opposite, it’s very warm and windy outside.” Riele said.
“I can imagine.” Jeiel replied.
“Girl, your YouTube videos are superb,” Riele said, “I just finished watching your vlogmas edition of ‘Jeiel takes London’, it was so interesting.” She added.
“Thank You bestie, I am so happy. My number of views are increasing, the last time I checked, it was eighteen thousand views.” Jeiel said.
“Wow! That’s lovely.” Riele replied.
“Have you heard from Klondike?” Jeiel asked.
“No, I intend to call her today. I just wanted to hear from you.” Riele said.
“Aww! Someone misses me.” Jeiel teased.
“Don’t deceive yourself,” Riele said, “I don’t miss your trouble.”
“Just admit it.” Jeiel continued to tease Riele.
“Fine,” Riele laughed and replied, “Okay, talk to you later.”
She ended the call and called Klondike via face time.
“Hi Klondike.” 
“Hey sis.” Klondike called out.
“Long time, no see.” Riele said.
“I know right? I miss you so much.” Klondike said.
“I miss you too, where are you?” Riele asked.
“I’m in Lagos.” Klondike replied.
 “Shut up!” 
“I am serious.” Klondike said.
“I thought you are in your home town.” Riele said.
“Nope, I’ve been in my mum’s house in Lekki the whole time.”
“Wow!” Riele exclaimed, “Maybe we could hangout some time before new year.”
“Yeah, that’d be great,” Klondike replied, “Speaking of hanging out, did I tell you that my mum runs a fashion school here in Lagos?” she asked.
“No, you didn’t.”
“Okay. So yeah, she owns a fashion school called ‘McKenzie’ and a set will be graduating on the 28th, that’s tomorrow. My mum will be launching some new designs for her clothing line and I will be one of the make-up artists. So, I was thinking if you would like to come?” Klondike said.
“Oh wow! I would love to attend, thank you,” Riele smiled, “But I have to ask my parents first though.” She added
“That’s fine,” Klondike said, “You will have to come to my house first and then we will go to the event together because it is going to be a big one, many people are going to be there.”
“Okay. I’ll get back to you.” Riele said.
“Ok, can I call you back? My mum is calling me.”
“Oh! that’s fine, we’ll talk later. Thank you so much.” Riele said.
The call ended and Riele walked out of the room to meet the rest of the family in the living room. As soon as she got there, Nancy exclaimed,
“Oh! there you are, I thought you were asleep.” 
“No, I was just lying on the bed.” Riele replied.
“Hey princess,” Jackson said.
“Hi Daddy.”
“I’m glad you are awake, I wanted us to go to Lekki conservation center this afternoon.” Jackson said.
“Nope, there is no way I’m going there. Remember what happened the last time I was there?” Nancy asked.
“Yes,” Jackson replied, laughing aloud, “You were so scared.” He added.
“Yes, and I nauseated half way through the walk way.” Nancy added.
“So, you will be staying home with Cydni. What about you mama?” Jackson asked.
“No, I’ll pass. I don’t have the strength to go there.” Benita replied.
“Well, Riele I guess it’s just you and I.”
“Yes, I will go with you dad. Besides, I haven’t been there before.” Riele replied.
“Okay great.” Jackson said.
“Mum, do you remember my friend, Klondike?” Riele asked.
“Yeah, your classmate, the make-up artist.” Nancy replied.
Riele smiled, “Yes, she is in Lagos. She came to spend the holiday with her mum.”
“Oh nice!” Nancy said.
Riele said, “Her mum owns a big fashion school in Lekki and there will be a graduation ceremony slash exhibition tomorrow and I got invited. So, I was thinking if I could go or if you would like to come with me.”
“No, I’ll be busy tomorrow but you can go. Mama’s driver can drop you off at Klondike’s house and then pick you up after the event.” Nancy said.
“Thank you so much mummy.” Riele said, hugging Nancy, “Dad, I’ll be in my room. Please call me when you are ready.”   
“Okay dear.” Jackson replied.
“McKenzie’s Graduation”
Riele was dressed and ready to leave the house, wearing a colorful Ankara jumpsuit and peach colored flat shoes. She styled her box braids, grabbed her purse and headed to the door. The moment she walked into the living room, Benita looked at her and exclaimed.
“Ah! My beautiful Tomike.”
“Grandma!” Riele called out, smiling sheepishly.
“I’m glad the Jumpsuit suits you well, you look beautiful my darling.” Benita said.
“Thank You Grandma, where is everyone?” Riele asked.
“Oh yes, your mummy and Cydni went out and your dad went to check on his new house.” Benita replied.
“Okay, are you sure you don’t want to come with me?” Riele asked.
“No, I’ll be fine. You go have fun with your friend. The driver is waiting in the car.” Benita replied.
“Thanks Grandma, see you later.”
~~~
Riele got to Klondike’s house in Lekki, drove into the compound, thanked the driver and went over to ring the doorbell. Klondike opened the door and called out,
“Riele!” she exclaimed, giving her a big smile.
“Hey Klondike, how are you?” Riele asked, walking into the house.
Klondike immediately sneezed into the handkerchief in her hand.
“Uh oh! You’ve got a flu?”
“Not really, I’m allergic to dust and harmattan. Lagos weather isn’t helping me.” Klondike replied.
“Sorry,” Riele said, “The traffic in Lagos is terrible, it took me one hour to get here. Are you ready?”
“No, but my mum is already at McKenzie’s.” Klondike replied.
“You have to be fast so we would get seats.” Riele added.
“Don’t worry about that, our seats have been reserved. Besides, it starts by 11:00 am. I love your jumpsuit by the way.” Klondike said.
“Thank you, it was a gift from my Grandma.” Riele said.
“Aww! It is very beautiful. C’mon, let’s go upstairs and get ready.”
“Get ready?” Riele asked.
“Yeah.”
“But I’m ready.” Riele said.
“Your cloth is ready but your face isn’t.” Klondike said, gesturing with her hands.
“My make-up is perfect the way it is.” Riele said.
“You have no idea where we are going, just come up stairs with me” Klondike said, held Riele’s hand and headed up stairs.
“Okay, if you insist.”
They got to the fashion academy and used a short cut to Klondike’s mum’s office because of the crowd. Klondike’s mum wasn’t in her office, so they took their invites and headed to the hall. The hall was very big, the runway was arranged with a lot of chairs around it. The event was about to kick off, so they got to their seats at the VIP section and settled in.
“Riele, I’m going to the backstage to see what is going on. I’ll be back shortly.”
Riele was lost in her thoughts as she admired the decorations and designs of the hall.
“Riele!” Klondike called out, tapping Riele’s lap.
“Huh?” Riele asked, getting herself together.
“I said, I’m going to the backstage. I’ll be back shortly.”
“Oh, okay.” Riele replied.
Few minutes later, Klondike walked back to her seat, smiling at Riele.
“Riele, my mum is backstage. Come with me, I’ll make an introduction.”
“Okay.” Riele said as she stood up and they went backstage.
Klondike’s mum, Serayah Ejike is middle aged, she is the CEO and founder of McKenzie’s fashion academy and clothing line. She is average in height, chocolate in complexion and a little bit plump.
They both got to the backstage, Serayah was addressing the graduating students/ fashion designers and when she finished, Klondike called out.
“Mum!” 
“Yes honey.” Serayah replied, turning around.
“I want to introduce you to my friend, mum, this is Riele my classmate, client and my very good friend. Riele, my mum.” Klondike gestured.
Riele said, “Nice to meet you ma’am.”
“Oh, come here,” Serayah said, giving Riele a hug, “How are you dear? Klondike has told me a lot about you.”
“I’m fine ma’am,” Riele replied, “Thanks for inviting me and congratulations on the launch of your new design.”
“Thank you so much, thanks for coming,” Serayah said.
Suddenly, Serayah’s phone rang and she excused herself to pick up the call.
“Klondike, you mum looks very young and beautiful.” Riele said.
“I know right? Thanks.”
“Sorry about that,” Serayah apologized. “I had to pick up the call.” She said, looking perplexed while focusing on her phone.
“Mum, is everything okay?” Klondike asked.
“No,” Serayah replied, “The model that is supposed to show case my new design on the run way just turned in sick. I’m trying to reach the modelling agency but they are not picking up my phone calls and the graduation ceremony is about to begin.” She added.
“What are you going to do now?” Klondike asked.
“I’ll keep trying the number and see if I can get another model,” Serayah replied, “I’ll see you both later. Riele, it’s so nice to finally meet you.”
“Nice to meet you too ma’am.” Riele replied.
Serayah smiled and left
“What can I do to help my mum?” Klondike asked, “I don’t know any model that is based in Lagos.”
Klondike stared at her phone in her hand for few seconds and exclaimed,
“Ha! I’m thinking of where to get a model and I forgot that a model is here, right in front of me.” She added.
“Really? Who?” Riele asked, looking around.
“You silly.” Klondike replied.
“What? But I’m not a model.” Riele said.
“I know you are not a model yet, but you have the features and the confidence of a model,” Klondike said.
 “No, I don’t.” Riele replied, frowning a little.
“Yes, you do. C’mon, you did so well in your last photoshoot and it came out great. This isn’t any different.” Klondike said.
“This is totally different Klondike,” Riele said, “That was a photoshoot with about ten people behind the camera and this is a runway where I’m going to walk a long distance with over two hundred people literally staring at me.” She added, sighed and sat on a nearby couch.
“Riele, you have to help my mum out with this please. The ceremony has started, you are my only hope.” Klondike pleaded.
“Do you think I can do it?” Riele asked.
“Of course, you can! You always do anything you put your mind into.” Klondike said.
Riele exhaled, “Alright, I will do it.”
“Yes!” Klondike exclaimed, “Thank you so much. C’mon, let’s go to my mum’s dressing section, she’ll probably be there.” She added.
They got to Serayah’s dressing section and Serayah was ahead of them, talking to one of her employees.
“Mum!” Klondike called out.
“Yes baby, you wanna see me?” Serayah asked.
“MmHmm.” Klondike nodded.
“Okay, go in. I’ll be with you in a sec.” Serayah said, pointing at a particular dressing section.
Klondike nodded and went in with Riele, looked at Riele and smiled.
“Don’t be nervous.” She said.
“What? No, I’m not nervous. Why would you say that?” Riele asked.
“Because, you are tapping your index finger on your lap, you do that when you are nervous.” Klondike said.
“No, I don’t.” Riele argued.
Klondike smiled, “You’ve been doing that since seventh grade.”
“Fine, I’m nervous.” Riele said, freaking out “This is really new to me, what if I forget to blink my eyes? What if my heel breaks? What if_”
“Tomike!” Klondike said, cutting her off, “You will be fine.”
Riele took a deep breath and nodded. Just then, Serayah walked in.
“Sorry, I took so long, had to organize some things.” Serayah said, sitting on a chair.
“Mum, have you gotten a model yet?” Klondike asked.
“No, the agency is still not picking up and I haven’t seen anyone yet.” Serayah replied.
“I will do it.” Riele said nervously.
“You. You will? You will do it for me?” Serayah asked, stammering and Riele nodded.
“Oh dear,” Serayah exhaled, getting up from where she was sitting, “Thank you so much, God bless you. First off, you’ll have to give me your account details, so I wou_”
“Mum! Mum!” Klondike called out.
“Yeah?” Serayah replied, looking at her.
“You can do that later, right now she has to get ready.” Klondike said.
“Right.” Serayah responded, “Now come with me for the dress fitting and then the make-up artist (referring to Klondike) will do a little touch up on your face.” She added.
“This is going to be fun.” Klondike said, grinning sheepishly.
Riele walked down the runway with so much confidence, showcasing three different designs with her unique skin color.  
The event was over, Riele was in Serayah’s dressing room, changed back to her jumpsuit and was getting ready to go home. Serayah and Klondike walked in laughing.
“Riele dear, thank you so much for helping me out today, you were really amazing up there.” Serayah said.
“Thank you and thanks to Klondike for convincing me to do it. I now know what it feels like to walk on a runway, Thanks a lot for this opportunity.”
“You are welcome.” Klondike replied.
“I have to get going.” Riele said.
“Already?” Serayah asked.
“Yes ma’am, my driver is waiting at the parking lot and my parents might be worried about me.” Riele replied.
“Okay dear, here is my business card,” Serayah said, handing a card over to Riele, “Feel free to call whenever you want and whenever you visit, McKenzie will always welcome you with open arms.” She added.
Riele smiled, “Thank you ma’am, have a good night.”
“You too sweetie.” Serayah responded.
“I’ll see you off,” Klondike said, “Mum, I’ll be right back.” She added and accompanied Riele to the parking lot. On their way there, she asked, “Do you know you were live on the television today?”
“Wait! What? Are you serious?” Riele asked.
“Yes,” Klondike replied, “There will be a repeat, an edited version by 8:00pm today, on a channel called Hip tv.”
“Wow! That’s amazing,” Riele said, “Oh, there’s the car. Thanks for inviting me.”
“Thanks for coming,” Klondike said and hugged Riele.
Riele got home at about few minutes past 8’o’clock, Benita and Jackson were watching the television in the sitting room, while Nancy was sitting with Cydni in the dining room. Riele walked in,
“Good evening everyone.” She said
“Ah! Tomike Kaabo oo.” Benita said. (means Tomike, welcome.)
“How are you darling?” Jackson asked.
“Thanks grandma, I’m fine dad,” She replied.
“How was the event?” Nancy asked.
“It was great,” She replied, “Change the channel to Hip tv, I have a surprise for y’all.”
Jackson replied, “Okay.”
“I’ll be back, let me go and freshen up.” Riele said walking towards the passage.
Riele was sitting in the dining room, having dinner and suddenly, Jackson shouted.
“Oh my God! Look at my baby. Nancy come and see our baby is on the television.”
Benita was surprised, “Is that Tomike?” she asked.
“Yes mama,” Nancy replied, “Look how she is walking with so much confidence.”
“You didn’t tell us that you walked on the runway Riele.” Jackson said.
“Surprise!” Riele said with her hands akimbo.
“Wow!” Nancy exclaimed.
Benita said “Wo! The event looks more like a fashion show than a graduation.” 
“Yes Grandma.”
“Aww, my baby is all grown. We’re all so proud of you Riele.” Jackson said.
“Thank you,” Riele replied, blushing shyly, “I didn’t plan to do it initially, Klondike’s mum needed a model to help showcase her new designs and Klondike convinced me to do it.” She added.
“Wow! What graduation is this?” Benita asked.
“McKenzie’s graduation.” Riele replied.
“Ah! I know McKenzie’s na. Sometimes, they recommend my store to their students, whenever they need the Ankara print.” Benita said.
“Really?” Riele asked.
“Yes, and remember you haven’t done the photoshoot for my store.” She said.
“Sorry Grandma, starting from tomorrow, I will be free. We can do it whenever you want.” Riele said.
“I will make the arrangements tomorrow.” Benita said.
Chapter 11
“New Year’s Eve.”
On New Year’s Eve, Riele was sitting under a shade in her grandma’s garden, checking her phone and drinking her favorite smoothie when Jeiel called via face time.
“Hey bestie!” Jeiel called out.
“Jeiel, OMG! It’s been like forever. How are you?” Riele asked.
“I’m fine, how’s Nigeria?” Jeiel asked.
“Nigeria is warm and I’m loving it.” She replied.
“Girl, it’s four degrees in London, like it’s really cold. I saw your cute pictures with Klondike, you guys are having so much fun.” Jeiel said.
“Yes, we met sometime last week.” Reiel replied.
“When are you travelling back to Canada?” Jeiel asked.
“On the second of January.” She replied.
Jeiel said “Okay, I will be travelling on the fifth. I found something Riele.” 
“What?” Riele asked.
“Do you remember those K-boots I wanted to buy earlier this year?” Jeiel asked. 
“Yeah?”
“It was so expensive then and I didn’t have enough money to buy it. I saw it last week in London for only 50 pounds.”
“Are you serious? Did you get it?”
“Yes, I bought it.” Jeiel replied.
“When we first saw it, it wasn’t popular. Now a lot of people have it.” Riele said.
“I don’t care, it’s operation ‘It may be out of season’ but imma rock it in it.” Jeiel said gesturing and speaking with an American accent.
 “You are so hilarious,” Riele replied, laughing aloud. “How are you celebrating New Year’s Eve?” She asked.
“Oh yeah, I’m going for a concert with my cousins. It’s a gospel concert in Coventry. I’m so excited, it’s going to be fun.” Jeiel replied.
“I bet it would,” Riele said, “Mine will be with family, we will probably go out, but I don’t know where yet.”
“How’s Cydni?”
“She is fine, she’s playing here in the garden. Cydni come say hi to Jeiel!” Riele called out, referring to Cydni. “She ignored me. I think she’s angry with me.”
“What did you do?” Jeiel asked, raising an eye brow.
“I refused to give her my smoothie.” Riele replied.
“You both are unbelievable.” Jeiel added.
“Grandma made it specially for me, I don’t know why she’s angry.”
“You’ve had enough, give Cydni the rest.” Jeiel said.
“But_” 
“Now Riele.” Jeiel said, acting like the elder sister.
“Fine,” Riele said, rolling her eyes. “Cydni come and have it.”  
Cydni rejoiced “Yay! Thank you.”
Riele said, “Jeiel, I did a photoshoot for my Grandma’s boutique store last week’s Saturday. We had to move it because of the family’s thanksgiving dinner.”
“Yeah, I saw your pictures with your cousins.”
“It was a small dinner with family and close friends. I met some of my relatives I haven’t met in years. Do you remember Rodney?” Riele asked.
“Yeah, Rodney my love, my number one crush.” Jeiel replied.
“Right,” Riele laughed, “He came with his girlfriend, Shania.”
“Aww! Is she cute?” Jeiel asked.
“She is very beautiful, I liked her cute little haircut, it made her look very classy.” 
“Aww! Anyway, I have to go prepare for the concert.”
“Okay, we’ll talk later.” Riele said.
“Bye.”
“New Year.”
Riele was in the room folding her clothes into her suitcase and getting ready for the journey. Benita walked in the room with two delivery bags.
“Hi grandma.” Riele said.
“Tomike darling, are you all packed up for tomorrow?” Benita asked.
“I’m almost done packing.” She replied.
“Okay, I brought some Ankara materials from my store. You can sew it when you get to Ontario.” Handing the package to Riele.
“OMG! Thank You grandma, they are so beautiful.”
“You’re welcome dear. When you get back to Ontario, make sure you take care of yourself, believe in yourself and follow your dreams. You are a rainbow, let your light shine because you are a star, if you need to talk to someone, remember that Grandma is here and will support you no matter what. Even if it means for me to take the next flight to Ontario, I’ll do that for you.” Benita said.
Riele became emotional, trying to hold back her tears.
“I am and always will be proud of you, go out there, be your authentic self because no one can be you like you and continue to make Grandma proud.” Benita added.
Riele said, wiping her tears, “Thanks Grandma, I’ll miss you.”
 Benita hugged her. “I’ll miss you too. Ehnn, do you remember my friend Adenike?”
“Yes, the woman we met the other day, that owns the beautiful art gallery.”
“Oh yes, she sent these beads to you,” handing the beads over to Riele, “She said it will remind you of your culture and your visit to Nigeria.”
“Oh wow! These are really beautiful, thank you so much.”
Benita stood up from where she sat, “Let me allow you to finish packing, it’s almost lunch time.”
“I’ll be out in few minutes.” Riele replied.
“Alright.” Benita said, leaving the room.
Chapter 12
“Ontario, Canada.” 
It was the sixth day in the month of January, the Oladeles were settled in Ontario, Canada. Riele had finished doing her laundry in the laundry room and was folding the clothes, putting them in a basket, Nancy called out from the kitchen.
“Riele!”
“Yes mum!”
“Are your clothes still in the washing machine?” Nancy asked.
“No, I just took them out of the dryer.” Riele replied.
“That was fast,” Nancy said, “I’m coming to wash Cydni’s clothes.”
Few minutes later, Nancy walked into the laundry room, humming a song happily.
“Mum, you’ve been humming this song for a while now. What song is that?”
“The psalmist sang it in church today, it hasn’t left my mind ever since.” Nancy replied.
Riele smiled and shook her head.
“Are you ready for tomorrow?” Nancy asked.
“Not really, I haven’t packed my bag pack and I haven’t ironed my clothes. I also need to get my winter coats from my closet, I still have a lot to do.” 
“I will help you do some things, okay?”
“Thanks mum.”
“You’re welcome. The jetlag really affected you.”
Riele yawned, “Yeah.”
“So, you are finally in your last semester in high school. You are all grown up, I’m proud of the lady you are becoming.” Nancy said.
“Thanks mummy.”
“So, has anyone asked you out on a date yet?” Nancy asked. 
Riele was set aback by the question, “What?” 
“Yeah, answer me.”
“Mum!” 
“I’m waiting.” Nancy said, dropping the soap she was holding.
“Mum, I don’t wanna do this right now.”
“Tell me.” Nancy insisted.
“Mum, I will be in my room.” Riele said, hurriedly walking to the stair case.
“You can’t keep running, you know that right.” Nancy said.
“Yeah yeah.” Riele said under her breath.
“Green Ville Highschool.”
It was the first day of school for the year and Riele’s final semester in high school. Riele dropped down from the school bus, adjusted her winter coat and walked hurriedly on the walk way to the main entrance because it was very cold and windy, about five degrees celcius. When Riele got to her block, she showed a sign of relieve because of the warmth, the hall way was busy, full and noisy, students were exchanging pleasantries, arranging their lockers et cetera,
Riele walked down to her locker, kept her lunch bag, her winter coat and some school supplies, took a deep breath and headed to class.
Riele was wearing a blue cardigan, leather trousers and a pair of black boots. She walked into her class and headed to her usual seat. She settled down, said a little prayer and Trevor interrupted in the end, saying.
“and Amen.”
“Trevor!”
“Hi Riri, Happy new year.” He said, hugging Riele.
“Yeah, Happy new year. I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you too, I tried calling during Christmas but your number wasn’t connecting.” Trevor said, sitting on his seat.
“Oh Yeah, I went to see my Grandma in Nigeria.”
“Wow! That explains the glow. I’m sure you had a good time.”
“It was an amazing experience. What about you? Where did you spend Christmas?” Riele asked.
“I stayed back in Ontario. I didn’t do a lot of outing because of the cold.” He replied.
“Tell me about it, Christmas is always so cold here.”
“Yeah, I have always heard of how cold it gets doing winter especially during Christmas, I hadn’t experienced it till last year. Where’s Jeiel?” He asked.
“I don’t know, she should probably be on her way.” Riele replied.
“Okay.”
Suddenly, Nafi walked towards their seat, smiling beautifully.
 “Hi.” She said.
“Nafi!” Riele called out and hugged her.
“Hi!” She said, waving shyly at Trevor.
“Hello.” Trevor replied.
Riele asked, “How have you been?”
“Well, I’ve been fine. Tryna live my best life.” 
“Of course. Where is Skai? I haven’t seen her today.” 
“Yeah, Skai won’t be resuming today. She is not feeling too well.” Nafi replied,
“Oh my!” Riele exclaimed.
“She had an asthma attack yesterday but she’s stable now.”
“I’ll give her a call when I get home.” Riele said.
Nafi said, “Okay, I have to go now. I have some catching up to do, see you guys later.” 
“Okay.” Riele replied.
Nafi smiled at Trevor and walked away.
“I think you have an admirer.” Riele said.
“What? Who?” Trevor asked.
Riele looked at where Nafi sat and then looked back at Trevor who was already blushing.
“Wow! I knew it!” 
“What is it?” Trevor asked, still blushing.
“Nothing.”
“C’mon, tell me.”
“I haven’t seen a guy blush in a long time, you have a crush on her.”
“Oh please,” Trevor spat, “You are just imagining things.”
“She’s finally here,” Riele said, referring to Jeiel, who just walked into the class and was heading towards Riele’s seat.
“Hi guys!” Jeiel said, hugging the both of them.
“What’s up Jeiel? How was your holiday?” Trevor asked.
“It was great. How was yours?”
“It was fine.” Trevor replied.
Riele asked, “Why are you just coming?”
“I woke up late, my body is still adjusting to the new time zone.”
“New time zone?” Trevor asked.
“Yeah, she spent Christmas in the UK,” Riele said, “I asked her to learn the British accent and she came back with a Canadian accent.” Trevor laughed.
“What were you guys talking about when I walked into class?” Jeiel asked.
“Yeah, Trevor has a crush on Nafi.” Riele said.
“Really?” 
“Yes.” Riele replied, smiling sheepishly.
“Please Jeiel, don’t listen to her. She doesn’t know what she’s saying.”
Riele’s phone beeped and she checked it, “Klondike just sent me a text, looks like she won’t be resuming today.” She said.
“Okay. Trevor, my bestie doesn’t make things up. Besides, you and Nafi would make a great couple.”
“I know right? Who knows, they might turn out to be the prom king and prom queen.” Riele said.
“You know it.” Jeiel said, giving Riele a high five.
Trevor said, “You guys are unbelievable.”
The Mathematics teacher immediately walked into the classroom and the classes started for the semester.
~~~
On Wednesday evening, dinner was served on the dining table, the Oladeles where eating and Jackson exclaimed.
“Mmm! This meal is delicious, this steak is crispy on the outside, I love it.”
“Thank you honey.” Nancy replied.
“Riele, would that be enough for you?” Jackson asked, pointing at her plate.
“Yes dad,” She replied, “I don’t have much appetite this evening.”
“Oshey! Modella.” Jackson teased, “Body goals.”
“Dad!” Riele called out.
“That reminds me, I spoke with Tiffany Hudson today, she sends her regards. Riele, she said she wants to see you and she has a new offer on the table.”
“Really?” Riele asked.
“Yes, she wanted to see us this Saturday but she’ll be travelling for an important meeting, so she’ll see us on the 19th of this month.”
“Okay.” Riele replied.
“Sounds like a huge deal.” Jackson said.
“I hope so.” Nancy replied with her fingers crossed.
“So Riele, how is the college application going? Have you made up your mind yet?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, I have. I have decided to apply to two colleges, University of Toronto and Sheridan College.”
“Good choice.” Nancy said.
“I see you’ve finally made up your mind.” Jackson said.
“Yes daddy. I’m almost through with the college applications, just the essays that’s left.”
“That’s good, when you finish, you’ll give them to your mum and I to check before you submit it.”
“Okay daddy.” Riele replied.
“Now let’s make a toast.” Jackson said raising his glass of orange juice.
“A toast?” Riele asked.
“Yeah. We’ll toast with the orange juice. C’mon, grab your glass cups let’s make a toast. To Riele Tomike Oladele, the hottest model and the youngest CEO of the Oladele’s Empire,” Glasses clicked, “Oshey! We are so proud of you Riele.”
“Thanks daddy.” Riele replied with a confused expression on her face.
Nancy laughed, “You are so dramatic,” referring to Jackson.
Chapter 13
On Friday afternoon, Riele was sitting with Jeiel in class, they just got back from the cafeteria and they were waiting for the next class to begin.
Jeiel said, “I’m so glad the time table was adjusted. Just when I thought the semester was going to be stressful and then BOOM, free periods and less extracurricular activities, like isn’t God wonderful?”
“He is.” Riele replied with a straight face.
“Just one more class and two free periods, then we’ll be done for the day. I wonder why they decided to give us two free periods on Friday.”
Riele replied, “I guess their plan is to give us more time to prepare for our standard tests.”
“Right.”
“Have you submitted your college applications?” Riele asked.
“Not yet, what about you?” 
“I’m almost through, just the essay part left.”
“It’s not compulsory to write an essay.” Jeiel said.
“I know, it’s just that my application looks very straight forward, I just need something to spice it up.”
“I understand.”
“I’m struggling to compose a simple essay. You know I’m not really good at writing essays. It’s too difficult.” Riele said sadly.
“Why do you always get yourself so worked up?” Jeiel asked, “You are very smart and I know you can do this. Writing this essay is not hard at all, the school just wants to know you, what you like, what you can do, your achievements so far and what you plan to do in future. They don’t need anything elaborate, just something simple and short, about 300 words.”
“But Jeiel, I’m trying.” Riele said.
“I know you are and I know you can do better, stop saying it is difficult and get your mind to it. You’ll see that it will turn out great okay?” 
Riele nodded.
“That reminds me, I have to go see Mr. Stanley- the school’s counselor- after the last class. I need to confirm something about my application before submitting it. Cheer up okay? You’re gonna be alright.” Jeiel said.
Riele smiled lightly and Mr Smith, the literature teacher, walked into the class.
The class ended, Riele was sitting in class with her laptop, trying to compose her essay. Trevor noticed how uneasy she was and asked.
“Is everything okay?”
“Yeah, everything is fine.” Riele replied in a low tone.
“Don’t lie to me, what is it?” He asked.
Riele exhaled, “I’m trying to compose a good essay for my college application and it’s very difficult. I hate writing essays.” She complained.
“It’s not that hard, it’s just for your college application.” Trevor said.
“Yeah, everyone keeps saying that but no one understands me.”
“I have an idea.” 
“What is it?” Riele asked.
“Come with me.” He said, standing up from his seat.
“Where are we going?” Riele asked.
“Trust me, just come with your laptop and your phone.”
“I’m not in the mood for your jokes right now Trevor. I am not going anywhere until you tell me where we are going.” Riele said.
“Fine, we are going to the courtyard.”
“The courtyard?”
“Yes, to write a good essay, you don’t need noise or any form of distraction. You would need to write in a place that inspires you, somewhere quiet and peaceful, not in this noisy class. C’mon, let’s go.”
Riele grabbed her laptop and her phone and walked out of the class with Trevor.
They got to the courtyard, it was warm and quiet with four benches arranged neatly.
“Wow! This place is beautiful.” Riele exclaimed.
“I know right? It was renovated last semester. Come on, sit.” Pointing at a bench beside him.
“Everywhere is warm and quiet, but how is that going to help me write a good essay?” She asked.
“I come here often, especially when I want to achieve something big and when I need inspiration.”
“Okay.” Riele said with a straight face.
“Now close your laptop and keep it beside you. Forget about the essay for now and look at me.” 
“What?” Riele asked.
“Just do it! You are so stubborn.”
Riele rolled her eyes and kept her laptop beside her.
“Now tell me, who are you?” Trevor asked, looking directly into Riele’s eyes.
“Huh?” She asked.
“Just tell me about yourself, who are you?”
Riele exhaled, “My name is Riele Tomike Oladele. I’m seventeen years old and I am a Nigerian.”
“That’s not what I meant. Just be at ease and tell me, who is Riele?”
“Who am I? Oh my! Um, I am an aspiring model, I’m a rainbow, I am a light, both dim and bright. I am flaws made beautiful from the tips of my afro to the sole of my feet,” Gesturing with her hands. “I am really tough but also soft like butter, I am an ambivert.”
“Hmm!” Trevor exclaimed. 
Riele smiled, “What? I love to sing and dance, I love anything artistic, from drawings to paintings, sculptures and other things related to art, I love to design places especially homes, offices et cetera. That is why I have chosen to study interior design because I’m good at combining colors and different patterns. I am, um, I don’t know, I mean I’m all these in one piece. People with words don’t make me, people with words can’t break me. So, that’s who I am.”
“Do you know you just composed an essay?” Trevor asked.
“Huh? More like a speech.”
“Yeah, you just said some points of your essay informally.”
“I did?” Riele asked.
“Yes.”
“I don’t think so. Besides, I can’t remember all I just said.”
“I gatchu.” Trevor said smiling.
“What do you mean?” Riele asked.
Trevor removed his phone from his pocket and showed Riele.
“Did you record it?” Riele asked, surprised.
“Umhmm!” Trevor nodded, “I’ll send it to you. Use it to compose your essay, just something short.”
“Thank You Tee.”
 “You’re welcome. Before you submit your application, send the essay to me, so I would check for adjustments and corrections.”
“Aye Aye Captain!” She playfully saluted.
“Weekend”
Jackson and Cydni were in the sitting room watching the television. Nancy walked out of the kitchen, grabbed her car keys and yelled.
“Riele c’mon! we are going to be late!”
“I’ll be down in a sec mum!” Riele replied from her room.”
“I wonder why she’s wasting so much time dressing up, we are just going to the spa.” Nancy said.
“I’m here.” Riele said, running down the stair case.
“Finally, are you ready for our mother-daughter outing?”
“Yes.” Riele replied, smiling sheepishly.
“Cydni look, they are leaving without us.” Jackson said.
“Hmm.” Cydni replied.
“It’s so unfair.” Jackson added.
Cydni stood up from where she was sitting, tapped Jackson on his lap and said with her tiny voice.
“Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it.”
Nancy and Riele smiled at each other.
“Soon, we’ll be going for our own daddy-daughter date. Just to have fun for the whole day with daddy.” Jackson said.
“Sounds like fun.” Cydni said.
“Oh please!” Nancy exclaimed.
Jackson said, “Our team name is going to be ‘TEAM CYDSON’, get it?”
“No.” Cydni replied with a straight face.
Riele laughed, “Your team mate doesn’t support the team name.”
“We are still working on it.” Jackson said.
“Okay, see you guys later.” Nancy said.
“Bye!”
~~~
Nancy and Riele were in the spa, laying side by side in tubs filled with the treatment mud, their white faces and slices of cucumber covering their eyes.
“Riele, you have been quiet since we got here, what’s wrong? What are you thinking about?” Nancy asked.
“A lot of things mum.”
“You can talk to me. I have all day.”
“Well, I’ve been thinking a lot about college, leaving high school, my college applications, Tiffany’s proposal and my standard tests.”
“Woah! That’s a lot. You have to stop thinking about them too much, so you don’t get stressed out. Just keep studying and I’m sure your test scores are going to be very high.” Nancy said.
“But mum, the pressure is too much.”
“I know baby, don’t worry, everything is going to be fine. As for Tiffany’s meeting, I’m sure her proposal is going to be a huge deal. So, just take a deep breath and enjoy the moment okay?”
“Okay mum.” Riele replied.
“On our way to the restaurant, we are going to have a mother-daughter karaoke section in the car.”
“Yeah, we haven’t done that in ages.” Riele said smiling.
“Umhmm!” Nancy nodded.
“I have an updated karaoke playlist. We are going to have so much fun.”
“That’s the spirit yeah?”
“I love you mum.”
“I love you too baby.”
Chapter 14
“Tiffany’s Proposal.”
Saturday, the 19th of January, Nancy and Riele walked out of the parking lot to the main entrance of Tiffany’s empire, they got into the elevator and headed to Tiffany’s office. The secretary ushered them into the office and as they got there, they noticed Tiffany was on a call, so they took their seats and waited.
“Good morning guys,” Tiffany said, keeping her phone on the table, “Sorry for the delay, how are you guys?” She asked.
“We are fine,” Nancy replied.
“Tomike, how’s school? Soon, you’ll be going off to college yeah?”
Riele smiled, “Yeah.”
Tiffany asked, “How was the Christmas celebration?”
“It was amazing.” Nancy replied.
“Yes, it was.” Riele added.
“That explains why you both are glowing, thanks a lot for coming.” Tiffany said.
“Thanks for having us.” Nancy replied.
“Okay, so about the proposal I talked about over the phone the other day.”
“Yeah.”
“We have a new offer on the table and it’s huge, trust me, I’m not exaggerating. It’s one of the biggest deals I’ve had in a long time. But before I go on, Riele, I want to ask you something very important.”
“Okay.” Riele replied.
“Do you really like modelling? Is it what you’ve always wanted to do? Do you enjoy doing it?” Tiffany asked.
“Umm.”
“I know that’s a lot but I need you to genuinely answer them because what I am about to tell you is very important. It’s about you, about your future.” Tiffany said.
“Well, I love modelling, it’s fun and it has helped me to find myself. Modelling allows me to express myself in a way I haven’t done before. It hasn’t really been my dream to be a model because I didn’t know what I wanted for myself, but I enjoy doing it. It’s one of the best decisions I’ve made in my entire life, I think last year was the perfect time to find out that I could do something different and unique and not just be an average Nigerian-Canadian teenager, living without a purpose.” Riele said.
“Okay.” Tiffany said, “I asked you those questions so it won’t seem like your mum and I are pressurizing you, or forcing you to do what you don’t want to do. We want the best for you and we want you to live your best life, doing what you love, because that’s what matters, you know what I mean?” She added and Riele nodded.
“I have very few friends that do what I do, they own big fashion companies and organizations that have a lot of international deals and last month, I was invited to a fashion relaunch of a friend of mine in Paris. I went there with few copies of the December edition of my magazine and I gave them out to friends and colleagues. I made new friends from Korea, Hongkong, Amsterdam et cetera and we exchanged business cards. Since then, I have been getting a lot of phone calls, appointments concerning my company, my magazine. A lot of them are interested in you, working as a model for them, because they loved the pictures on the magazine.”
“Really?” Riele asked, surprised at Tiffany’s statement.
“Yes, the companies calling are not just in Canada but are in and outside of the continent. So, like I said, this is a huge deal and trust me, the pay is going to be huge.”
“Wow!” Nancy exclaimed.
“Yeah, Riele let me tell you something. Modelling is not just about the photoshoots, the runways, the fashion shows and stuff like that, it requires dedication, determination, confidence and patience. I’m going to give you some time to think about this because I know you don’t make hasty decisions. Don’t hesitate to call me when you’ve made up your mind okay?” Tiffany asked.
“Okay auntie, thank you so much.” Riele replied.
“Yeah, thanks a lot for this great opportunity.” Nancy added.
“Thank you. I would have loved to stay and chat but I have a flight to catch in an hour.” Tiffany said, standing up and putting some files into her hand bag.
“Okay,” Nancy said, “It’s high time we started leaving, so you won’t miss your flight.”
“Thanks a lot auntie, have a safe trip.” Riele said hugging Tiffany.
“Thank you darling.”
“Nancy, we’ll talk later over the phone yeah?” Tiffany asked.
“Yes, definitely, definitely.” Nancy replied, hugging Tiffany.
~~~
Friday evening, Riele grabbed a bottle of orange juice from the fridge, a packet of potato chips from the cupboard and headed to her room. She got to the staircase and exclaimed.
“Oh mum!”
“Yes darling.” Nancy replied from the sitting room.
“Have you heard from aunt Tiffany since the last meeting?”
“Yes, is there any problem?” Nancy asked.
“Umm, I just wanted to know if she is back from her trip, and to tell her that I’ve made up my mind and I accept her proposal.” Riele replied.
“Wow! That’s good. I doubt if she is back to Ontario, you can give her a call if you want to.” Nancy suggested.
“Okay, let me go get my phone so we can call her.” Riele said.
“We?” Nancy asked and Riele nodded, “Oh that wouldn’t be necessary, just give her a call, speak with her one on one, let her know that you accept her proposal and that you are doing it on your own free will. I will talk to her later.”
“Mummy are you sure?” Riele asked, perplexed.
“Yes.” Nancy replied.
Riele paused for a while and then exhaled, “If you insist.” She said and headed to her room.
 Riele sat on her bed, gulped her orange juice, took a deep breath and grabbed her phone to call Tiffany. She dialed Tiffany’s number twice and wondered why she wasn’t picking up. Few minutes later, just when Riele was about to open her pack of potato chips, a call came in via facetime.
Riele panicked, “OMG! Aunt Tiffany is calling. Okay Riele, take a deep breath and speak, take a deep breath and speak,” Riele exhaled and picked up the call, “Hi Auntie.”
“Hey Riele, how are you?” Tiffany asked.
“I’m fine, what about you?” 
“Well, I’m doing fine.” Tiffany replied.
“Are you back from your trip?” Riele asked.
“No, not yet.”
“Okay, I called to inform you that I accept your proposal, and I am ready to start a career in modelling.”
“Oh! That is great news, I’m glad you’ve made up your mind. So, let the work begin.” Tiffany said.
Riele was shocked. Opening her eyes, she asked, “What? Now?”
“Yes, we have to start planning now because time is not on our side.” 
“Okay.” Riele answered nervously.
“I will send the contract papers to your mum first thing tomorrow morning but we’ll have to start planning now,” Tiffany said, “First of, you are going to need a manager, someone that will be your spokesman, someone that will travel with you on your trips, direct you, attend meetings with you with other managers and CEOs. Do you have anyone in mind?”
“Umm, not really. The only person I think, that can be a great manager is you.” 
“Really? Why did you say that?” Tiffany asked.
“Yeah, I wanted to ask my mum but then I realized that she’ll be busy with work and the family and she won’t be able to go for all trips with me. You are like a mother to me. This is related to what you do and I’m sure you are very good at it. You know a lot of people, agencies and companies related to modelling. It will be great to have you as my manager.” Riele replied.
“Aww! That’s so sweet. Well, okay, I will be your manager. I’ll attend meetings and interviews with you, I’ll travel with you and attend your shows.”
“Thank you so much auntie.” Riele said.
“Yeah, speaking of shows. A good friend of mine is having a fashion show on the 23rd of February to launch her spring collection, courtesy of Andrea Iyamah.”
“Andrea Iyamah?” Riele asked, surprised.
“Yeah, do you know her?”
“I don’t know her personally. I just know that she has nice collections of swim wears and other designs.” Riele replied.
“You are right. So, she wants me to help get models for her, models that will showcase her collection and I was thinking if you would like to be one of them.”
“Hmm, I wish.” Riele said under her breath.
“What did you say?” Tiffany asked.
“N_Nothing!” Riele stammered.
“You said something.”
Riele exhaled, “I would have loved to be one of the models at Andrea Iyamah’s show. It’s just that I don’t think I can walk on the runway with so much elegance and confidence as the other models do on her shows.”
“You just need to be trained.” Tiffany said.
“Trained?” Riele asked.
“Yes, why those models walk with so much confidence is because they have been trained and I know the perfect person that can train you.”
“Who?” Riele asked.
“Jammal.”
“Jammal, the hair stylist?”
“Yes, he usually trains the models before they go on shows. Besides, he studied Etiquette as a minor in college, so yeah, he is good at it.”
“Wow! When do I start?” Riele asked.
“Before you start anything, we’ll have to check your schedule at school, family time and social life, so we can make sure that modelling doesn’t take all your time.”
“Right.” Riele nodded.
“Have you applied to college?”
“Yes, I have.”
“Okay, what about your standard tests?”
“The last test is going to be on the 9th of February.”
“I’ll leave you to prepare for your tests, you can start training after your tests.”
“Okay, thank you. Oh! My mum is calling me downstairs, I think dinner is ready.” Riele immediately said.
“Okay dear, we’ll talk more when I get back to Ontario. Take good care of yourself okay?”
Riele smiled, “I will, good night auntie.”
“Good night darling.”
Chapter 15
“The Unexpected”
It was the month of February, Riele had gotten her driver’s license and was allowed to use Nancy’s second car. She had written her standard test and had started training with Jammal. They had finished training for the day at Tiffany’s empire when Jammal concluded.
“And that’s a wrap for today. Riele you are doing great.”
“Thanks Jammal,” She replied, smiling sheepishly, “I still wonder how you work so well in stilettoes.”
“Well, it’s continuous training.” Jammal said with his hands akimbo.
“Okay, I have to get going now. I wanna get some groceries before heading home.”
“Okay.”
“Bye Jammal.” Riele said, walking towards the door of the training studio.
“Bye Girl!” Jammal responded, waving at her.

Riele got the groceries and drove herself home. Getting home, she realized that no one was at home, so she unpacked the groceries and was about to take a shower when she heard the doorbell.
“Oh, thank God someone is back!” She exclaimed. She walked to the door, opened it and was surprised, “Jeiel?” She asked unbelievably.
Jeiel looked very pale, her eyes were red and swollen and her hair looked untidy.
“OMG! What happened?” Riele asked, “Come in.”
Jeiel staggered into the living room and sat on the edge of a couch.
“I’ll get you a glass of water.” Riele said.
Riele walked into the kitchen, took the glass of water and headed back to the living room. She got there and saw Jeiel staring at the ceiling, thinking deeply. She handed the water over to Jeiel and sat beside her.
“Jeiel, talk to me. What is wrong?”
“My. My parents.” Jeiel stammered amid tears.
“What is it Jeiel? Please talk to me, you are scaring me.”
“My parents are getting divorced.” Jeiel said as she cried aloud.
“What? How? How is that even possible?” Riele asked in shock. She hugged Jeiel and tried to console her. 
Some moments later, when Jeiel had calmed down a little, Riele asked, “Are you sure about this? How did you find out?”
“Well,” Jeiel said, wiping her tears, “You know, for the past three years, my dad hasn’t been around like he used to.”
“Yes, I remember when we were in middle school, you told me that your dad had opened another branch of his company in the states.”
“My dad got back to Canada last night, he got me a lot of gifts and stuff. I was so happy up until this morning, when I overheard my parents seriously arguing. I peeped into their room and saw my mum crying, my dad touched her on the shoulder, trying to console her but my mum pushed him away, stood up and yelled, “Why are you doing this to us? To Jeiel your daughter. Do you even have a heart?”  Jeiel broke into tears again.
“I’m so sorry.” Riele apologized, hugging her.
“It turns out that my dad has another family in New Jersey, where he opened the other company and my mum just found out today. He didn’t tell her he was married before they got married.”
“What? He was married before?”
“I was so angry that I locked myself in the bathroom and cried for over four hours in the shower,” Jeiel said, “For the past three years, I had gotten used to living with a single parent- my mum, and I think I’m going to get used to that for the rest of my life. I don’t care, my family might be small, just my mum and I, I’m going to be someone, I’m going to make it, I’m going to make my mum proud no matter what.” She added.
“Anything that happens, just know that I’ll always be here supporting you in the little way I can. Just be strong okay?” Riele said as she wrapped her arms around Jeiel.
“Thank you so much bestie.” Jeiel replied, cleaning the tears on her cheeks.
Few minutes later, Jeiel and Riele were still sitting in the living room in silence when Riele said.
“You know what? I think I know what will cheer you up.” Riele said, “I have a job to do next week’s Saturday and I will like you to come with me.”
“Riele please I am not in the mood to work.” Jeiel replied.
“I’m asking you to work silly. I am modelling for Andrea Iyamah’s new launch and I was hoping if you would like to come and watch me.”
“Are you serious?”
“Of course, I’m serious. You can vlog if you want to, you can do ‘A Day in my life’ Vlog or some other things that vloggers do. I mean, it’s not a bad idea, right?”
“That will be very nice, thank you.” Jeiel replied with a light smile on her face.
That evening after dinner, Riele got out of the bathroom and was getting ready to go to bed when a call came in via facetime.
“Strange numbers have been calling me lately, who could this be?” Riele asked and picked up the call.
“Hey Riri.” Bryan called out.
“Bryan?”
“Are you surprised?” He asked.
“I am, I mean, it’s been so long. How have you been?”
“I’ve been doing great. You forgot about me.” Bryan said.
“No, I didn’t.” Riele replied.
“Yes, this is the first time we’re talking this year, right?” He asked
“Right.”
“Umhmm.” Bryan raised one of his eyebrows.
“Oh no! Don’t give me that look. I tried calling once but it didn’t connect.”
“Yeah, I changed my number.” Bryan said.
“So, it’s not totally my fault, you should have called.”
“Okay, Okay, I take the blame for it.” Bryan said.
“You’d better.” Riele replied.
“How’s everyone at home? How’s Cydni? My baby.”
“Everyone is fine, Cydni isn’t a baby anymore.”
“Yeah right.”
“When did you get back?” Riele asked.
“I got back few days ago.”
“Spring break I guess.”
“No, that’s not what brought me back. I have new project that I’m working on and I need few things from Ontario.” He said.
“Okay. How’s Stephanie?”
“Yeah she’s fine. So, what have you been up to?” He asked.
“Nothing much. I’ve been busy with school, work and stuff like that.” Riele replied.
“Look who is growing up.” He teased.
“Hey! Why do you always have to tease me every time.” Riele asked.
“I’m not teasing you,” Bryan replied, “Besides, I haven’t teased you this year.”
“Whatever.” Riele spat, rolling her eyes.
“I just got back, you wanna link up?” Bryan asked.
“Yeah, that’ll be nice.”
“We can go see a movie, play games, you know, just have a day to ourselves.” He added.
“Wait, are you asking me out on a date?” Riele asked.
“Well, something like that.” He replied, “So, when will you be free? Saturday?”
“I’ll be busy on Saturday, let’s make it Sunday.” Riele said.
“Ok cool.”
“It’s getting late, I have to go to bed.” Riele said and yawned.
“We’ll talk later sleepy head, good night.”
“Night Bryan.” Riele replied.
Riele applied her daily moisturizer, laid on her bed and was about to close her eyes when another call came in via facetime.
“Oh! Auntie Tiffany. Hi auntie, good evening.” Riele said as she picked up her phone.
“Good evening honey, how are you?” Tiffany asked.
“I’m fine auntie.”
“Did I wake you up?”
“No, no you didn’t.” Riele replied.
“I’m sorry for calling this late, I had to speak with you urgently.” Tiffany said.
“Is everything okay?”
“Everything is fine yeah. Quick question, have you ever been to the states?”
“Yes, two years ago, my summer vacation was in Connecticut, USA.” Riele replied.
“Okay great. Do you remember when I told you that your job requires focus and determination and you’re going to be travelling to different countries?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, there’s great news. When I went to Paris for that fashion relaunch I told you about, I met a friend who now works with Victoria secret. We exchanged business cards, we discussed about a lot of things, I sent some of my magazines to her and two days ago, I was offered or rather, we were offered a contract.”
“Really? We? Do they know me?” Riele asked.
“Of course, they know you,” Tiffany replied, “I sent some of my magazines to them and somehow, you caught their attention. They loved your pictures, your skin color, your posture and your facial expressions in the magazine. They did their personal research and they have decided to make you one of their ambassadors.”
Riele was shocked, “For real?” She asked.
“Yes, I would have loved to meet you and tell you in person but I’ve been really busy lately. I’m currently in Miami for a meeting and I promise to come visit when I get back to Ontario.”
“Oh wow! This is really amazing, I mean, I don’t know what to say. I still don’t understand how, thank you so much auntie.” Riele said in amazement.
“You are welcome but that’s not all.”
“There’s more?” Riele asked, getting emotional, “Oh my God!”
“A certain company in California sent an email to me and hold on, why are you crying?” Tiffany asked, confused.
Riele sniffed, “I’m sorry, I’m just an emotional wreck. Please go on.”
“Okay. As I was saying,” Tiffany continued, “A certain company sent me an email, concerning an event that will be holding in the month of April, titled ‘THE GIRL POWER’. The aim of the event is to empower and encourage girls/women to be themselves, follow their dreams and be whoever they want to be, regardless of their race, religion, skin color et cetera. There’s going to be a photoshoot of ladies from different countries, religions and races. These pictures are going to be on the internet, billboards and even fliers, to inform people about the event.” She narrated.
“Hmm! Sounds great, but I don’t understand, what does that have to do with me?” Riele asked.
“Riele honey, you have been chosen as one of the girls to represent Canada in the shoot.”
“Are you serious? I don’t know what to say. How did they get to know me?” 
“It’s a small world Riele, I think it’s high time you started believing in yourself and accept to be the queen that you are.”
“This is a lot to take in at once.” Riele said, still in shock, “I’m really excited and nervous at the same time.”
Tiffany said, “It’s okay to be nervous, Riele just think about this. This will be a great opportunity, you are going to meet a lot of people, different companies are going to know you and the best thing is that they have huge sponsors like BET, E! entertainment and other private companies. Do you know what that means? A lot of models will kill to have half the opportunities you have. Just think about it okay?”
“I will, thank you.”
“Oh please, stop thanking me, I haven’t discussed it with your parents yet, I hope to do that tomorrow. I want to tell you one more thing, I know it’s getting late and you should be tired but I won’t take much of your time. I guess it’s almost midnight over there?” Tiffany asked.
“It’s past midnight.” Riele replied.
“Oh my! Sorry for keeping you up. I was thinking, since you have written your standard tests, is there a way you could take few days off school next month? You know, for Victoria secret and the photoshoot.”
“I think I have a short holiday next month, about two weeks holiday. I will get back to you when I confirm.”
“Okay, I will discuss the rest with your parents. For now, let’s focus on our first job next Saturday. Are you excited?” Tiffany asked.
“I’m so excited. I can’t believe that I will work with Andrea Iyamah for a day. Thank you so much auntie, you are the best manager anyone could ever ask for.” Riele said and yawned almost immediately.
“I have to go now and you need to catch some sleep. Take care of yourself okay?”
“I will, good night auntie.”
“Night darling.”
Chapter 16
“Date with Bryan Hudson.”
That Sunday afternoon, the Oladeles just had lunch. Riele went to meet her mother in her parent’s room, where she met Nancy arranging her clothes into her closet and getting ready for the week. When Riele walked in, she said,
“Hi mummy!”
“Ah! Tomike, thank God you are here. Check this out, will this green gown fit with this golden shoe or the black shoe?” Nancy asked.
“It depends on the event.”
“Nothing serious, just a casual meeting.”
“Okay then, the green gown would go with the black shoes. You know, you don’t wanna look too bright like a Christmas tree, yeah?” 
“Right!” Nancy said, still folding her clothes.
“Mum, can I ask for something?” Riele asked.
“What is it dear?”
“Can I hang-out with a friend of mine today?”
Nancy paused and stared at Riele, “A friend? Who is this friend?” She asked.
“You know him already, it’s Bryan Hudson.”
“Oh! Bryan. I haven’t seen him in a long time. Of course, you can hang out with him, he’s family. Just don’t stay out too late okay?”
“Okay, Just one problem.” Riele said, emphasizing on the word ‘just’.
“What problem?”
“May I borrow your brown wig please, I’m so lazy to take off my cornrows. Pretty please please mummy.” Riele begged.
“No, no way.”
“Please, I will return it the same way I took it please.” Riele continued to plead, hugging her mother from her back.
“Okay fine, before you strangle me.”
“Thank you, you are the best mum ever. I’ll be leaving in few minutes.”
“Okay, have fun.”
“I love you!” Riele yelled as she rushed out of the room, holding the wig.
“I love you too.” Nancy replied, wondering why Riele was very excited.”
Riele was all glammed up and ready when Bryan called her phone.
“Hi Riele.” He said.
“Bryan, you called in the right time.” 
“Are you ready?” He asked.
“Yeah.”
“Okay, I’m in front of your house.”
Riele peeped through her window upstairs and noticed a white car downstairs, parked right in front of the house.”
“Is that your car?” Riele asked.
“Yes, I came in a white car.”
“Why is your family obsessed with white?” 
Bryan laughed, “Riele please come down, let’s go.”
“I’ll be there in a sec.” Riele said, hung up and headed downstairs.
~~~
Bryan and Riele got to the cinema, saw a movie and as they were walking to the parking lot, Riele said.
“That movie was very interesting, I wish there’s a second part.”
“I know right? It was so funny, the woman that sat beside me laughed so hard, she almost threw her popcorn away.”
Riele laughed, “I think I saw her.”
“Yeah, you spoke about work the other day. What exactly do you do?” Bryan asked.
“I’m a model.”
“For real?”
“I’m serious, I’m a model. I haven’t done a lot of jobs yet, but I’m getting there.” Riele said.
“Is it fun? Do you enjoy doing it?” Bryan asked.
“I enjoy doing it, with your mum being my manager, it’s really fun, trust me.”
They got into the car and as they were putting on their seat belts, Trevor smiled and said,
“I see you really prepared for this date.”
“Did I?” Riele asked.
“You obviously did, you look very beautiful.”
“Thanks, you don’t look too bad yourself.”
“Well, tryna keep up.” He said, dusting out invisible dust from his shoulders.
“Pathetic,” Riele said, rolling her eyes, “you know, that’s the nicest thing you’ve said to me in like, ever.”
“No, it’s not.”
“Yes, it is. You bullied me all my life, especially when I was in middle school. It was so bad, I always tried to avoid you.”
Trevor laughed, “Oh my! I’m sorry.”
Riele was surprised, “You are sorry? Who are you? Bryan Hudson apologized to me? Hmm, someone’s becoming a gentle man.”
“Hey, now you are teasing me.”
Riele laughed.
“Are you hungry?” Bryan asked.
“Kinda.”
“Okay, let’s go to one of my favorite restaurants in town.”
They got to a very Cliché Nigerian restaurant, it looked so classy with some paintings on the walls, very nice setup and it looked very expensive. They grabbed a table and sat.
“This place looks beautiful. I didn’t know somewhere like this existed.” Riele said.
“It is one of my favorite places in town and I knew you would like the paintings and the set up.”
“Yeah, it looks way better on the inside than outside.”
“I like here because it’s a Nigerian restaurant, I enjoy the food here, even though I’m Canadian.”
“Wow!”
Just then, the waiter walked up to them and said,
“Good evening.” The waiter greeted, “My name is Chelsea and I will be your waitress for today.” She said, handing the menu over to Bryan and Riele.
“What would you like to have?” Bryan asked Riele.
“I don’t know, what would you recommend? I haven’t been here before.” Riele replied.
“Just order anything you like.” Bryan added.
“Okay,” Riele said, “I’ll have the steamed rice with beef curry and a little bit of fried plantain.”
The waitress nodded, “Sir.”
“I’ll have what she’s having.” Bryan said, smiling at Riele.
“Okay, would you like any drinks?”
“Chapman will be fine, thank you.” Bryan replied.
“I’ll be back with your food.” The waitress said and walked away.
“Impressive.” Bryan said, referring to Riele, as soon as the waitress left.
“What?” Riele asked.
“Well, I thought you were going to order salad or all those things models eat.”
“Oh please! What is the point in eating out if you don’t eat well right?”
“Right!” Bryan replied, still smiling.
“What is it? Why are you smiling?”
“Nothing.” Bryan replied, shaking his head.
“The restaurant we passed before getting here reminds me of when I visited the Bahamas.”
“Looked more like a Korean restaurant to me.”
“When was the last time you went to the Bahamas?” Riele asked.
“Last year, I guess.”
“What was your favorite drink?”
“I drank the usual Champagne when I was there.”
“You mean you didn’t try anything else?”
“Oh! The Chapman was nice.” 
“Well, my favorite was switcha and I kinda liked the monkey cocotini. Ignore the name, it’s really nice.” Riele said.
“I guess I will have to try it out the next time I go there.”
“You should.”
Riele and Bryan were both eating in silence until Bryan broke the silence.
“So, the big question.”
“Shoot.” Riele said.
“Where do you see yourself five years from now?” Bryan asked.
“Well, that’s not so though,” Riele said, dropping her cutleries, “I should be a graduate by then, started my own interior design company. I should be a top model, own my house or at least saving towards owning one. I should have understood myself better and Understood God’s plan for my life.” She added.
“Hmm, very detailed.” Bryan said.
“It’s pretty basic. You?”
“I’m looking forward to a stronger work force, a lot of international deals and new businesses. I should have improved in myself and helped in a lot of charity work.” Bryan said.
“Fair enough.” Riele added.
They continued to discuss as they enjoyed their meal. Riele got home later that night after a fun evening with Bryan. She did little school work and went to bed early and exhausted.
Chapter 17
“Andrea Iyamah’s Fashion Show.”
The day finally came, the 23rd of February, Riele’s first official runway as a model. Riele was in her room all dressed up and ready, parked her hair in a bun, she parked her bag pack, grabbed her leather jacket and headed downstairs.
“Mum! Dad! I’m leaving,” Riele said, “Cydni, wish me luck.”
“Goodluck!” Cydni said, blowing her a kiss.
“Tomike se abojuto ara re dara.” Nancy said (means: Tomike take care of yourself okay?)
Jackson said, “Go make us proud.”
“Thank you so much,” Riele said as her phone beeped, “Oh! I have to get going. Aunt tiffany is here to pick me up. Bye!” she said and opened the front door.
“My baby is all grown.” Jackson said.
“Yeah, she grew up so fast.” Nancy said as they both stared at the door.
Riele got to Tiffany’s car and said,
“Hi Auntie.”
“Hey darling, how are you?”
Riele took a deep breath and replied, “I’m fine, I guess.”
“How do you feel today? Are you excited?” Tiffany asked.
“I’m kinda nervous.”
“Don’t worry, you’ll be fine. We are leaving earlier because I wanna introduce you to someone very special.”
“Okay.” Riele replied, smiling.
Tiffany and Riele got to the event center, they headed to the dressing section backstage, everything was set up and few people were there; makeup artists, designers, models, et cetera. They got to a particular door and Tiffany asked, holding the door handle.
“Are you ready?”
“Yeah.”
“Hi!” Tiffany called out immediately she opened the door.
“OMG!” Andrea exclaimed, hugging Tiffany, “Tiffany, you are here, thanks for coming through for me.” 
“You are welcome.”
“Hi Tiffany,” Gina, Andrea’s business associate, said.
“Gina? Oh my!” Tiffany exclaimed, “I didn’t recognize you, you look amazing.”
“Thank you.” Gina replied.
“Where have you been?” Tiffany asked.
“I moved to Los Angeles.”
“Oh, that’s great. Let me introduce you guys to my top-model, Riele Tomike Oladele, my Goddaughter.”
“Hi! Nice to meet you.” Riele said smiling shyly, giving both of them a hand shake.
“Aww! You are so beautiful.” Andrea said.
“Thank You ma’am, I’m a huge fan of your designs.”
“That’s so sweet, thank you.” Andrea replied.
“Riele will be one of your models on the show, she’s a huge fan so I had to make an introduction.” Tiffany added.
“Oh! Thank you for coming for the show.” Andrea said.
“My pleasure.” Riele replied.
“We have to get going now Andrea, I will see you later.” Tiffany said.
“Ok, see you around.” Andrea responded.
Riele got back to the dressing section, where she was introduced to the make-up artists, hair stylist and designer for the day. She was given instructions on where to walk and how to properly showcase the dresses few days before, during the dress fitting. The show began and Riele chatted with some of the models before going for the first showcase. She was one of the few black models and when it was her turn, she walked down the runway with so much confidence and finesse, making the audience to applaud as she walked past them.
About two hours later, the show was still on, Riele was very exhausted because she had walked down the runway three times, showcasing two different dresses. She was pressed, so she decided to go to the restroom to ease herself and freshen up. On her way back to the show, she missed her way and decided to follow another route that she wasn’t sure of. Suddenly, a man properly dressed in a tuxedo, walked up to her and said.
“Hi, you must be Ariel, we’ve been expecting you. My name is Fred and I am one of the organizers, please come with me, I’ll make an introduction.”
Riele was surprised, and she wasn’t sure of what she heard but she still followed him anyway. They got to a separate dressing section, it was more organized than the previous one.
“Gather around!” Fred called out, referring to the crew, “This is Ariel, our muse, the top model for the day.”
“Hi Ariel.” The crew said in unison.
“Hi.” Riele replied, still confused.
“Ariel,” Fred called out, referring to Riele, “This is the special dressing unit, we are the special crew and we are going to help you prepare for the special launch of the show.” He added.
“Special launch?” Riele asked.
“Yes Ariel,” Fred replied, “You are going to walk down the runway wearing the main dress of the day and at the end of the show, you are going to lead other models for the last round.”
“But_” 
“Don’t worry honey, everything will be fine.” Fred said, cutting her off, “You are an hour late but we can still make it happen.”
Just then, the make-up artist gave Riele a seat and began to adjust her make-up while the hairstylist worked on her hair. Some minutes later, they were done, Riele walked towards Fred, who was taking out the dress from where it was hung and she said.
“Mr Fred.”
“Oh! Ariel, you look amazing.” He said.
“Thank you,” Riele replied, “But I’m not_”
“There is no time to explain anything Ariel, we only have five minutes. C’mon, put this on.” Fred said, handing the dress over to Riele.”
Riele wore the dress and was ready to walk on the runway. When Fred saw her, his jaw dropped, the dress fitted so well like it was originally made for her. As Riele and Fredd walked down the hallway to the stage, the few people who passed them admired and complimented on her beauty.
Fred instructed one of the officials to usher Riele to the stage when the time was right. He wished her luck and headed to the main dressing section, to check if things where in order. On his way there, Andrea walked up to him, looking troubled,
“Fred, we have a big problem.” She said.
“What’s wrong?” He asked.
Andrea replied, “The model that is supposed to showcase today’s special dress couldn’t make it, reasons best known to her manager. I don’t get it, like, who does that? How am I supposed to showcase my main design?” 
“Calm down. I don’t get it, what are you talking about?” Fred asked.
“Seriously? You mean you don’t understand what I just said?”
“The model you invited is here, she’ll be on the runway any moment from now.”
“She is?” Andrea asked with a confused expression on her face.
Just then, the crowd began to cheer and applaud, it was so loud, Andrea and Fred had to check what was going on. They found out that Riele was the reason for the crowd’s reaction.
Riele walked with so much confidence and elegance like she had been training for years. Her beauty sparkled in her melanin rich skin as she walked down the runway, flaunting the beautiful dress. The crowd continued to cheer as she walked past them.
“There she is,” Fred said, pointing at the runway, “That’s the model you invited.”
“No, she’s not the model I invited. That’s my friend’s Goddaughter.”
“Huh?”
Andrea was amazed, “Mhen! She’s good.”
Riele was amazed by the crowd’s reaction that she got very emotional right after leaving the stage, she cried on Tiffany’s shoulders for a while before putting herself together for the last round.
Some moments later, the show ended and everyone was preparing to leave. Riele had changed back into her normal clothes and was packing up her bag pack when Fred walked up to her.
“Ariel, I mean_”
“It’s Riele.” Riele said, smiling warmly.
“You didn’t tell me that you weren’t who I thought you were.”
“I tried to, but you didn’t want to listen to me.” Riele said.
“I’m sorry about that.” He apologized.
“It’s okay, thanks for the opportunity by the way.”
“Yeah, you did a great job.”
“Thanks, do you work with Andrea?” Riele asked.
“Yes. Here is my card, you can call me if you need anything.”
“Sure.” Riele said, collecting the card.
“I have to leave now, see you around yeah?”
“Yeah.” Riele replied, smiling as she watched him walk away.

Riele packed up her bag, bided her new friends goodbye and walked around, trying to find Tiffany. Her phone’s battery was dead and the only place she could think of was Andrea’s dressing room. She got there, knocked on the door and walked in but unfortunately, Tiffany wasn’t there, Andrea was very excited to see her.
“Riele! I was about to come and see you, thank you for saving the show.” Andrea said. 
“I_”
“You were so good up there, I think we should do more jobs together.” Andrea added, cutting her off.
“Yes Riele, you were amazing, I was in total shock when I saw you.” Gina said.
“Thank you so much.” Riele blushed.
“Here is my card, you can send me a mail or call me whenever you want to.”
“I will, thank you. Have you seen Tiffany? I’m supposed to call her but my phone’s battery is dead.”
“She was here earlier. She left few minutes before you came. Let me give her a call.” Andrea said, dialing Tiffany’s number.
“Hi Andrea.” Tiffany said over the phone.
“Tiffany, Riele is here and she’s wondering where you’re at.”
“I’m on my way to the parking lot, she can meet me there.” Tiffany said.
“Okay,”
“Take care.”
“Bye,” Andrea said, hanging up the call, “Riele, she said she’s on her way to the parking lot, you can meet her there.”
“Thanks a lot,” Riele said, “Bye!”
Riele was very exhausted, she walked sluggishly down the hallway to the parking lot and then suddenly, she heard her name from behind, she turned around and saw an elderly man and his body guards. At first, she was scared, but when she saw other people on the hall way, she became at ease.
“Hi Riele.” The elderly man said.
“Hello.” She replied.
“My name is Karl and I am a designer.”
“Okay, nice to meet you.” Riele said.
“Thank you. I came to Toronto for a meeting, I heard about this fashion launch and I decided to attend it. I must confess, you did a great job up there.” He said
“Thank you so much.” She replied.
“I have a proposal that I think would be of interest to you, but it’s late and you must be exhausted, so here is my card, you can send me an email and we could discuss it later.”
“Yeah, Sure.” Riele replied and collected his card.
“It was nice talking to you, I look forward to hearing from you.”
“Thank you, have a good night.” Riele said, smiling.
“You too.” He said and walked away.
Riele got home late that night, she rang the doorbell and Jackson opened up.
“My baby is here!”
“Hi daddy.” Riele said, giving him a hug.
“How was it?” Jackson asked, smiling sheepishly.
“It was awesome.”
“Tell me about it.”
“Dad, it’s late. I will tell you everything tomorrow, right now I’m exhausted. I just want to have a warm bath and sleep.”
“Okay, good night darling.” Jackson said, kissing her forehead.
“Good night daddy.”
Chapter 18
“New Beginning.”
The following week, Tiffany visited the Oladeles in their home. Nancy was very excited to see her in person after a long time. They discussed about different things from family to business, friends and other experiences.
Riele said, “Thanks auntie for dropping me off the other day, I was so exhausted.”
“You are welcome honey.” Tiffany laughed.
Nancy said “Yes, thanks a lot. Riele told me about everything and how they mistook her for someone else. That was so funny.” Nancy laughed.
“I laughed so hard when I heard the full story, it seemed like it had been orchestrated in her life from the very beginning,” Tiffany said, “But you had fun yeah?” she asked, referring to Riele.
“Yes, I did, I met a lot of people, made new friends and I even got business cards from three different people.” Riele replied.
“My baby is gradually becoming a celebrity.”
“That reminds me,” Riele said, “Someone gave me his business card to send him a mail, he said that he had a proposal that would be of interest to me.” She added.
“Hmm, speaking of mails. Guess who sent me an email?” Tiffany asked.
“I’ll be back, let me go get the card.” Riele said, heading towards the stairs.
“Tiffany, who sent you an email?” Nancy asked.
“Karl Longman.”
“Shut up!” Nancy said, surprised.
“Who is he?” Riele asked from the staircase.
“You don’t know Karl Longman? Are you in this world?” Nancy asked.
“Nancy, I couldn’t believe my eyes.”
“Tell me about it.” Nancy said anxiously.
“Okay. So, I opened my mail and found this message from Karl, telling me how he enjoyed the fashion show he attended in Toronto, that is Andrea Iyamah’s fashion show.” Tiffany said, “He said that Riele’s confidence caught his attention, he had to make his research and he got my email address. He has a proposal and trust me, it’s a huge one.” She added.
Nancy was dumbfounded, “Really?” she finally asked.
“Yes.” Tiffany replied.
“I’m here!” Riele called out.
“Riele, C’mon, sit, we have something very important to talk about.” Nancy said.
“Okay.” Riele said, looking at the both of them.
“Come on, sit,” Tiffany added, tapping on the couch, “So, Karl Longman is having his spring launch in Paris next month. He saw you at the fashion show on Saturday, he liked the way you walked down the runway confidently and he is inviting you to be one of his models in the upcoming show.” She added.
“Oh my! That will be amazing right Riele?” Nancy asked.
“Yeah, but who is this man, um, Karl Longman, who is he?” Riele asked, sipping her juice.
“Karl Longman is the owner of ‘THE CONES’.” Tiffany replied
“Huh?” Riele almost choked, “Cones like The Cones?”
“Yes, he owns the Cones brand from clothes to bags, shoes, sunglasses et cetera.” Tiffany added.
“Woah! And he invited me?” Riele asked.
“Yes, he did. You wanted to send an email to someone, may I see the business card?” Tiffany asked.
“Yeah sure.” Riele said, still surprised as she gave the card to Tiffany.
Tiffany checked it out and immediately called out, “Riele!”
“Yeah.”
“How did you get this card?” Tiffany asked.
“An elderly man gave it to me on Saturday, he told me to send him a mail, that he had a proposal that will be of interest to me.” Riele replied.
“I really don’t know what to say to you right now. The man you met is Karl Longman.” Tiffany said.
“What?”
“Yes, this is his card. We have to start planning on our trip because time is not on our side. When is your holiday?”
“It’s on the 15th of March to the 1st of April.” Riele replied.
“Oh! That’s great.”
“It is?” Nancy asked.
“Yeah, it is at the right time. All the events are scheduled for next month end.” Tiffany said, “The photoshoot for the ‘GIRL POWER’ event in Los Angeles, California is on the 25th of March, while Karl Longman’s Fashion spring launch in Paris, France will be on the 29th of March.” She added.
“Wow!”
“I think we should reschedule our meeting with Victoria Secret in Miami, Florida to the 20th of March, so it wouldn’t be too stressful for you.” Tiffany said.
“Yeah.” Riele said.
“Good idea.” Nancy added. “What about the Visa and accommodation?”
“Don’t worry, everything will be taken care of.” Tiffany assured Nancy.
~~~
On Saturday, the 16th of March. Riele was in her room, she finished doing her laundry and was packing up and preparing for her trip when a call came in via facetime.
“Jeiel!” Riele yelled.
“Hey bestie bestie.”
“Hi girl, what’s up?” Riele asked.
“I’m fine, a lot better. I saw your text, I’m going to miss you.” Jeiel said.
“I’m going to miss you too.” 
“What are you doing?” Jeiel asked.
“Just finished doing my laundry and I’m packing, come and help me pack.”
“That’s the last thing I wanna do right now, good luck with that.” Jeiel said.
“I hate packing.” Riele complained.
“I am really, really, really going to miss you Riele.” Jeiel said.
“Stop being dramatic, I’m only going for two weeks.”
“I don’t care, can I come with you?” Jeiel asked.
“I wish you could, but I’m going to be very busy, like I am literally going to two different countries for a very short time.” Riele replied.
“I know right? Just try and have fun and don’t forget to make new friends.”
“I’ll try.”
“Speaking of fun, thanks for inviting me to that fashion show last Saturday, I had so much fun vlogging and I met a lot of people.” Jeiel said.
“Sorry I didn’t meet you that day, I was very busy.”
“Yeah, busy being nervous.” Jeiel said, rolling her eyes.
“You know me so well.” Riele smiled.
“But I am proud of you, you did so well, I couldn’t help but tell the people around me that you are my best friend. At first, they doubted me, but when I shouted ‘Go Bestie’ and you turned and smiled at me, they knew I wasn’t lying.” Jeiel said snapping her fingers.
Riele laughed, “You are crazy. How did the vlogging go?”
“I recorded everything and posted the interesting parts, especially when I spotted Karl Longman among the audience, I had to zoom in.” She said gesturing with her fingers.
“Oh my God!” Riele laughed aloud.
“The last time I checked, that particular video had one hundred thousand views on YouTube.” Jeiel said.
“Are you serious?”
“Girl, my subscribers are increasing like crazy.”
“That’s because you have great content and amazing editing skills.” Riele said.
“Really? Thank you. Don’t forget to take a lot of pictures.” Jeiel said.
“I won’t.” Riele replied.
“Oh no!” Jeiel exclaimed and ran to her window. She grabbed her phone and ran to the kitchen.
“Jeiel, what’s wrong? Why are you running?” Riele asked.
“I think my mum is back, she just pulled up at the parking lot and a forgot to cook the freaking rice.”
Riele laughed.
“I’m so dead,” Jeiel said, washing the rice in the kitchen sink, “Riele, I’ll call you later. I have to start cooking this rice before my mum walks in.” 
“Okay, bye.”
“Bye girl.” Jeiel said, hanging up.
“She’s so hilarious.” Riele said as she dropped her phone.
~~~
Tiffany and Riele travelled to Miami, Florida, with Tiffany’s personal assistant, Brianna, on Monday, the 18th of March. They got to Miami, visited few places and got ready for the meeting with Victoria secret on the 20th.
The meeting was successful, they signed the contract papers, met with some other ambassadors and directors and did a photoshoot the following day.
They travelled to Los Angeles, California that weekend, where they lodged in a five-star hotel and prepared for ‘THE GIRL POWER’ photoshoot on the 25th.
Riele met different people from different countries, tribes and religions, it was an amazing experience for her. She was very excited, she nailed the photoshoots, made new friends and took beautiful pictures.
Two days later, they set off for Paris and lodged in another hotel. At this point, Riele was jetlagged. She couldn’t eat nor sleep and her head ached badly, because she wasn’t used to travelling on the go.
She took some pills, spoke with Benita, her Grandmother, who encouraged her. The thought of working for The Cones gave her the strength to keep pushing.
On the 29th, they all got ready and went to the event center, where they met Karl Longman and other Fashion Gurus. Riele and Brianna went off to the dressing section, where they met top models and Tiffany set off to meet people and exchange business cards.
The show began, Riele and the other models got ready with the help of the make-up artists, hair stylists and of course, Brianna. The show was more tasking and more intense than the previous show Riele had attended in Toronto.
Riele tried her best and continued to put in her effort. It ended late, Riele was very exhausted and happy that she had made it to Paris, “It was worth it.” She thought. Riele and Brianna waited for Tiffany, took some pictures, exchanged contacts with people and then headed back to the hotel late that night.
The following day, after sleeping for hours, Tiffany, Riele and Brianna decided to go have fun. They visited different places like the Eiffel tower and Louvre museum, they did a lot of shopping and ate different meals and cuisines.
They travelled back to Canada on the 31st of march, Jackson threw a welcome party that day with close friends and family. Riele was very happy to be back home, she narrated her experience, showed everyone the pictures and then fell ill at the end of the day.
Chapter 19
Few months later, Riele graduated from High school and became a fulltime model. She travelled to different places like, Shangai, London, New York, South Korea, et cetera, doing more runways and photoshoots to boost her modelling carrier. 
Riele got into college in September, studying interior design as a major in the University of Toronto. She juggled between school and work. It wasn’t easy at first but she found a means of balancing both. 
Jeiel also got into college in Toronto and got a job being a presenter/host for a particular entertainment company, while she continued being a YouTuber. 
Sometime in December, Riele got a call from Tiffany, telling Riele to meet her at the Empire. Tiffany sounded very tensed over the phone, that made Riele very worried, she wondered what may have gone wrong and immediately left her apartment and drove to Tiffany’s empire.
“At Tiffany’s empire.”
Riele got to Tiffany’s empire, rushed to Tiffany’s office and knocked on the door.
“Come in!” Tiffany said.
“Auntie, is everything okay? You sounded very tensed over the phone.” Riele said as she walked into the office.
“Oh! You are here. Everything is fine, have a seat. So, a mail came in today and you won’t believe what was in it.” Tiffany said, smiling.
“What?” Riele asked.
Tiffany excitedly said, “Four invites to the British Fashion Awards, scheduled to take place next week in London, United Kingdom.”
Riele smiled, “No way! Who sent them?”
“It turns out that you were nominated for an award last month and we had no idea.” Tiffany replied.
“For real?” Riele asked.
“Yeah, we have to start preparing for our trip because we are really pressed for time. This is a door to greater opportunities Riele, we can’t miss this.” Tiffany added.
Riele was speechless, she stared at Tiffany and the only thing she could say was, “Oh My God!”
The following week, Riele, Nancy, Jeiel and Tiffany travelled to London for the British Fashion Awards and they lodged in a hotel. On the day of the event, they were getting ready in the hotel room when Jackson called Riele via facetime.
“Hi daddy.” Riele said, heading to the bathroom.
“Hey princess, how are you?” Jackson asked.
“I’m fine, kinda nervous but I’m fine.” She replied.
“You look very beautiful. Ah! My Modella.”
“Thank You Daddy.” Riele laughed.
“I wanted to tell you this before you leave for the awards. Your mum and I have always been proud of you and have supported you through the years,” Jackson said, “You have been a source of Joy and Happiness In our lives right from the day you were born, you are the pendulum of my life, if you stop swinging, then I’m gone.”
“Oh daddy!” Riele exclaimed, getting emotional.
“The biggest legacy I will live for posterity is you, whether you win this award or not, always remember that I love you and I will always, always be proud of you, my daughter.” Jackson added.
“I love you too daddy.” Riele said with tears gathered in her eyes.
“Please don’t cry, so you won’t ruin your make-up” Jackson said and they both laughed.
“Riele, c’mon! We are going to be late.” Jeiel said, knocking on the bathroom door.
“Dad, I have to go. I’ll call you when I get back.”
“Sure, have fun darling.” Jackson said and ended the call.
They got to the event center in time for the red carpet, they took beautiful pictures together and went in for the main event. They all went in with their invites and took their seats, the event center was huge and designed beautifully. The awards began and Riele was all bubbly and happy up until just before her category and she started shaking like a leaf. One of the hosts to give out the award said,
“The Model of the year, for this year’s British Fashion Awards goes to.”
The second host opened the card and they both, in unison, said,
“RIELE TOMIKE OLADELE.”
Riele froze on her seat and was in shock, Nancy and Jeiel tapped her to get up and go. Riele walked majestically to the stage, wearing a beautiful flowing white gown. The award was handed over to her and she was given fifty-nine seconds to make a speech.
Riele began,
“Um, thank you so much, this is totally unexpected. Thanks to the BFA (British Fashion Awards) for recognizing me and seeing my talent at such a young age. Um, thanks to my manager for working so hard in letting me have a voice. Thanks to my family and my best friend for your constant love and support, thank you everyone. To anyone out there who has dreams of becoming something or someone but is too scared follow them, my advice is ‘JUST DO IT’, follow your dreams, be whoever you want to be, just be your authentic self because nobody can be you like you, Thank you so much.”
The crowd applauded and cheered as she got off the stage, it was a glorious scene.
THE END.
Thank you so much for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.
Thanks!
Maryann Duru
Connect with Maryann:
Email: maryannduru28@gmail.com
