The Secret Apocalypse

By James Harden


Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2010 by James Harden
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events locales or organisations is entirely coincidental.

All rights are reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without the written permission of the author.


 
The Beginning of The End

I'm sitting in the penthouse suite of a hotel in Los Angeles with a TV camera pointed at my face. Sitting next to me is a journalist from a well known news program, although I can't remember which news program they said. Was it Fox News, or something on CNN? Maybe it was 60 minutes? For the life of me I can't remember. After everything I’ve been through, little details like which global TV network I’m appearing on are starting to slip my mind.
The journalist also has a camera pointed at his face but I don't think the cameras are on yet. At least I hope they're not on yet. I look like crap. The makeup department is going to have their work cut out for them when they get here. I’ve just been through hell and as a result I look like hell. What’s that saying again? A face for radio?
The room is full of people working frantically to get everything ready in time. There’s the camera man and a sound guy. There’s a guy holding up a big white reflective thing and an important looking woman who could be a producer or something of that nature.
The important looking woman walks over to me with a clipboard in hand and asks me if I'm feeling all right. “Are you feeling all right?” She checks her clipboard. “Have you taken your medication?”
I haven’t been able to sleep since I made it back. They gave me some pills to help with the insomnia but they’re not working. I don't want to tell her this. So I nod my head and smile.
The producer kneels down in front of me. “Rebecca, we did a brief background check on you and we just need you to verify some of our facts.”
I nod my head again. They need to put a human face to all of this and at the moment I'm the only human face they've got.
She runs a French manicured finger nail down the clip board and asks me a whole bunch of boring stuff like how I grew up in Brooklyn and then moved to Sydney. How I'm only sixteen years old and how I don't even have a driver’s license yet.
“Is that even important?” I ask about the driver’s license.
“We can use it to highlight how young you are.”
“Oh.”
Then she asks about the stuff I don't want people to know about. She asks me about my father. “OK, according to this, your father was killed in action while serving in Afghanistan when you were thirteen?”
“No.”
“No?”
“They never confirmed he had been killed,” I say. “They never found his body.”
“I’m sorry. It's just that our records indicate...”
“He's MIA.”
She makes a note on her clipboard. “Missing in action. Got it. I'm sorry to push these issues, Rebecca. But we need to be sure of everything. If at any stage you feel uncomfortable during the interview we can stop and take a break. The interview will be a delayed telecast of about thirty minutes so we've got plenty of time.”
“You're not going to ask me about all of that are you?”
“No. Not all of it. We just need to use some of that background information to introduce you to the public. Once they know your story, they'll have a better understanding of everything that's going on. You have a big responsibility. You're the only survivor. People have a right to know what happened down there. And since the military aren't talking, we're all counting on you.”
It’s weird how they keep saying I’m the only survivor, like the others are already dead. I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around just how many people died. I think I'm still in denial.
The producer introduces me to the journalist. “Rebecca, this is Steve Munroe. He’s one of our most senior reporters here.”
His face looks familiar but I was never really one for watching hardcore news programs.
He extends his hand to shake mine. “Hi, Rebecca. I just want to say I admire your courage and determination. You're a brave girl for doing this.”
I shake his hand.
The producer’s phone rings and she walks away to answer it.
“Now Rebecca,” says Steve the journalist. “Before we start recording, I just want to run you through some of the questions I'll be asking you.”
“OK.”
“If there’s anything you don't want to talk about you just let me know.”
“Will do.”
He tells me people will want to know four things. “So basically, with a big story like this, people always want to know four things. They want to know the who, the what, the why and the how.”
I nod my head.
“The who is easy. That's you. You are the sole survivor. People will want to know all about you. They’ll want to know what makes you special, what makes you tick. Once people know who you are, they’ll want to know what happened down there and why it happened. But they won’t want to hear it from just anyone; they’ll want to hear it from you, straight from your mouth, straight from the source.”
I wonder if anyone will even believe me when I tell them what is happening down there.
“But a big part of this interview will deal with the how of it. How did you do it? How did you survive when so many people didn't make it? When so many people died?”
That's a good question. I’ve been trying to figure this one out ever since I made it back. But I can’t. All I can think about are the people who matter most to me. Forget about the millions of other people. I know it sounds selfish but that's the way it is. I can't stop thinking about my mother. I can't stop thinking about my friends. Maria and Kenji. Jack and Kim. We survived so much. We survived together. Yet somehow I’m the only one who made it out. Somehow, I'm the only one giving this interview.
“I mean, the entire Australian population is gone,” says Steve. “Over twenty million people wiped out in a matter of weeks. People will want to know, people will need to know how you escaped, how you stayed alive.”
I’ve been thinking about this a lot. And the more I think about it, the more I realize my friends were the reason I survived. If I didn’t have them, I wouldn’t be here. No freakin way.
The producer walks back over to us as she hangs up her phone. “Rebecca sweetie, just answer the questions like no one else is in the room, OK? Take all the time you need. I understand if everything might be a little hazy.”
I tell her I’ll try real hard to remember even though everything is crystal clear, ultra real, like I’m watching my memories on a high definition flat screen television.
The producer looks at her watch. “We haven’t got long. We’re going live in one hour. Steve, can I talk to you in private for a second?”
“Live?” I ask.
“Yeah. There’s been a slight change of plan.”
The two of them exchange a look and I get the feeling that something is wrong.
“Please excuse me for just one minute,” says the journalist. “Oh, and while I’m gone try and think about the turning point for you. The moment when you realized something bad was about to happen.”
They both walk off to the master bedroom. They start talking. The producer then turns around and closes the door behind her.
Great. This is going to be worse than I thought. I’m starting to regret my decision to give this interview. I know people have a right to hear the truth but do they really need to hear it from me? I was never a good public speaker, never good at verbalizing what I wanted to say.
Maybe I should just run away. No one is really paying attention. Not the sound guy, not even the camera man. I could totally do it. I could walk out of the room, take the elevator down to the lobby, hail a taxi. Seems like a good option, an easier option. But then I see Steve left his pen and notepad on his chair. The producer mentioned something about how everyone is counting on me to find out what happened, especially since the military aren't answering questions. The media have called it ‘The Secret Apocalypse’, a full on extinction level event that was covered up and kept hidden from the world. It's hard to believe in this age of information no one really knows what's going on.
It’s hard to believe no one knows the truth. No one but me.
I remind myself that I do have a duty of sorts. Not just to answer everyone’s questions, but to my friends, to let people know what they did, how awesome and heroic they were, right to the very end. So I pick up the pen and the notepad and head for the bathroom. I lock the door and sit down on the cool marble floor.
People need the truth and this is the best way. I used to write a lot, especially after my father disappeared. So I force myself to concentrate. It takes a few minutes but then my brain kicks into gear and starts working overtime. The pen begins to move almost of its own accord. My writing is messy but legible. Everything is being replayed in my mind’s eye at high speed. Important events are being freeze framed, rewound, watched over and over. I scribble down the main points that people need to know about.
The quarantine.
The Oz Virus.
My friends. Maria. Jack. Kim.
And Kenji.
The massive cover up by the government and the military.
Twenty-two million people dead.
The Secret Apocalypse.
 
Chapter 1

Steve the journalist said to think about the turning point, the moment I realized something was wrong. I guess most people would’ve realized something was wrong when the Australian government ordered a nationwide quarantine. But for me it was on the first day of school. Two days before the quarantine was ordered.
I woke up early because I was too nervous to sleep. I wasn’t as scared as I'd been the previous year when I was the new girl in town but I was still a mess. I'd laid out my school uniform the night before so I wouldn’t be running around in the morning looking for my skirt or my shoes. I’d made sure we had plenty of cereal and fresh milk and fresh fruit stocked in the kitchen. I was determined to have the most amazingly healthy and balanced breakfast to get me through the day. But when I walked out to the kitchen on that scorching hot summer’s morning, I forgot all about school and first day nerves.
There was a note on the bench from my mother which read:
 
Left 4 work early.
 
This alone wasn’t a shock because she was always working. Apparently there was a shortage of nurses in Sydney hospitals or something. But right next to the note was an origami horse. It was tiny and intricate and beautiful. It looked like it was about to come to life and rear onto its hind legs. I was officially freaked out. Alarm bells were ringing inside my head.
This little paper horse scared me and it scared me because there was only one person in the entire world that could’ve made something so goddamn amazing.
Kenji Yoshida.
I wouldn’t call him my ex-boyfriend because we were never really going out. But we were close. It felt like we had something. Well, maybe more than just something. He was the boy next door when I lived in Brooklyn and he was my closest friend.
Unfortunately one day he decided to turn into a total jerk and leave home without even saying goodbye or saying anything. He ran off to join the US Marines to defend the country and see the world or whatever. No note, no email, no phone call from the train station, no text message. We hadn’t talked since he left and I had never forgiven him. Probably never will.
I’m not sure how long I had been standing in the kitchen in a daze but the next thing I knew my phone was beeping and vibrating across the kitchen bench. There was one new text from Maria. It read:

First day mofo! Get excited!

I was just about to reply when I heard the school bus pull up out the front. I guess I’d been staring at the horse for longer than I thought. I grabbed my bag and the paper horse and ran out the door. Suddenly there was no time for a healthy and complete breakfast. I hadn't even brushed my hair. Not that I was thinking about any of that. I was so lost in my own thoughts that when I boarded the bus I didn’t even see Maria waving at me from way up the back.
“Rebecca!” she yelled. “Back here! Are you blind?”
She was waving at me with both hands like she was flagging down a plane on a deserted island. She didn’t care that she was making a scene. She never cared what the other kids thought about her.
“Sorry. Didn’t see you,” I said as I sat down next to her.
“You didn’t see me? I was waving at you the entire time.”
“Maybe you should consider wearing some sort of fluorescent vest to stand out more,” I said.
“Hey, I have a lot of fluoro in my wardrobe. Do not tempt me.”
The bus pulled away from the curb and I was thrown back in my seat.
“What the hell is that?” Maria asked, referring to the origami horse.
“This?" I said. “It’s... it’s nothing”
“Oh really?”
She snatched it out of my hand before I could hide it.
“Hey, be careful!”
She held it up to her ocean blue eyes and studied it carefully. I don’t know why, but I was jealous of Maria’s eyes. They were so blue they looked fake, like she was wearing contact lenses. Combine that with her sun kissed blonde hair and her tan that seemed to glow all year round and I could see why she didn’t care about making a scene on the bus or what the other kids thought about her.
“It’s beautiful,” she said. “Did you make it?”
“Not really.”
“Not really? What do you mean ‘not really’?”
“I, um, I think someone made it for me.”
“I get it. Say no more. It’s a gift from a secret admirer, isn’t it?”
“Ah, yeah. That’s it.”
“Wow. And on the first day of school! You’re such a heart breaker.”
I don't know why I lied to her. I guess I didn’t want to explain that I thought it was from my sort of ex-boyfriend from back home. I'd never told her about Kenji. Actually, I’d never really told her anything about my past. Sure we were good friends but there are just some things in my life I do not want to talk about. Not with anyone.
“So where’s Jack?” I asked in an attempt to change the subject.
“I’m not sure. I think he said he was getting a lift into school.”
It was strange that Maria didn't know where Jack was. Those two were practically inseparable. If they weren’t together, they were talking on the phone or texting or IMing each other on Facebook. I know this because last year I somehow managed to become a permanent third wheel to their relationship. And for some reason they liked it. No, not like that. I don’t swing that way and they don't either. At least, I don't think they do.
Anyway, I met Maria on my first day of school last year and we were instant friends. She introduced me to Jack and we became instant friends as well. This alone was reason enough to hang out with them. I’d never made friends easily and yet there I was, making two friends on my first day at a new school, in a new country. I could barely string two words together I was such a nervous wreck. I remember Jack trying to shake my hand to greet me but my hands were so sweaty I refused to shake his hand back. I just sort of bowed my head. I personally thought it was a divine miracle that we became friends at all. There was just no other explanation.
So I started hanging out with them. They took me under their wings and showed me around Sydney. Jack is a really good surfer so he started teaching me how to surf. Maria is really into fashion so she would take me shopping all the time. She would go on and on about how she wanted me to take her to the New York fashion show.
On the one hand it was kind of weird. I mean, no one wants to be the third wheel, right? It’s awkward. The couple is usually making out or calling each other pet names like sweetie pie or honey bun, while the third wheel has to sit there and pretend not to be disgusted. But with Jack and Maria I never felt awkward. I never even felt like I was a third wheel.
When Jack gave me surfing lessons Maria would chill out on the beach listening to music. Sometimes she would stand at the water’s edge with a white board. She would write a score out of ten and hold the board up, rating how good I was. And when we went shopping, Jack would pretend to be a world famous fashion photographer. He would borrow his father’s old camera and take a whole bunch of photos of Maria and me.
He would say silly things like, “Pop darlings. Pop your hip. Make love to the camera.”
I know it sounds stupid but it was fun. And I hadn’t had fun in such a long time.
Maria’s phone rang. “It’s Jack,” she said to me. “Hey, where the hell are you?”
She tried to sound angry even though her blue eyes lit up and a smile crept across her lips.
Maria once told me that they liked hanging out with me because it took the pressure off their relationship. “Sometimes I feel like it's too intense,” she said. “That I’ve fallen too hard for him. If he ever left me or whatever, I don’t think I’d be able to cope. I’d shut down. I don't think I could live without him.”
So having me around kept them from getting too intense I suppose. I was like a buffer of sorts, someone to keep their feet on the ground.
It was hard to imagine either one of these guys being lost on their own. They were both extremely popular, fun loving, people persons. You might think it was like they were using me but it wasn't like that at all. The truth was, I liked hanging around them. I really didn't care that I was a third wheel. The best thing about these guys was they made me feel better about myself.
Maria hung up her phone and immediately started sending a text message, probably to Jack.
“So where is he?” I asked. “Don’t tell me he slept in on the first day?”
“No, his sister was asked at the last minute to give a speech at assembly this morning. So they’re carpooling.”
“Oh. What do you think her speech will be about?”
“It'll probably be about joining the cops. It could involve handcuffs. It might get kinky.”
Jack’s sister Kim was a real life action hero. She’d finished high school the year before last and had since joined the police force. She was the kind of person who rode a bike everywhere instead of driving a car because it was great for your core strength. She was constantly training for a half marathon or full marathon or triathlon. Sometimes she could make you feel like a slacker.
Despite this, I was actually looking forward to her speech. She had the same great sense of humor as Jack and it sure beat listening to the principal talk about the school motto and how we had a responsibility and a duty to study hard and try our very best and all that stuff.
As the bus pulled up to the front gates of the school my heart began to beat a little faster and I started to think about what would lay ahead in the coming year. New teachers, maybe new friends, definitely late night study sessions and hopefully good grades. I was excited and nervous and scared all at the same time.
But then we stepped off the bus and saw that the school gates were chained shut. Hundreds of kids and their parents were standing out the front of the entrance.
The principal was speaking through a loudspeaker. He kept saying sorry. Sorry for the confusion and the disorganization.
He said, “School has been cancelled across the state by order of the Government and the World Health Organization.”
 
Chapter 2

Even though there must have been close to a thousand kids all gathered around the main entrance of the school, the mood was pretty calm. I had expected everyone to lose it, for parents to angrily demand an explanation, for the students to cheer with excitement. But this wasn’t the case.
One time when I was in the eighth grade, the school was evacuated because there was a fire in the staff kitchen. Apparently one of the teacher’s aides had put a pizza box in the oven to heat the pizza up and totally forgot about it. Five minutes later the box caught on fire. The whole school was evacuated. I’m pretty sure the entire New York fire department turned up to put out the burning pizza box. The kids thought it was hilarious; even some of the teachers thought it was funny.
But this was different. Looking back, I think people somehow knew it was more than just a precaution.
Maria had walked off to find Jack and Kim. I told her I’d meet her back on the bus and save us some seats. I was pushing my way through the crowd of students when I felt a tap on my right shoulder. I turned to the right but no one was there. I turned to the left and saw Jack standing there with a giant excited smile on his face. “Isn't this great?” he said. “One more day of summer vaykay!”
Jack was always in a laid back mood. He never really stressed about school or exams.
“Aren't you worried that something is wrong?” I asked. “Or that we’re just going to get more homework tomorrow to make up for the lost time?”
“It's the first day. They’re not going to make us do homework on the first day. That’s just cruel. Everyone knows that a student’s mind needs time to warm up after doing nothing for two months.”
I would’ve agreed with him but for some reason I was feeling uneasy. It’s not like I’m psychic or anything. I had no idea why classes had been canceled but it didn’t take a genius to figure out that it wasn’t the school who had chained the front gates together.
“So where’s Maria?” he asked. “I thought you guys caught the bus together this morning?”
“She went to find you and your sister actually.”
“But I sent her a text to meet at the bus.”
“Maybe she didn’t get it?”
“Yeah maybe,” he said as he checked his phone. “Anyways, now that school is out for the day, how about we meet up at the beach? We can squeeze in one last surfing lesson for the summer.”
For some reason Jack had made it his life's mission to teach me how to surf. He said if they can put a man on the moon, he could teach me to surf. I wasn’t so sure. And I wasn’t so sure if I wanted to go to the beach. I was still trying to figure out if Kenji had somehow broken into my house last night. And if he did, how the hell did he find me? I guess I was still a little freaked out.
“How are you enjoying my surfing lessons by the way?” Jack asked. “Am I a good teacher or what?”
“You're great. I can almost stand up for longer than two seconds. That's a new personal best for me.”
“So, are you in?”
Usually I would be keen for a surfing lesson from Jack. Despite his relaxed attitude towards school and all the trouble he gave the teachers, he was actually a very good teacher himself. And even though I was terrible at surfing and spent most of the time trying not to drown, it was always lots of fun. But I was still feeling uneasy.
So I said, “Maybe. Let me think about it.”
“Sure. Take all the time you want. But for now, let’s find Maria and get the hell out of here before they re-open the school.”
Jack said we could get a ride home in Kim’s patrol car. The police had leant it to her today as a public relations exercise to impress the kids. Jack was super excited. He kept going on and on about the V8 engine and how it had a whole bunch of horsepower. He said he’d get Kim to fire up the sirens so we could run some red lights, but then she got a call from the station and she had to leave without us. Apparently there was a riot out in the western suburbs or something. So we all had to take the bus home.
Jack and Maria pestered me about going to the beach again but I made up some lame excuse about how I hadn’t eaten breakfast and that I wasn’t feeling very well. I don't think they bought it but they didn't push the issue.
The next day we were notified by email that school had been postponed for a whole week due to 'health concerns'. Not that they needed to send an email. It was all over the news. I remember watching all morning to see if they would tell us when school would be going back, but no one seemed to have any idea when that would be.
Around lunch time I got a call from Maria to meet her and Jack at the beach.
“We might as well make the most of this extended vacation,” she said. “And I won’t be accepting any more pathetic excuses for not going.”
“Well, it’s a good thing I’m feeling a lot better,” I replied.
I met them at Bondi beach and Jack gave me another surfing lesson. I managed to stand for at least three seconds so it was a definite improvement. Maria sat on the beach and laughed at me. I didn't know it at the time but it was my last ever surfing lesson.
I arrived back home in the afternoon and turned the TV on, eager to see if anyone knew when school was going back. But to my surprise no one was even covering that story anymore.
Every single station was now covering a story about an outbreak of a virus. Every single station now showed the exact same image; a live feed of what looked like a prison complex in the middle of the desert. Every single channel had the same information scrolling across the bottom of the picture.

“Virus spreads through immigration center in outback.”

I continued to change the channel but there was no use. It reminded me of the September eleven terrorist attacks on the twin towers in New York. I was only young but I clearly remember the live images of the World Trade Center. I remember smoke billowing into the blue New York sky from one of the towers. The information scrolling across the bottom of the picture read: “Fire in south tower.”
But it wasn't a fire. It was something much worse. And then almost in slow motion, a plane, a 767, flies in from nowhere, slamming into the north tower.
Was this like that?
Was it really a virus outbreak? Or was it something much worse?
Just as I was about to turn the TV off, the information scrolling across the bottom of the picture was updated.
It now read:

“American scientists confirm virus is a multi-resistant virus or ‘super bug’. They have named it the Oz Virus.”

Apparently things were getting worse.

Breaking News: The Oz Virus

4:08pm - The World Health Organization has declared a Phase 4 PANDEMIC alert. Phase 4 = multiple cases reported and human to human transmission of virus has been confirmed.

5:16pm - Reports of multiple deaths within the Woomera Immigration Center

6:32pm - A military force made up of Australian and American troops have set up a 10km quarantine around the immigration center.

7:02pm - The township of Woomera is also under strict quarantine. No one is allowed to leave. No one is allowed to enter.

7:21pm - Scientist declare Oz Virus extremely dangerous and recommend national quarantine.

I was glued to the TV for another five hours. The constant updates were progressively getting worse and worse. I wasn’t really afraid at this point in time, just curious. Maybe I should've been more worried about the deadly virus and the military force and the quarantine, but who could’ve known it was the humble beginnings of an all out apocalypse? Who even thinks like that?
It was nearly midnight before I noticed a note from my mother on the kitchen bench. It read:

Working night shift. Dinner is in the freezer.
Love you.

I looked back at the TV. There was a bright flash and then the live image went black.
On Wednesday, a nationwide quarantine was announced. All flights in and out of the country were cancelled. Travel between different states was also banned. According to the news, this was a first in Australian history and even in the days of small pox and the bubonic plague, such measures had never been taken. By midday there were police cars patrolling the streets urging everyone to stay indoors. On TV and radio there were public health announcements telling everyone to wash their hands regularly and to cover their mouth when coughing and sneezing.
Later that afternoon the government announced a 10pm curfew. Anyone found outside their homes after ten would be arrested on site. Zero tolerance.
On Wednesday night my mother called me to tell me she had to work overtime again at the hospital and that she wouldn’t be home. There was spaghetti bolognaise in the freezer.
Defrost. Eat.
The week dragged on and boredom set in. There was nothing to do except watch the TV and wait for the paranoia and cabin fever to take over. I’d lost track of how many hours of TV I had watched. One particular news segment showed a panel of scientists and doctors discussing the basic definition of a virus.
Scientist number one said, “A virus is a microscopic organism that replicates within a living host.”
You could tell the journalist doing the interview wasn’t really paying attention. But the panel was made up of professional nerds and hardcore academics and the discussion was getting pretty fired up.
Scientist number two said, “I think we are on the brink of a major viral outbreak. A virus much worse than the black plague. A virus that will wipe out a significant percentage of the global population.”
“Not a chance in the world,” another Doctor replied. “We have medicines and vaccines now days. They didn’t have any of that back then.”
“That’s part of the problem. Viruses have an amazing ability to adapt and survive.”
“How bad could it be?”
“Worst case scenario is the virus mutates. An aggressive virus will kill its host. But a successful one will allow its host to stay alive.”
“Why would it do that?”
“So it can spread.”
“Let me get this straight. You’re talking about a virus that will evolve and mutate into something we’ve never seen before, something that we can’t cure or immunize against?”
“Yes. I’m talking about a virus that will kill quickly and spread even quicker. It will find a way to live and multiply inside the host body for a long time. Even after death.”
 
Chapter 3

On Friday, after two straight days of wearing my pajamas and not showering, Maria called me to tell me about a party she was throwing that night.
“What about the curfew?” I asked.
“Screw the curfew. The cops aren’t even patrolling the streets anymore.”
She was right. I hadn’t heard any sirens or loudspeaker warnings in at least a day.
“Jack can pick you up on the way,” she said.
“What about your parents?”
“My parents are away on business. They’re in France or somewhere. I have the house to myself. My aunt has been coming over to check up on me but I told her to stop stressing. If we’re real quiet we can go down the back to the beach.”
Maria’s family was ridiculously rich. Her father was a big time business guru. He made his money through computers or real estate or advertising or maybe a combination of all three. I can't remember what Jack told me. But it was obvious by the size of their house he was in some serious cash. The house was located on the northern side of Sydney Harbor. It was a four level mansion with amazing views of the bridge and the opera house and the entire Sydney skyline. They even had their own private beach down the back of their property.
“It’s just a party,” Maria said. “So what if there’s a curfew? Everyone can sleep over if they want. We’ve got plenty of spare beds.”
“All right, you twisted my arm. But if I get in trouble, I’m blaming it all on you and your intense peer pressure.”
“Deal. See you soon.”
As I hung up the phone there was a knock at the door. I looked through the window and expected to see Jack but I saw some other guy standing there instead. It definitely wasn’t Jack but for some reason this guy looked familiar. He kept checking over his shoulder, shifting his weight, like he was nervous. He was wearing military fatigues. I couldn’t quite read the name on his jacket but then he turned around and a jolt of recognition shot through my body.
It was Kenji.
I immediately crouched and hid behind the door. What the hell was he doing here?
He knocked on the door again. The door shook with loud, urgent thumps.
“Rebecca?”
He knocked again. “Rebecca, it’s Kenji. I know you’re in there.”
How? How does he know I'm in here? Has he been spying on me?
“Go away!” I finally said.
“Rebecca! Please! I need to talk to you. I need to tell you something.”
“It's a bit late for that, you jerk. What are you even doing here? Aren't you supposed to be on tour in the Middle East or something, being all that you can be?”
“The Marine’s motto is Semper Fi.”
“Whatever.”
“Look, that's part of the reason why I'm here,” he said. “Please Bec, it's important.”
“Don't call me Bec.”
I stood slowly and turned to face the door. 
Although there was part of me that wanted to slap him in the face, there was a part of me that wanted everything to go back to the way it was, to close this huge divide between us. Either way, I needed to get this over with.
I hesitated for a split second before I finally opened the door. Kenji smiled. Apart from the uniform and the short hair he looked like the same old Kenji. He had grown quite a few inches since I last saw him and he was leaner but he still had the same friendly face. He opened his arms to hug me but I took a step back. I wasn’t ready for that.
“What are you doing here?” I asked.
“I needed to find you. I...”
“What the hell for?”
“I’ve come to warn you.”
“Warn me? About what?”
“We we’re re-deployed from Afghanistan to help with the quarantine. But I left... I deserted my post.”
“Left without notice again, huh?”
“Look, this is serious.”
“Yeah I bet. Can't you get court marshaled for desertion?”
“I had to leave. I had to warn you. It’s starting to get out of control.”
I should’ve let him explain. But I was too angry. Suddenly that anger I’d been suppressing for two years bubbled its way to the surface of my being.
“You just left!” I shouted. “You didn’t even tell me you were leaving. No goodbye, no note. Nothing! What do you want me to say? How did you expect me to react?”
I'd started yelling without realizing and this was making Kenji uncomfortable.
“Can I come inside? I'll explain everything.”
“No you can't. I think it’s best if you leave.”
“Please, Rebecca. It’s not safe here.”
I slammed the door in his face because he just wasn't listening and I didn’t want him to see me cry.
“OK, fine I'll leave. Just promise me one thing,” he said through the door. “Promise me you’ll unfold the horse I left on your kitchen bench.”
“Why? What for? How the hell did you break into my house anyway?”
But he didn’t answer. I peered through the window. He was gone.
I collapsed on the floor. My heart was racing. It had been two years since he left without saying goodbye but it felt longer than that.
I remember the first time we met. I was going through a rough time after my father was reported missing. For days I cried. For days I thought it was some kind of mistake and that he’d be sent home. I was in complete denial.
My mother eventually decided to send me to a doctor because I had totally shut myself off from the world. I had no friends, no social life. I stayed in my room all day and all night. I was hurt. It felt like I was dying inside.
That’s when Kenji moved in next door. He basically saved me. I was sitting in the gutter out the front of my house. He was kicking a soccer ball around. He came up to me and asked me if I liked soccer.
“Not really,” I said. “But I like David Beckham.”
And just like that we became friends. We used to stay up all night watching movies. We would camp out in his back yard and scare each other with ghost stories.
He was like no boy I’d ever met. He was funny and cute but he wasn’t up himself like other guys I knew. He was this weird mix of a complete nerd and a total action hero. On the one hand he liked comic books and Star Wars but on the other hand he had a black belt in just about every martial art I'd ever heard of. I think it was because his father was a real traditionalist and insisted that Kenji become proficient in all aspects of Japanese culture, including the martial arts. As a result Kenji used to teach me all kinds of cool stuff like Karate and Jujitsu. They had a huge basement underneath their house that looked like an old Japanese training hall. I swear it was like stepping back in time to feudal Japan.
They even had a small shooting range where they would practice firing the bow and arrow and even guns. I asked Kenji once why they had a shooting range in their basement and if it was even legal. He told me he wasn’t sure if it was legal but the reason they had built one was because the bow and arrow was a big part of Samurai culture. And the rifle was just a new and improved version of that. The principles were the same. The breathing, the concentration. It was like an active form of meditation if you did it right.
He even taught me how to shoot a gun. I wasn’t strong enough to use the bow and arrow properly but I was a decent shot with the rifle. His father didn’t approve of me at all. But Kenji would always convince him to let me stay. I think he would tell his father that teaching me helped him remember all the stuff that he had been taught over the years. His father would always reluctantly agree.
The best part about learning all this stuff and hanging out with Kenji was that it helped me take my mind off the possibility that my father was never coming home. It really was like an active form of meditation.
The more we hung out, the more I started to fall for Kenji. I didn’t think I could ever get close to another person after I’d been hurt so badly. But Kenji was just so amazing.
And then he left. He just vanished.
Shortly after that, my mother and I moved out to Australia to start a new life. She told me it would be good for us both, that it would be an adventure. I knew it was painful for her as well.
Now my old life was coming back to haunt me, opening old wounds, digging up long buried feelings.
I picked myself up off the floor and wiped the tears off my face. I walked into my room and unfolded the origami horse. Sure enough there was a note written inside.

Dear Rebecca,
I’m sorry for what I did. I know you don't trust me anymore but you must believe me when I say everyone is in danger right now. I will come for you.
-Kenji

Chapter 4

Five minutes later, Jack arrived to pick me up. He tried talking to me on the drive to Maria’s house but I was miles away.
“Are you all right?” he asked.
“Huh?”
“Are you all right? You’re pretty quiet over there, Bec.”
“Please don't call me Bec.” I hated when anyone called me Bec because that’s what my dad used to call me. And Kenji.
“Sorry, Re-bec-ca,” he said emphasizing my name.
“Well, don't say it like that. Sounds like I'm in trouble.”
“How about I just say, 'you there’?”
“Sounds good to me.”
“So, ‘you there’, what's wrong? Why are you so quiet?”
I wasn’t sure what to tell him.
“I’m just tired,” I said instead of telling him the truth. “I’ve been up all night watching the latest ‘Oz Virus’ developments.”
“It’s all just a bunch of hype. It’ll blow over soon. This time next week we’ll all be back in school wishing we weren’t.”
When we got to the party it was already well under way. To my surprise there was a whole bunch of people that showed up. It felt like the entire school year was at this party. I guess their parents were sick of their kids being stuck in the house for the entire week. I can imagine what they said. “Go to the party. Have fun. Just be back by 10pm, OK?”
Maria had a few rules for the party. She said everyone had to remain inside and keep the music as low as possible. She didn't want the neighbors complaining about the noise to the cops. If the cops showed up after 10pm everyone would be in serious trouble.
Nobody wanted that.
But by eight o'clock everyone sort of forgot the rules. Everyone was drunk or well on their way and so the music got louder. The house was full on every level. Everyone was cutting loose, hyper active. Like somehow everyone knew the world was about to end so they better make the most of their time.
My favorite part of that whole party was when a Nirvana song came on over the stereo. Someone turned the volume way up and Kurt Cobain was blaring over the speakers. “Come as you are, as you were, as a friend...” Everyone joined in and sang along. Unfortunately this may have caused one of the neighbors to call the cops.
The house phone rang and Maria immediately knew something was wrong.
“Oh no,” she said with a look of horror on her face.
“What is it?”
“No one ever calls the house phone. Except for Mrs. Gordon next door. And she only ever calls when she’s upset about something.”
A second later, one of the girls in our year, Christine I think her name was, came running inside. “Someone called the cops!” she yelled.
Kids screamed.
“Oh crap. What time is it?” Maria asked.
Everyone freaked out and made a run for it. This left just Maria, Jack and I. Just the three of us. We could hear the sirens of the police cars not far off.
I don’t know what we were thinking. Maybe we weren’t thinking. But we decided to make a run for it. Our reasoning was that if we turned all the lights off and got the hell out of there it would look like no one was home. We could hide out at my house because my mother was at work and Mrs. Gordon would look like a crazy old woman who was hearing noises. It was the perfect plan.
The only problem was Jack’s car didn’t start.
He tried a couple of times, turning the key in the ignition but nothing happened. He hit the steering wheel a couple of times before Maria suggested we try her dad’s car.
“His new BMW?” Jack asked. “No freakin way! He'd kill me!”
“Just do it! He’ll never know.”
We ran back over to the garage. Maria had to punch in a code to open the roller door. Inside was a black shiny car. Definitely not the kind of car that a father would let his daughter’s boyfriend drive.
“Do you even have the key?” Jack asked.
“Yeah, it should be here somewhere,” Maria said as she moved over to the wall where a whole row of keys were hanging up.
I jumped in the back seat and buckled myself in. Jack slid in behind the driver’s seat and Maria was in the front passenger.
“Do you have it?” Jack asked.
“Yeah,” she said as she held the key up. “But it has a keyless ignition. Just press the start button.”
Jack pressed the button and the car miraculously started. He turned the head lights on and accelerated out of the garage and down the long driveway.
Just when it looked like we were going to make a clean getaway, someone leapt out of the bushes directly in front of the car causing Jack to slam on the brakes. It was Kenji.
Maria screamed and Jack swore. I was completely mortified. I jumped out of the back seat and yelled at Kenji. “What are you doing here? Did you follow me? I told you I didn't want anything to do with you!”
Kenji had his hands up, trying to shield his eyes from the headlights. “I'm sorry. I had to. You're all in danger. If we leave now we can still make it.”
But there was no chance of us going anywhere. The police had arrived, blocking off the driveway. They played a message through a loudspeaker that said we had broken curfew and there was a zero tolerance policy. The messaged told us to lie on the ground with our hands behind our back.
 
Chapter 5

North Sydney Police Station
Holding Cell 1A

So the party turned out to be the worst idea ever, so did our getaway plan. I don’t know how Jack and Maria were feeling but as I sat in that tiny concrete holding cell, I was at an all-time low.
Thankfully, Kenji had been taken to a separate cell. I didn’t want to talk to him at that point because I was still angry. And I didn’t want to explain to Jack and Maria who he was because I just wasn’t ready. Although I was getting the feeling that they both wanted to ask me a whole bunch of questions about him. Like how I knew him and why the hell was he hanging out in the bushes in Maria’s front yard? But since we were sharing our holding cell with a woman who was most likely an alcoholic and most definitely insane, they were both silent.
And I know you shouldn't judge a book by its cover but this lady sitting across from me, making red-hot intense eye contact, was without a doubt bat crap insane.
I could tell Jack and Maria were just as scared of this woman as I was. They were both doing their best to ignore her. Jack was sitting on the floor, leaning against the back wall. Maria and I were sitting on the opposite bench to the crazy lady.
She started to plead her innocence to us. Well, to me. “It wasn't my liquor they found in my car,” she blurted out.
She swore she was being honest.
“I'm being honest with you, I'm looking right at you and I'm being honest. I swear.”
I smiled politely and nodded my head.
“That was Tommy's bottle. I swear. I was just holding it for him.”
I cringed. Why was she talking to me? There’s two other people here, why me?
“I'm being honest with you,” she said again.
Yeah right. I knew she wasn’t being honest with me. But I continued to smile and nod because this wasn’t the kind of place where you wanted to make enemies. It was the kind of place where you wanted to agree with whatever anyone was saying, even if that someone was a complete lunatic.
“And,” she continued, “He left his bottle of whiskey under the front seat. So now it looks like I was driving drunk. But I'd only had like, five or six beers. I was fine to drive. I've driven after way more beers than that before and nothing bad ever happened.”
“So where did Tommy go?” I asked in a tone that said I'm totally on her side and that driving after five or six beers is cool.
“He ran off when the cops pulled us over. The car was still moving and he just jumped out and ran for it. The cop pulling us over didn't see him jump. But I'm being honest with you. I'm looking right at you and I'm swearing on my mother's grave.”
I nodded my head again and smiled again. I tried not to look at this woman directly but I couldn’t help myself. Her skin looked like wet leather and her teeth were all yellow and cracked. She kept tapping her feet and running her hands through her hair, unable to sit still.
Thankfully, she didn’t notice me staring back at her. She was way too buzzed. She kept scratching her arms and her neck. It also looked like her ear was bleeding.
“What happened to your ear,” I asked because I couldn’t help myself.
“Tommy bit me. He bit me right before he jumped out of the car. I'm so mad with him right now.”
The life of an alcoholic. Suddenly our predicament didn’t look so bad. Not that it was. It's not like we'd done anything majorly wrong. So what if we broke curfew? The hardest part of this whole thing would be telling my mother that I’d been arrested. She worked so hard to put me in a good school, to put a roof over my head. How could I tell her that I had been arrested? What could I say?
“Hi Mother dearest. You'll never guess what! I was at a party, right? And I know there was a curfew and all but I thought if I was home by 10pm it would be all right. And at the very worst I could just sleep over at Maria’s house but then I guess we had stayed out a little late and someone called the cops. And to cut a long story short, I'm at the police station right now. No, I'm not sure what bail is set at. Yes, they take credit cards. Yes they take American Express.”
The crazy lady asked me if I was hot. “Are you hot? It’s hot in here isn’t it? I bet this is all part of their mind games. They turn the heat up so they can try and get a confession out of me.”
“I guess it’s a little warm.”
I said it was a little warm even though the metal bench I was sitting on was ice cold.
“You know, none of this would've happened if it wasn't for the damn quarantine and the 10pm curfew,” she said, slurring her words. “How are people supposed to have fun around here? I reckon it's all a bunch of scare tactics.”
She went on and on about the quarantine and the military. She was convinced it was all a conspiracy by the government to cover up an alien landing in the outback.
I tuned out but she kept right on talking.
Maria leant over so she could whisper in my ear. “Why is she still talking?”
I shrugged my shoulders. “I don't know. Hey, Jack's sister will get us out of this, right?”
“I hope so.” She turned to Jack. “Pssst, Jack. Your sister will get us out of this, right?”
Jack was sitting with his knees up to his chest. He did not look optimistic. “I don’t know. She's been out on call for like, two days straight. Apparently it's getting pretty wild out in the western suburbs.”
That is not what we wanted to hear.
“Oh great,” Maria said. “We are so screwed.”
“Relax. Worst case scenario is we'll get a warning and a slap on the wrist. I'm the one who is screwed. Your dad is going to kill me when he finds out I tried to drive his car.”
“Come on, he won’t find out,” Maria said unconvincingly. “Daddy will understand.”
“Won’t find out? The cops wrote it in their report!”
“I'll just tell him the cops got it wrong and I was the one who tried to drive it away. I’ll tell him the place was being ransacked by looters or something and we were trying to save the car. He’ll buy it. Then it’ll look like we’re the good guys.”
Jack smiled at this suggestion, like he thought it might actually work.
Meanwhile, the crazy lady was still talking. I think she was telling me about the time she accidentally stole a bottle of bourbon from a bar and was wrongly accused of being a thief.
“Are we going to have a permanent record?” I asked Jack and Maria while still making eye contact with the crazy lady and nodding my head.
“God, I hope not,” Maria said. “That will seriously affect my ability to get into university. Did you know you can’t apply for medicine if you have a record? Or law, or teaching for that matter.”
“Why would you want to be a teacher?” Jack asked. “You just spent the best years of your life at school. Why on earth would you want to go back and be a teacher?”
“I didn’t say that I wanted to be a teacher. I’m just saying you can’t apply to do that course if you have a criminal record. It’s not a good look for a school to have ex-crims teaching the kids. But I think I would make a good teacher. Plus you get at least two months’ worth of holidays a year. More for private schools. Tell me another profession that gets that kind of benefits.”
Jack was silent for a moment. “Paid holidays?”
“You better believe it.”
“Wow. I never thought of that. Not that I’d ever be able to be a teacher. I wouldn’t be able to deal with all the smart ass kids.”
“You mean, kids like you?”
“Hey, I know I'm not the easiest student to deal with. But I’m not that bad.”
“Guys, can we focus here?” I said to get them back on track. “When they let us use the phone, who should we call? My mother has been working some crazy hours at the hospital. I’m not sure if we’d be able to get in contact with her. Should we call your parents, Jack?”
“Yeah, we can probably call my parents. But they are not going to be happy.”
“It would be weird if they were,” I replied.
“Speaking of weird, who was that guy we nearly ran over in my driveway?” Maria asked. “And why did you jump out of the car and start yelling at him? Do you know him?”
Maria had been dying to ask me about Kenji. I guess there was no real point in trying to hide the fact that I knew him.
“Ah, yeah, I kinda know him,” I said. “He’s just some loser from back home. I don’t know what he was doing. I told him not to follow me.”
“He followed you? You mean like, he stalked you?”
“No. He didn't stalk me. Well, not really. He used to be my next door neighbor. We used to be close. But we’re not anymore.”
“Yeah, you've got an international stalker,” Jack said. “You must feel so popular right now. He’s come across international waters for you.”
“Shut up.”
It was weird how they could still joke around at a time like this. I guess that’s why they were such great friends.
An hour or two later we heard the jingle jangle of keys and approaching footsteps. We all turned our heads to the side and listened, like dogs.
“Finally!” Maria said. “It’s about time.”
Amazingly, the crazy lady was still talking. “But enough about me,” she said. “What about you? What did they get you for?”
“We were out past curfew,” I said as I listened to the approaching footsteps.
“Typical. They can’t just give you a warning, can they? Oh no, they need to make an example out of honest hard working citizens like you and me and your friends.”
The footsteps were close now. A second later, three police officers appeared at the entrance to the cell. One of them had the keys, another one was carrying a baton in his hand and a look on his face that said he was ready and willing to use it. And the last one was escorting this guy who had obviously had way too much to drink. I wondered if the drunk guy was Tommy, the crazy lady's friend.
The cop with the keys cleared his throat. “Everyone remain seated. Keep away from the door.”
“Come on, Miss Stephanie,” the cop with the baton said to the crazy lady. “It’s time to answer a few questions about what we found in your car.”
The crazy lady lifted her head slowly. Her bloodshot eyes focused on the drunken man. “Tommy! Tommy, you coward! I can’t believe you ran off on me like that! I can’t believe you bit me! We’re supposed to be friends. Friends don’t bite each other and run off.”
Tommy didn’t seem to acknowledge that he was being yelled at or if he even knew this lady, which just made her look even crazier.
She screamed and kicked and flailed her arms. The officer with the baton threatened to use it. He then handcuffed her and took her away. She screamed all the way down the corridor.
They sat Tommy down on the bench where the crazy lady had been sitting. When the police officers let him go, he just drooped over to one side and fell asleep on the freezing cold bench. The only way anyone could’ve slept on such a cold surface was if they were drugged to the eyeballs or unbelievably drunk. And judging by the color of this guy's skin and the drool that was coming out of his mouth; I’d say he was one drink away from liver failure.
The police locked the cell and started to walk away. Maria ran over to the bars, and yelled out. “Hey, what about us? Are you going to let us go?”
There was no reply.
 
Chapter 6

The waiting was unbearable and uncomfortable. Sleeping was impossible. We were starving and tired and agitated. If the cops were trying to break us down it was definitely working. I was ready to confess to anything and I didn’t really care what. I guess spending a night in a holding cell will do that to a person.
It must have been morning because my belly was growling at me, demanding to be fed. We were calling out for help but no one was answering. Outside we could hear what sounded like helicopters and low flying jets and an endless convoy of trucks. Tommy was still passed out. He was now lying on the floor. Come to think of it, he hadn’t really moved at all during the night.
Now we were really starting to freak out. We started arguing.
“Why haven't they come back for us?” Maria asked. “What's taking them so long?”
Jack had a worried look on his face. He was biting his bottom lip. “This isn’t even legal. By law they have to let us go within twenty-four hours if they haven’t charged us with anything.”
“How do you even know that?” Maria fired back.
“I’ve watched enough episodes of Law and Order to know that if you don’t charge the bad guy with something, even if that bad guy is the big boss man himself, then you have to let them go.”
“That’s just on TV! And that’s American TV! How do you know that’s even what happens in real life. Let alone in Australia!”
“We practically have the same legal system.”
“Jack, you are starting to get on my nerves.”
I’d never seen these two fight. Ever. They were always joking around and even when they were arguing they were always pretend arguing. Maria was starting to lose her cool. She knew this was no time for jokes.
“Well, anyways, how long has it been?” I interjected.
Maria checked her watch. “It’s about 10am now, so we’ve been here at least ten or twelve hours. Assuming that we got here after curfew and around midnight. But I’m not really sure when we got here.”
“Do you think it has something to do with the quarantine?” Jack said.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“I mean, do you think all the cops in town are off trying to help enforce the quarantine?”
“No. They wouldn’t send everyone. There’s no way.”
“But what if they had no choice? I mean, what if the virus from the immigration center was worse than anyone thought? What if it got completely out of control and it killed everyone? What if we’re the only ones left? Just the three of us and the drunk guy here.”
“Shut up Jack.” Maria and I said in unison.
He was making it all sound so terrifyingly real. I didn’t want to think about it. Because at that moment, it really did feel like we were the only people left alive on Earth.
“Guys, I'm kidding," Jack said in an attempt to calm our nerves. "Look, if that was the case then we’d be dead. The virus would’ve killed us as well.”
It didn’t work.
“The curfew and the quarantine are just precautions.” he offered. “Everything is going to be fine. And it’s not like we broke any major laws or anything.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” I agreed, trying to sound positive. “And besides, Kim will get us out of here won’t she? She works at this precinct, right?”
“Yeah. But like I said before she’s been out on call. I don’t know when she’s coming back. But don’t worry, we won’t even need her help anyway. We’ll be fine.”
“I think it’s worth a shot.”
“Yeah, that’s great and all,” Maria said. “But who knows if we’ll ever get a chance to play that card. Who knows if we’ll ever get out of this cell?”
“Now you're just being silly. They're going to come back for us,” Jack said.
“How do you know that?”
“I just do.”
“How?”
“What do you want us to do, Maria?”
“I don’t know! But we need to do something! We can’t just wait here.”
Jack started biting his lip again. Even though he was saying we needed to calm down and that everything would be all right and they were totally going to come back for us, I could tell that he wasn't so sure. I could tell that he was starting to think that no one was coming for us, that everyone had been killed, that we were the last survivors on Earth. He didn't want to wait here anymore than Maria did. But that's exactly what we did. It was all we could do.
We must have dozed off in the afternoon. A combination of boredom, hunger, and sleep deprivation was enough to do it. I woke to the sound of Tommy moaning in pain. It was the first sound he had made since he got here. He was doubled over; blood was dripping from his mouth.
I woke Maria and she immediately moved over to the bars and called out for help. I moved over to the opposite corner of the cell, as far away from Tommy as possible. Jack moved slightly closer to him and asked if he was all right. But Tommy didn’t answer. He just kept moaning, louder and louder.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with him,” Jack said.
I was still keeping my distance. “Maybe ask him if he wants some water?”
“Hey buddy, do you want some water?” Jack asked.
Tommy raised his head slightly. He was looking at Jack but his eyes weren't focusing. I can't really remember what happened next, if Jack asked him if he was all right or if Jack said anything to provoke him or whatever, but the next thing I knew Tommy had lunged for Jack with both hands and grabbed him by the shirt.
The weird thing was, it looked like Tommy was trying to bite Jack. Luckily, Jack has fairly long arms and strong shoulders from years of surfing. He was able to keep Tommy at a safe distance. It was so weird to see someone who had been completely immobile for so long, suddenly spring to life in a violent rage. He must have gone insane, which I guess is not that unusual for hardcore alcoholics. I remembered the crazy lady saying something about Tommy biting her before he ran off. I don’t know, maybe it was his thing.
Anyway, the two of them wrestled for what seemed like an eternity and just when it looked like Tommy had the upper hand, Jack pushed him back. Tommy stumbled and lost his footing. He cracked his head against the concrete wall and fell to the ground in a heap. The insides of his head were black, almost solid, but oozing at the same time.
Maria was still yelling for help and I was still crouched in the far corner of the cell. I had my legs tucked up to my chest. I was completely frozen, unable to look away from the massive hole at the back of Tommy’s head.
 
Chapter 7

Hearing the jingle jangle of keys and the sound of running footsteps was enough to snap me out of my hypnotic state. I turned my gaze away from Tommy and saw two police officers trying to unlock the cell. Thankfully, one of them was Kim.
“Why were they left here? What the hell is going on?” she demanded.
“Kim!” Maria shouted. “Thank God! Get us out of here.”
It was a huge relief to see a familiar face. And also to know that there were still people alive.
“Bloody hell, Dennis,” Kim said to the other officer. “You left them in the cell?”
“I had no choice. There was an emergency call. And I was the only one here to answer it. What was I supposed to do? I didn’t realize it was going to take so long.”
“Where’s the other lady?”
“She’s still in solitary confinement. She started skitzing out last night.”
“Skitzing out?”
“You know, going crazy. She was violent and swearing, the whole nine yards.”
Jack was kneeling down, next to Tommy. He was breathing hard. “He attacked us. I didn’t mean to hurt him.”
Kim opened the cell gate and asked us if we were all right. Then she saw the mess that was now Tommy’s head. The color drained from her face and she threw up.
Officer Dennis ran his hands through his hair. “Crikey. What the bloody hell happened here?”
Kim leant against the wall. “Why did you even bring them in?” she asked Dennis. “Why didn’t anyone tell me my brother had been arrested?”
“Look, our orders were to enforce the curfew,” he answered. “Zero tolerance. Even for minors. Even for your brother. Not that we knew he was your brother.”
“Wait a minute. You haven't even processed them yet?”
“No. Not yet. But we didn't know we would be short staffed two hours later! A lot can happen in two hours. Especially with all the crazy stuff that's been going on.”
“All right,” said Kim as she wiped some vomit from the side of her mouth. “I’ll take these kids out of here and contact their parents.”
“It’s OK. I can do it,” Dennis said.
“No. You’re going to clean this mess up. And call a paramedic or something.”
I don’t think Tommy needed a paramedic. He needed a new head.
“What? Why do I have to clean up?”
“Because you left them here.”
“I had no choice!”
“And now you don’t have a choice about this.”
“This is so not fair.”
“You want me to tell the Sergeant what you did?”
Dennis paused. You could see the cogs in his brain ticking over. “Damn it. OK, you win. Let me get a mop.”
“And check on the lady in solitary.”
“Hey, one thing at a time.”
“Oh and where is the soldier they brought in last night?” Kim asked.
“He’s also in solitary. We contacted the US military. They said they’d be around sometime today to collect him.”
They must’ve been talking about Kenji. Looked like he was serious when he said he’d gone AWOL. How he even managed to get away in the first place and stay hidden was amazing in itself. But I guess being on the run catches up with everyone sooner or later.
“Paper work is gonna take forever,” Dennis complained.
It’s funny how all they were thinking about was the mess and the paperwork.
 
Chapter 8

Our brush with death, or in Jack’s case his wrestle with death, had left us all a little shaken.
Kim had taken us to one of the interrogation rooms to get us away from the mess in the holding cell, and to make sure we were all right. “Don’t worry,” she said. “We’re not going to actually interrogate you.”
I think she was trying to make a joke to lighten the mood. Nobody laughed.
The interrogation room was pretty bare. It consisted of a table and some chairs, a phone and one of those massive one way mirrors where people could watch from the next room. Kim sat down on the other side of the table and assured us we would be able to go home just as soon as we talked with the Sergeant.
“Why do we need to talk with the Sergeant?” Jack asked. “Can’t we just leave?”
“I think he just wants to make sure you’re OK. And that you’re not going to sue for spending all night in a holding cell with a maniac.”
Kim looked so cool in her police uniform. It was only the year before last that she’d finished high school and now here she was, looking totally badass. For the brief time that I’d known Kim I’d always admired her. She's super strong and fit. Plus she’s not intimidated by anyone. All of a sudden my mind showed me an 80’s action-movie style montage of Kim working out at a gym, walking her dog, rock climbing, picking out a ripe avocado in the fresh food section of the grocery store, catching a Frisbee. I forced myself to snap out of it. I think the sleep deprivation was making me a little loopy.
A moment later, an older, extremely over weight man entered the room and sat down next to Kim. He didn’t look anywhere near as good as Kim did in her uniform. The buttons on his shirt were under enormous strain and he had sweat stains under his arms. There was no montage for him playing in my head. If there was, it would only have consisted of him sitting on a lazy boy, eating nachos off of his gut, spilling guacamole on the floor, whistling to his dog to come and clean up the mess. He looked at me then, he even raised his eyebrows as if to say, “Well? Where’s my 80’s action-movie style montage?”
I suddenly felt light headed.
“OK kiddies,” the Sergeant said. “We're not here to play good cop, bad cop. We just need to get some details on record and then you can go home.”
I breathed a sigh of relief. I knew we hadn’t really broken any laws.
“My name is Sergeant Karl Pearce. And you already know this young lady.”
Maria started to cry.
“Miss, please calm down,” the Sergeant said as he rolled his eyes. “We’re not here to lecture you about the underage drinking or yell at you for breaking curfew or anything like that. Frankly, we’ve got bigger things to deal with right now.”
Lecture us, I thought? We were the ones left in the holding cell for like, twenty four hours. I wanted to ask him if that was even legal. But I didn't. I guess I was chicken.
Maria kept on crying. She had her head lowered and her shoulders hunched forward. But to my surprise she was the one who confronted the Sergeant. “Why did you take so long? Why did you leave us in there?” she asked through a mess of tears.
Even then, even despite the little bit of snot running down her nose, she still looked beautiful.
“We were attacked by that man,” she continued. “He could've hurt us, he could've done anything.”
“Look, we’re sorry about that. But as you know the National Quarantine has put enormous pressure on our resources. Trust me; with all the looting and riots out there, prison is the safest place to be right now.”
This piece of news did not comfort Maria at all. She actually started to cry harder, wailing to the point where she couldn’t breathe properly. “Safe!? We could've been killed!”
Jack sat forward in his chair. “Kim, she’s just tired. I think she just wants to go home.”
I was surprised that Jack was so calm at this point, especially since he was the one who was actually attacked.
The Sergeant looked at Kim and pinched the bridge of his nose. I guess he hadn’t dealt with too many hysterical teenage girls during his career. Before he had a chance to gain some experience in this field, the intercom beeped.
“Sergeant Pearce?”
The big man leant over the intercom and spoke unnecessarily close to the receiver. “Yes, Dennis. What do you need?”
“Sorry to interrupt but Lieutenant Smith of the US Marines is here to talk to you. He said you’ve been expecting him? He's here to collect the soldier we picked up last night.”
The Sergeant took his finger off the intercom button. “About bloody time. Bloody yanks. Haven’t even been here a week and they think they run the joint.”
He pushed the intercom button back in and composed himself. “Copy that. I’ll be out in a second. Tell him to have a seat.”
“Yes, sir. Oh and sir?” The man on the other end lowered his voice to a whisper. “There’s an issue in solitary.”
“What do you mean?”
“That lady, the one we picked up drink driving? Well, she’s acting weird.”
“She's an alcoholic, Dennis. What do you expect?”
“You better come and have a look.”
The Sergeant took his finger back off the intercom button and stood up. “Bloody hell. Can someone please tell me why Dennis can never do anything for himself? What do they even teach you kids at the academy these days?”
Kim nodded her head in agreement. “It’s an outrage, Sir.”
Sergeant Pearce straightened his tie as best he could. “Finish up here would you? Make it quick.”
“Yes, sir.”
The Sergeant waddled out of the room. It was quite a site watching someone of that size move.
Kim waited until the Sergeant had left before apologizing. “Sorry about that. He’s having a bad day.”
“He's having a bad day?” I asked.
“Kim, just get us the hell out of here,” Jack said.
“OK, well, since Maria's parents are out of town you should probably take her home,” Kim said to Jack. “I'll call dad.”
“Do you have to?” Jack protested. “Can’t you just take us home?”
“No. We're way too busy.”
“Please don't call them,” Jack said. “They still think I'm at Maria's. Just let us walk home. They won't even have to know.”
“Jack, you're all minors. I'm not allowed to let you just walk out. I’d lose my job. And besides, you do not want to be walking the streets right now. People are looting and rioting everywhere. Grocery stores, pharmacies, liquor stores. It's getting pretty damn crazy out there.”
Jack banged his head on the table.
“What are you worried about?” Kim asked. “Dad won't even care. He'll be happy to know that you guys are OK. You know what he's like. His bark is worse than his bite.”
“Yeah, maybe with you. We both know you’re his favorite.”
“Whatever. I’m still calling him,” she said as she picked up the phone. She punched in a few numbers before stopping. “That’s weird.” She put the phone on the receiver and picked it back up. “What the hell? There’s no dial tone.”
She put the phone back on the receiver and checked her mobile. “The network is down.” She then tried her radio but it was full of static. She tried the phone again but it was no good.
“Stay here. I’ll have to use one of the phones in the office,” she said as she was looking at the reception bars on her phone, moving it around to see if that would make any difference.
Before she could leave, there was a loud bang that came from somewhere in the building. A bang that sounded oddly like a gunshot.
Kim looked up from her phone.
The angry scowl on Maria’s face morphed into a look of fear. She stopped crying. “What was that?”
“Maybe it was a car back firing?” Jack said. “Like, a really old car?”
Another bang. This time it sounded louder and closer. Definitely not a car backfiring.
We all held our breath.
I looked at Kim. Her eyes were wide and full of confusion.
“Was that what I think it was?” I said.
“Shh.” She held her hand up to keep us quiet. She stood slowly. She unclipped the gun holster on her belt with her other hand.
I gripped the sides of my chair. A police station was the last place you expected to hear gunshots.
She took a few cautious steps towards the one and only door to the room. “Guys, I want you to move to the other side of the table. Stay as low as possible.”
We did exactly as she said.
Kim moved closer to the door. She reached for the door handle. Someone screamed in pain from the other side. This was followed by three more gunshots in quick succession. There was another scream of pain and someone else yelled, “Get down!”
Kim jumped a good five feet back from the door and drew her gun.
The door burst open.
Sergeant Pearce fell into the room ass backwards. Officer Dennis ran in after him, clutching his baton. He was covered in blood.
They were both out of breath.
A United States soldier followed them in, bringing up the rear. It was Kenji. He had a rifle in one hand and was carrying a wounded soldier on his other arm.
Kenji had the rifle raised and ready as he walked backwards through the door. His movements were calm and methodical. Once he was sure it was safe, he lowered his rifle and lowered the soldier, carefully placing his head on the ground. He then slammed the door shut and put his full weight against it.
The wounded soldier had his eyes closed, but kept repeating over and over, “The Lieutenant is dead, man. He’s dead. Call for back up.”
 
Chapter 9

The interrogation room was getting crowded and because of the one way mirror it looked like there was two of everyone.
Sergeant Pearce was frantic. “Jesus Christ, Dennis! How did she get out?”
Officer Dennis was holding the side of his neck. The front of his uniform was completely covered in blood. “She went crazy. She just,” he paused. He looked like he was going to throw up. “She attacked me.”
Kenji was leaning heavily against the door with his shoulder. He had his ear up to the door, listening. The wounded soldier was lying down in the corner. He looked like he was in bad shape. It looked like he had several bullet wounds to his chest and stomach.
Sergeant Pearce was still trying to catch his breath. “What do you mean she attacked you? How did she get free?”
“I don’t know! It was like she ripped her hands out of the cuffs.”
“You’ve got to be kidding.”
“I swear to you I’m being serious. Then she lunged at me. I hit her with the baton but she didn’t even seem to notice. She didn’t even put her hands up to protect herself. She just kept coming. I made a run for it. I made it back to the front office and that’s when I saw Lieutenant Smith struggling with that other guy we’d brought in. The Lieutenant must have tripped at some point. The suspect was on top of him before I could get there.”
Kenji looked at Officer Dennis. “Whose blood are you covered in?”
Dennis looked at his shirt. It was only then he realized it was completely red. “I’m not sure.” He looked himself over, checking his arms. His hands were trembling. “I think it’s hers. She was bleeding from the mouth and nose. It was messed up.”
“This is crazy!” yelled Sergeant Pearce. “I shot her right in the chest and she didn’t even flinch!”
“It’s gotta be a psychotic episode, right?” Kim offered. “Like, a drug induced psychotic episode. Addicts that get messed up on meth and crack, they go completely mad, they don’t feel pain, they just go crazy. That’s the only explanation, right?”
From the corner, Jack asked, “How come this guy is shot?”
“Friendly fire from the Lieutenant,” Kenji said. “When that woman attacked, the Lieutenant tried to get some shots off. He was caught in the cross fire.”
“Is he going to make it?”
There was no reply.
It was a weird feeling being in the same room as a soldier that was in all probability, bleeding to death from multiple gunshot wounds. We usually only heard about this kind of thing on the news. But here it was, happening right here, right in front of us.
At this point I was still crouched behind the table. Jack was crouching next to me and Maria was holding onto Jack. She had completely stopped crying. “Jack, we need to call your parents and get the hell out of here,” she whispered.
“So what happened to the Lieutenant?” Sergeant Pearce asked as he struggled to get to his feet. Kim moved over to help the big man stand up.
“I tried to help,” Dennis said. “I tried to stop them. But that guy was already on top of him. And once the woman saw the Lieutenant on the ground she stopped chasing me and...” he trailed off. “They were too fast!” His voice was breaking.
“Jesus Christ! So Lieutenant Smith could be bleeding to death for all we know.”
“We have to go out there,” Kim said.
Kenji shook his head. “That’s not a good idea.”
“Excuse me?” Sergeant Pearce asked. “Why the hell not?”
“It’s too dangerous. We’re going to need help.”
“I think the four of us can handle two drugged out psychos,” Kim said.
Sergeant Pearce pulled a hanky out of his pocket and wiped his forehead. He was leaning up against the large mirror, breathing heavily. He looked like he was going to have a heart attack. “So what you’re saying is, you think we should just sit tight and wait for back up while your Lieutenant bleeds to death out there?”
Before Kenji could answer Pearce, a loud animalistic moan reverberated through the tiny room. Someone started banging on the other side of the one way mirror. For a fleeting split second I thought maybe it was the Lieutenant banging on the mirror for help. But I guess everyone sort of knew it wasn’t the Lieutenant. I guess everyone already knew who or what it was.
“Pearce!” Kim shouted. “Get away from the mirror!”
It was too late.
The crazy lady smashed through the glass, cutting her arms and her face to shreds. But she didn’t seem to care. She was hysterical and frothing red saliva. Her mouth and chin were covered in blood. She grabbed the big Sergeant around his neck and pulled him up and over into the adjacent room. There’s no way one little alcoholic lady should’ve been able to lift a man that size off his feet.
Sergeant Pearce screamed and then made a gurgling noise.
The weird thing is, I remember it now as if it happened in slow motion. But it all happened so damn fast. Too fast to sit down and think things through in a clear and logical manner. It happened and we reacted.
Before we could help the Sergeant there was a thump on the door. Kenji still had his full weight against it. But it wouldn’t take long for whoever or whatever was on the other side to bust in.
“Rebecca!” Kenji yelled. “I need you to unclip two grenades from him,” he said, referring to the wounded soldier.
“What? Are you crazy?”
“Just do it!”
I knelt down over the soldier and unclipped two grenades from his vest. “Now what?”
“Pull the pins and throw them into the next room.”
I did what he said, like I was a robot on auto pilot and he was punching in commands. I'd never thrown a grenade. I didn't know you had to pull a pin. But there I was, doing exactly what he said.
I threw the grenades into the room where the crazy lady and the Sergeant were. Kenji told me to hit the deck and take cover. Then he opened the door and planted a thrust kick, smack bang in the middle of the chest of whoever was trying to break in through the door and opened fire with his rifle. He then slammed the door shut and dived, covering me and Officer Dennis.
“Everyone get down!” Kenji yelled.
We all flattened ourselves against the floor.
Kenji grabbed Kim and threw her to the ground as well. Above all the chaos I could hear him counting down the seconds of the grenade fuse.
At five seconds I curled up into a ball and made myself as small as possible. I thought if I squeezed myself into a tight enough ball, I would be able to teleport out of there.
Three seconds.
I didn't teleport.
Two seconds.
Jack was curled up next to me, covering his head. Maria was underneath Jack, curled up into an even smaller ball.
No seconds.
Two simultaneous explosions rocked the police station. The noise sent me momentarily deaf. My world turned to dust and debris and a high pitched ringing.
 
Chapter 10

The first thing I did was check to see if I had all my limbs still attached. The dust was still settling and my ears were still ringing but I was intact.
I could just make out Kim shouting at Kenji, waving her arms around.
Kenji ignored her. He was on his feet as soon as the grenades had blown. He peered over into the next room and raised his rifle back up to his shoulder. He pulled the trigger three times. Each gunshot sounded muffled but was still loud enough to make me jump.
“Clear!” Kenji shouted.
“Clear? You just killed Pearce!” Kim shouted in disbelief.
“He was already dead,” Kenji replied.
“Is everyone OK?” Jack asked. “Maria, are you all right?”
I slowly uncurled myself. I was slightly deaf but I was fine. Jack and Maria were huddled in the corner. Maria’s amazing tan seemed to have disappeared. She was pale and covered in dust.
Kim brushed herself off. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” she asked Kenji.
Kenji again ignored the question. He slid the ammo magazine out of his rifle and threw it on the ground. “We need to leave,” he said as he leant down and felt the neck of the wounded soldier for a pulse. He then felt his wrist and leant over his mouth and listened for breathing. But there was nothing. No sign of life.
He then searched the pockets of the fallen soldier for ammo and other supplies. It was unsettling, like he was picking him clean, like a vulture. But I guess it wasn’t meant to be disrespectful. It was just about survival. Kenji found a hand gun and a spare magazine for the rifle. “We need to leave right now,” he said again as he reloaded.
Officer Dennis was still lying on the ground. It wasn’t until he regained his senses that he realized he had a piece of glass the size of a large knife stuck in his thigh. He began to freak out. His mouth dropped. His eyes went all bug like. “Guys, I might be in trouble here.”
He went to pull it out but Kenji stopped him. “Don’t!”
“What? Why not?”
“It’s in too deep. If you sever your femoral artery, you’re a dead man.”
“But look at the size of the thing!”
“If you sever the artery, you’ll bleed to death in about three minutes. Do not move it.”
“Oh Jesus.” Dennis said as he swallowed hard.
“Is anyone else hurt?” Kenji asked.
I patted myself down. I seemed to be fine. Maria was in a state of shock but physically she was all right.
Jack held Maria. “Are you sure you’re OK?” he asked again.
“Hurt?” yelled Kim. “You mean besides Pearce?” She still couldn’t believe what was happening.
“It had to be done,” Kenji explained as he unclipped a walkie talkie from the dead soldier's belt. “Private Ken Yoshida requesting containment crew at North Sydney Police Station,” he said into the radio. “Repeat. Private Ken Yoshida requesting containment crew at North Sydney Police Station. Over.”
“Containment Crew?” Kim asked.
A crackled reply said, “Request denied, Private.”
“Be advised of possible contact. Over.”
More static. “Understood, private. Request still denied. Make your way to Royal North Shore Hospital for decontamination process.”
Kenji swore under his breath.
“Buddy, I don’t care who you are, or what you’re doing here,” Kim said. “You need to give me some answers. Right now!”
Kim was enraged. I'd never seen her lose her cool before. Maria had always told me that she was a bit of a control freak. And now that everything was completely out of her control she was starting to lose it.
But again, Kenji ignored her. “We need to get Officer Dennis to the hospital.”
Dennis was hopeful. “Yeah,” he agreed, his voice croaking. “Yeah, that’s a good idea.”
Kim looked down at Dennis, looked at the oozing, bleeding wound in his leg. She knew it was the only option, the right option. “OK,” she said reluctantly. “But when we get there, you’re going to give me some answers.”
The two of them bent down and picked up Officer Dennis, taking extra care not to dislodge the massive shard of glass sticking out of his leg.
“Have you got him?” Kenji asked.
“Yeah.”
“What about him?” I asked about the other soldier.
Kenji just shook his head and everyone was silent for a moment.
“Follow me,” Kenji said after a while. “Stay close. Girls stay behind Officer Kim, understood? You too,” he said to Jack. “We don’t need any heroes.”
“Hey, I'm not gonna do anything stupid,” Jack said, slightly offended.
We all followed this lone soldier, who used to be my next door neighbor. We followed him out of the interrogation room. We stepped over the person who had been trying to bust in through the door. He’d actually fallen a fair way back. His face was missing and there was a huge hole in his chest. I guess taking a couple of point blank rounds from a rifle will do that to you. We moved out into the foyer of the police station. Kenji had his rifle back up to his shoulder, ready to fire. For some reason, this didn’t make me feel very comfortable.
Outside, it was storming and completely dark except for when a flash of lightning lit up the night.
Kenji held his hand up, signaling for us to stop.
Lying next to the entrance was the Lieutenant. He was lying in a pool of blood. Kenji lowered his rifle and slung it over his back. He drew his sidearm and walked slowly towards the body.
Then the damndest thing happened.
The Lieutenant was lying flat on his back when he suddenly sat straight up.
Kenji motioned for us to stay back as he slowly moved closer. The Lieutenant was making the same moaning sound that Tommy had been making right before he attacked Jack.
The Lieutenant turned towards Kenji, dark red blood dripped from his nose and mouth. When he turned towards us you could see a huge wound in his neck that exposed his spinal cord. It was no wonder he was moaning in pain.
Just as the Lieutenant was about to get to his feet, Kenji fired three shots from his handgun. Two bullets hit the lieutenant square in the chest and one right in the middle of his forehead. Kenji then stood over the Lieutenant and fired another shot directly into his head.
It was the sixth death I had experienced that day, that afternoon. Little did I know it was only a preview of things to come.
“Why did you shoot him?” I asked. “That man needed help.”
“Just don’t step in the blood,” Kenji said without any hint of emotion in his voice. “I'll explain at the hospital. But right now we have to get out of here. We are all in serious danger. Please, you must believe me. We don't have much time.”
It wasn’t like we had a choice. So we all did what he said. Maybe we followed him because we were still in shock from the grenades, from the deaths, from being attacked by a couple of psychos. Maybe because somewhere in the back of our collective consciousness we already knew what was going on. These things don’t just happen, not here, not in a country like Australia, not unless something really bad was about to go down. But I guess none of us wanted to voice these fears. Who would? You’d sound downright insane and no one wanted to scare themselves any more than they already were.
Kenji never actually said, “Come with me if you want to live.” Like Kyle Reese’s famous words from ‘Terminator’. But we all knew that if we wanted to live we better go with him.
So we followed. Blindly. Like Lemmings. One by one.
Kenji slid his sidearm back into its holster and dragged the Lieutenant out of the way so he could open the front doors. He checked the Lieutenant's pants and found a set of keys. He looked out the door and across the street. “Good,” he said. “It’s right there. Everyone into the Humvee.”
The giant military car was parked across the road. Kenji opened the entrance doors and motioned for us to hurry up and reminded us to not step in the blood.
Over the clap of thunder and the roar of the wind I heard some strange noises. Sort of like the moaning noise the crazy lady had made before she crashed through the observation window. But it sounded like it was coming from multiple directions. The rain was pelting down making it difficult to see anything.
“Keep your heads down,” Kenji said. “Run straight for the Humvee. Keep as quiet as possible.”
“Keep quiet?” Kim asked. “Why?”
“Just go,” Kenji said as he moved outside the entrance. He knelt down on one knee and looked through the scope on his rifle. He looked up and down the street. “Hurry.”
In the distance I could just make out dark shapes moving and running. The rain was making it difficult to see. We hesitated. Not wanting to get wet more than anything at that point.
Kenji slung his rifle over his shoulder and jumped to his feet. He started pushing us forward. “Get to the car. Now!”
 
Chapter 11

We fled the police station in the middle of the night, in a United States military Humvee. Kenji told, or rather ordered Kim to drive because he didn’t know the way to the hospital and because he wanted to ride shotgun in case he needed to provide covering fire. I wanted to ask him, covering fire from what? But I was too scared of the answer. So Kim drove at top speed, taking up both lanes, driving over median strips with ease.
Rain pelted the windshield. I didn’t know how she could see anything but she kept her foot planted firmly on the accelerator. I was in the back with Maria, Jack and poor Officer Dennis.
Officer Dennis still had the foot long shard of glass in his leg but he didn’t seem to mind. “I know it looks gross,” he said. “But I can’t even feel it. Is that weird?”
Jack mentioned something about adrenalin and how it’s a great pain killer.
I couldn’t stop thinking about Kenji and how much he had changed, how much he had grown. He was so different to the boy I used to know, especially when he had a rifle up to his shoulder. He was two years older than me. But growing up we were always pretty much the same size. Now he was at least half a foot taller than me and I could tell he had filled out.
The weather had turned from bad to worse. Every few minutes a lightning bolt would streak across the sky. Outside the Humvee, I thought I could hear gun shots and explosions. But it might have just been the thunder. Everything was chaotic.
Despite all the distractions, Kim was able to keep us on the road. She was actually a very good driver. I guess she’d had training at the academy.
Kenji was constantly looking through the scope of his rifle out into the darkness. He would look out the window into the pitch black and then look through the scope. “Slow down,” he said.
“Yeah, I’ll slow down when you tell me what the hell is going on,” Kim replied.
Jack chimed in from the back. “Yeah. What exactly is the military doing here? Like, what’s your mission?”
Kenji’s eyes checked the rear view mirror and the side mirrors. “Can’t tell you that. It’s classified.”
“Classified?”
“I’m just a grunt anyway. They don’t tell us anything. I’m just here to do a job.”
“So what’s your job?”
“The quarantine. To keep you guys safe.”
“Could you be anymore vague?” Maria said.
“Trust me, the less you know the better.”
Kenji’s words weren’t very reassuring, but at that point we were more concerned with getting Officer Dennis to the emergency department so he didn’t bleed to death.
The sad thing was, Officer Dennis was beyond saving. And it wasn't because he had a sword sized piece of glass in his leg that was right next to his femoral artery. It was because in approximately twenty minutes or so, he was going to become a dead man anyway, or undead, or living dead or whatever the hell you call it. That’s why he didn’t feel any pain. It wasn’t the adrenalin. It was the virus. But at the time we didn’t know that. All we knew was if the shard of glass was to cut his femoral artery, then the poor guy would bleed to death in three minutes. So we kept on driving.
We arrived at the hospital a few minutes later. It was absolute pandemonium. There were thousands of people out the front trying to storm the entrance. It’s amazing what fear and panic will do to people. Kim was forced to slow down so she didn’t run anyone over. People started banging on the side of the Humvee.
“What the hell is going on?” Kim asked.
It looked like the military had set up a barricade, blocking anyone from entering the hospital. The angry mob was shaking the temporary fence; some people were even trying to climb it but stopped as soon as they realized there was razor wire at the top.
“Drive around the back,” Kenji suggested.
Kim beeped the horn and revved the engine, scaring people out of the way. We avoided the crowd and drove to the rear of the hospital. Kenji was able to smooth talk our way through several check points before we were eventually ordered out of the car at gun point by soldiers who appeared to be wearing space suits. They looked like they were out of a sci-fi movie. It was unsettling to wonder why they needed to wear such heavy duty gear.
We were then escorted by the soldiers to an isolated wing of the hospital. Officer Dennis had his leg inspected and was promptly put on a bed and wheeled away.
Maria, Jack, Kim and I were locked in a room together. Kenji was taken away for ‘debriefing’.
“What now?” Jack asked. “Can we go home?”
“I don’t really feel like arguing with strange men carrying machine guns,” Kim said.
She made an excellent point. The men in the suits made me anxious. Apart from the fact they were pointing guns at us, they looked like soulless, killer robots.
“Isn’t your mother a nurse?” Maria asked.
“She doesn’t work at this hospital,” I replied.
“Oh.”
“OK, as soon as they let us go I think we should go straight home,” Jack said.
Kim looked at her brother. “And do you still want to walk home?”
“So maybe walking home wasn’t the best idea. But I didn’t realize things were getting so out of control. Is it like this all over?”
“In certain areas it’s getting pretty crazy,” Kim said. “Most of the looting and riots are happening at the grocery stores and the pharmacies. I think people just want to stock up on supplies, prepare for the worst. Rebecca, maybe you should come home with us? I think it’s getting a little dangerous to be at home on your own.”
“I totally agree.”
Kim told everyone to remain calm. “Guys, just remember we’re at a hospital. This is the best place for us to be right now. If there is some sort of killer virus then we’re in the best place to get treatment. Just think of all those people outside. We’re pretty lucky when you think about it.”
I suppose we were lucky to be inside an actual hospital where we could get treatment or a vaccine or whatever.
A few minutes later the soldiers in the space suits were back. They dragged us down the corridor and into what could’ve been an operating room. We were then separated. I don’t know what happened to the others, but I was taken to a little room. The room was just like any doctor’s office. There was a desk and a bed. There was a poster on the wall explaining how to prevent type two diabetes.
A man in a space suit who could’ve been a killer robot pushed me into the room and sat me down. “Wait here,” he said.
“Hey, where did you take my friends?”
He didn’t answer me. When he left, two other soldiers and a doctor entered the room. They were all wearing space suits and the soldiers were carrying rifles, like the one Kenji had.
The doctor introduced himself to me. He said his name was Doctor Hunter. He had a soothing voice. It had a calming, almost hypnotic effect on me.
“Please, Rebecca,” he said. “Sit on the bed for me. I need to ask you some questions.”
 
Chapter 12

My first thought was how the hell did he know my name? My second thought was why was he wearing a space suit as well? I didn't ask, but I did exactly what he said and sat down on the bed. After all, if I was in some sort of trouble or if there was some sort of killer virus, I wanted his help. I didn't want to be like all those people trapped out the front of the hospital on the other side of the fence. We were lucky to have even made it inside and I felt privileged to be receiving medical attention when so many people were going without. I was still worried that he needed to wear the suit and that it was necessary to have two heavily armed soldiers in the room, but maybe it was just a precaution.
“Lie down for me.”
Again, I did as he said. No questions asked. But then he raised the rail guards on the sides of the bed and bound my hands and feet with Velcro straps. “Um, is this really necessary?” I asked as my pulse quickened.
“Just a precaution.”
“Precaution for what? Why do I need to be tied to the bed?”
“You're one of the lucky few. Do you realize that?”
“Lucky?”
“Yes. Very lucky.”
I assumed he meant because I was inside the hospital instead of being locked out. But what I didn’t know was that he meant not many people who come into contact with the Oz virus survive.
“Rebecca, I need to ask you some questions about what happened at the police station,” he said. “I need you to be completely honest with me. If you lie, I will find out.”
He said it as though it was a threat.
“I'm not a liar,” I said.
“Good. Now tell me what happened.”
I took a deep breath. I wasn’t really sure where to start. Did I need to tell him about the party and how we broke curfew?
“Anything you say will be held in strict confidence,” the Doctor assured me as he clicked on a Dictaphone.
For some reason I didn’t believe him. “Why do you have a Dictaphone?”
“Just for my personal records. Please, Rebecca, we don't have much time,” he said as he checked his watch.
He kept checking his watch every thirty seconds or so. When I think back to this moment, it’s like he knew what was coming. It's like he knew he needed to get the hell out of Sydney before it was too late.
I told him what had happened. I told him that we were arrested for breaking curfew and that we were kept in a holding cell over night with this weird guy. And how the weird guy went crazy and wrestled with Jack. And then how we were attacked by a couple of other psychos. I told him that Sergeant Pearce and Lieutenant Smith and this other soldier, who I didn’t even know the name of, had been killed.
“You shared a cell with a person who turned violent without warning?” Doctor Hunter asked seemingly ignoring the part about how two soldiers and a police officer had been killed.
“Yeah. He was completely wasted when they brought him in. He was passed out for the whole night. And then the next day when he woke up in the afternoon he went crazy and tried to bite Jack.”
“Strange, most cases take twenty to thirty minutes for infection to take over,” he mumbled to himself. “Fascinating. Maybe because he was intoxicated there was a delayed onset?” The doctor had the Dictaphone recording but he also scribbled notes furiously with an intense, laser like focus.
“Were you bitten at all?” he asked me.
“No.”
“Did you come into direct contact with any bodily fluids, like blood or saliva?”
I think back to all the blood Officer Dennis was covered in. I thought about the crazy lady and how she was frothing at the mouth, how Tommy was drooling blood and how Jack wrestled with him in the cell.
“No. Not me. But one of the police officers was covered in blood,” I explained. “Private Yoshida asked him whose blood he was covered in and he said it wasn’t his.”
“And what of young Jack? Was he scratched or bitten when he wrestled in the cell?”
“No. I don’t think so. I think he just pushed that guy off him and then he fell back and cracked his head against the wall. It was totally self defense by the way.”
Doctor Hunter stared directly at me, making me uncomfortable. It was like he didn’t believe me. Not about the self defense part but about the wrestling. I had omitted the closeness and the fierceness of the wrestle and I didn’t even know why.
He flared his nostrils. “I hope you’re being honest with me, Rebecca. This virus is not to be taken lightly.”
“I’m being completely honest.”
He wrote something down in his notebook, probably something along the lines of how he didn’t believe me. “This virus is unlike anything we’ve ever seen before,” he said. “It completely robs a person of their humanity, it takes away their soul.”
“Do you think the people at the police station were infected with the Oz Virus?” I asked.
“It’s possible. The very first thing that happens to a person upon exposure is they lose their basic motor skills and they lose sensitivity in their limbs. These early symptoms are fairly standard but then something else happens. You begin to lose the ability to perform even the most basic of cognitive processes. After a few minutes they lose the ability to process simple hypothetical questions. We think it might attack the frontal lobe of the brain. But we’re not sure. Five minutes after exposure, the virus has destroyed enough brain cells that you can test a suspected case by asking them a simple hypothetical question. If they can’t answer, if they don’t understand, then they are undoubtedly infected. Would you like an example of a question we use to test suspected cases?”
Did he think I was infected? “Why, are you going to test me? Do you think I’m infected?” I said.
He raised his hands as if to reassure me that everything was all right. “Of course not, Rebecca. It’s just a precaution.”
He kept saying everything was just a precaution.
“For example,” he said. “To gauge whether or not someone is infected, or even to get an idea of how far advanced the infection is, you could ask them a question like, what three things would you take to a deserted island? Or my personal favorite, are you a dog person or a cat person? Simple enough question, right? Most people would either choose one or the other. Some say that they can’t decide and that they’re a lover of all animals. A minority will say they don’t like either of them.
“But a person infected with the Oz virus will not give any of these answers. It’s almost as if they don’t understand the question at all. Some of them close their eyes to concentrate, exerting an unusual amount of effort to actually visualize the question. But after a few attempts they simply stop trying. After this you can ask them even more basic questions like their home address and their date of birth. If the virus has advanced to a certain point, they won’t be able to answer these questions. Some cases will give their old home address, displaying symptoms similar to concussion.”
“Sounds pretty full on,” I said.
“It is,” he replied. “Twenty minutes later the virus completely takes over causing the infected to become extremely violent.” He slid the Dictaphone closer to me. “So, Rebecca, what are you? Are you a dog person or a cat person?”
I opened my mouth to answer but then thought to myself what if it was a trick? What if infected people always say cat? Or that they didn’t like animals at all. But then I thought no, that would be stupid, why would he trick me? And then I thought, oh no, he’s going to take my hesitation as a sign of infection. So I started rambling, guessing that a whole bunch of ideas blurted out was better than none.
“Let me just start off by saying that it’s an excellent question. And really, I'm a lover of all animals. But if I had to choose, I mean if someone came up to me and pointed a gun at my head and forced me to choose, I'd have to say I'm a dog person. And let me explain. I think the reason I'm a dog person boils down to one main reason. And that reason is that cats have a real evil streak about them. If a cat catches a mouse to eat, it’ll play with the mouse before it actually kills it. A cat is at the top of the food chain, but that's not enough. They need to rub it in. It's sadistic. You don't ever see a dog doing that.”
The doctor raised an eyebrow. “I see.”
There was silence. He wrote down more notes.
“So, did I pass?” I asked.
“Of course you did.”
“So I’m not infected?”
“I was at a barbeque just the other week,” he said, ignoring my question. “It’s funny how we could afford a simple luxury like barbequing not so long ago. Anyway, this guy, one of the Woomera locals brought his pet along. It wasn't a dog or a cat or anything cute and friendly. It was a little baby snake. And it wasn't a non-venomous snake, like a python or something like that. It was a Taipan. An Australian inland Taipan. Do you know what that is?”
I shook my head
“It is without a doubt the most venomous snake on the planet. Forget the black mamba, forget the King Cobra. The inland Taipan or fierce snake as it's commonly known as, is the deadliest by far. Nothing else even comes close. One bite from this particular snake and you’re dead within a few minutes. Forget calling an ambulance, forget the anti-venom, there's just not enough time.”
I had no idea where he was going with this. I just wanted him to give me the all clear so I could go home.
“This virus is much the same,” he continued. “One bite and you’re dead. Forget the anti-virus, forget the cure. There’s no time.”
He seemed to be talking to himself at that point. I noticed his Dictaphone was still on. It was almost like he was making notes, recording his thoughts so he could publish them in a medical journal one day.
There was a knock at the door and the Doctor snapped out of his reverie. A soldier in a space suit wheeled in a bed. On the bed was Kenji. He was strapped to the rail guards like me.
The doctor collected his notes. “Thank you, Rebecca. You’ve been most helpful. Leave these two here for now,” he said to the soldiers. “At least until we interview the others.”
“Hurry, sir. We don’t have much time,” one of them replied.
The doctor turned his Dictaphone off and left.
Kenji’s bed was right next to mine. I sort of understood why they would strap me to a bed, but why would they do it to Kenji, to one of their own?
“How come they tied you to a bed?” I finally asked.
“I guess they figured I came into close contact with the virus,” he said. “It's just a precaution.”
“But we don’t even know if those psychos at the police station were infected.”
“They were showing all the symptoms. The violent behavior, the indifference to pain, the bleeding. We have to be real careful. This virus... it’s extremely volatile.”
“So I keep hearing. But I thought the virus was contained at the Woomera immigration center?”
Kenji shook his head. “The immigration center was a mess. In a matter of days it had spread through the population. I was basically on clean up duty and containment. But I knew this thing couldn’t be contained. It was already out of control by the time I got there. That’s why I deserted my post. That’s why I came for you, Rebecca. I needed to warn you.”
There was an awkward silence, which was weird because I used to be able to sit with Kenji in total silence for hours and hours and there was never anything awkward about it.
“Look, Rebecca,” he said. “I’m real sorry about when I left. I didn’t tell you because I wasn’t sure how to tell you.”
“A simple goodbye would’ve been just fine. Way better than not saying anything at all.”
“I know...” he said, his voice trailing off.
It was like he was thinking of the right way to say it without upsetting me further. Or maybe he was waiting for me to ask him why he didn’t tell me why he left. I don’t know. I didn’t want to play games so I kept my mouth shut. I was stubborn like that.
“My parents shipped me off to military school,” he said after a while. “I dropped out after a couple of weeks and joined the marines. I had some cousins of mine from San Fran forge a fake birth certificate that said I was eighteen. I didn’t even tell my parents right away. I know that doesn’t make it right not to have told you but I was scared, you know? And I didn’t want to get you into any trouble off my folks.
“So I joined the marines. And I don't know why, but I excelled. I became a sniper. I knew you were upset at your father for going back to the Middle East and I knew you’d be mad at me for leaving and then running off to join the marines. I know I should’ve told you. I know what I did was wrong. And I’m sorry. I really am sorry. I think about it every day. I should’ve told you.”
Kenji had opened up the flood gates and let everything pour out. It sounded like he had been keeping that speech bottled up for a while now. I couldn’t see from where I was lying down but it sounded like he was crying.
“During all the down time and the waiting,” he continued. “All I could think about was telling you that I’m sorry.”
I had hated him for so long and had been hurting for so long, now I didn’t know what to feel. I’d gone from red hot rage to feeling completely sympathetic and understanding in a matter of minutes. Basically he had melted my insides and now I was just mad at myself for not being mad at him. I mean, he left and he was a jerk for leaving, right?
I was so caught up with how hurt and how angry I was that I never once even thought about what he was going through or why he left in the first place. I guess that was me being selfish.
“I’m not mad,” I finally said. “I was mad at first. And I was mad for a long time. But I’m not anymore. At least I don’t think I am. Well, maybe I am. But when you left it was like you died. It was just so sudden. One minute you were there and we could hang out together and the next minute you weren’t there. You were completely gone. I couldn’t even call you or anything. It was horrible.”
It was a conversation that we needed to have. It had been brewing for the past two years, ever since he left. After we said what we needed to say we both laid there in silence, strapped to our hospital beds. Not really concerned about being tied up or what was going on around us. On the plus side, it was less awkward.
It almost felt like back when we were together. I remember when we used to stay up all night watching b-grade action movies like ‘Rocky Four’ and ‘Top Gun’. Every now and then he would let me watch a chick flick. ‘The Bodyguard’ was my favorite. And he liked it because it was based on an old Akira Kurosawa movie. I remember the times we used to camp out in the backyard together. One time, over summer, we camped out in his backyard for two weeks straight. The tent killed the patch of grass it was covering. His parents were so mad at us. But then again, they never really liked me in the first place, especially his dad.
“So what happened,” I asked. “Where did you go? What are you even doing here?”
He told me his story and I was completely shocked at what he had been doing for the past two years. He had served in Iraq and Afghanistan as a sniper and a scout. He wasn’t sure of his confirmed kills because in the Afghan Mountains it was nearly impossible to get close enough to the enemy to actually confirm it. But he thought it was maybe over a hundred. I asked him if that was a lot. And he said it was.
He was only redeployed to Australia last week. He knew through a letter from his parents that I’d moved here.
“I couldn't believe that I tracked you down and actually found you,” he said. “And when you answered your door, I nearly died of a heart attack.”
Now I was the one who felt like I should apologize. I was about to tell him I was sorry, that I never should’ve slammed the door in his face the other day. I wanted to ask him how bad the virus was and if he really thought it was out of control. But then Doctor Hunter returned.
“We need to move you to another room,” he said.
“What room? What for?” Kenji asked.
“We need to isolate you immediately. We’re moving you to the morgue.”
 
Chapter 13

“Why do you need to take us to the morgue?” Kenji asked. “What’s down there? What are you going to do?”
“That’s none of your concern, Private.”
Just because someone says one thing, doesn’t mean that one thing is true. For example, just because the doctor said that being taken to the morgue was none of our concern, didn’t mean that it was none of our concern. Because the truth was, being taken down to the morgue was a big, huge, massive concern.
I for one didn’t much feel like going to the morgue. It was a place for dead bodies to be stored. For dead bodies to be cut open, organs to be harvested, autopsies to be conducted.
The killer robots in space suits wheeled us out of the room and down the hall. There were people running around everywhere. Doctors were shouting at nurses. Nurses were complaining they were understaffed. Patients had been left on beds wherever there was room.
I suddenly thought of my mother. I hadn’t seen her in what felt like forever. She had been working so many night shifts and double shifts lately. I still didn’t know how I was going to tell her that I’d been arrested and about all the crazy stuff that was going on.
The soldiers wheeled us passed all the mayhem and into the elevator. Doctor Hunter leant over and pressed the button that read ‘morgue’. The elevator descended and I felt my stomach drop. When we arrived on the bottom floor, the elevator doors opened and we were taken down a long corridor.
Just then it hit me that we were completely helpless. They had sucked us in with the promise of medical help but were they really going to help us? Why did they need to take us to the morgue? Was it just another precaution? Luckily I was able to keep myself together. Normally I would’ve freaked out. I'd probably be screaming my head off like the scared little girl that I was. But since Kenji was there with me I was able to keep it together.
We must have gone at least a hundred meters before we arrived at a large set of doors. There were two soldiers wearing gas masks and space suits standing guard with their rifles at the ready. They opened the doors and we were wheeled into the morgue.
Inside there were a couple of steel autopsy tables with low hanging fluorescent lights positioned directly over each one. At the far end of the room was a large sliding door that must’ve been the fridge where they stored the bodies.
Positioned next to the autopsy tables were four other hospital beds. It was Maria, Jack, Kim and Officer Dennis. I was initially relieved to see them. I was starting to wonder where they had been taken. It was comforting to know we were all back together. But then my relief turned to fear. Not only were they tied up as well but they were all wearing flu masks and Kim had been gagged. And it looked like nothing had been done about Dennis’s leg. The shard of glass had been removed but the wound hadn’t been stitched up or cleaned. It wasn’t even bandaged.
“Is everything all right?” Kenji asked.
The doctor was in the process of placing a flu mask over our faces. “The flu masks are just a precaution.”
Thank God he didn’t gag me. I think I would’ve screamed.
After Doctor Hunter finished putting the flu masks over our faces, he left without saying a word. The soldiers followed him and locked the door.
Our beds were lined up in a row right next to the autopsy tables, in full view of all the surgical instruments they used for cutting open cadavers and the scales they use to weigh organs.
We talked nervously.
“So why has Kim been gagged?” I asked.
“She was being just a tad aggressive,” Jack answered.
“That’s an understatement,” Maria said.
Kim started mumbling, trying to explain herself but she gave up after she realized no one could understand her.
“Well, this totally sucks. Whose idea was it to come to the hospital?” Maria asked.
“Wasn’t my idea,” Jack said. “I wanted to go home, remember?”
“Hey, that man was in serious danger of bleeding to death,” Kenji said, defending his decision to come to the hospital. “You would’ve wanted us to do the exact same thing if it was you with the massive piece of glass in your thigh.”
“Not if I knew we were going to end up in the morgue,” Maria fired back.
“Speaking of Dennis,” I asked. “Is he all right? His leg doesn't look too good. Why haven’t they stitched him up yet?”
The wound was oozing dark blood. Officer Dennis seemed to have passed out or maybe he was sedated.
“Is he all right?” I asked again.
“I think they gave him some morphine,” Jack said. “He's just asleep.”
“Surely this is just a precaution, right?” Maria asked. “It looked pretty busy upstairs; maybe we’re just being isolated as a safety procedure?”
“That makes sense,” I said. “But why the morgue? This place gives me the creeps.”
I was just about to ask them if they had been interviewed by Doctor Hunter and if he had asked them all those weird questions about being a dog person or a cat person, when we heard a bump, followed by scratching noises. We all looked over at the large sliding door of the morgue fridge.
“What was that?” Maria asked.
There was another bump and we all strained our ears. I personally wanted to back away and get some distance between me and the fridge door but being tied down sort of made that impossible. I just then realized if we were attacked now, like we were at the police station, we would be completely screwed.
“OK, Kenji. These are your people. What's going on? Is this normal procedure?” I asked.
“Yeah, of course. It's standard practice when dealing with any sort of virus. It's going to be all right,” he said as though he was trying to convince himself more than us.
“Really?” Maria said. “Well, explain to me why it doesn’t feel like it’s going to be all right.”
“We're being isolated from the rest of the hospital as a precaution. As soon as they figure out we’re not infected they’ll let us go. Simple as that.”
I hoped he was right.
After a few more minutes of arguing we all suddenly stopped. We were really just going around in circles, arguing about the same things over and over. It was pointless. A couple of hours must have passed and we all fell asleep. I didn’t think I’d be able to sleep, especially in a morgue but everyone was exhausted. Jack, Maria and I had spent the night in a holding cell, Kim had been on duty for a week straight and Kenji had been on the run, probably sleeping on the streets.
I wasn’t sure of how long I’d been asleep but I remember I woke suddenly. It felt like I was falling in my dream. It was weird going to sleep in a morgue and then waking up. I felt like I'd cheated death. I heard another bump that came from the direction of the fridge and I tried to sit up but it was difficult since my arms and legs were still tied to the bed.
I heard more scratching which totally freaked me out. What the hell were they keeping down here? I tried to wake the others but they were sound asleep.
That’s when the Doctor returned.
 
Chapter 14

The door opened with a creak and everyone was immediately wide awake, eager to hear some good news about how this was all a precaution and we'd be allowed to go home as soon as possible.
Doctor Hunter returned with an older man and two other soldiers as escorts. They were all wearing space suits.
“Colonel,” said Doctor Hunter. “These are the six suspected cases. One of them is yours.”
When the Colonel saw Kenji he walked over to him. “Are you OK, soldier?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good to hear. Are they looking after you?”
“So far so good, sir.”
“Excellent. We shouldn’t be too long.”
So far so good? Was Kenji just saying that because he was afraid of his superiors?
“What do you recommend, Doctor?” the Colonel asked.
“From what we can gather it sounds like they all came in direct contact with the virus. It’s highly probable these people are also infected.”
“Why aren’t they showing symptoms?”
“We’re not sure. Maybe the virus is slowing down. Maybe it’s mutating and adapting again. Or maybe their bodies are actually fighting it. Whatever the case might be, we have to be sure. We need to do a full battery of tests. We have to study them. They may hold the key to a cure.”
The Colonel leant over Officer Dennis and inspected his wounded leg. “What do you suggest?”
“We need blood samples, tissue samples, bone marrow. We need everything.”
Jack spoke up. “Bone marrow? Isn’t that like, really painful?”
“Are you sure it’s completely necessary, Doctor?” the colonel asked on Jack’s behalf, seemingly with genuine concern.
“Absolutely. We need all the data we can get. We need to study their organs, their muscle fibers, their brains, the frontal lobe in particular, we need everything.”
The Colonel nodded his head. “OK. Do it.”
OK? Wait a minute. Just how did they expect to study our organs? Or our brains?
“Kenji?” I asked. “What’s going on?”
“Sir, is everything all right?” Kenji asked the Colonel.
“Private, we have reason to believe you have all been in close direct contact with a carrier of the Oz virus.”
“Well, yes, technically it is possible. But we were able to contain and neutralize any threat of infection.”
“Of course. I would expect nothing less. You’re an excellent soldier. A fine marksman, according to your file. But we can’t take any chances.”
“Sir, you must believe me.” Kenji was getting worried. I could hear it in the strain of his voice. He was also starting to struggle against the restraints. He wanted to get the hell out. And if he wanted to get the hell out...
“Private, you’ve been briefed on the virus. You know exactly what it does. You’ve experienced it first hand in the field. You’ve seen the devastating effects. You understand better than anyone that this has to be done.”
What has to be done? Were they still talking about blood and tissue samples? Judging by the look on Kenji’s face I sort of got the feeling they were talking about something much, much worse.
I looked over at the doctor, he was busy arranging a whole assortment of scalpels and knives and other sharp and shiny surgical instruments.
Suddenly there was another thump coming from the fridge. And another. It was much louder this time. Doctor Hunter stopped arranging his instruments.
One of the soldiers pointed his rifle in the direction of the fridge. “Is that what I think it is?”
“What is the temperature reading on the control panel of the fridge?” Doctor Hunter asked the closest soldier.
The soldier inched his way closer to the fridge and the thumping noise. “Four degrees Celsius.”
Doctor Hunter swore. “They’re supposed to be set to minus twenty. Freezing them is the only way to contain them.”
“You’ve got some of them stored down here?” Kenji asked. “Are you insane?”
The colonel backed away, closer to the entrance. “Lower the temperature immediately,” he ordered. “Check the locks. I don't want another containment failure. That’s the last thing we need in the middle of North Sydney.”
There was another loud thump and both the soldiers raised their rifles.
The Colonel was standing next to the entry door now. “Why wasn’t it set at the right temperature?”
“I have no idea, sir,” Doctor Hunter said.
The Colonel pointed at one of the soldiers. “Fix it,” he ordered. “Now.”
The soldier reluctantly lowered his rifle. “Yes, sir.”
“How long do you need to have everything ready?” the Colonel asked Doctor Hunter.
“I’ll need at least a few hours for removal of vital organs. Another hour or so to pack them securely.”
“Very well. I want these specimens ready for extraction by 0800 hours.”
“Yes, sir.”
“We’re ordering the evacuation of Northern Sydney. If you’re not ready, we’re leaving without you.”
The Colonel left in a hurry.
 
Chapter 15

I couldn’t believe it. They were talking about removing our vital organs, our brains and studying our bone marrow right in front of us, like we weren’t even there. We were cattle. Meat. We were a science experiment.
And what did he mean by evacuating North Sydney? How the hell did the military intend on evacuating so many people?
The thumping from the morgue fridge had stopped. One of the soldiers had moved over to a control panel next to the large sliding door. He was pressing buttons with a shaky hand, trying to lower the temperature of the fridge. The thumping then started up again, getting louder, stressing the soldier out even more. He was talking to himself, saying that it was OK, that he could do it, that there was no way they could break through the door.
I remember thinking, this can’t be happening. There’s no way that this whole crazy scene was real. I was in total disbelief. It’s like I was floating above my own body, watching everything unfold. I kept asking Kenji if they were serious because I just couldn’t believe what they had just said was real.
But Kenji was ignoring me. He was yelling at the doctor. “Sir! I’m not infected. None of us are infected! I’ve seen the virus in action. We’d be dead by now. You have to believe me. Cutting us open, harvesting our organs, it’s all a waste of time. It’ll all be for nothing.”
Doctor Hunter was preparing a shot of what could only be an anesthetic or something more deadly. “Soldier, it’s for the greater good,” he said in his calm and hypnotic voice. “You’ll be serving the military, and your country. You’ll be a hero.”
“Come on!” Kenji pleaded. “We're not infected. Isn't it obvious?”
My heart started to beat like a jackhammer. I was genuinely afraid now. Tied to a hospital bed in a morgue, I’ve never felt so helpless in all my life. I wanted to close my eyes and teleport out of there. But just like in the interrogation room, nothing happened. God, it would be so awesome if I could teleport.
I looked over at Jack who was quiet. Maria was repeating Jack’s name over and over. “Jack they’re not going to kill us are they? Jack? What’s going on?” But Jack was silent. There were no reassuring words to Maria because there was nothing to reassure her about. The truth was, it wasn’t going to be all right.
Doctor Hunter continued to prepare his instruments of death and Kenji continued to yell at him. The thumping from the fridge was also getting louder. I guess with so much going on, everyone sort of forgot about poor old Officer Dennis. Just then he began to twitch. The wound in his leg was oozing freely and his skin was a mottled and lifeless grey.
He had been asleep or passed out since I was wheeled in, so maybe that’s why everyone forgot about him. He coughed and then coughed again more violently. He started to convulse and spit up blood.
Maybe Kenji was wrong about us not being infected because just then it looked like Officer Dennis was about as infected as you could get.
Doctor Hunter stopped what he was doing and backed up against the wall. “Restrain that man!” he ordered one of the soldiers.
The soldier moved over to Dennis and tried to put weight on his heaving chest. Dennis snapped open his eyes. He leant forward and sank his teeth into the soldier’s arm. I’m not sure if his teeth punctured the space suit, but I heard a loud crack, as something, bone or ligament was crushed in Officer Dennis’s jaw.
The soldier screamed in pain and fell forward, on top of Officer Dennis. Dennis bit him again, this time biting right through the protective suit. The soldier screamed again and pushed himself free. He stumbled back, taking a few steps before he tripped and collapsed on top of me. He was holding his shoulder where Officer Dennis had taken a bite. He was grimacing in agony and something else; the realization that he was a dead man. The other soldier ran over to the door, closing it behind him.
“Come back here!” Doctor Hunter shouted.
But the soldier was long gone.
Two seconds later an alarm started blaring.
The doctor slumped down in the corner and started rambling to himself. “Oh no. This can’t be happening. Not again. Not here. Not now. We were so close!”
The soldier who had been bitten regained his balance. He checked his wound and lowered his head.
“You’re infected,” Kenji said. “We can help.”
“How?” the soldier asked.
“I can stop you from becoming one of those things.”
He slowly came to his senses.
I don’t know why but he untied me first. The expression on his face was blank, emotionless, like he was coming to grips with what was just about to happen. Or maybe the virus was already starting to take hold. He kept grimacing in pain. I asked him if he was all right but he didn’t answer me. I thanked him for untying me and told him to untie Kenji next, that he was the one who would be able to help him. But again he didn’t answer me. I don’t even think he was listening to me. Instead he dropped to his knees and handed me his rifle.
He made eye contact with me. “Do it,” he said. “Quickly.”
“What? No way! Kenji, you have to do this.”
I went to untie Kenji but the soldier grabbed my leg.
“Please,” he begged.
“You have to do it,” Kenji said. “It’s just like we practiced back home.”
“But that was years ago! And we were shooting paper targets and tin cans!”
We were shouting over the alarm and the thumping noise coming from the fridge. It was hard to think straight with all the noise. In the corner of the room, Doctor Hunter was still rambling to himself as he buried his face in his hands.
“Why wasn’t this man quarantined?” he started crying and whimpering. “Why wasn’t he isolated? None of the other suspects were showing symptoms, why would he?” His voice was no longer soothing. It had gone from calming and hypnotic, to downright frantic and fearful.
The soldier dug his nails into my leg and he started to drool. He was beginning to turn. So just like Kenji taught me all those years ago, I flicked the safety switch off and jammed the butt of the rifle into my shoulder. I raised the barrel and placed my right index finger on the trigger. I could hear Kenji's voice in my head, 'squeeze the trigger, don't pull’. I inhaled and breathed out slowly.
But I couldn’t do it. My finger was frozen. All I needed to do was squeeze the trigger and put this man out of his misery but I couldn’t.
The soldier was kneeling down with his head lowered. “Come on. Please. Just do it.”
“Rebecca, you have to shoot him!” Kenji yelled.
“I can't!”
“You can. You have to. There's no telling how long it takes for infection to spread. He could turn any second now. You have to shoot him.”
The soldier started to cough just like officer Dennis had done earlier. He was holding his shoulder and neck where he was bitten.
“Kenji, I'll untie you,” I said. “You can shoot him.”
“No! There's no time. Do it now!”
The soldier ripped his dog tags off his neck and a necklace with a cross on it. He then took a hand gun out from his side holster and put the barrel up to his head. He made eye contact with me again and pulled the trigger.
The noise of the gun scared the hell out of me and I jumped backwards and fell over. As long as I live, I will never forget those eyes. I see them sometimes, in the dark, or in my dreams.
Kenji was still yelling at me but I couldn’t really hear him. Maria, Jack and Kim, had been shocked into silence. I was breathing hard. I felt light headed again. There were voices in my head telling me to calm down.
“Rebecca, shoot Dennis!” Kenji yelled. “Shoot him before he breaks free!”
I snapped out of it. Dennis was struggling against the restraints. Growling at me, baring his teeth, the restraints were cutting into his forearms.
I aimed the gun at Officer Dennis. I distanced myself mentally so it didn’t really feel like I was the one killing him. I squeezed the trigger and shot him. I shot him square in the chest. But he kept fighting against the restraints, he kept snapping his jaw.
“What the hell?”
“You have to shoot him in the head!” Kenji shouted.
Dennis continued to fight against the restraints. His forearm began to tear and then suddenly his whole hand snapped off. He reached for me with a stump of an arm, oozing black blood everywhere.
I raised the barrel again, this time carefully aiming for his head. I took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. I squeezed the trigger and put Dennis out of his misery. He fell back and stopped moving.
 
Chapter 16

I’m not sure what happened next. I was in this weird catatonic state. I think I was numb from shock. I remember we untied the others and I remember Kenji wanted to kill the Doctor but I told him not too. Even though Doctor Hunter was just about to cut us all into tiny pieces, I had seen enough killing for one day.
One thing I do remember clearly was the doctor on his knees, begging for his life. Maybe that’s why I told Kenji not to shoot him. He just looked so pathetic. Kenji tied him to the sliding door of the fridge and we left him there. Maybe that was worse than shooting him. I don’t know. I’m not sure what became of him but I do know that the noises, the thumping and the scratching and the moaning coming from the other side of the fridge door were scaring the hell out of him. And I wouldn’t be surprised if whatever was on the other side eventually broke out. But those noises would’ve been enough to scare anyone. Even now when I think about it, I get goose bumps.
We moved outside the morgue and thankfully the alarm stopped.
“Are you sure we should just leave the doctor in there?” Kim whispered.
I was still in shock and Kenji was too busy trying to secure the doors to answer her. To my surprise it was Maria who voiced what everyone was thinking.
“He doesn’t deserve to be killed so easily,” Maria said. “And he's definitely not coming with us.”
It was disturbing to hear that coming from someone like Maria. But I guess it was understandable after what he was just about to do to us. And of course she was right; we couldn’t just bring him with us. Not a chance in hell.
Kenji tied the morgue door together with his belt just to make sure it was nice and secure. He then checked the stairwell that led to the upper floors of the hospital and gave the all clear. Now that we were free I wanted to run away, run as far as I could. I think we all did. But Kenji told us to wait, forced us to be cautious.
“We can’t just go running through the hospital,” he whispered. “We need to think this through.”
What he said made perfect sense but I still wanted to run. I guess we were still stunned from the prospect of being chopped up into a science experiment. Maybe being so scared clouded my ability to think logically. I must have been in more of a daze than I thought because for some reason I was still holding the soldier’s rifle. I handed the gun back to Kenji because I figured he should be the one handling the weapons. When he took the gun off me it was only then I realized how much my hands were shaking. Then it hit me. I had just shot and killed a person, another human being.
Kenji seemed to read my mind. “Feel better. He was infected. You were doing him and all of us a favor.”
Kim patted me on the shoulder. “Yeah, it’s OK. You did the right thing.”
Their words did not make me feel better. It sure didn't feel like I'd done the right thing. And since when did shooting people become the right thing?
“Hey, at least you’ve improved your aim.” Kenji said, in a small attempt to make me feel better.
I barely heard the joke over my pounding heart. I wanted to be sick. But instead of throwing up I said, “Point blank range was always my specialty.”
And for some weird, macabre reason, joking about it made me feel better. I guess staying alive was better than the alternative.
“OK, let’s focus here,” Jack said. “We need to make a plan. We need to get out of here. All in favor of going home raise your hand,” he said as he raised his hand. Maria shook her head at him and gave a look that said now was not the time for messing around.
“I agree,” Kim said as she turned towards Kenji. “But first, you need to give us some answers. You need to tell us what we’re dealing with here.” She was pointing her index finger right in his face. “And I don’t want any more lies or secrets.”
“Yeah, what the hell was that all about?” Jack said, backing up his sister. “We were nearly turned into mince meat.”
“This isn’t normal,” Kim continued. “And what happened to Dennis? What have they got locked up in the freezer down here?”
“Keep your voices down,” Kenji whispered.
“Just give us some answers,” Kim said, ignoring Kenji’s advice to lower her voice. “Or are you behind this as well? I’m beginning to think you’re in on the whole military quarantine thing.”
“Excuse me? You think I had something to do with what happened in there?”
“It wouldn’t surprise me.”
“Hey, I was about to be cut up as well.”
I had my hands clasped together trying to make them stop shaking. Kenji was right. He was just as screwed as we were. But he had to know something. He had to know more than he was letting on. I was sure of it. That’s why he deserted his post with the Marines. That's why he showed up at my house and tried to warn me. I really, really wished I hadn't slammed the door in his face.
“He’s right, you guys,” I said. “This isn't Kenji's fault. He was in as much trouble as we were.”
For some reason that shut them right up. It was like they already knew it wasn't his fault, but they needed someone to blame and he was the one wearing the uniform. They all hung their heads, or turned away completely. They were frustrated, angry. I personally was feeling violated. Being tied up in a morgue and about to have your organs harvested for scientific research is not an easy thing to deal with. Even now it’s hard to think about just how close we came to death and how helpless we were.
“But Kenji, you know something,” I said, determined not to let him off the hook so easy without an honest explanation of what he knew, of what he was hiding. “I know you know something. Why else would you desert your post? Why else would you try and warn me?”
Everyone looked at Kenji then, waiting for an answer, waiting for some small sliver of information so they could make sense of everything that had just happened, of this whole crazy messed up situation.
He took a deep breath, looking over his shoulder and up the stairs to make sure we were alone. “All I know is there was an outbreak at the immigration center.”
“We already know that!” Kim whispered through clenched teeth. “An outbreak of what? What are we dealing with here?”
“It's a virus. A super virus. The military was called into contain it.”
“Contain it?” Maria said. “Does it look like it’s contained?”
“Shhh!”
“Sorry.”
Jack raised his hand again like he was back in class and wanted to ask the teacher a question. “But didn’t we already know that? We already knew it was a virus. There’s gotta be something else going on. Why would they declare a national quarantine?”
“Because,” Kenji finally said. “This virus, it’s like nothing we’ve ever seen. It doesn’t just make people sick, it doesn’t just kill people. It changes them. It takes away their soul.”
Kenji was starting to scare us. If the virus didn’t kill people, what exactly did it do?
 
Chapter 17

“Oh come on,” Kim said in disbelief. “What are you talking about?”
“It changes people,” Kenji said. “They become extremely violent, dangerously violent, like a rabid animal. You saw what it did to those people at the police station and you saw what it did to Officer Dennis. A person infected with the Oz virus will attack other non-infected people to spread the virus. Just one bite, just one scratch is enough to pass on the infection.”
“So those people at the police station weren’t just high on drugs?” Kim asked.
“No. It was the virus.”
Kim pushed Kenji in the chest. “Why didn’t you tell us? We could’ve been infected! We could’ve been killed!”
“The less you knew the better. If they were to question you, if they found out that you knew what was really going on, they’d kill you on the spot. They wouldn’t even think twice.”
“Couldn’t be any worse than having your organs harvested,” I said.
“I know. I’m sorry. I just thought that you were safer not knowing. I didn’t realize how bad it was. I didn’t know the virus had already made it here. I knew it was dangerous but I had no idea how fast it was spreading through the population.”
“Hang on just one minute,” Jack said as he held his hand up yet again to ask another question. “Let me get this straight. Are you trying to tell us that the virus not only kills people but then turns them into rabid, violent animals?”
Kenji nodded. “They become aggressive, they don’t feel pain. It’s like the virus completely takes over.”
“You mean like a freakin zombie? Is this what this is? Is this the goddamn zombie apocalypse?”
“I don’t know what it is exactly. I don’t think anyone does. But if this thing gets out of control it’ll be bad. I don't even want to think about how bad it could get.”
“Yeah,” Jack said. “Because you’ll have zombies eating people and then turning those people into zombies and so on and so on.”
I thought about what Jack said. It sounded ridiculous but it also sounded terrifying. A normal virus was spread passively through germs, but what if the host body was actively and violently trying to spread the infection. How many infected people could the military contain before they become overwhelmed?
“Is there a cure?” I asked. “Is there any treatment?”
“Not that I know of. The only way to stop the infection is to kill the host.”
“You mean, kill the infected person?”
“Yes. A head shot is the only way.”
“But you can’t just kill everyone who gets sick!” Kim said. “What if I were to get infected right now? Would you kill me?”
“We’d have no choice. Sometimes the virus acts instantly, sometimes it takes longer. But one thing they drilled into us before we came here was that once you become infected, you will change. There is no stopping it.”
“And so the military is supposed to be containing this thing?” Maria asked hopefully. “That’s why you’re here, right? To fix everything?”
“That’s why they sent us. I’m not sure who is in charge, or who’s responsible, but it was obvious to me that they had completely lost control. The quarantine is all part of a massive cover up. Keeping people out and shutting down communication networks is all designed to stop the flow of information. I mean, when we got to Woomera, it wasn’t just the people in the immigration center that were infected. There were hundreds of cases reported in the township.”
“You sound like the crazy lady we shared a cell with,” Jack said. “What did they tell you, Kim? You’re a cop, surely they told you something.”
“Yeah. They did. You know what they told us? Follow the military. Full cooperation. No questions asked. A lot of good that is doing.”
Arguing was getting us nowhere. And getting nowhere was not a good thing. Especially since the thumping coming from the morgue fridge was in no way subsiding. It was actually getting louder. We could hear Doctor Hunter still begging for his life. The man had completely lost it. The fridge doors looked pretty solid, but it wouldn’t surprise me if those things broke the locks or the hinges of the door any second now.
“So why did you run?” I asked Kenji.
Kenji sat down on the stairs and doubled over, like the implications of what had just transpired in the morgue had kicked him in the guts, like the seriousness of what was happening all around had just kicked him in the guts. “I ran because I was scared,” he said. “I was stationed outside the Woomera immigration center. My orders were to shoot anyone or anything that broke out of the containment area. My orders were shoot to kill.
“It made me feel sick,” he continued. “I couldn’t do it at first. But then I saw what had become of the people who were infected. They weren’t human anymore. They were monsters. After a couple of days, more and more cases were reported. It started to get out of hand.”
He lowered his head and ran his hands through his hair. “Once the virus broke the quarantine, they ordered a nuclear strike. And that’s when I got the hell out of there.”
“A nuclear strike?” Kim said, her mouth wide open. “Why would they do that?”
“The overall objective is containment. By any means necessary.”
“How can they nuke a whole town and get away with it?”
“The nationwide quarantine,” Kenji answered. “Like I said, it was not only designed to keep the virus contained, but it was also designed to stop the flow of information to the outside world. They shut down the phone networks, internet, everything. At the moment, Australia is completely isolated from the rest of the world.”
“So the military is behind all of this?”
“No. We were on containment duty only. There’s someone else in charge.”
My mind was racing. If the virus was to get out of control here, in Sydney, would they nuke it as well? I suddenly felt very uncomfortable; I suddenly wanted to get as far away from the city as possible.
“Wait a minute,” Kim asked. “Why are there no guards or soldiers down here? There were two men outside this door when we were wheeled in. And there were more of them, further along this corridor. Where have they all gone?”
Kim was right. I remembered the two soldiers standing guard. Where had everyone gone? Maybe they had all bolted when they heard the alarm. Maybe we should do the same thing.
“Look, we can talk about this later,” I said. “And scare each other with doomsday theories and zombie stories, but right now we need to figure out what to do. I don’t really want to stay here with those things in the morgue.”
The thumping was getting louder and now Doctor Hunter’s cries for help were making everyone uneasy. Maybe we should put him out of his misery after all, I thought.
Maria began walking up the stairs. “I know what I'm doing. I'm going home, locking the gates, setting the security alarm and hiding underneath my bed with Share Bear.”
Kenji seemed to regain his composure. “Slow down. First things first. We need to get out of this building. If we can do that, without getting caught, then we can figure out what to do. The Colonel said something about evacuating North Sydney, which might mean the military is falling back to a designated safe zone. If that’s the case, then we should head there. They’ll have security, shelter, food and water. That’s our best option.”
“And what if that’s not the case?” Maria asked.
“Then we’re on our own,” he said as he checked the ammo magazine of the rifle.
“Wait a minute,” Kim said. “You’re suggesting we willingly go back to the military after what they just tried to do? Are you out of your mind?”
“They only did that because they thought we had come into close contact with the virus. It was for the greater good, I guess. They were trying to contain it. It was just protocol. It wasn’t personal.”
Kenji sounded like someone who was actively trying to fight the effects of being brainwashed. It must be hard for him. He had been drilled into obedience, ordered to follow his superiors. And then all of a sudden his masters had turned on him, chained him up and tried to kill him. What he said about protocol made sense. But hearing people talk casually about how they are going to cut you into pieces and harvest your organs, well yeah, that’s personal.
“When someone tells you they’re going to cut out your brain, that’s not protocol, it’s just messed up,” Kim said, echoing my thoughts.
“Yeah, are you sure we should be going back to the military,” Jack added. “Won’t they have a record of who we are?”
“I don’t think so,” Kenji said. “All of the doctor’s notes were either hand written or recorded on his Dictaphone. They won’t have a record of us. They don’t even have the resources to look for us at the moment. You’ll blend into the crowd. Trust me. This is our best option. It’s really our only option. They’ll have a secure compound set up with food and water.”
The prospect of food sounded pretty good. It was only then when he mentioned it did I realize I hadn’t eaten all day. Not since the party at Maria’s house. And that was only junk food, nothing nutritious. He was also right about the shelter. The military were really the only organization that could offer protection and look after everyone who was being evacuated.
Jack still wasn't convinced. “But won't they just tie us up again and make a science experiment out of us because we've come into close contact with the virus? Won't they just follow 'protocol'?”
“We have no choice. If the military really are falling back to a safe zone, they'll be offering protection to everyone. We'll be safe. It's not like they can harvest everyone’s organs.”
I let out a nervous laugh and we all gave each other worried looks.
“If that's not the case,” Kenji continued. “Then we're on our own. We'll have to fend for ourselves. Maria's house might be the best option. But we have to make a move. We can't stay down here forever.”
So just like at the police station we followed Kenji. We really had no choice. And again, he didn’t actually say, ‘come with me if you want to live’, but again; we all sort of knew that if we wanted to live we better go with him.
 
Chapter 18

We followed Kenji up the stairs. The hospital was deserted. There were no nurses, no doctors, no soldiers, no killer robots wearing space suits. There were abandoned hospital beds left in the rooms and walkways; the nurse’s station was empty.
Kim kept saying how lucky we were. How we didn't run into any resistance or any soldiers or anything else.
“Everyone must have bugged out,” Kenji said.
“That's good for us, right?” Maria asked.
“Yes and no.”
We came out the main entrance of the hospital. It was early morning and the sky was grey. The crowd that was protesting the night before had completely cleared out. The ground was covered in rubbish, broken glass, and even some splatters of blood. The temporary fence that the military had erected was pushed over. The razor wire was tangled up on the ground. I wondered where such a huge crowd of people could’ve disappeared to.
“Should we check around the back where we dropped off the Humvee?” Kim asked.
I didn’t really want to walk or run all the way around to the rear to see if the Humvee might still be there. I didn’t really want to spend a minute longer here at this hospital of death than was necessary.
“No, they would've taken it with them,” Kenji said.
In the emergency drop off zone we found another military Humvee that had been tipped over on its roof. Kenji got down on all fours and crawled inside the cabin. He emerged with an extra ammo clip and a walkie talkie.
“Where did everyone go?” I asked
“Yeah,” Jack said. “Where are the guards? Where did all the soldiers go? Where are all the people?”
“Quiet,” Kenji said as he turned on the walkie talkie and tuned it to a specific frequency.
We all gathered around, huddled together and listened. Kenji was fiddling with the knobs but all we could hear was static. In the distance we could hear helicopters, jets, and even gunshots. It sounded like a war was being waged not too far away.
Kenji finally found some voices. He zeroed in, clearing up the reception. All I could make out were a whole bunch of code words that sounded like gibberish. Thankfully, Kenji was able to translate.
“All military personnel fall back to green zone,” he said. “All other areas considered dangerous. Hostiles have been located north of Sydney and moving south along main roadways. Containment protocol initiated.”
Kenji switched off the radio and looked to the sky. “We need to get out of here.”
“What do you mean?” I asked
“You mean like, before the angry mob of people come back?” Jack said. “Or before the military realizes what just happened down there in the morgue?”
“I mean, we need to get out of North Sydney. We need to get as far south as possible, at least over the bridge.”
“I am not walking all that way,” Maria said. “I'm going home. My house is only ten minutes away.”
“No. That’s not an option right now.”
“Why not? It’s secure. It has a gate.”
“Napalm,” Kenji said. “They’re going to use napalm.”
 
Chapter 19

“Napalm?” Kim asked. “As in the explosive?”
“Yeah,” Kenji answered. “We have to go.”
“Hold up,” Jack said. “Are you saying they're about to bomb North Sydney?”
“If they can't contain the spread of infection, they will. If that doesn’t work, they’ll use nuclear weapons.”
Kenji started pushing us then, urging us forward. “Come on, we have to go. Let’s move it.”
There was something in his voice that made us all do as he said. Even Maria sensed he was being deadly serious and stopped protesting.
“What’s the fastest way to the bridge?" Kenji asked.
“Down this road,” Kim answered. “It should lead all the way there.”
We walked in silence for a few minutes before we all started to jog. Kim was leading the way. Kenji was bringing up the rear. I couldn’t believe they were going to bomb North Sydney. How bad could the infection be?
It didn’t take us long to get to the Pacific Highway. That’s where we found all the people. It was an endless river of cars and pedestrians heading south, across the bridge.
Sydney’s roads have never been the best. They practically choke to a standstill at peak hour. But at that point, peak hour didn’t even compare. My mother was pretty excited when we first moved out here. “No more traffic jams,” she'd say. But it turned out the traffic was just as bad.
There were cars backed up bumper to bumper as far as the eye could see, all of them heading into the city, heading for the bridge and the safe zone. The scary thing was, all of the lanes were backed up, even the lanes heading the other way.
People walked past the jammed up cars, while angry drivers were honking their horns and leaning out their windows yelling abuse. I don’t know what good that was doing them. Some of the smarter drivers had completely abandoned their cars.
We had no option but to join the mass of people. There was no fighting it. You just had to go with the flow. People carried bags of canned food, suitcases and backpacks. A few people carried photo albums and laptops and pets. I guess they were really preparing for the worst.
We squeezed into the crush of people and were carried along at the pace of the crowd. Jack had his arm around Maria. Kenji walked just behind us with his rifle pointed at the ground. A few people were coming up to Kenji, asking him questions and expecting him to know all the answers.
Kenji gave them all a standard response. He told them to remain calm and proceed down this road in a timely fashion. He told them everything will be all right and that everyone will be taken care of. “You’ll be allowed back to your homes as soon as possible,” Kenji said.
“Are the rumors true,” one guy asked. “Is the infection coming this way?”
Kenji hesitated, thinking of the right thing to say. Telling the truth about the virus and the napalm would cause a mass panic, a stampede that would most definitely injure and possibly kill people. So he lied.
“This is just a precaution,” Kenji said.
We were walking next to a guy wearing a Lycra cycling suit, and those special shoes that clip in to the bike pedals. He was walking funny because of them. His skin tight suit was slightly ripped and he had a huge graze down one of his legs. Despite his injuries he was still keeping pace with the flow of the crowd.
Kim moved over next to him. Everyone seemed to be giving Kim and Kenji a little bit of extra room. I guess wearing a uniform had some advantages.
“Excuse me, sir, do you mind telling me what happened to you?” Kim asked.
“Nothing serious,” the guy said. “Just a scratch really. I was out for a ride. I usually go as far as Gosford on the central coast. Up and back it’s about one-fifty. It’s a good distance. But today I didn’t get very far. I noticed the traffic was heavy and then I saw why. I turned around as soon as I saw the first accident. Apparently there were other ones further up the freeway. The one I saw was a huge pile up cutting off both lanes. It doesn’t take much to get the traffic backed up on the F3. But this was massive. I knew something was wrong as soon as I saw other cars driving around the crash, forcing their way through. There was only one way around. Cars were scraping the concrete barrier but the drivers didn't seem to care about that.”
“What happened to your bike?” Kim asked.
“I got knocked off my bike awhile back. I couldn’t ride it anyway. Too crowded. A few people have told me what they’ve heard. Most people have been saying there's been a major outbreak up the coast or something like that. Apparently the whole of North Sydney is being evacuated. It’s all a bit Chinese whispers. What did you guys hear?”
“A major outbreak?”
“Yeah. Apparently people are getting sick all over. They’re evacuating people to certain designated safe points so they can test everyone for infection and give everyone their immunization shots. This was the closest safe point for me.”
Somehow I didn't quite buy that. “Everyone?” I asked. “But there’s got to be millions of people that need to be immunized. How are they going to process everyone?”
“I have no idea how they're going to do it but that’s what they've been reporting on the news and the radio. Where have you guys been?”
Kenji seemed to catch on then. A light bulb came on inside his head. He knew what was going on. “The toll booths. The checkpoints. They'll double as testing facilities,” he said.
“What do you mean?” I asked. “Like a blood test? Or a swab of saliva? Won’t that take forever?”
“No. Not a blood test. A core body temperature test.”
“This whole thing sounds like a logistical nightmare,” Kim said. “How are they going to test and immunize everyone? And isn't having everyone together like this bad for preventing the spread of a virus? I thought that’s why they implemented the curfew and the quarantine?”
Something didn't feel right. Why did I feel like a lamb to the slaughter? Everyone was blindly following everyone else. And for what? Did we even know what was waiting for us at the end of the road? Were the military really organizing everyone so they could protect us? Or were they herding us all together for a much different, much more sinister reason?
I wanted to turn and run but going against the flow of the crowd was impossible, and after a few minutes we approached the Sydney Harbor Bridge. The massive steel grey arch loomed high above the road, acting like a beacon for the masses. It felt like if we could just get to the other side of it, everything would be all right. To the left of the bridge was the Sydney Opera House, two world famous icons in one breathtaking view. And even though we could still hear sporadic gunshots and explosions far off in the distance, the view of the bridge and the harbor and the Opera House had this weird, calming effect on the crowd. Some people around us were actually joking around about how scared they were of needles and flu shots.
We were getting closer now. We had the option of going over the bridge or going underground, through the tunnel. Maria made it very clear that she did not want to go through the tunnel and I totally agreed with her. I already felt claustrophobic enough around all these people. I didn't need to be crammed into a confined space to make matters worse. Some people didn't have the luxury of choice. The sheer numbers of the crowd forced everyone on the far right side of the road into the tunnel. I count my blessings every day that I was not one of those people.
A minute later, we passed under the giant concrete pylon of the northern end of the bridge. Just like Kenji had predicted, the Military had converted the toll booths into checkpoints. The checkpoints were like the metal detectors at airports. A light turned green as people walked through the detectors.
I asked Kenji what the lights meant.
“Green light means normal body temperature,” he said.
“What’s normal?”
“I’m not sure. But a red light will flash if a person’s temperature is too low.”
“Too low? I thought a virus caused a fever?”
“Low temperature is bad,” Kenji explained. “I’m not sure why. They did the same thing at Woomera.”
We came to the checkpoints and walked through one by one. I held my breath. Luckily the light flashed green. Apparently we all had normal body temperatures. But the next people to walk through did not. The light flashed red. It was a lady and her child. She was taken away at gun point by the soldiers wearing the space suits, the same suits the soldiers were wearing at the hospital.
The lady began to scream, her child was crying. She pleaded with the soldiers to let her through. She was begging to at least let her child through. But the soldiers remained steadfast which only reinforced the image in my mind that they were heartless, soulless killer robots. The crowd around the checkpoint stopped, silenced.
It was then we could hear more screaming further off in the distance. It sounded like it was coming from back down the road, maybe a few miles away. It was out of sight but it was enough to put the crowd on edge, and when a crowd of that size gets on edge you can feel it, like a ripple of electricity passing from person to person. We could then hear mass gunfire. Not just the sporadic single round bursts we had been hearing all morning. It sounded like a full unleashing of ammunition.
The crowd as a collective whole began to freak out. Hundreds of thousands of people asking the person next to them, what was that? What's going on? It was like a hive mind that had lost its mind. It was pure fear.
Kenji’s radio crackled to life. There was another bunch of code words that didn’t make sense to us.
Then we heard one voice full of panic. He didn't even use code words. “They're coming this way!” the voice yelled. “There's too many!”
There were more code words that only Kenji understood. He looked to the sky again like he had earlier. From somewhere far off in the distance we could just make out the roar of jet engines.
“We have to get off the bridge,” Kenji said.
 
Chapter 20

Now we knew why the military was trying to evacuate North Sydney. I knew why Doctor Hunter had such a worried look on his face, why he kept checking his watch every thirty seconds.
According to the voice on the other end of Kenji’s radio, there was an entire horde coming this way. An endless stream of people who were infected with the Oz virus. The horde stretched as far as the road stretched, as far as they could see. I couldn't even comprehend what I was hearing. I tried to imagine all those infected people, each as violent and aggressive as the next, biting and eating their way through everyone crammed on to the highway. But I couldn’t. The thought was too gruesome.
“What was that order?” Kim asked.
“They’re going to blow up the bridge," Kenji said in disbelief.
“What?” Maria shrieked. “While we’re still on it?”
“Are they going to use nukes?” Kim asked.
“I don’t know,” Kenji said as he looked around for a way off the bridge.
The crowd started shouting and the gunfire in the distance intensified. We could see the jets now. They flew in low and fast. They were so low you could see each individual missile on the underside of their wings and see every little scuff mark. The noise of their engines made you feel like the world was coming to an end.
Seemingly from nowhere, a whole swarm of helicopters descended and hovered over the bridge, dropping rope ladders to extract the soldiers. A few people tried to climb up but they were quickly beaten back. The soldiers left the majority of their equipment behind. They took with them only what they could carry.
Once the helicopters cleared out, we could see the jets way off on the horizon begin to slowly turn back around.
“Run!” Kenji shouted over all the noise. “Go! Run as fast as you can.”
We started running, as did everyone else. No one really knew where they were running to. We could only move in one direction. We could worry about what was on the other side when we got there. The only thing we knew for certain was that we needed to get off the bridge. It was a no man's land. At that moment we were completely stranded above water and completely vulnerable.
We got about half way when we heard the first explosion. It wasn’t as loud as I thought it would be. The bridge shook and groaned. Everyone ducked instinctively. But nothing seemed to happen. The collective panic that had gripped everyone disappeared momentarily and was replaced by confusion. The screaming and shouting was reduced to a murmur.
On Kenji’s radio we could hear loud and clear the result of what had just happened. “Positive ignition for southern end of tunnel. Repeat, positive ignition.”
This voice was different to the other one. It was calm, almost emotionless.
Kenji yelled at us to keep running. So we did. People all around us started to catch on. The panic returned and so did the screams.
“They've blown the southern entrance to the tunnel!” Kenji shouted.
I couldn’t believe they actually did it. How many people had just been killed? How long before they blew the bridge?
We didn’t have to wait long. About ten seconds later a huge explosion erupted at the northern end, right where we were standing not even five minutes ago. Everyone on the bridge was knocked off their feet. The whole bridge started to sway and the massive steel support structures began to buck and warp out of shape.
The road eventually broke away from the northern pylon and crashed into the water. As the road fell away we started to slide downwards, to a certain death. I'm not sure how far it was, but it felt like we were falling forever. I'm not even sure how we survived the initial impact but the next thing I knew, we were in the water with thousands of other people.
I came up for air. Jack and Maria were right next to me. They were good swimmers, both of them. Jack was probably one of the best swimmers at school. He grabbed me because he knew I was terrible. Sure I was getting better with all those surfing lessons but I was still an amateur compared to those two. And right now was no time for doggy paddle.
Some people were being crushed by falling debris and falling people. Others were unconscious by the time they hit the water. But the thing that scared me the most was not the falling bits of concrete and steel, it was the people who were dragging others down underneath the water, drowning them without realizing what they were doing. They weren’t doing it on purpose. They were just trying to survive. They were just afraid. So I was thankful that Jack had grabbed me. If he hadn’t, I probably would’ve been one of those people, dragging someone else down with me.
We managed to swim a few meters away from where we hit the water. Any second now they would blow the remaining charges on the bridge and the whole thing would come crashing down on top of us. I wiped some water out of my eyes and looked up. The parts of the bridge that had survived the initial explosion were straining and twisting under the enormous stress. The noise of breaking steel was terrifying. It reminded me of Godzilla’s roar; metallic and blood curdling. Somehow the road was still attached to the southern pylon. And amazingly, there were a lot of people still actually on the bridge, holding on for dear life.
Everyone else had fallen into the water with us. There must have been thousands of people. We looked around for Kim and Kenji. They weren't too far away. Kenji was telling us to go, to swim as fast as we could. So we did. We swam hard. It was simple really; we needed to get as far out of the way as possible, because when the bridge came down, it would kill everyone underneath.
I saw Maria swimming out in front of Jack and me. She had already caught up to Kim and Kenji. Jack was pulling me along. There were people all around us. Splashing their arms wildly, pumping their legs as fast as they could. Jack got kicked in the face a couple of times.
Above us, the bridge continued to slowly break apart, but it seemed to be holding for the moment with the southern end still intact. We were able to put some distance between us and the rest of the crowd. Suddenly there was another explosion. Metal screamed and shrieked in pain as the iconic bridge buckled and finally collapsed into the harbor, crushing anyone trapped beneath it.
I looked back and saw a huge wave of white wash bearing down on us.
Jack grabbed my hand. “Duck dive!” he shouted. “Just like I taught you, remember?”
I nodded my head as I remembered the very first time he tried to teach me how to surf. Lesson number one; diving under a wave to avoid getting killed. I think I swallowed my weight in sea water that day.
He gripped my hand tighter as I took a huge gulp of air. “Wait for it! OK, now!”
We dove together, the white water crashing all around us, pushing us around like we were in a giant washing machine.
We resurfaced and I took another deep breath. The water was still churning as the road and the massive steel supports sunk to the bottom of the harbor. There was now a huge expanse where the famous bridge used to be.
 
Chapter 21

Aircraft continued to roar overhead. I could see three of them flying in perfect formation. They were coming around for another pass at the bridge, or whatever remained of it. They flew low and fast, skimming the water. They were coming right for us. Jack took me under the water again, a split second later they flew directly over us. Even under water the noise was deafening. When we surfaced, the jets were looping high into the sky. They came around and straightened up firing missiles directly at the remains of the giant concrete pylons and the toll booths, making sure no one survived the initial explosions.
They looped again like they were in the midst of a choreographed routine. It was both terrifying and weirdly graceful in the same instant. This time when they straightened up, they pointed their noses towards the highway we had just walked down, the highway that was currently choked up with scared and confused people. They flew low and fast directly over the road. They flew in tight formation. It was a display of expert and deadly precision. When their bombs hit the ground, a wall of flame erupted the full length of the highway.
I’ll never forget the sight and the noise of all that destruction. The twisted metal. The roaring flames.
Kenji was still yelling at us to swim. He told us to head towards land. But we needed to avoid the crowds. We also needed to avoid the areas closest to the roads, the bridge and the tunnel.
We didn’t have many options. I could barely see through all the splashing of arms and feet. It was a miracle this many people had survived the initial explosion and the collapse of the bridge.
Everyone was panicking and frantic, exactly the opposite of how you’re supposed to act when you’re in the water. I remember Jack telling me once if I ever got caught in a riptide or undertow, do not panic. Just relax and let the rip take you. And even though this situation was a little different to being caught in a rip, panicking was still not a good idea.
We swam for a few minutes and the crowd began to thin out as people became more and more tired. It was then the helicopters came. I think some people initially thought they had come to help. They were even waving their arms, hoping to get picked up, hoping to get rescued. The helicopters hovered in closer over the crowd. I remember thinking they didn't look like rescue choppers. They were too small. They had too many weapons. Unfortunately I was right.
I heard Kenji yell something. I think he told us to dive.
Jack told me to take a deep breath, so I inhaled as much air as my lungs could take. All the diving was wearing me out. The lack of oxygen was making it hard to think straight, hard to move. Everything was happening so fast, the speed and precision with which the military moved was unbelievable. It also meant that all this was pre-meditated.
We dived again. Just before we went under, the helicopters unleashed their guns. They were mean looking guns with multiple rotating barrels. The bullets chopped up the water and chopped up anyone caught in the line of fire, adding to the frenzy and panic, adding blood to the water. The death toll continued to rise. It was a massacre. There’s just no other way to describe it. And there was no way we could out swim these helicopters and their weapons. It didn’t matter how good a swimmer Jack was or how many big waves he had surfed. This was too much.
We hadn’t even come up for a breath. Jack was still diving, dragging me down with him; bullets were trailing through the water all around us. My lungs were on fire. I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold my breath. I felt like I was going to black out. Suddenly the bullet trails changed direction, like they were being pushed. That’s when the shockwave from the secondary charge from the tunnel hit us.
It hit us like a freight train and we were pushed and thrown around like rag dolls. It wasn’t like a washing machine this time, it was much more violent. Jack held on to me in a bear hug as tight as he could. If he hadn’t, we would have been separated for sure and who knows where I would’ve ended up. I probably would’ve drowned. We were pushed a long way underwater. It must have been like surfing a big wave and getting wiped out, and then getting wiped out by the rest of the big waves in the set, one after the other, constantly being tossed around like a cork.
When I finally surfaced and took massive, gulping, gasping breaths, I braced myself to be torn to pieces by the machine guns. But surprisingly we were a good distance away from the helicopters. We had been taken further than I thought by the underwater current created by the explosion. Suddenly, we didn’t need to out swim the search and destroy helicopters.
Jack asked me if I was all right as he looked around for the others. He spotted Kim about fifty meters away. “Kim! Over here!” he yelled as she immediately started swimming towards us.
Over our shoulders, further away from the bridge, were Kenji and Maria
“Jack!” Maria shouted, waving her arms.
“This way,” Kenji said. “We need to hide from those choppers.”
We waited for Kim to catch up with us, which didn't take long. She was swimming like an Olympic champion. I guess the fear of being shot or blown to bits will tend to do that.
We swam over to Kenji and Maria. I was in total disbelief we had all survived. The Sydney Harbor Bridge had just been demolished as well as the tunnel. I mean, everything had just been completely destroyed. So many people had just been murdered. It was too much to think about, especially since we weren’t even out of danger yet.
We were treading water, looking around, trying to catch our breaths. Waiting. Watching. Making sure those damn helicopters of death weren’t coming after us.
I think in some ways it hit Kenji the hardest. I think he felt responsible. He just witnessed the military massacre hundreds of thousands of people and if he hadn’t run away when he did, then maybe he would’ve been part of it. I tried to reassure him. “You said it yourself. Someone else is in charge.”
“I know. I just can't believe the order was given.”
“We’ll make them pay,” I said. “I don't know how, but we'll find whoever's responsible and we'll make them pay.”
I think I was delirious from lack of oxygen or from too much sea water. We could’ve been shot to pieces at any moment, and yet there I was, making vendettas.
“Come on,” Jack said. “If we swim around to Darling Harbor it should be a bit more sheltered.”
“Yeah, good idea,” Kim agreed. “It might give us a chance to get out of the water undetected.”
“We should stay close to the harbor wall so those Apaches can’t see us so easily,” Kenji said.
“What the hell is an Apache?” Maria asked.
“Those helicopters. The ones killing all the people. Hopefully they'll be too busy with everyone else to come looking for us.”
It was a gruesome thought but we were all thinking it. Well, at least I was. I wanted those choppers and their machine guns as far away from us as possible.
“So this is all part of the containment protocol?” Kim asked as she looked at the ruins of the Sydney Harbor Bridge.
“I don't know,” Kenji answered. “I never thought it would come to this.”
We slowly started swimming for Darling Harbor and in my exhausted state of mind I thought to myself that postcards of Sydney will never be the same.
 
Chapter 22

We needed to get out of the water or else we wouldn't survive long. We were sitting ducks. Well, maybe not the others, but I felt useless, like a bit of driftwood floating around. I was struggling just to keep my head above water. I now know why humans as a race are scared of sharks. Not only are sharks perfect killing machines, but when you're in the water, you're helpless, completely out of your element. You can’t just run away and you certainly can't hide.
Jack said that our best chance of survival would be Darling Harbor. We could swim to one of the jetty’s there and hide on one of the boats. The only problem; it was about a two mile swim.
I told Jack I was fine to swim on my own now it was less chaotic. The choppers were still buzzing around but they were concentrating their firepower over near the ruins of the bridge where the majority of the survivors were. Every now and then the roar of jet engines would tear through the sky, but fortunately they weren’t concerned with us either.
Jack reluctantly let go of me and I almost sunk right under. It was amazing just how much he was actually lifting and pulling me through the water. He had without a doubt saved my life.
So we swam for Darling Harbor and pretty soon I was lagging behind everyone else. Not by much at first, but after a few minutes I was at least a hundred meters behind. Jack would stop every now and then to make sure I was all right.
“Come on, it's just a little bit further,” he called back.
I lost track of how many times he said that. It felt way longer than two miles. It felt more like we were swimming across the English Channel. Every couple of strokes I had to take a break and catch my breath, but the sound of distant gunfire was always enough to get me going again.
I'd only ever been to Darling Harbor a couple of times. It's a long, thin bay that cuts right into the middle of Sydney. Apparently it used to be a really industrial part of the city, but over the past few decades it had been transformed into an entertainment hub. Nowadays, the bay was full of million dollar luxury boats and super yachts.
I remember when I first moved out here, Jack and Maria were showing me all the sights. We spent a whole day walking around Darling Harbor. There was a long footbridge that connected one side of the harbor to the other so people could walk across easily. It was a popular spot to stop and take photos. The whole place had a real festival atmosphere. There were pubs, restaurants, nightclubs and a casino. Jack pretended to be a tour guide when they took me that first time. He had a whistle that he blew whenever it was time to move on to the next place and a little flag that he would hold up so we could see him in the crowd. We even had a couple of German tourists following us around at one point.
As we swam into the bay, I couldn't get over how dead it was. It was strange seeing the place so empty. The boats were still there but the people and the festival atmosphere were gone.
“Let’s go for that catamaran,” Jack said. “It looks big enough to hide all of us and there’s probably even some food and water on board.”
We swam towards the catamaran. It was definitely big enough to hide all five of us. Probably could’ve held a lot more. But I was glad someone had suggested we hide on this boat. I really didn’t feel like I could swim any further. We could’ve spent another half an hour swimming around, picking out the right boat to hide on. But this one would do nicely, especially since it was the closest and had two very convenient ladders at the back of the boat to climb up. I was glad for Jack’s decisiveness.
One by one we snuck on like stowaways. At the rear of the boat was a huge area with at least a dozen sun chairs and a couple of tables and lounges. There was even an outside bar and a Jacuzzi. We headed for the door to the main cabin area which was at least twice the size of my living room at home. We needed to get inside because even though we were out of the water, we knew we wouldn’t be safe until we were hidden from view. We inched forward. No one had actually said be quiet, but we were all being ultra-careful, like mice being hunted by circling hawks.
Kenji tried the handle but the door was locked. He took a step back and planted a powerful kick into the door with his heavy army boots. The resulting noise sounded like the loudest thing in the world and we all ducked instinctively. Surely someone had heard that.
“Not so freakin loud,” Kim whispered.
“Sorry. But I think I’ve almost got it.”
Kenji took a step back, preparing for another kick. I crouched down and covered my ears. Kenji launched his foot and his whole body at the door and broke through, falling head first into the room.
“Far out,” Maria said. “I think they heard that on the other side of the country.”
We all rushed inside. Jack grabbed the broken door that had fallen off its hinges and propped it up. It was crooked but hopefully if someone was passing by and had a quick look they wouldn’t notice it.
Once we were inside the cabin we all collapsed on the floor. I finally felt like I could breathe a little, I felt like we weren’t about to get blown up or torn to shreds by machine gun fire. We were lying there for what seemed like hours. I could've slept there all night I was that exhausted. But we knew we had to keep moving.
After we caught our breaths, we raided the kitchen and found a whole bunch of energy bars and protein bars. Whoever’s boat we were on must have been a health nut. In the dining area were some photos on the wall. Most of them were of an older man. He looked like he was in good shape for a man of his age. He had dark tanned skin, silver hair and gold chains around his neck. Standing next to the old guy was a younger woman. She had long black hair and in all the photos she was wearing the world’s smallest bikini.
Jack stared at the woman in the bikini and whistled his approval. Maria, who was standing right next to Jack, smacked him in the back of the head. It was such a silly, normal thing to do, I couldn’t help but laugh. And at that moment it made me feel just a little better about our current situation.
After we ate some food and regained some of our energy we all came together around the dinner table. We started to discuss our options for survival.
“So, what do we do now?” Maria asked.
It was a daunting question. We had barely survived the initial attack and we were still stuck in the middle of the city. We were surrounded by the military and if what we heard on the walkie talkie was accurate, there was an entire horde of hostiles or zombies or whatever coming this way.
“We need to head west to the less populated areas,” Kenji said.
“But to get out west we’ll need to get through the outer suburbs,” Kim said. “I would not recommend going out there. Not after everything I saw last week. It would be complete anarchy by now.”
“What if we head to the mountains, get above the snow line?” I asked. “You heard the Doctor. The infected people freeze. It’s the only way to contain them.”
“There’s not a lot of snow this time of year,” Maria informed me.
“Yeah, and besides the mountains are way south of here. And we’ll still have to go through a lot of suburban territory to get there,” Kim reminded.
“But we’re in the middle of the city,” I said. “No matter what direction we go, we’re going to pass through a lot of suburbs. There’s no avoiding it.”
“Unless we head east,” Jack offered
“East is the ocean,” Kim replied.
“Exactly. We could head east in this boat. It looks sturdy. Definitely big enough for ocean travel.”
Kenji shook his head. “The navy would see us on their radar a mile away.”
“OK, well, what if we took something smaller,” Jack said. “Not to take out on the open sea but just to get out past Sydney heads. And then we could stick close to the shore and travel up the coast or something.”
Kenji thought this one over like it could be an option. “It could work but there are still a couple of aircraft carriers situated out there. One is anchored in the actual harbor and the other one is probably off the coast somewhere. There are probably a couple of destroyers as well.”
“And even if we get by them,” Kim said. “And then make it out to the open sea, if the weather turns bad, we’d be done for in a small boat.”
Jack’s idea was getting shot down. But I think it still had some merit. “What if, instead of heading east out to sea, we head inland,” I suggested. “We take one of the smaller boats and head west as far as we can go. That way we can bypass the suburbs and get out to the less populated areas.”
“The only problem is if someone spots us we’d be trapped,” Kenji pointed out. “It’s a perfect situation for an ambush. We’d be sitting ducks, target practice.”
“So maybe we don’t take a boat,” Maria said. “We could swim with the tide. It’s the middle of summer so hypothermia won’t be an issue. We wait till it gets dark and we swim out west. We pack enough food with us and we just go for it. Surely they won’t be expecting that.”
It sounded crazy but maybe Maria was right. Maybe it was crazy enough that no one would expect it. And even though I wasn’t exactly thrilled with the prospect of more swimming, it was probably our best chance to get out of the city alive.
 
Chapter 23

I was chewing on a stale protein bar and feeling cautiously optimistic about our plan. I was staring out at the water and slowly coming to terms with the fact that I would have to dive right back in and basically swim a marathon.
Maria was staring at the water as well. “Do you think they’ll be looking for us?”
“Who?”
“The bad guys. The guys with the guns.”
“I don’t know. But remember what the Colonel said back in the morgue? It sounded like the military were evacuating, like they were on the back foot. He mentioned something about a containment failure. I think whatever their dealing with, the virus or whatever, is taking up all their resources at the moment. What do you think, Kenji?”
I was eager to get his thoughts on the matter since he would have the best idea of how the military would act and what their next move would be. But Kenji was still struggling.
“I don’t know what to think anymore,” he said flatly. “But we need to get out of the city. The military’s only concern right now is to contain the virus. And you saw the lengths they’ll go to do that. I personally think they’ve completely lost control. I’m starting to think it’s too late.”
I wanted to ask him too late for what? Did he mean the virus was going to take over and kill everyone, or did he mean the military was going to start using nuclear weapons? Either way, it was bad news for us. I decided to put those thoughts out of my head. I’d go crazy if I kept thinking about it.
I was just about to start on my third energy bar when we heard a rumbling noise. At first I wasn't sure what it was. It wasn’t a jet. The noise was lower, deeper, causing the boat to vibrate. And it was getting closer.
“It’s an Apache,” Kenji said.
We suddenly realized that all the blinds and curtains were wide open in the cabin. We ran and dived underneath the windows.
“Oh God, do you think they saw us?” Jack asked.
Kenji shook his head. “They would’ve fired if they saw us.”
We still couldn’t see the chopper but we could definitely hear it. It must have been hovering directly over us.
Maria had pressed herself flat into the carpet and Kim was next to her. Maria was squeezing Kim’s hand.
“So what now?” I asked.
“Just don’t move,” Kenji whispered.
I think that was the last thing any of us would’ve done at that point. I couldn’t move even if I wanted to. I was frozen with fear. The chopper continued to hover over the catamaran, waiting and watching. Had it seen us? Or was it just searching the area?
It was tempting to try and sneak a peek, so I could at least see what the hell it was doing, but then it started to move closer, moving around the boat. The windows shook with the vibrations caused by the rotor blades. I put my hands over my ears and shut my eyes. If it was going to do anything, if it had seen us, if it was going to kill us, it would be now.
I held my breath and counted to ten.
“Get ready to run,” Kenji said with a surprisingly calm and steady voice.
“What?” I asked. “Are you serious?”
“If it opens fire with the machine gun, get to the other side of the boat and dive into the water, use the other boats in the harbor as cover. Move quickly but stay as low as possible.”
Kenji’s training was kicking in.
“What if they open fire with missiles or rockets or something?” Jack asked.
“Then we’re dead. Simple as that.”
I was still holding my breath as I prepared myself to run. I was visualizing in my head how I was going to do it. I’d crouch-run to the other side, bullets would be tearing into the cabin all around us but they wouldn’t hit us. Then I’d execute a perfect swan dive off the side of the boat and swim underneath the rest of the super yachts in the harbor, using them as cover. What could possibly go wrong?
“On the count of three we go,” Kenji announced.
“Wait!” I said. “I thought you said only if they start shooting?”
“Change of plans. I don’t want to be here when they start blazing away.”
I saw his point.
Kenji started his count. Jack started swearing.
“One.”
The chopper circled again but sounded like it was moving further away.
“Two.”
I wanted to ask Kenji if we go right on ‘three’ or if we go after ‘three’. But Kenji stopped counting. The chopper had moved even further away.
“What’s happening?” Jack asked. “Are we going or what?”
“Hold on,” Kenji said.
The sound of the helicopter blades began to fade. The windows stopped vibrating.
“It’s leaving.”
I was so relieved I started laughing, we all started laughing. It was a weird reaction but I guess we were just happy we were still alive.
As soon as it was clear, Kenji was up and closing as many blinds as he could. Unfortunately there weren’t very many. We were still exposed.
“It’s not safe here in the open like this,” Kim said.
A feeling of paranoia began to sink in. It felt like we were being watched.
“Why would they search these boats?” Jack asked as he moved around the cabin, looking out each window. “Why would they search this one so thoroughly?”
“Maybe they saw us?” Maria said.
“Wouldn’t surprise me. They’ve probably got snipers all through the city,” Kenji said, putting us even more on edge. “On the roof of one of these buildings. Perfect spot. That’s where I’d be.”
“OK, that’s it. We’re getting out of here,” Kim announced. “Pack up as much food as possible.”
I was about to protest because I needed more time to recover and I thought we should at least wait until night time before we made our escape.
But I didn’t get the chance.
Jack and Kenji saw it first. It was a jet flying at break neck speed. Its razor sharp nose was pointed right at us.
 
Chapter 24

For a nanosecond we were all frozen, paralyzed with fear.
Kenji grabbed me by the shoulders and started pushing me out the door. “Everyone out! Get into the water. Dive as low as you can go!”
In the moments where decisions had to be made in an instant, Kenji seemed to be the only one capable of acting. The rest of us were hopeless. But for him it was like the life or death situation simplified matters. Stay on the boat and die for certain, or dive into the water and at least have a chance of surviving.
The Jet screamed towards us. At one point it looked like it was going to crash into all the super yachts and the cruisers docked in the harbor, but then it banked sharply to the right and pulled up into a steep climb. As it began its ascent to the heavens we could clearly see two missiles launched from each wing. They accelerated towards us at frightening speed.
We scrambled across the deck and jumped overboard, diving head first into the water. I swam and swam as deep as I could, until I thought my head and my eyeballs would burst from the pressure. Above, I could hear the all too familiar sound of explosions and destruction. When I heard that noise and when I felt the power of the warheads, I swam harder. Finally, I couldn’t hold my breath. My lungs were screaming at me again for oxygen. I had to come up for air.
I broke the surface of the water, gasping and choking. I was splashing around with heavy arms. One of the guys yelled out. I think it was Kenji, telling us to swim for the foot bridge. I didn’t even know where that was. I couldn’t really see anything because my vision was blurred from the salt water and from lack of oxygen. I was seeing stars and black spots and bright spots.
Someone grabbed me. It was Jack. Again. He dragged me in the right direction. We swam underneath the footbridge which gave us pretty good coverage from above, from circling choppers, or prying snipers. It wouldn't do anything if they decided to fire a couple of more missiles, but at least they couldn’t see us.
Once more it was Kenji who was able to think clearly amongst the chaos. “I think our best option is to get to high ground. And in the city, high ground means getting inside a building, to one of the upper floors.”
“But isn’t that dangerous?” Kim asked as she wiped her hair out of her face. “Isn’t that like in horror movies how the dumb girl getting chased by the crazy killer with the giant knife always runs up the stairs?”
“It’s a risk we have to take,” Kenji said. “We have to get out of the water. We have to hide somewhere. High ground is easier to defend.”
Kenji made a good point and even though I kind of agreed with Kim, we were fast running out of options.
We waited for the jet to make another pass but it never came. We slowly swam towards the closest jetty, making sure we kept directly below the walkway. We arrived at the jetty and waited another five minutes before deciding that now was as good as ever.
As soon as we were out of the water we sprinted as fast as we could. I didn’t dare look over my shoulder. It felt like the Apaches and the jets with their missiles were right behind us. It felt like they were hovering over our shoulders, just waiting to unleash their hellish weapons, just making us run a bit further until our lungs burned and our legs gave out, just to make us feel a bit more pain until they put us out of our misery.
It didn’t take long for our sprint to turn into a slow jog. I felt so weak. I was dehydrated, dizzy and disorientated. I didn't really know where I was running to. I’d only ever been to this part of the city once or twice before. I was really just following Kim and Jack and Maria. Kenji and I had no idea where to go. We were blindly following them.
I was again struggling to keep up, but not by much. I was a lot faster on land than I was in the water. But all the swimming and the diving and the cheating of death had completely worn me out. All my limbs were heavy. My arms and legs felt like lead, almost too heavy to move. Even my eyelids felt heavy. I couldn’t believe it, my eyelids, no more than an ultra-thin layer of skin, felt heavy. I made a promise to myself then and there to get fitter and faster and stronger, to work out more, join a gym, and go running on the beach more if I ever got the chance.
But as bad as I was doing and as much as I was struggling, Kenji was actually lagging behind me. Maybe he was lagging behind on purpose, to bring up the rear, to make sure we were safe from any pursuers. But he appeared to be doing even worse than I was. Maybe it was because he was wearing big army boots that were now soaking wet.
We had been running uphill when suddenly the road dipped. I picked up speed and nearly tripped over myself. We started running downhill, passed limousines and shiny sports cars and massive luxury cars.
Kim yelled something over her shoulder but I couldn’t hear her over my own ragged breathing.
“It’s the casino!” she yelled again. “It’s right there.”
“Do you think it will be safe?” Maria asked.
Kenji suddenly sprinted to the front of the group. I guess he was doing better than I thought. He told us to stop. “Press yourselves flat against the wall, crouch down.”
We did as he said.
Kenji was breathing hard. He could barely talk. “Where... Where's the casino?”
Kim pointed down the road about two hundred meters away. “It’s right there. It should be deserted. I heard on the dispatch the other night that it was shut down due to a brawl. Apparently there was an attempted robbery by some looters.”
“There’ll probably be more food and water inside,” Jack said.
“God, I need food,” Maria said. “Real food, not just stupid protein bars.”
Kenji took a few more deep breaths. “What do you think, Kim?”
“It’s as good as any other place,” she answered. “Plus it should have views of the harbor and the city.”
“All right, let’s do it,” Kenji said. “I don’t want to spend a minute longer out here in the open. Unless anyone has a better idea?”
We all shook our heads.
Kenji stood and waved us forward. “Stay behind me.”
 
Chapter 25

We approached the casino slowly. We were out of breath and soaking wet but we were optimistic. If this place was deserted, and if we could get inside, it could be the perfect hiding spot.
Out the front, in the drop off area, were rows of abandoned cars. There were Ferraris and stretch limos. All of them shiny, some of them unlocked. We came to a stop in the entryway, near the valet parking area and crouched behind a bright pink Rolls Royce.
Kenji held his index finger up to his lips, urging us to be quiet. “Kim and I will check the doors to see if they're open. You guys stay here.”
Kim gave him a look like she was saying, really? You want me to go with you?
“Be careful,” Maria whispered.
The entrance to the casino appeared to be locked. The automatic doors were shut and unless they were somehow still working, I couldn't see how we'd be able to get inside without breaking the glass. On the other side of the doors were a large set of stairs that spiraled up and around a water feature.
“The stairs probably lead up to the gaming floor,” Kenji said. “Let’s go.”
Kim nodded her head in agreement.
As Kim and Kenji made their way to the automatic doors of the entrance, my leg began to cramp up. I leant against the Rolls Royce for support.
“Watch out,” Jack said. “Don’t want to set off the alarm.”
I took my hands off the car immediately and reminded myself to be more careful. I hadn’t even considered the car might have an alarm system. A noise as loud as a car alarm would’ve attracted all kinds of attention. Not that there seemed to be many people around.
“Hey, where do you think everyone is?” I asked.
Maria shook her head. “Maybe everyone in the city was evacuated in time?”
“Yeah, or maybe they’re all dead,” Jack said.
“Please don’t say things like that.”
As I stretched my leg out carefully, making sure I didn’t cramp up again, I heard something that sounded like a truck approaching from back down the street.
“Now what?” Maria said.
Jack moved over to one of the limos parked near the road to see if he could get a better look.
“Well, what is it?” I asked.
Jack turned around, his face was white. “Hide,” he said. “Slide underneath the Rolls. Quick!”
“What the hell is it?” I asked again.
“It's a freakin tank.”
We crawled underneath the Rolls Royce flat on our bellies. Kenji heard it as well and immediately knew what it was. He grabbed Kim and pushed her into the back seat of a convertible.
The tank rolled closer and the ground shook. If it saw us we were screwed. There was nowhere to run. It stopped suddenly right out the front of the casino. The main gun lowered slightly and then fired three times. They were shooting at something further down the road, out of sight. It then continued rolling on. Thankfully the tank didn’t see us.
Kenji slowly stepped out of the convertible, keeping his eye on the road, making sure it wasn’t coming back.
“What was that all about?” I whispered.
“Not sure,” Kenji answered.
“Who do you think they were shooting at?”
“Don't know. But I don’t want to hang around to find out, we need to get inside.”
Kenji stood in front of the automatic doors but they didn't open. He tried to pry them apart but they wouldn’t budge. It looked like we would have to break the glass, but Jack moved over to help and together they were able to pull the doors slightly apart.
Kenji motioned for us to come inside. “Quickly, we can't hold this thing open for much longer.”
We were barely able to slip through the tiny gap. Once we were inside we moved up the stairs silently. Looking down I could see the bottom of the water fountain. There were casino chips and money thrown in for good luck or to impress people. I could just imagine some hot shot high roller throwing hundred dollar chips into the fountain to show off to his lady friend.
Kenji moved up the stairs quickly. He waved us forward.
“Is it safe?” I asked.
“Not sure,” he replied.
When I reached the top I could see why he wasn't sure. The gaming floor was absolutely massive. I'd never been inside a casino before but this looked pretty damn huge. I looked left and all I could see were black jack and roulette tables and hundreds upon hundreds of poker machines. I looked to the right and all I could see were more tables and more poker machines.
Kenji surveyed the room. “What do you think, Kim? Have you ever been here before?”
“No. Never. I’m not a big gambler.”
“This place is huge,” Maria said. “Does anyone else feel really exposed?”
“What do you mean?” Jack asked.
“I don’t know. I feel like I’m being watched or something.”
Maybe it was because we had been feeling this way all day. Even though it was better than being out in the harbor, or on the streets, I still felt exposed. And I still felt like we were being watched. Paranoia is hard to shake.
We crouched behind one of the roulette tables to at least give us a little cover. It was a pretty poor effort but it was all we could be bothered doing at that point.
“Do you think it saw us?” I asked, referring to the tank.
“If it did, it means they'll be sending reinforcements soon,” Jack said. “Just like they did before.”
“We need to secure this whole building,” Kenji said.
We all deflated. We couldn't even see where the gaming floor ended. Securing the whole building would take a lifetime. There's no way we could do it in our current state.
“You're kidding, right?” I said.
“No. There's a reason why we're all feeling exposed right now. It's because there's a million places for someone or something to hide in here. We need to make sure this place is empty. We need to make sure we're the only ones here.”
“Can't we find something to eat first?” Jack complained.
“Not yet. We need to make sure there’s no infection here. And we need to make sure the military aren’t using this building. Shelter first. Food second.”
“But it’ll take forever,” I said. “This place is too big.”
Kenji thought about it for a second. He knew it would be an arduous task but it had to be done. “Maybe we should split up,” he said.
“Hell no,” Maria replied. “That is never a good idea. In the history of ideas, splitting up has never been good for anyone.”
“We don’t have a choice,” Kenji said. “Jack is right, we need to eat and rest. We can’t spend any longer than necessary securing the building. We need to split up so we can get it done quicker. Jack you go with Kim. Maria, Rebecca, you're with me.”
Jack went to stand up but Kim pulled him back down. “Wait just a second,” Kim said. “Splitting up into two groups isn’t going to speed this up much. This is a huge building. Maybe we should look for food first and then eat on the go. Or maybe, we find some food, find one secure room, hide there and eat. And then once we’ve rested we can start securing the rest of the building. Even if there are other people in here somewhere, if we're quiet, we could stay hidden without anyone knowing that we’re here. It's certainly big enough. If we can't see them, they can't see us, right?”
Just then it hit us all at the same time, the reason we were feeling so exposed. We were in a casino. Casinos are the most secure places on the planet. Security cameras were everywhere. Someone could be watching our every move; someone could be watching us right now.
We all craned our necks and looked at the ceiling. Spaced evenly between the light fixtures were small, black domes. Inside those black domes were the cameras.
Kenji swore under his breath. “We need to find the security room,” he said as he stood up.
I guess there was no use in hiding. If someone was watching they had already seen us.
 
Chapter 26

It didn’t take us long to find the security room. It appeared to be abandoned.
“Strange,” Kim said. “All the computers are still on. And by the looks of it so are all the cameras.”
“Well, at least this will make it a lot easier to secure the building,” Kenji said.
“And that means we can eat sooner!” Jack added.
The cameras showed the entire gaming floor from practically every angle. It showed all the restaurants, and the VIP sections. It even showed the insides of the elevators. The only thing the cameras didn't show were the hotel rooms of the upper floors.
Kim sat down in front of one of the computers and started looking through some files. “Oh my God,” she said. “Check this out.”
She had found some security footage from the previous night. It showed people frantically running in all directions. In the top corner of the screen you could just see a security guard wrestle with some of the customers. The footage then cut to another angle, poker chips were everywhere, some people were dropping to the floor to scoop them up.
“Wow. That is messed up,” Maria said.
Kim clicked through more files, looking for something more recent but she couldn't find anything. “Looks like the cameras are on but they’re not recording.”
“So why did they leave them on?” I asked. “And where has everyone gone?”
“Maybe they evacuated everyone on this side of the bridge as well?” Maria suggested.
“I'm not sure,” Kenji said as he leant over Kim and pointed at the computer screen. “There's the main restaurant,” he said. “Probably our best chance for food and water. Can you bring up a map of the building, Kim?”
She minimized the live footage from the security cameras and searched through some more files. “Here it is.”
She enlarged the map which showed just how big the casino was. The gaming section was only a small part. The rest of the building contained shops and bars. There were even a couple of theatre rooms and a whole hotel upstairs.
I was so glad we decided not to split up. We would've got lost for sure.
“OK, we should secure this floor first,” Kenji said. “If we close these doors here and here we should be pretty safe. There are two stairwells that we can use to move up to the higher floors. And we can use this stairwell at the rear of the building as an emergency exit if we ever get in trouble. It leads us out here on to the road that runs along the water. From there we can make it to one of the boats in the harbor.”
“Yeah, because that worked out so well for us last time,” Jack said.
“I know it’s not the greatest back up plan but at least it’s something. The last thing we want is to be trapped in here without an exit strategy.”
“We should also lock the front doors,” Kim suggested. “We don’t want anyone just walking in off the street like we did.”
“How are we going to do that?” Maria asked.
“Not sure. Maybe we can find something to jam the doors so they can't open.”
We took one more look at the map of the gaming floor. It was a large area but we knew once we had checked it out and made sure it was safe, our reward would be all the food we could eat from the restaurant. Before we left the security room, Kenji did a quick sweep for supplies. He found a couple of walkie talkies and a gun locker that had been left open by the last security guards to leave here. I guess they left in a hurry. Inside the locker was a shotgun and a smaller handgun.
“These might come in useful,” he said as he gave the handgun to Kim. “We don’t have a lot of ammunition, there’s only one clip for the handgun and only two shells for the shotgun but it’s better than nothing.”
“Hey, I’m not complaining,” Kim said.
“And these radios probably won’t have the best range but they should work inside the building.”
Kim brought the security camera images of the gaming floor back up on the computer screen. We studied the images closely for one last time. It seemed to be deserted.
“OK, is everyone ready?” Kenji asked.
“Yeah, let’s get this over with. I’m ready to eat some real food,” Jack said enthusiastically.
We didn’t split up to search the gaming area but we did spread out so we were in a long line with about five meters distance between us. We checked under every roulette table, black jack table and craps table. We checked behind all the bars and behind all the poker machines. We found nothing. The place was indeed deserted, just like the security cameras had told us.
Once we were satisfied we were alone we headed for the main restaurant. Our eyes lit up. There was an all you can eat buffet set up in the middle of the room and by the look and smell of the food most of it was still fresh. I guess they didn’t abandon the casino up until the last minute. I could understand why they would want to stay open. Casinos are designed to take people’s money. They can’t do that if they’re closed. And people will always want to gamble, no matter what. I remembered reading something on the internet about how people actually gamble more during recessions. Maybe the same goes for zombie apocalypses.
Jack ran over to the buffet. “Aww man. I wouldn’t touch the meat or the seafood. But everything else looks pretty good, especially the potato salad.”
The buffet was long and completely covered in food. Even though we couldn’t eat from the meat or seafood sections, I still didn’t know where to start. So I ended up making the biggest bowl of Caesar salad I’d ever seen. I think I poured about a gallon of ranch dressing on and mixed in some of the potato salad for good measure.
Jack wasn’t interested in salad so he went into the kitchen to see what they had in the fridges. He came back with a couple trays of cold meats. There was ham, roast beef, chicken and even turkey. It was a feast.
We must have gorged on the food for at least an hour. After eating so much so quickly, I needed to lie down. We all did. So we ended up having a nap right there in the restaurant. I crawled up under one of the tables and to my surprise; Maria curled up next to me.
“Where’s Jack,” I asked.
“He went back to the kitchen to see if he could find any seafood.”
“He’s still hungry?”
“Yeah, he’s starving. And he loves seafood. I think Kenji is in there with him.”
“I’m so full I don’t think I’d be able to eat anymore even if I knew we wouldn’t be able to eat anything for the next three days.”
“Jack’s mother is Italian,” Maria said. “I think that’s where he gets his appetite from.”
I knew what she meant. I'd been over to Jack’s house for dinner once. I’d never seen so much pasta in all my life. And Jack’s mother kept ordering me to eat. “You’re skin and bones,” she would say. “You need to eat!”
“I wonder if she’s all right,” Maria said after a while. “She’s always been so nice to me.”
“Do you think they made it out in time?”
“I hope so. Jack seems to think they’ll be all right. He reckons they would’ve left the city early on to stay with their relatives out in the country.”
“It was lucky your parents were overseas,” I said.
“Yeah. They’re probably worried sick about me. I hope my house hasn’t been blown up.”
“At least you know they are safe,” I said with a slight tone of bitterness and jealousy.
Maria reached over and held my hand. “Rebecca, your mother is going to be all right.”
Even when I was being a bitch, Maria was always patient and understanding. I quickly apologized. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say it like that.”
“It's OK. You don't have to apologize.”
“But what are the odds my mother is still alive? You saw the other hospital. It was totally cleared out. The same thing probably happened at the hospital she was working at.”
“You can’t think like that. It’ll drive you insane. You have to stay positive.”
After our talk we were silent for a while. I tried to drift off to sleep but I couldn’t.
A few minutes later Kenji and Jack had finally finished eating.
We decided that we should try and get some sleep in the security room. There weren't any beds but at least we would be able to keep an eye on everything. It sounded like a good plan but when we got back to the security room all the cameras and computers had turned off.
“Did they turn off by themselves?” Maria asked.
“Maybe it's got an auto shut down function or something?” Kim offered.
The feeling of paranoia was back. We decided that we should find a hotel room upstairs to get a decent night sleep.
Kenji made sure we found one close to a stairwell on the first floor so we could also leave in a hurry if we needed to. We found a room that was joined to the one next door. Besides Jack and Maria who had been sharing a bed all week while Maria’s parents were away, we all got a bed to ourselves.
In a matter of minutes everyone was asleep. Except for me. I was wide awake. To make matters worse, every now and then a helicopter would fly over the building or nearby and scare the hell out of me. I wanted to wake Kenji up a few times, tell him to get the shotgun ready or something. But I let him sleep. I kept telling myself that we were safe for the time being, that we were hidden and no one knew we were there.
I was trying to stay positive but it wasn’t working. After a while I began to think about all the bad stuff that had happened. I couldn’t stop thinking about all the carnage and all those innocent people trapped in the tunnel and on the bridge. I felt like I shouldn’t be alive, like I had no right to have survived when so many people died that very day. I wanted to believe my mother had made it to safety before anything bad had happened to her, but there was no convincing myself.
I think in the end I was just too scared to sleep.
 
Chapter 27

In hindsight it was a pretty stupid thing to do, to go off by myself. But I couldn't sleep, I wasn't thinking straight. I slid out of bed in the middle of the night, careful not to wake anyone. Not that I had to be careful. They were all well and truly passed out. A jet could’ve flown right by the window and they would’ve slept through it. The handgun Kenji had found was on the bedside table next to Kim. I decided to take it with me, just in case.
The stairwell was right next to our room so I began to climb. I wanted to get to the roof, to see if I could see the ruins of the bridge. I don’t know why I wanted to see it. Maybe I was hoping the bridge would somehow still be there, that everything I had seen, the massacre and all the explosions was just a dream. Maybe I was in denial.
I made it to the top of the stairs but the door to the roof was locked. I decided to check out the penthouse instead because I figured it probably had views of the entire harbor as well. But as soon as I entered the penthouse suite, goose bumps formed on my skin and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up.
I froze. Every muscle in my body was tensed.
It was totally dark but I could hear breathing. It wasn't my own. It was deep, heavy.
I reached for the gun tucked in my pants and flicked the safety switch off. I held my breath.
“A muse for a flame that would ascend the brightest heavens of invention.”
I swung the gun around to where the voice came from. A match was struck and a dim orange light flickered to life and illuminated a man sitting on a couch all by himself. He put the match to the end of a cigarette in his mouth and inhaled.
“Nice night for a walk,” he said.
He didn’t react to the gun. He didn't seem to care. He leant his head back and exhaled.
“You want a smoke?” he asked.
“No thanks.” I said.
He grunted. “No one smokes anymore. Socially unacceptable it is. Gone the way of the mistress it has.”
His eyes were fixed on the little orange flame in his hand. At the time I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t know whether to run away or shoot the gun or yell out for help.
“So?” he said. “What brings you here, if you don't mind me asking? And why are you all by yourself?”
“Couldn’t sleep,” I said, still unsure of what to do.
“It's dangerous in the city. Especially at night. Even if you do have a gun.”
He reached for something in the top pocket of his shirt. It was a small pill bottle. He tossed it over to me. “This will help you sleep,” he said. “Helps me when I can't turn off my brain.”
“What is it?”
“It's morphine.”
Alarm bells started ringing somewhere in a distant corner of my mind. Who carries morphine around in their pocket and offers it to random people? “I don't take drugs from strangers,” I said.
The man laughed out loud, like what I said was genuinely funny. He then started rambling off a whole bunch of facts about the drug.
“Morphine is an opiate,” he said. “A German physicist first discovered it in 1804 but it was not widely used until 1854 when the hypodermic needle was developed. The word morphine is derived from Morpheus, the god of dreams in Greek mythology. He is the son of Hypnos, the god of sleep. Morphine is a highly potent analgesic drug and acts directly on the central nervous system to relieve pain. No other narcotic analgesic is more effective or superior in the management of severe pain. It also gives a feeling of euphoria, relaxation and sedation. On the downside, it is highly addictive. Each hit will only last about four to six hours. So tolerance develops rapidly. Physical dependence develops rapidly. And psychological dependence develops very, very rapidly.”
The match in his hand had nearly burnt down to his fingers.
“How do you know all of that?” I asked.
“I’m a doctor,” he answered as he leant forward and dropped the match into a glass of water or maybe scotch. The match sizzled as the flame was extinguished. Once again it was dark.
“Where did you get that gun?” he asked me.
“From a cop.”
“You ever fired a gun before?”
“Yeah.”
“You ever killed a man?”
“Yeah.”
The man laughed again. “I guess I better be nice to you.”
He struck another match and stared at the flame. The cigarette burned steadily in his mouth. The ash lengthened. He took one long draw, exhaled the smoke out his nose and then threw the rest of the cigarette away. “I’ll start by not smoking around you. I know how non-smokers hate it when you smoke around them. Especially when you’re eating. And even though you’re not eating, I still thought I’d put it out. Just to be nice. I used to be a non-smoker myself, you know.”
“Thanks,” I said.
“Not a problem.”
The weird thing was he didn’t look at me. Not once. He just stared at the orange flame of the match in his hands. He was obsessed.
“So what are you doing here?” I asked him back.
He blew on the tiny flame but not hard enough to blow it out. “This is my humble abode.”
The penthouse suite of a casino? “It’s nice,” I said. “I love what you’ve done with the interior decorations. It doesn’t even feel like a hotel room.”
He laughed again and snuffed out the flame with a short, sharp breath. He then continued to blow on the burnt end of the match so the embers glowed. “Blow and you can extinguish a flame. Blow and you can fuel a flame.”
He took another match and held the head of it against the glowing burnt one. It heated up and sparked and ignited. The tiny orange flame danced and flickered and was reflected in the black pupils of his eyes. The man was definitely obsessed.
“Once upon a time,” he said. “I wanted the big house, the penthouse apartment like this one. I wanted to drive a Ferrari and cruise around in a bright pink Rolls Royce. Everyone wants that. Well, maybe not a bright pink Rolls Royce, but everyone wants money. At least enough so they don’t have to worry about paying bills or paying the mortgage or saving for a rainy day. You ever bought some groceries not knowing whether you had enough money in your account to pay the bill? Money can solve that problem. No more stress. No more fighting or arguing over money and what we can afford and what we can’t afford.”
I looked at the man looking at the flame in his hand and I wondered if he was talking about himself.
“But money doesn’t really mean a thing when you think about it. When you think big picture, money isn’t even an issue.”
“Yeah,” I said. “Especially when a virus starts killing everyone and turning them into psychos and the military conducts a clinic on how to execute a massacre.”
“Do you know anything about loss?” he asked.
Like a reflex, a lump formed in my throat. I thought about my father, my mother. I thought about Kenji.
Did I know anything about loss? “Unfortunately.”
“I lost everything,” he said. “And I mean everything. I’m not just talking about money. I’m talking about my life. My soul. I lost it. And believe me, when you lose your soul. When you say goodbye to that concept or whatever it is, you can never, ever get it back.”
I lowered the gun and swallowed the lump in my throat. “What happened?”
He shook his head. “I’m not even really sure. My life had turned into a monotonous routine. One failure after the next. I didn’t even realize what I was doing until it was too damn late. Until I had already sold my soul to the devil.”
“It must’ve been hard.”
“It was easy, actually. All too easy.”
I switched the safety on and tucked the gun back in my pants and the man lit another match. “What did you do?” I asked.
He stared at the tiny orange flame of the match. It continued to dance. It was hypnotic.
“I created the Oz virus.”
 
Chapter 28

Distant thunder rolled through the city.
A flash of lightning lit up the room and I counted the seconds in my head to gauge how far away the lightning was. I counted to three. Thunder crackled and rolled and echoed through the city. Did three seconds equal three miles?
The man was sitting there in the dark with a lit match in his hand. He just claimed that he created the Oz virus. Why would anyone say that?
“Excuse me?” I asked in disbelief. “You created the Oz Virus?”
He nodded his head slowly.
“Why? Why would you do such a thing?”
“I told you. I sold my soul to the devil.”
“What does that even mean?”
“It means I worked on the project from day one,” he said. “It was just me and two other doctors. They called us the 'holy trinity'. I think some people thought we were miracle workers. At some point I started to believe the hype. At the very least I thought I was going to save lives. I thought what we were doing was for the greater good.”
More thunder rolled and echoed and vibrated through the city and I couldn't quite make out what he said. It sounded like he said it was for the greater good. But I couldn't be sure.
I was just about to ask him what he said when someone turned the lights on. It was Kenji. He had the shotgun pointed directly at the man sitting on the couch.
“Step back, Rebecca.”
I was relieved to see him but was also worried he was about to fire the shotgun. I had a feeling that this guy, as crazy as he seemed, knew something. “It’s OK,” I said to Kenji.
“Is it?” he replied.
“Yeah. Well, sort of. How did you even know I was here?”
“Kim woke up and saw that you were gone,” Kenji said as he kept his eyes fixed on the man sitting on the couch. “Then she realized her gun was missing. I went to find you. I heard your voices. What’s going on here?”
I nodded my head towards the crazy man. “He just said that he created the Oz Virus.”
Kenji seemed to lose his composure. He lowered the gun slightly while the implications of what he just heard ticked over in his head. “Is that true?” he asked.
The man blew out the match in his hand. He picked up a bottle of scotch that was sitting on the coffee table and took a swig. “You look like a soldier who has seen some things,” he said ignoring Kenji’s question. “Let me guess, you served in Afghanistan?”
Kenji furrowed his brow.
“And you were only recently called into Woomera as part of the containment crew. Shoot to kill were your orders, am I right?”
Kenji raised the shotgun back up. “How do you know that?”
“I can tell by the look in your eyes.”
“Excuse me?”
“Your eyes are the gateway to your soul. If you look a man in the eyes, I mean really look him in the eyes, you can find out everything you need to know about him.”
“Is that right? So you know everything about me, huh?”
The man was looking directly at Kenji. “That’s right.”
“And what do you know?”
“Right now your eyes are telling me that you’ve seen things no man should ever have seen, that you’ve done things no man should ever have done.”
Kenji was in a trance, like he was being hypnotized by a sorcerer who was reading his mind and predicting his future or something.
“Your eyes are telling me you’re smart, that you were smart enough to run, smart enough to stay alive when everyone else died.”
Kenji blinked a couple of times and shook his head. “OK, that's enough talk. You’re coming with us.”
“What?” I said. “We can’t bring him with us!”
“I’m not leaving him here by himself. And if what he said about the virus is true, then he needs to be held accountable.”
The man chuckled.
“What’s so funny?” Kenji asked.
“You don’t get it do you? There’s no one left to hold me accountable. It’s over.”
The man was starting to scare us both. I think he was drunk. So we decided it would be best if Kenji kept guard over him in the penthouse.
As I was leaving, Kenji grabbed me by the arm and took me out into the hallway. He grabbed me kind of hard and went right off at me for wandering around on my own.
“What were you thinking?” he said, struggling to keep his voice low. “We haven't secured the rest of the building yet. And you know the security cameras don't show the rooms.”
The truth was, I wasn't thinking at all. I was sleep deprived, exhausted. I was in shock. “I'm sorry,” I said. “I couldn’t sleep. Whenever I closed my eyes I kept seeing dead people floating in the water. Some of them were moving. Some of them were looking right at me.”
He took a deep breath. “I know it’s hard. But that’s why we have to stick together. We’re stronger as a group. If just one person decides to act alone, then we’re all in trouble.”
I knew he was right. I don’t know what I would’ve done if Maria or Jack or Kim went off by themselves. I had to stop being so selfish. I was part of a group now and we were all relying on each other to survive.
“Try and get some rest,” he said. “I’m going to stay here and keep watch. I don’t trust this guy one bit. And try not to wake the others. They need their sleep. We’ll be making some big, important decisions tomorrow and everyone needs to be switched on mentally.”
I descended the stairs to our floor in a daze and slipped back into our room as quietly as I could. Kim was the only one awake, although she was fighting to keep her eyes open.
“What happened? Where did you go?” she asked.
“I just went for a walk,” I whispered. “I couldn’t sleep.”
“Rebecca, don’t scare us like that. Where is Kenji?”
“He’s still upstairs. He said he’ll be down soon.”
I felt bad about lying but I could tell she was exhausted. Jack and Maria were still in a deep sleep and as soon as Kim knew everyone was OK, she passed out as well. I collapsed on my bed feeling angry with myself for putting the group in danger. What if they had all decided to come and search for me? What if something happened? It would’ve been my fault and I’m not sure I’d be able to live with myself with that kind of guilt. Coming to grips with how stupid I’d been was not making it any easier to sleep.
 
Chapter 29

The night seemed to drag on forever. It must've been late but I was still wide awake.
I was shaking uncontrollably and this time it wasn't because I was soaking wet. This time it was because I just found out that one of the people responsible for the Oz virus and all the death and destruction and chaos was in this very building.
I was not handling this confronting fact very well. I continued to shake. I looked at the others sleeping. How did they do it? How did they just switch off?
I didn't know what to do. My body needed sleep but it wasn’t shutting down. It’s like my brain wasn’t listening. I suddenly remembered the morphine pill the crazy doctor upstairs gave me. The container was still in my pocket. I took it out and tried to read the writing on the label.
I popped the lid and put the tiny pill in the palm of my hand. I wondered if it would stop me from shaking. I wondered if it could make me forget about the virus, the destruction, the death. I tried to remember everything the doctor had told me about it when he was rambling off all those facts earlier. I remember he said something about how it was highly potent and highly addictive. I remember he also said the word morphine was derived from Morpheus, the god of dreams, who was the son of Hypnos, god of sleep.
How could one little pill be so strong? How could it be so addictive?
I continued to shake uncontrollably. Next to me the others were sleeping and snoring. It wasn’t fair. I wanted to be sleeping and snoring. I wanted Morpheus and Hypnos to come and take me away. To send me to sleep and show me dreams where I’m lying on a beach on an island in the pacific. I wanted to hear the waves roll up the white sand. I wanted to feel the sun tan and burn my skin.
I wanted to forget everything I had seen today.
I raided the mini bar and found a bottle of water that according to the price list cost eight dollars. I took a deep breath and opened my mouth. I placed the pill on the end of my tongue and washed it down.
Outside, fat, heavy rain was falling and pelting the window. Another flash of lightning lit up the night sky, followed by some more thunder. It suddenly dawned on me then that maybe the lightning and the thunder were more bombs and explosions. It was a frightening thought. I tried to imagine what Sydney would look like in the morning, if it would ever recover from this attack. But I forced myself to clear my head. I needed to sleep. Kenji said we had to make big, important decisions tomorrow. I guess he was talking about our survival. Like whether we should make a run for it or hide out here for a few more days.
If we were smart and planned ahead we would have a greater chance of survival. If we made poor decisions it could cost us our lives. Up until this point I think we had been lucky. And that scared me. Sooner or later our luck was bound to run out.
I drank the rest of the eight dollar water and suddenly felt the effects of the morphine starting to kick in. It hit hard. I began to feel light headed. I don’t know why, but instead of getting into my comfy bed, I decided to lie down on the floor to stretch my back out. A few minutes later my mind seemed to slow. All thoughts of the death, and carnage and wondering if this really was a zombie apocalypse melted away. Suddenly I thought everything was going to be all right. Even when I started sinking deeper and deeper into the carpet, I knew everything was going to be fine. My mind was finally empty of bad thoughts.
I remembered this one time when I snuck into Kenji’s house late one night for a movie marathon session. I had to sneak in a lot because his parents really didn’t like me and they didn’t like that we spent so much time together. Maybe because they thought Kenji should be with a Japanese girl or something. Anyway, he wanted me to watch this movie called ‘Yojimbo’. It was an Akira Kurasawa movie. It was the movie that ‘The Bodyguard’ was based on. I’d made him watch it a million times so now he was making me watch the original version. But there was a problem. The only copy he had was on a shelf in his dad’s study. And his dad’s study was strictly off limits. We went to look for it anyway. I remember I was nervous, maybe even a little scared. If his dad found us in his personal office he would’ve killed me. I remember I found this ancient looking scroll on his desk. The writing was all in Japanese. I asked Kenji what it meant.
“It’s the book of emptiness,” he said.
“The what?”
“It’s the belief that our minds should be empty. A cup is made from clay or glass. But it’s the emptiness of the cup we desire.”
“Oh, like in The Bodyguard when Kevin Costner is in the snow at night and he closes his eyes to try and shoot the bad guy.”
“Exactly.”
That moment in Kenji’s dad’s study has always stuck with me. And just then I felt like I was that emptiness he was talking about. I felt like I was that cup. I was Kevin Costner, kneeling in the snow with my eyes closed.
Somewhere in the distance I could hear Morpheus and Hypnos calling to me. They wanted to recite the Iliad while we sat around a campfire. They wanted to discuss why the Gods amused themselves by interfering with the lives of mortals.
The morphine was pumping through my veins and around my body. According to the crazy doctor, no other narcotic analgesic is more effective or superior than morphine. I will vouch for that. I will testify. Praise the Gods.
As the morphine went to work directly on my central nervous system, I could feel myself slipping into the black hole of sleep and unconsciousness. I felt like I was sinking and falling. And it felt good.
Just before blackness consumed everything, Kenji walked into the room. He leant over me and tried to tell me something. He whispered into my ear, “Tomorrow, they're going to nuke Melbourne.”
My eyes were closed and I felt like I was wrapped up in an invisible electric blanket that was turned way up on the highest setting. It sounded like he said they were going to drop a nuclear bomb on Melbourne. But I couldn't be sure. Because at that point I was lying on a beach in the pacific and the water was gently rolling up the white sand. The sun was tanning and burning my skin.
 
Chapter 30

Four to six hours.
That’s how long the effects of morphine are supposed to last, according to the doctor, assuming he was a doctor.
Euphoria
Relaxation.
Sedation.
Four to six hours.
I wasn't sure but it felt like it'd been longer than six hours. Not that I was complaining. I was unconscious. I was in a black hole. I could've been dead for all I knew but it felt good and I didn't care.
I didn’t care because I was hanging out on Bondi beach with Maria and Jack. The sand was clean and white and there were no footprints. We spent the whole day surfing. And I could actually surf. When the sun had set over the water, we set up an outdoor movie theatre and watched all the greats. Rocky Four. The Karate Kid. Top Gun.
Morpheus, the god of dreams had come through with the goods.
But then something weird happened. Instead of landing his F-14 Tomcat on the aircraft carrier at the end of the movie, Tom Cruise, aka ‘Maverick’, turned his jet towards Australia and hit the afterburners. He flew into Sydney Harbor low and fast. He blew up the bridge and everyone on it.
I managed to survive the initial explosion somehow. I landed ass first in the water below. I swam and struggled to the surface. But even when I broke the surface, I couldn’t breathe. I looked around for Kenji but I couldn’t see him, I looked for Jack, for Maria, for Kim, but they were nowhere to be seen. I started to drown. I reached for something to hold on to. Anything. My hands found something soft, something floating in the water. It was a body. A human body. But I held on to it for dear life. I got my senses and my bearings. High above me, the search and destroy helicopters continued to search and destroy. I tried to swim away but I couldn’t move. I was trapped, surrounded by thousands of floating corpses. I was the only one alive. I was alone.
I woke slowly. I was sore and my limbs were stiff.
Kim was shaking me. “Wake up, Rebecca,” she said urgently.
I could hear laughter.
“Huh? What is it?”
“It's Kenji. He's not back yet.”
Jack and Maria were sitting around the small table in the corner of the room. They were laughing and eating some cereal.
“You haven't told them yet?” I asked Kim.
“I didn't know what to say,” she whispered. “I told them he went to get water.”
“Rise and shine sleepy head,” Maria teased.
“Why did you sleep on the floor?” Jack asked. “Did Maria sleep walk over to your bed and kick you out? She tends to do that sometimes.”
“I do not!”
“Yeah you do. And you snore.”
Maria leant over the table and punched Jack on the arm.
“Hey, shouldn’t Kenji be back by now?” Maria asked. “I know he's a big bad soldier and can probably take care of himself. But I still don't like the idea of people just going off by themselves without consulting the group first, you know?”
I sat on the edge of the bed gingerly, regretting my decision to sleep on the floor. “There's something I need to tell you guys,” I said. “Last night, I... I left the room. I went up to the penthouse floor.”
Maria almost choked on some cereal. “You what? You snuck out by yourself?”
“Yeah. I know it was stupid.”
“Really stupid!” Jack added. “And not to mention dangerous.”
Maria wiped some milk off her chin. “So why did you do it?” She had a look on her face like she was hurt, like I had betrayed her trust.
“I couldn't sleep,” I said. “I just wanted to see the harbor. I wanted to see the bridge. To see if it was really gone.”
Jack looked like he was going to yell at me but I was saved from another verbal assault by Kenji who walked into the room with the crazy doctor. Kenji had the doctor's hands tied together with electrical tape. I guess he was our prisoner now.
“Who the hell is this?” Kim asked.
“This is Doctor West,” Kenji answered as he pushed the doctor into the far corner of the room. “Stay there. Don’t move,” he said.
“Where did you find him?”
“Rebecca found him last night, upstairs.”
“And why do you have his hands tied?”
“Well, he’s saying some pretty crazy stuff.”
Doctor West was standing in the corner quietly. He didn’t seem to mind that we were talking about him or that he had his hands tied or that he had a shotgun pointed at his head.
“Like what?” Kim demanded.
“Like he created the Oz virus.”
The room fell silent. Jack and Maria had completely stopped eating. One of them dropped their spoon and it clanged loudly on the wooden table.
“How do we know he’s telling the truth?” Kim asked.
“I wish I wasn’t telling the truth,” Doctor West said. “I wish I was lying. But I doubt even the most insane person could ever imagine a vision such as this.”
He looked different in the light, slightly older, less intimidating. Maybe it’s because I was surrounded by my friends and he was tied up. Or maybe it’s because he wasn’t playing with matches.
“We started out with a simple ideal,” he continued. “We wanted to save lives. That's how we justified it. After the first gulf war we began research on a new type of weapon. A virus.”
“You wanted to use a virus as a weapon?” Jack asked. “Why would you do that when you’ve got guns and missiles and tanks?”
“Simple. Once we had a virus we could use as a weapon, we could unleash it on an enemy population and destroy it, minimizing collateral damage, minimizing civilian casualties. Imagine sending the virus into the Afghan mountains. The war against Al Qaeda would be over by now. No need for bunker busting missiles, no need for drawn out conflicts that cost lives and money. Wouldn’t matter where the enemy was hiding, the virus would find them. It would kill them just as sure as a bullet to the head would kill them. You infect one enemy soldier, release him, and send him home. He infects the rest. War over.”
“How would you control the virus?” Kim asked.
“It was only ever intended to be used in remote locations. That's why we chose Australia as a testing site. But we didn’t know it would spread so quickly. We didn’t know it would be like this. Right from day one there were problems. The results weren't what we wanted.”
He lowered his head. I think he even started to cry at that point. He wiped his eye. “I'm not sure who made the call. It came from the top, it was completely classified information. They wouldn't even tell me and I was supposedly in charge.”
“What call?” I asked. “What happened?”
“We started conducting viral experiments on people.”
“God, you sound like Doctor Hunter,” I said as I shivered when I mentioned his name.
He paused, like he was remembering an old friend he used to know. “Doctor Hunter was a brilliant man. An excellent surgeon. But in some ways I think he was the first to be corrupted. Not that I was any different in the end. But he was the strongest advocate to test on humans. He said it was essential for the validity of the results. He said it would speed up the research; move us closer to our goal. It was how we always justified it.”
“So wait a minute,” Kim said. “You actually tested on people?”
Doctor West nodded his head. A single tear streaked down his cheek. “We tested on illegal immigrants, people smugglers and even refugees. The reason? These people didn’t exist, no one would miss them. We had an endless supply of test subjects. It was as perfect as it was evil. The Woomera Immigration Center was an ideal test site. It was out of the way, isolated.”
“So you tested on people knowing they would die?” Kim asked angrily.
“No. At first we would give them an injection and monitor their symptoms. If their health began to decline, we would give them the anti-virus immediately. Those poor people, they really had no idea what was happening to them, they just thought we were giving them their immunization shots. They never complained. Not once.”
“But let me guess,” Jack said. “Something bad happened?”
“We lost control. The virus changed and mutated into something none of us had ever seen. It would cause death minutes after infection. The anti-virus stopped working. We immediately stopped all testing and reported our findings. To our surprise we were given more funding. Lots more. I had never seen so many zeroes in my bank account.”
“So you did it for money?” I asked.
“I don't know why I did it. Maybe it was the money. Maybe because I thought we’d be heroes.”
Heroes? I hoped from the bottom of my heart that I would never become so deluded.
“We recommenced our research and the initial tests were promising. The virus we'd created was perfect. At least that’s what we thought. It was quick, efficient and one hundred percent effective. But in terms of a virus, it was not perfect at all. It was too aggressive. In order for a virus to spread between hosts, it needs time. It has to survive long enough, and the host has to survive long enough to pass it on to the next person. We were trying to figure out how to make the virus less deadly. And the damn thing mutated again. It changed quicker than we could keep track of it. It developed a survival mechanism. It still killed its host, completely overwhelmed their immune system, but it would also keep that host functioning on some base level. Then the host would work for the virus.
“When the anti-virus stopped working we set up quarantine areas. It started out as just one room but then we had to close off and barricade whole buildings. Two days later we had to quarantine the whole area and the surrounding town.
“Once we lost control at the immigration center the military started shipping out equipment and personnel. There’s an airbase just north of Sydney. They sent everything there. Not just the research scientists either. I’m talking samples, patients, and test subjects. I’m not sure what happened. But I guess because it wasn’t properly planned or they hadn't trained for it, something went wrong. The virus got out. It spread through the surrounding towns. And it spread quickly. Soon it was moving towards Sydney. Just yesterday it reached the outskirts and once it hit the high population areas of North Sydney, it started moving even quicker. It was like fuel for a fire. The smart people headed west, to the less populated areas, but everyone else listened to the military and the message that all the news stations were broadcasting.”
Of course the majority of people would listen to the news, I thought. That’s what they do every day.
“The bridge became a choke point,” Doctor West continued. “The military had forced everyone out of their cars to walk through the testing gates. But once the horde of infected got too close, they panicked. Again they hadn’t planned for this scenario. They still had a lot of important personnel docked in the USS Washington just on the other side of the harbor. And a whole lot more at Sydney airport ready for extraction. The virus was moving too fast for them. If they blew up the bridge it would give them more time. It would save lives.
“So the order was given. They set the fuses on the bridge and retreated. They sent in the F22’s and the Apaches and blew it sky high.”
“They blew it up to save lives?” Kim asked. “It was a massacre out there! It's a miracle we're alive!”
“It is indeed,” Doctor West replied. “I was completely shocked that you people had made it this far. But I’m not sure how much longer you can survive. Especially in the heart of the city.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means the military will shoot anything that moves at the moment as part of their containment protocol. But that’s not really your biggest concern. Your biggest concern is the infected. Pretty soon you will have a few million hosts rampaging through the city, spreading the infection with single minded aggression.”
“But we haven’t seen any signs of the infection on this side of the harbor,” I said.
“Not yet. That’s why the military did what they did. They were just buying time. But the virus is designed to find life. It won’t be long now.”
The doctor’s warning was blood chilling.
“We need to secure the rest of this building,” Kenji said. “If we secure it well enough, maybe we can ride it out here for a while, maybe long enough to wait for a rescue.”
“That could take weeks! Or months!” Kim said. “Plus we don’t know if there’ll even be a rescue. Remember the quarantine? Remember they shut down communication networks? We don’t know if the outside world even knows what’s happening.”
Kim was making valid points but they were all so depressing.
“What about our plan to go west,” I said. “If the virus is designed to find life, then we should go where there is no life. We should get as far away from the city as possible.”
“I agree,” Kenji said. “But it’s not just the military forces we have to worry about. We have to secure this place so the infection can’t get in. It’ll be a lot safer in here once we do that. Once we're certain it's secure, then we can start gathering supplies and make sure we have enough food and water. I still think swimming out west, as crazy as it sounds, is our best option. But we need to prepare ourselves.”
Jack stood up and clapped his hands together. “Let’s get to it. If this virus is spreading as fast as everyone says it is, I don’t want to be anywhere near it.”
“You better hurry,” Doctor West said. “You don’t have long.”
 
Chapter 31

We made our way down to the security room to check the cameras and the blue print of the building one more time. But we couldn’t turn the computers on. It looked like the whole security system had shut down.
“This doesn’t change anything,” Kenji said. “We’ll start with the other floors of the hotel.”
“What about him?” I asked about the doctor.
“Leave him here for the moment. We’ll tie him to the desk. No offence,” Kenji said to Doctor West.
“None taken. This room is as safe as any.”
I didn’t know if he meant it was completely safe or if he meant that it wasn’t safe at all, that no matter how well we checked each floor, no matter how well we secured the building, that it would never be safe. Maria was right when she said we had to stay positive. Thinking the worst will drive you insane.
“We should split up into two groups,” Kim said as she checked the ammunition clip of the handgun.
I did a double take. “Excuse me? I thought you were against splitting up?”
“I was. But it’s the only way we’re going to get through this as quickly as possible.”
“I agree,” Kenji said. “Jack and Maria, you go with Kim. Rebecca, you come with me.”
Maria had a worried look on her face. “Are you sure it’s necessary? I really, really don’t like the idea of splitting up.”
I knew what she meant. We had survived so much together in such a short time. We were sort of relying on each other to get through this. I can’t speak for the others but I know for certain that I wouldn’t have survived without them. Facing the prospect of splitting up was enough to make me anxious.
“We have no choice,” Kim assured her. “I don’t like it either but we need to do this as fast as we can.”
“Rebecca and I will go to the top floors and work our way down,” Kenji said. “If there are any snipers or scouts, they’ll be on the roof. I’ll check that out first. Then we’ll work our way down. You guys start at the bottom and work your way up. We’ll meet in the middle.”
“Make sure you check each room thoroughly,” Kim said. “Check the bathroom, the cupboards, under the bed. Everything.”
Maria still wasn’t happy with our plan. “What if something goes wrong?” she asked. “What if we find someone, or something?”
“If something goes wrong, we can use these walkie talkies to call for help,” Kenji said. “They’re probably not very good but they’re better than nothing.”
“Should we have a code word for an emergency?” Jack suggested.
“Like what?” I asked.
“How about, mayday?”
Kenji shrugged his shoulders. “Yeah, works for me. But if you do use the radio, try not to stay on for too long. Just in case the military are listening. They probably won’t be listening but you never know. And if the radios don’t work, or if we’re out of range, or you can’t get us for whatever reason, retreat back to this floor. At least we know it’s secure. Don’t be a hero. If you come across any infected people, try to isolate them or lock them in a room.”
I was suddenly reminded of the doctor we left handcuffed to the morgue fridges. I wondered if he was dead.
“If in doubt, bail out,” Maria said.
“What if we come across any soldiers?” I asked.
“If you come across any soldiers surrender immediately,” Kenji said.
“What?” We all asked at once.
“Do not even attempt to engage. You won’t last a second.”
I couldn’t believe what he was saying. It was like he was still brain washed. Even after everything he had seen yesterday. After everything he had lived through over the last two weeks. “Surrender?” I said.” Did you suddenly develop a case of amnesia? You saw what they did out there. No way am I surrendering.”
Kenji tried to clarify. “If you surrender and explain your situation, explain to them clearly that you are not infected, everything will be fine. If you don't surrender they'll shoot to kill.”
I didn’t believe him. Not about the shooting to kill part, that I did believe. But about the part where if we explain to them our situation and surrender, everything will be fine. I didn’t believe that at all. No one else did and I could tell by the tone of his voice that he didn’t believe himself either.
We looked at each other then, it was almost like an unspoken agreement. If we see any soldiers, run. Run as fast as you could, run like you were about to be shot. Because the reality was, you were probably about to get shot.
“OK, everyone ready?” Kim asked.
We all nodded our heads. There was no enthusiastic, ‘hell yeah! Let’s do this!’ But I think we were as ready as we could’ve been.
Kenji and I began our climb to the top floor. It didn’t take long for my legs to start burning. Kenji powered on without complaint.
“How do you stay so fit?” I asked him between deep breaths.
“You have to stay strong,” he said. “If you’re not strong, you’re dead.”
I saw his point. I had to keep reminding myself that he wasn’t the same person I used to know. I’m sure underneath the uniform and all the training he was still the great guy I sort of fell in love with. But he had this whole other life that I didn’t know anything about.
“What was it like out there?” I asked in an attempt to bridge the gap. “On the front line?”
“Sometimes it was all right,” he said. “Sometimes it was lonely. And other times it was hell.”
“So why did you do it?”
He shook his head. “I’m not really sure. My father always wanted me to become this great warrior. He would always go on and on about how our ancestors were these famous Samurai and about how he served in World War Two. That’s why he sent me to military school. It was the first step. I was mad at him because he didn’t even consult with me. He just went ahead and signed me up. Part of the reason I ran away from school and joined the Marines was to get back at him. Part of the reason was because I wanted to see if I could do it, to see if I had that warrior’s blood in me. I didn’t want to drag you into any of it. I was just so lost and angry. I wasn’t thinking straight.”
“You could’ve told me.”
He stopped climbing the steps. He pulled out a letter from his top pocket and handed it to me. “I wrote this the day I left. I don’t know why I never gave it to you. I keep it in my pocket all the time. Everywhere I go. So you’re with me. Right next to my heart. I didn’t know how to tell you so I wrote it down.”
I took the letter and held it in my hand. It felt warm. I wanted to read it right then and there, to devour every last hand written word. But I didn’t get the chance. The radio crackled to life.
“Mayday! Mayday!”
My heart sunk.
Kenji unclipped the radio and spoke into the receiver. “Kim? Is that you? What’s wrong?”
Our prediction about the radios not working very well was right. They couldn’t hear us.
“Kenji? Rebecca? Are you there?” Kim was frantic; her voice was full of fear. “Maria’s been bitten. Repeat. Maria has been bitten. It’s not safe here. We have to leave!”
 
Chapter 32

We ran down the stairs. Kenji was taking four steps at a time. I was struggling to keep up without falling flat on my face. We had no idea what floor they were on, but we’d agreed earlier that if anything was to happen we’d meet up at the security room. So that’s where we decided to go first. If they weren’t there we would have to check every room on every floor, which would take forever. So I was really hoping they’d made it back to the security room.
Kenji checked the radio one more time but it still didn’t work. We finally made it to the bottom of the stairs. We stepped out on to the gaming floor and froze.
“Oh no,” Kenji whispered under his breath as he held me back.
They were everywhere. The gaming floor was full of infected people, or zombies, or whatever they were. I’d never seen so many of them. I held my hands up to my mouth to stop myself from screaming. It was hard to imagine that a virus could do that to a human being. They looked like walking, living corpses.
“How did they get in?” I whispered.
“Not sure,” Kenji said as he motioned for us to move back into the stairwell. None of them had seen us yet, but I sure as hell didn’t want to hang around to see how long we could stand there unnoticed. If we could at least get to the first floor, we could shut the door and barricade it.
We had almost made it out of sight, but then the radio came to life again with Kim’s voice. “Kenji if you can hear me, do not go back to the gaming floor. Meet back at our room. Repeat. Do not go to the gaming floor!”
There must have been hundreds of them and at that moment they all turned towards us. I didn’t stop to see if they were chasing, I just assumed they were. We sprinted back up the stairs, adrenalin and fear gave me a burst of speed and energy. We made it to the first floor in world record time and slammed the door shut.
“We need to barricade this,” Kenji said. “It’s not strong enough.”
I could hear screams coming from the stairwell. There wasn’t much time.
“Go to the rooms,” he said. “Get whatever you can to brace the door.”
The screaming from the stairwell was getting louder, closer.
“Hurry!”
Kenji had his full weight against the door when they crashed into it from the other side. The door seemed to bulge and Kenji was nearly pushed back. But it held.
I ran to the nearest room and dragged both beds out into the hallway. We ended up putting three beds and three small couches in front of the door. It wasn’t the greatest barricade but it was a start.
“Do you think it will hold?” I asked.
“Not for long. We should make our way to a higher floor as soon as possible.”
“How do we do that when they're in the stairwell?”
“There should be another fire escape on the other side of the building. If not, we’ll have to climb up the elevator shaft.”
“Do you think the others made it back to our room?”
The door was rocked by a huge force before Kenji could answer. We both instinctively threw our weight against the barricade. “We need more weight,” he said.
The infected were banging on the door, bashing their fists and probably their heads into the solid wood.
We moved quickly. We emptied the four closest rooms of all the furniture we could find. Beds, couches and even fridges. We jammed it all into the hallway so the doors physically couldn’t swing open. Once we were satisfied they couldn’t get in for the time being, we went looking for the others.
We found them in our room which suddenly didn’t feel so safe anymore. There was no way we were spending another night in here. When Kim saw us she jumped up and hugged us both. “Thank God you made it! I didn’t know if the radio was working. I didn’t know what to do.”
Jack was standing at the foot of the bed with his head lowered. Maria was lying down on her back with her eyes closed. There was blood on one of her legs, down near her ankle. She looked so pale. Doctor West was there but he was keeping a safe distance.
“What happened?” I asked.
Kim still had the walkie talkie in her hand. She was bending the antenna back and forth nervously. “We were on the second floor. We found a security guard hiding in one of the bathrooms. We thought he was asleep. We tried to wake him.” She was shaking her head. “We should've been more careful, we should've known. He grabbed Maria’s leg and bit her.”
I looked at Maria’s ankle. The blood from the wound had stained the bed sheets. Her forehead was sweaty and her breathing was rapid.
“She was able to kick free,” Kim continued. “We were on our way back to the security room when we heard glass smashing. I went to check it out. There were thousands of them just outside the main entrance. They had only smashed open a small gap. Most of them were tearing themselves to shreds as they squeezed through. We only just made it back here.”
Doctor West spoke from the far corner of the room. “We should quarantine her immediately. Killing her now would be best.”
Jack lunged at the doctor and pushed him up against the wall. “We’re not killing her!”
The doctor remained calm. “In a couple of minutes she will turn. There is no stopping it. Soon her body will work for the virus. She will become a host. And her one goal in life will be to spread the virus to another person. She will attack you. With unimaginable ferocity, she will attack you. And everyone else.”
“How do we know she’s even infected?” Jack asked.
“Trust me; I’ve seen it all before. And trust me when I say you do not want to be in this room when she turns.”
Looking at the wound, looking at how pale she was, it was obvious. But Jack was in complete denial. He was desperate.
“We need to seal this room off,” Doctor West said. “We need to take care of her now.”
Jack let the doctor go and punched the wall so hard I thought he’d broken his hand. “You guys go,” Jack said. “I’ll stay. I’ll do it. I just need some time alone.”
Kim gave Jack her gun. She hugged her brother and burst into tears.
Kenji patted him on the shoulder. “Be careful,” he said. “You don’t have long.”
We moved into the adjoining room and locked the door. Kim was still crying uncontrollably. I wanted to cry as well but I was unnaturally calm. I was numb. I moved as far away from the door as possible. I shut my eyes tight and put my hands over my ears and waited for the gunshot that would kill one of my best friends.
 
Chapter 33

A few agonizing minutes passed but there was no shot. The waiting was unbearable. An hour later we knew she had probably turned. The virus would've completely overwhelmed her immune system, destroying her frontal lobe, shutting down her higher brain functions. The only thing left for her body to do was to become a host for the virus and spread the infection. But maybe Jack wasn't ready to accept that. I can't blame him. I can't even imagine what it would be like to put a bullet in the person you love. It's just not right. If I was Jack, I wouldn't be able to do it. No way. Not in a million years. So we gave him all the time he needed. Kenji went down the hall and checked on our barricade a couple of times just to make sure it was still holding. He said it was intact but they were still trying to break through.
“They won't stop,” Doctor West said. “The virus is relentless.”
A couple of hours later Jack burst into the room. He was smiling and crying. “Guys, she didn’t turn! She’s not sick!”
I immediately looked at Doctor West to see his reaction. He looked doubtful.
“Are you sure?” Kenji asked. “How do you know?”
“She’s completely fine. The bite on her leg is even starting to heal. I cleaned it up and even poured some vodka from the mini bar on it just to make sure. She said it stung like hell, which I figured is a good thing, right?”
We were shocked. I looked at the doctor once more to see if I could read his expression but he still seemed to be in disbelief.
“Come on. See for yourselves,” Jack said.
I wasn’t really sure what to expect. Maybe Jack had completely lost his mind; maybe he was still in denial. That wouldn’t surprise me. I still felt like I was in denial. But this went against everything we’d seen the past couple of days. It went against everything Doctor West had told us and what Kenji had seen at the immigration center. This virus was supposed to be one hundred percent lethal. Was Jack telling the truth? Maria was the one person he loved more than anything in the world, the one person he loved with all of his soul. Had watching her die and then turn into a monster finally pushed him over the edge of sanity?
We entered the room cautiously, but to my surprise Maria was sitting up in bed. She looked sleepy but better than I expected. She had even regained her color. She looked fine.
“Hey guys,” she said, her voice sounding rough. “Sorry to scare you like that.”
“How are you feeling?” Kim asked.
“I feel like I’m alive,” she joked.
“It's a miracle,” Kenji said, smiling.
Doctor West slowly moved closer to get a better look at Maria’s wound. “I can’t believe it,” he said. “For months we’ve been trying to slow this thing down. Nothing has worked.”
“So she's not sick?” I asked.
“I feel fine,” Maria reassured us.
“We can't be certain. But she’s not showing any of the observable symptoms, the loss of motor skill, the skin discoloration, the aggressiveness. Nothing.”
Maybe it really was a miracle.
I wanted to jump on her and give her a hug and yell at her for not being more careful. I was such a mess inside. One minute I thought I was losing one of my closest friends, one of my only friends in the entire world, but now she had been given a second chance. I'm not sure if I believe in God anymore, but if there is such a thing, then this was his work.
Kim sat down on the bed next to Maria but Doctor West told her to be careful. “We can't be sure she's immune until we do a definitive test. Like a blood test for example.”
I shuddered at the thought of blood tests. “Hey, last time someone mentioned doing tests they wanted to harvest our organs.”
“Guys, this is huge,” Kenji said. “If Maria is immune we need to get her to safety. She could hold the key to an anti-virus or even a cure. We could stop this thing before it gets any worse.”
“Any worse?” Kim said. “How could it get any worse?”
“Imagine if the virus spread overseas. Imagine it spreading through a population like China or India. We can stop that from happening. We have a huge responsibility. And that means we need to get upstairs right now. It’s no longer safe on this floor. If we get to the penthouse suite we should be able to defend ourselves a lot better.”
“But won’t we be trapped up there?” Kim asked.
“Not necessarily. According to the blueprints we looked at earlier, there’s a secondary stairwell on the other side of the building. There’s more than one luxury suite in this hotel but they’re all on the upper floors. The good thing about the penthouse is that not only does the stairwell lead directly to the room, but the elevator does as well. So that gives us two exit points if we get into trouble.”
“But doesn’t that give the room two entry points as well?” Kim said. “Making it twice as exposed?”
“We’ll have to secure the stairwell, obviously. But the elevator should already be locked. I’m pretty sure you need a key to get up there from the ground floor.”
“I’m with Kenji on this one,” Jack said. “We need to regroup. And we still need to stock up on supplies if we’re going to make the trek out west. If we hole up in the penthouse it’ll give us a chance to plan this thing properly. And we might as well do it in style.”
It was a majority vote in favor of the penthouse. Kim was against it because I think she was still thinking about all those slasher films she had seen where running up the stairs meant a certain death. But ultimately, she trusted the group.
Kenji led us to the other side of the building where the second staircase was located. He opened the door carefully, stepping inside the stairwell with the shotgun raised and ready to fire. Kim was behind him with the handgun.
They looked up and looked down. It appeared to be empty.
“Is it safe?” I asked.
“Shh,” Kenji and Kim said in unison.
They had their heads turned to the side, listening.
“I think it's clear,” Kenji said after a few minutes. “Let's go.”
We climbed the stairs to the penthouse. Jack had to carry Maria because she was too weak to walk. When we finally arrived, Kenji told us to move back. Kim stepped up beside him and together they moved inside the room with their weapons at the ready.
Once they were satisfied we were the only occupants, they called out to us.
The penthouse had a huge open plan living room and for some reason everything was white. The leather couches were white, the marbled floors were white and the curtains were white. There was a grand piano over by a fully loaded bar and they were both white. Even the throw rugs on the floor, which looked like they were made from some kind of endangered animal like a snow leopard or an alpaca, were white. I guess who ever they hired to do the interior decorations wasn’t a fan of color.
The room looked completely different from the other night. Maybe because it was daytime now, or maybe because the curtains were drawn back and we could clearly see the ruins of Sydney Harbor. There were fresh columns of smoke rising from other areas of the inner city as well. The Sydney skyline looked like a poster from a disaster movie.
“It’s worse than we thought,” Kim said.
In the distance I could see a massive aircraft carrier heading back out to sea. “Where do you think it’s going?”
Kenji shook his head. “I don’t know.”
We could also see helicopters flying over the city skyscrapers and I suddenly felt very exposed. “I think we should close those curtains.”
“Yeah, good idea,” Kenji said.
Kenji and I moved quickly, closing all the blinds and curtains, making sure no one could see in. We didn't want to leave anything to chance, not after what happened in the catamaran. Afterwards, I felt a little better, but I don’t think I’d ever be able to relax while we were right in the middle of Sydney, right in the middle of the warzone. At any moment we could be spotted by a sniper or a helicopter flying past. Or eaten by a horde of infected psychopaths. We needed to plan our escape as soon as possible.
“All right guys, we need to move fast,” Kenji said, wasting no time. “Those things are everywhere downstairs, which means the infection has spread right throughout the city. We need to get out of here. But we need to be smart. We need to plan it right. Because once we leave this room, once we leave this building, there’s no turning back.”
 
Chapter 34

We sat around the huge open plan living room in silence for a while. We all knew what Kenji said was right. As nice as it was, we couldn’t stay here forever.
“So, do we all agree that heading out west is our best option?” Jack asked.
Kenji nodded his head. “We need to get to the less populated areas. The less people there are, the less people the virus can spread to. It’s definitely our best chance for survival.”
“But what about Maria?” Kim asked. “Shouldn’t we try and get word out that we have a person here who may be resistant to the virus? Maybe if they knew that bit of information someone would come and rescue us?”
“Or maybe they would try and do what they did to us last time,” I reminded her. “But who would we even contact? There’s no one left.”
“We could try and contact the government,” Kim answered.
“We don't even know if the government is still operational,” I said. “We don't even know if there are any survivors at all.”
“What about Tasmania?” Jack suggested. “Surely the virus hasn't magically spread across water. Maybe the government or whoever is in charge has regrouped down there?”
Doctor West cleared his throat. “It only takes one carrier to spread the infection. And I assure you, it can spread across water. My advice would be to stick with your original plan and get as far out of the city as possible. The virus is designed to spread quickly from person to person. No people means no fuel for the fire.”
“But wouldn’t the government want to send help if they knew we had someone who quite possibly held the key to a cure, to the freakin survival of the entire Australian population?” Kim said.
“I’m sure they would,” Doctor West replied. “But even if they do send a rescue, how long will that take? Days? Weeks? Do you think you will last that long here?”
I think we all secretly wanted to be rescued right then and there. It would be so much easier than fleeing the city on foot.
“First things first,” Kenji said. “We need to make sure all the doors in the stairwell are locked on every level. Especially on the gaming floor. Once we do that, then we can get back to arguing over what to do or who to call.”
“Wait, what about the elevator?” Kim asked. “Are we sure that’s secure? I mean, what’s stopping them from riding the elevator all the way up here?”
Doctor West shook his head. “No. They wouldn’t be able to press the buttons; they wouldn’t be able to read the numbers. They’re just not capable.”
“But what if they did it on accident? Like, what if they bumped into it and they just happened to press the button for the penthouse suite.”
The doctor thought it over. “I suppose there’s a slight chance.”
“Relax guys. Like we said earlier, you need a key to get on the penthouse floor,” Kenji assured us. “It’s completely secure.”
I wanted to believe him but I was starting to agree with Kim. I remembered how easy it was for me to get inside the penthouse the other night. I basically just walked in. And even though we had locked the doors and the elevator needed a key to be activated, I still felt vulnerable, especially with so many infected people down stairs.
“Come on Rebecca, let’s go check the stairwell,” Kenji said.
I was about to suggest that maybe he take someone with a bit of muscle, like Jack, or Kim, because she knew how to handle a gun way better than me. But then he gave me this weird look and raised his eyebrows. I think he was trying to tell me something but I was too tired to figure out what. At first I thought it was because Kenji wanted to talk about something, like the letter he gave me which I still hadn’t read. But when we were alone in the stairwell he said he thought it would be best if Kim stayed up there just in case Doctor West tried anything. Kenji didn’t trust him at all.
I hadn’t given it much thought. Not after everything that had happened today with Maria basically on her death bed and then coming back to life in a matter of hours. Combine that with everything else and I felt like my emotions were being pulled in about eight different directions. I think it was easier just to ignore the possibility that Doctor West was dangerous.
But then again, he did say that he created the Oz virus. When I found him, he appeared to be drinking. Maybe the guilt of everything that he had caused was too much for him. Maybe staying behind in the heart of the city was his way of punishing himself. Maybe he didn’t want to get to safety. Maybe he didn’t want to be rescued at all? I forced the doubts from my mind.
We began our descent to the ground floor. It seemed to take forever. I asked Kenji how long it would take for them to find us if they broke through our barricade. He said from what he’d seen they probably wouldn't be able to find their way off the first floor. People who were infected had lost all of their higher brain functions, so the ability to think and solve problems was impossible. Finding their way through a hotel all the way up to the top floor would be like finding their way through a maze. There was a chance they might eventually stumble to the finish, but it wasn't likely. The real danger was if they actually saw us. Once they had something visual to pursue they wouldn't stop.
Kenji marked the door that led to the gaming floor with a huge red X that he wrote in lipstick.
“Where did you get that?”
He shrugged. “Found it in the master bathroom. I figured who ever owned it wouldn’t mind.”
The door that we would need to exit if we were leaving in a hurry was one floor below. We thought it led to the basement or maybe the casino car park. But we weren't sure so we went to check it out. Kenji put his ear up to the door to see if he could hear anything.
“Should we open it?” I asked.
“I don't know. I'm not sure that would be wise. I mean, they could be in there. They could be right on the other side.”
“Exactly. I don't want to run out into that.”
“But if we open it and they see us, then it could compromise our whole safety. If they broke through this door, the stairwell would lead them straight to our room.”
“So you're saying when the time comes to leave, we should just run out there blindly?”
“At least we would have a head start.”
I guess it was all we could hope for. But even as he said it, I could tell he really wanted to open it. “If we just open it a crack, we’d be able to see how far we have to run and if there are any obstacles in our way. It would be a huge advantage.”
“But if they made it inside to the gaming floor that means there’s got to be more of them around here.”
I suddenly realized that when the time actually came to leave, we would have to leave in a real big hurry. If there were more infected around here and there probably was, we would be lucky to make it out alive.
“OK. You’re right,” I said. “It would be pretty stupid to just open it. We would be putting the whole group in danger.”
We were about to climb the stairs back to the penthouse but then we heard yelling, shouting, and loud running footsteps.
It sounded like someone had just run past the door. A voice yelled out for help. They sounded close, like they were just on the other side.
“We have to open it,” I whispered.
“No way. We don’t know who that is. They could be infected.”
We heard more noises then. A car engine revving to its limit and tires screeching.
Kenji dropped to the floor and lay flat on his stomach. He was trying to look under the door. “This doesn't lead to an underground car park,” he said. “It leads outside. Darling Harbor is just across the road. I think.”
The guy on the outside must have seen the door because he tried the handle, but it was locked. He then started kicking it as hard as he could. The noise seemed to reverberate up and down the entire stairwell.
I backed away but Kenji finally gave in and opened the door. I expected the man on the other side to fall to his knees and burst into tears and thank us both for saving his life. But there was no one there. We stuck our heads out the door and looked around the corner. The man was already running away. He looked back over his shoulder in our direction but he wasn’t looking at us. Back down the street where he had just come from, was a military jeep. It was moving fast, swerving all over the road. I couldn’t tell if it was a Humvee, like the one we had driven the other day. I couldn’t tell because at that moment, it was covered in people hanging on, infected people. They were trying to smash through the windows, to get to whoever was inside. The jeep eventually swerved violently and lost control. It somersaulted in the air two or three times before rolling to a stop on its roof about five meters from where we were standing.
Some of the infected people were thrown off when the car flipped, some had been crushed. Amazingly there were a few that had managed to hold on. They never once stopped trying to break through the windows.
One of the soldiers had actually survived the crash but he must have been heavily concussed, maybe he didn’t know where he was. He tried to crawl out of the passenger window and was immediately set on and ripped apart.
It all happened in a matter of seconds. Kenji grabbed me and threw me back inside the stairwell. He slammed the door shut and backed away slowly.
“We have to go,” he said quietly, almost to himself. “We have to get the others and get the hell out of here.”
As soon as we began running up the stairs, the banging and the thumping started. The noise echoed all the way up the stairwell. It seemed to fill the entire building. Now that they knew we were inside, they wouldn’t stop.
 
Chapter 35

We ran so hard I was sure my lungs had actually caught on fire. My legs were so full of lactic acid I thought they were going to burst. I tripped over the last step because I couldn’t lift my feet anymore. Kenji picked me up.
Kim was waiting at the top of the stairs. “What is that noise?”
“They’re here,” Kenji gasped.
We shut the door and I collapsed on the floor. Kenji was doubled over trying desperately to catch his breath. I tried to stand but my legs were too shaky. It felt like we had just sprinted to the top of a never ending staircase.
The room began to spin. I crawled over to the kitchen and dragged myself up on the bench so I could throw up in the sink.
“What the hell happened down there?” Jack asked. “Are we in trouble?”
Kenji seemed to finally get his breath back. “We have to leave.”
Maria looked worried. “What? Right now?”
“Yes. Right now.”
“But we haven’t planned this. We’re not prepared!”
“We don’t have time. They’re going to break through that door down there any second now. And when they do, they’ll be coming right for us.”
They all slowly came to the realization that we had to go. I was worried about Maria. She still looked weak. But she would have to cope. There was no alternative.
“OK, so how do we get out of here?” Kim asked.
“I figured we can take the elevator down to the basement levels,” Kenji said. “Down to the car park, and go from there.”
“What if the elevator doesn’t work?”
“Then we can take the stairs.”
“Are you crazy?” Kim said. “With those things running around, I don’t think so.”
“They haven’t broken through yet. We can take the stairs to a lower floor. Take it as low as we can go. If they break in, we’ll be able to hear it. If they break through, then we get out on whatever floor we’re on.”
“And then what?”
“And then we can make our way to the elevator shaft and climb down the rest of the way. I figure the lower we can get before we start climbing the better.”
The idea certainly wasn’t perfect, and I really did not want to climb down an elevator shaft, but there were just no other options. I think Kim was mad because no one listened to her earlier when she tried to warn us about coming up here. And now we were trapped.
Suddenly I noticed the doctor had slipped away. “Hey, where's Doctor West?” I asked.
But no one answered me because they were all arguing about what to do and where to go.
I went looking for him and found him in the master bedroom. He had a phone up to his ear. He hung up when he saw me.
“Phone networks are down,” I said.
“I’m sorry, Rebecca.”
“What for? What did you do? Who did you just call?”
The phone in his hand didn’t look like a normal mobile or cell. It was slightly larger. The antenna was definitely larger.
“I had to tell them,” he said.
“Tell who? What did you tell them?”
“Maria is immune. They need her. We can make an anti-virus. We can find a cure.”
“So we’re being rescued?”
He shook his head. “They’re coming for her,” he said. “The rest of us are expendable.”
“You’re joking, right? You’ve been drinking again and you’re acting all weird, right?”
He looked away. He didn’t answer me.
“You could’ve given us a warning! You could’ve given us time!”
“Rebecca, I'm sorry. I haven't done much right in my life. But this could make it all better. I could save the human race. I could be the savior, the hero. I needed to do this.”
“But they'll kill us! They'll kill us just for being alive, just for knowing what we know! They'll chop us up into little pieces just to make sure we don't talk.”
“I couldn’t risk you running off out there, trying to get as far west as possible. It’s a suicide mission. She’s too valuable.”
I must admit he had a point. But there had to be a better way. Why didn’t he tell us what he was doing? We could’ve figured something out. We would’ve had time. Now we had no time. How long would it take the military to get here? Five minutes? Ten minutes? We were screwed.
I ran back out to the living room. “Guys, we're in serious trouble.”
But again no one was listening, because just then, the light above the elevator doors lit up, the little light that was shaped like an arrow, indicating that someone or something was coming this way.
“Wait a minute. How is that possible?” Maria asked.
“I don’t know,” Kenji said.
“Everyone hide!” Kim shouted.
There was no time. The elevator had arrived. The doors slid open. Kenji dropped to one knee and raised his shotgun. Kim did the same with her handgun. I didn’t know what to expect so I moved as far away from the elevator as possible, making sure Kim and Kenji were between me and the elevator. Jack held onto Maria and followed my lead. A few seconds passed but nothing happened. It appeared to be empty.
“What the hell?” Jack said.
I relaxed slightly. Maybe it was just a glitch in the elevator system? Maybe one of us had accidentally pressed the button without realizing? But then something slid along the floor of the big open-plan living room and came to a stop at the edge of the Alpaca throw rug. Before I could see what it was, a loud bang and a bright flash sent me momentarily blind and deaf and I fell flat on my ass. I squinted, my vision was fuzzy and it was hard to focus but I managed to see two men in black move out of the elevator. They paused for a second and signaled something to each other. One of them threw something further into the room. This was followed by another bang, another flash. And then a gunshot. I could hear Kim screaming in pain and the men in black yelling, “Down! Now! Get down!”
I’d fallen behind the white leather couch and they hadn’t seen me yet. Jack and Maria were crouched there with me. “Oh my God. I think they just shot Kim,” I whispered.
“Where are the others?” one of the men in black said. “Check the rooms. We’re out of here in ninety seconds.”
They were good. They were disciplined. Coordinated. Each move was executed like clockwork. They showed the same ruthless precision they displayed yesterday when they blew up the bridge and the tunnel and all those people.
I was lying on the floor with a face full of Alpaca fur. I could hear Kim crying out in pain. She had definitely been shot. I could see under the couch that she was holding her arm. The blood from her wound was splattered across the expensive throw rug. Kenji was nowhere to be seen.
“What about her?” one of the men asked.
“Bring her with us.”
The men in black were wearing gas masks so you couldn’t tell them apart. They kind of looked like aliens.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Kenji. He stepped out from behind the Kitchen bench. He raised his shotgun in one fluid motion. I closed my eyes because I did not want to watch what happened. The blast from the shotgun sounded like a cannon going off. He must have caught them both with the one shot because two bodies dropped to the ground with a thud.
“Guy’s, let’s go,” he said calmly. “There’ll be more here soon.”
Jack moved over to Kim to help her up.
“I think I’m all right,” she said. “It’s just my arm. Nothing serious.”
I looked at her arm. It was bleeding heavily.
“So where do we go?” Maria asked. “Should we try the elevator?”
“No, they’ll have reinforcements down there,” Kenji said. “We could try the stairs but that’s risky as well.”
“We have to pick one or the other!” I screamed.
A voice spoke from one of the dead soldier’s radios. “Delta one, report.”
“Oh God,” Maria said. “They know something is wrong.”
“Come in, Delta one.”
“We have to try the stairs,” Jack said.
Kenji agreed. “OK, let’s do it,” he said as he relieved the dead soldiers of their guns and ammunition. “We go down as low as possible,” he continued. “If anyone or anything gets in that stairwell with us, we get out on the floor that we’re on. If we run into any soldiers we'll need to take cover behind something solid.”
Kenji went to hand Jack a rifle, but Jack was helping Kim stand up, so he handed it to me. “Just like we practiced, remember?”
I nodded my head even though after my last effort in the morgue I was still unsure of myself.
Kenji moved over to the door to the emergency stairwell. This was definitely an emergency, I thought. He opened the door and as soon as he did we could hear the relentless bashing from the infected all the way down on the ground floor.
“Wait,” Maria said. “What about Doctor West?”
“Forget him,” I said.
“We can’t just leave him here!”
Maria turned to go and get him. She took maybe two steps before something, a grenade, or a rocket blew open the door to the penthouse. The whole door was blown off its hinges and we were all knocked off our feet. Jack and Kim fell into the stairwell and Maria had been thrown almost to the other side of the room.
For a heartbeat I thought she’d been blown to bits. But through all the dust and smoke I could just see Maria rubbing her head and coughing. She was one tough girl. She was immune to killer viruses and miniature explosions.
Before I could breathe a sigh of relief, another man in black stepped into the penthouse. He walked over to Maria, pointing his gun directly at her.
“Stay down!” he shouted.
Another soldier joined him. “She matches the description. Hold your fire.”
Kenji pulled me into the stairwell with the others. The men in black hadn’t seen us yet.
“There’s too many of them,” he whispered. “We have to go.”
We knew we had to leave right then and there but no one moved. We couldn’t just leave Maria. I could see the anguish in Jack’s face. There was no way he was leaving, not unless someone physically pushed him down the stairs.
Luckily, Kenji has this amazing ability to think clearly in life or death situations. Like I said before, it simplifies matters for him. Basically our options were leave now and at least have a chance of surviving, or stay and try and rescue Maria, where we would be outnumbered, butchered and left to rot.
Kenji slammed the door shut as loud as he could to get the soldier’s attention. The noise scared the hell out of us and forced us to move.
“But what about Maria!?” Jack shouted.
“They won’t kill her,” I said. “They know she’s immune. They need her alive.”
Kenji was pushing us down the stairs. Jack reluctantly began to move, helping his sister who was looking worse and worse by the minute. Her arm was still bleeding heavily and it looked like she was about to faint. Kenji told us to keep going as fast as we could. He paused near the top of the stairs. He crouched and aimed his gun directly at the door he had just slammed shut. He waited.
He didn’t have to wait long. Maybe the soldier on the other side of the door didn’t realize we were armed. Or maybe he didn’t realize he was going up against another trained soldier. Whatever the reason, I don’t think he expected to get shot, and I don’t think he expected to get shot through the door. As soon as the door handle began to move, I covered my ears and shut my eyes and Kenji pulled the trigger.
When I opened my eyes, I saw three bullet holes in the wooden door and blood seeping underneath, on to the concrete stairs.
“That should buy us some time,” Kenji said. “Let’s go.”
 
Chapter 36

We made it to the ground floor. Jack and Kim had stopped. I think Kim had completely passed out. She was slumped over on Jack's shoulder.
“What is it?” Kenji asked. “What are you doing?”
“The banging has stopped,” Jack said. “The screaming has stopped. I think they’ve gone.”
“They must have seen something else to get their attention,” Kenji said.
“Probably the other soldiers,” I offered.
Kenji put his ear up to the door. He couldn’t hear anything. He opened the door a crack and peeked outside. “They've definitely cleared out.”
“Do we make a run for it?” I asked.
“Yeah. We have to. We have no choice.”
“Where are we going to go?” Jack asked.
It wasn’t like we had many options. We could run to one of the boats docked in the harbor, or jump in the water and swim for it, or run deeper into the city and choose another building to hide in. But we didn’t even get to discuss those pathetic options because just then something came clinking down the stairwell.
It was tear gas.
“Cover your nose and eyes,” Kenji said as he opened the door and scanned up and down the street with his rifle. “Rebecca,” he said. “Is the safety switched off on your gun?”
“Yeah.”
“Good. I need you to run across the road to that bus stop while I cover you. Once you get to the bus stop, I need you to turn around and cover us as we run across the street.”
I didn't have time to argue so I just ran. I ran as fast as I could with my head down and my shoulders hunched forward. I honestly thought I was going to get shot in the back, but the street outside the building was completely deserted. I don’t know what I was expecting, maybe I was expecting the street to be choked full of infected people. I at least expected to see some helicopters hovering around. But there were no choppers and no jets. No bullet tearing into my back from an unseen sniper.
I made it to the bus stop. I turned around and waved the others forward. I looked up and down the street but there was nothing.
Kenji made it to me first. Jack was a little slower because he was carrying his sister.
“Where are the soldiers?” I asked Kenji. “Why are there no helicopters?”
Kenji shook his head as he continued to scan the streets. “I don't know. I guess it's essentially a rescue mission. They came for Maria. No need for the big guns.”
“Or maybe their resources are stretched too thin,” I said. “Or maybe they're clearing out to drop a nuclear bomb or something?”
Either way it made it a lot easier to get across the road. But just when we thought we were in the clear, another tank came rolling around the corner. It moved slowly, like a giant mechanical beast. It stopped abruptly, its main gun swiveled around towards us. We all dived behind the bus stop. We knew it wouldn't provide much cover but it was better than nothing. The gun kept moving. It pointed down the street, back towards the entrance of the casino. The tank seemed to wait there for a few seconds before it fired multiple rounds. The shells exploded, causing huge potholes and craters in the road and on the side of the casino building.
“What are they firing at?”
Before anyone answered, I could see for myself. The infected came running through the smoke as the tank rolled towards them and fired some more rounds. Decomposing bodies exploded, as the shells from the tank’s massive gun tore into the horde. It was amazing how they had absolutely no regard for their own safety, how they didn’t feel pain, how even when they had their legs blown off they were still clawing their way forward.
The soldiers who were chasing us appeared in the door way of the emergency exit. They spotted us immediately. They were about to start shooting, but then they saw the massive horde of infected people charging towards them and the tank.
“Time to go!” Kenji said. “Head towards the harbor!”
Kenji provided a couple rounds of covering fire as we ran. I looked over my shoulder and saw two of the men in black fall to the ground. The rest of them were taking cover behind the tank.
We made it down to the harbor. I sprinted along the nearest jetty. “We might be able to get away in one of those boats!”
“Pick one!” Jack shouted. “Preferably a fast one.”
As we ran closer I could see we didn't have much of a choice. Most of them had been badly damaged or completely destroyed by the missiles from yesterday.
We kept running, but we couldn’t find a boat.
“We’ll have to try on the other side of the harbor!” I shouted.
We had to run back across the footbridge that we had swam underneath yesterday. It was a distance of about four hundred meters. But when you’re being chased by people with guns who want to shoot you, and other people who want to eat you, it felt a lot further.
When we got to the other side I jumped in the nearest boat that had survived all the carnage. It was only small. But it was sleek and pointy. So it had to be fast. Plus it had two motors on the back of it. And I figured two motors were better than one.
As I untied the rope from the jetty so we could cast off, I saw something in the water. At first I thought it was garbage floating on the surface. But then I realized what it was. There were corpses in the water, hundreds, if not thousands. The water was full of them and some of them were moving.
I was about to throw up.
But Kenji yelled at us to jump in the boat and take cover. There was no time to be sick. I threw the rifle into the boat and jumped in and hid behind the driver’s seat. Jack dived in the back as he held on to Kim and covered her with his body. A second later, a barrage of bullets smashed into the jetty and the surrounding boats.
I crawled over to Jack, afraid to stand up because I didn't want to get my head blown off. “Is Kim all right?” I asked.
“I think she's unconscious. She's losing too much blood,” he said as he took his shirt off and tied it around Kim's arm. He then took his belt off from his jeans and tied that around as well to try and stop the bleeding.
Kenji jumped in the boat with us. He moved over to the driver’s seat. “Oh no,” he said. “No, no, no!”
“What is it?”
“We don't have any keys!”
I don’t know why we didn’t think of keys. Maybe we weren’t thinking straight because we were being shot at with machine guns. Or maybe because our original plan involved stealth, it just completely skipped our minds. But this was no row boat or canoe. Judging by the design; it was a high performance speed machine. And it needed a freakin key to turn its engine.
“Wait, this is a Marina,” Jack said.
“So?” Kenji asked, not following.
“So, it’s basically a car park for boats. Which means the owners would need to leave a set of keys here with the Marina operators in case the operators needed to move the boats for whatever reason.”
“Where would they keep them?” Kenji asked as he looked through the scope on the rifle back towards the footbridge.
“I don’t know. Maybe in an office? Maybe in a lock box of some sort on the actual jetty?”
I was looking up at the footbridge, right where Kenji was looking with his scope. There was a glint of light; something caught the sun’s reflection. Kenji fired a single shot from his rifle. A second later a man in black fell over the edge of the bridge into the water below.
“I’ll go look for them,” Jack said. “You guys keep them back for as long as you can.”
“But there would have to be fifty or more boats here!” I said. “You’ll never find it.”
“If I can’t find them, then we’ll have to retreat further into the city.”
Moving further into the city did not sound like a good idea. Who knows how many infected would be waiting in there?
Kenji fired a few more rounds at the footbridge. “Hurry! We don’t have long.”
“Give me one minute,” he said as he leapt back out of the boat. “Rebecca, what’s the name of the boat?” Jack asked me. “Can you see a logo or brand name or anything?”
I looked but couldn’t see a logo. “No. But the word, ‘fearless’ is written everywhere.”
With that bit of information Jack ran back along the jetty.
Kenji told me to pick up the other rifle and start shooting at the footbridge. “Start shooting,” he said. “It doesn’t matter if you hit anything, but they have to know that we’re firing on them.”
I did exactly what he said. I don’t know if I shot anyone, I probably didn’t, but it seemed to be working. I guess the men in black were sitting back, waiting for us to run out of ammunition.
Less than a minute later, Jack landed back in the boat with a set of keys in his hand.
“Where did you find them?” Kenji asked.
“They were all hanging up together at the other end of the Marina.”
“How do you know they’re the right keys?”
“Because they’re the only ones that say ‘fearless’ on them.”
“OK, let’s not waste any more time. Fire it up,” Kenji said as he moved on to the jetty. He untied the rope and pushed the boat away from the wooden supports.
As the boat began to drift away from the Marina, the pursuing soldiers regrouped on the footbridge. Some of them had even made it on to our side of the harbor. They were beginning to surround us.
“Jack, do you know how to drive this thing?” Kenji asked.
“Yeah. I got it.”
“Good,” he said as he took cover behind the wreckage of another boat. “Go as fast as you can back out towards the main harbor.”
We started to move away from the jetty, further and further. The men in black opened fire once more. Bullets tore through the water and the wooden jetty.
Kenji waited. It looked like he was talking to himself. After about a two second count he returned fire.
I suddenly realized that he didn’t intend on coming with us.
“Kenji! What are you doing?”
“Rebecca!” he called out while taking cover. “Stay down!”
“Come on, you can make it! You have to make it. Jump!”
But he didn’t budge. He simply reloaded. The soldiers intensified their shooting. Kenji remained calm. He finished reloading and waited. When the shooting stopped, Kenji returned fire and took out three more men in black.
I was screaming and yelling at Kenji to get in the boat. I think I was about to jump overboard but Jack grabbed me and wrestled me on to the floor. He told me that it would be all right. He told me as soon as we were clear Kenji would get on another boat and come after us.
But I knew he was lying. There's no way Kenji could catch up with us. This was the last boat. It took me a few minutes but I finally came to terms with what he was doing. He was saving us. He was sacrificing himself.
I had to look away. It was too painful to watch him on that jetty all by himself, with ruthless, mercenary soldiers and an unstoppable plague closing in all around him.
Jack turned the key in the ignition and the motor roared to life. He pushed the throttle to the limit and I was thrown backwards. The nose of the boat pointed to the sky as we accelerated to top speed. I regained my balance and brushed my hair out of my face. The boat we had chosen was definitely fast. We seemed to skim along the top of the water; the city was a blur as we passed it by. In a matter of seconds we turned out of Darling Harbor and headed for the ruins of the bridge.
 
Chapter 37

I yelled at Jack, asking him if we should be going the other way, if we should be going inland instead of out to sea but he couldn’t hear me over the engine and the wind.
I looked up ahead to see if there were any aircraft carriers or destroyers anchored in the harbor. But there was nothing. We had the entire harbor to ourselves. Even the skies were clear. There were no helicopters of death, no jets. The only birds of prey were two sea eagles circling high above. It looked like the military had fallen back completely. This was good news for our getaway but it could also mean they were getting ready to drop a nuclear bomb. Kenji said they would do it if they had no other choice, if they couldn’t control the spread of infection. He said they’d already used nukes at Woomera.
We passed underneath the destroyed remains of the bridge. The sight of it took my breath away because it looked so surreal and I felt like I should’ve died there.
Thankfully we moved on quickly. We must have been travelling close to a hundred miles an hour. I started to relax a little the closer we got to the open sea, even though I wasn’t really sure where we’d go. I thought we should at least get out of Sydney harbor, out past Sydney heads. We could move up the coast, avoiding major cities, avoiding the military. It would take a miracle.
We hadn’t even made it to the heads, when Jack started talking to himself.
“I need to save her,” he said. “I have to go back for her. I have to. I can’t leave. I can’t let them touch her.”
“What are you talking about?”
“He needs me. He doesn’t know his way around the city. He needs me. I know the city. I can help him.”
Jack asked me if I could drive the boat. “All you have to do is keep the throttle down and steer. It’s just like steering a car.”
“What? What are you doing? I can’t steer! I don’t even have my driver’s license!”
“I have to go back for her,” he said as he slowed the boat.
I tried to stop him but he was too strong. He pushed me back and told me not to come after him. He told me to get his sister to safety. Get her fixed.
Kim was lying unconscious on the back seat. She had been passed out for a while now. But at least Jack’s make shift bandaged had stopped the bleeding from the bullet wound.
“I’m trusting you with her life,” he said.
“Bastard!”
He dived out of the boat and started swimming. Strong powerful shoulders pumped through the water. He was heading straight back into the apocalypse. I watched him until I couldn’t see him anymore.
 
Epilogue

I can’t even really remember what happened next. Maybe it’s because I was essentially alone. I think I started to go a little crazy. Like Norman Bates said in the movie, ‘Psycho’, ‘We all go a little mad sometimes’. And being alone at sea is enough to drive anyone mad.
We travelled up the coast. I was too scared to go to shore. We eventually ran out of fuel so we floated with the current for a while. I found some plastic oars in the storage compartment of the boat so I started paddling.
I was tempted to row to shore a few times to find help, or at least find drinkable water, but all up the coast, smoke was drifting into the air. It was an all too familiar sign of death and destruction.
I got tired quickly. I hadn't eaten much the past couple of days. I tried to drop anchor but it didn't reach the ocean floor. We must’ve drifted further out then I'd thought. So we floated. We were lucky that the weather was fine. The swells were calm and there was no wind, no rain.
Eventually we were picked up by a coal ship. They wouldn't let us on board because they were too scared that we were infected. I couldn’t blame them. I would’ve done the same thing.
But lucky for us they did throw down a rope so they could tow us along. I guess that was a miracle in itself. They even dropped food and water down to us.
Kim had been drifting in and out of consciousness. And whenever she did wake, all she would ask for was water. I didn’t think about it at the time but there’s no doubt we would’ve been close to death by dehydration.
We finally made it back to dry ground. The coal ship had taken us to New Zealand because they had set up a quarantine facility for survivors. We were the only ones there.
They took Kim away for emergency surgery. Apparently her arm had gotten pretty bad.
I was isolated. I’m not sure what they did with Kim, but I was stripped naked and hosed down. They rinsed and repeated. They shaved my head, took blood samples.
After a week in solitary confinement they gave me the all clear and I was extradited back to America. I was screaming before I got on the plane. I was demanding to know where Kim was. What had they done with her? But they said she was still in quarantine. They said because she had an open wound she would be in there a lot longer. I had convinced myself that they were lying to me. I was so angry. They ended up giving me an injection of something to calm me down for the flight.
As soon as I stepped off the plane at LAX, I was pounced on by the media. The first thing that struck me was how little the rest of the world knew about what had happened. We live in the information age. The age of satellite television, the internet, social networking, and yet they barely knew the half of it.
Reporters and journalists shoved cameras and microphones in my face as I was rushed through the airport.
“Are the rumors true? Is there really a killer virus? Are people really coming back from the dead? Are people really turning into zombies?”
I don't know if they were zombies but I guess it was just easier to call them that. “Yeah,” I said. “It was messed up.”
“And yet somehow you survived. The only survivor of the entire Australian population.”
“Yeah,” I said because I was already starting to distance myself from the others and I honestly thought that Kim had died in New Zealand.
“How did you do it? What was it like knowing you couldn’t leave? Knowing there was no outside help allowed to come in?”
“It was awful,” I said. “The most terrifying experience of my life.”
The media storm was intense but I was glad for it. It meant that the military or whoever was trying to cover up the whole incident couldn't just come and take me away and do whatever they wanted to do. It also meant that I could tell the world what had happened down there.
I don’t know how long I’d locked myself in the bathroom for. I tend to lose track of time a lot now.
They were banging on the door.
“Rebecca, please let us in! We have something to tell you.”
I think it’s the producer.
I look at the notepad in my lap. It’s completely full. Every page. The entire side of my right hand is covered in black ink.
“I don’t think I can do the interview,” I say.
“Wait. Before you make any rash decisions I think you should listen to this.”
She plays a recording through the bathroom door. It sends shivers down my spine. I hold my breath.
It was Kenji.
“Mayday! Mayday! If anyone is out there, we are survivors of the Oz Virus. We are not infected. Repeat, we are not infected. We are trapped in the middle of Sydney. We have a survivor here who has shown immunity to the virus. She may hold the key to a cure.”
My heart skips a beat and almost explodes in my chest. They're alive.
I can hear a whole bunch of static. I can hear running footsteps. And then I hear the screaming howl of the infected.
“Kenji! We have to go!” It was Jack.
I can hear Kenji’s ragged, frantic breathing. “If anyone is listening, Please send help. Please.”
The recording ends abruptly.
I can't believe it. Somehow they’ve survived. Against all odds they’ve made it deeper into the city, to another hiding spot. At that moment I want to get back there.
“Rebecca, please,” says Steve the journalist. “This story is huge. We need you.”
I stand up and open the bathroom door. The producer and the journalist look anxious, strung out. They look scared. It's as if hearing the recording, hearing all the screams of the infected has made everything more real. “I’ll do the interview," I say. "On one condition."
“Anything you want. Name your price.”
“I don't want money. I want you to get me back to Australia.”
“What? You want to go back?"
"That's right."
"Why?"
"I need to get my friends."
"We can’t make that deal,” says the producer. “You know we can’t.”
“As soon as I do this interview, as soon as the world hears that transmission, there’ll be a rescue mission organized. I want to be part of that rescue mission.”
I can't believe the words coming out of my mouth. Who do I think I am? I'm not Rambo. I'm not Superman. I have no idea what good I’d be on a rescue mission. I’d probably just get in the way. But I feel like I should be with my friends. It feels weird that I'm the only one who made it out. I sort of feel guilty, like I have abandoned them or betrayed them.
I convince myself that I need to get back there, that it's the only way to make things right. I’ll do the interview and blow this thing, this secret apocalypse wide open. And then I’ll do everything I possibly can to help them. And if that means flying right back into the living hell that is now Sydney, then so be it.
There’s no place I’d rather be.
 
 
###
 
 
OUT NOW

Extinction Level

Book 2 in The Secret Apocalypse series

Where the Dead Men Lie 

Book 3 in The Secret Apocalypse series

Torn Apart

Book 4 in The Secret Apocalypse series

Salvation

Book 5 in the Secret Apocalypse series

The Lost Journal

(A Secret Apocalypse Story)

The Lost Journal Part 2


Coming Soon

A World on Fire

Book 6 in The Secret Apocalypse Series


For more info visit http://jamesharden.blogspot.com/
 
The following is an excerpt from Extinction Level – Book 2 in THE SECRET APOCALYPSE series.

I’m not overly religious. I’m not even sure I believe in God anymore. Or any sort of higher power. How could I, after everything that I’ve seen? After everything that we’ve been through? But today I’ve been thinking a lot about baptism for some weird reason. Baptism by submersion in particular. The one where the person is dunked all the way under the water.
My mother once told me that this ritual represents the death, burial and resurrection of a person. When you go into the water, this is the death and burial of your old sinful life. When you come out of the water, it’s the resurrection of your new life.
I don’t know why I'm thinking about this. Maybe I feel like I’ve changed. Maybe I feel like I've died and resurrected.
This past month has been so exhausting, emotionally and physically. So much has happened in such a short amount of time. It feels like forever ago I gave the globally televised interview in that ridiculous penthouse suite in Los Angeles. The interview that was supposed to be an exclusive 'tell all'. What a joke.
It was two days after the interview and I found myself alone and desperate. The penthouse suite I’d been staying in, the suite where I gave the interview was now empty.
There was no television crew, no producer, no award winning journalist.
It was just me and a laptop and a webcam.
I looked at the tiny square image of myself on the computer screen but I barely recognized the girl staring back. She had short, shaved hair and sunken eyes from lack of sleep. I ran my hand over my scalp and tried not to think about how I cried like a little girl when they shaved it off in that lonely quarantine facility in New Zealand.
When I think about how I acted, I feel guilty and ashamed that I cried over losing my hair. It seems so insignificant. People lost so much more than that.
I guess I was lucky to be back in civilization at that point in time. I was far away from the hellish apocalypse that had consumed Sydney and the rest of Australia. I was a refugee in Los Angeles; the city of angels, one of the largest cities in the world.
Home to millions of people.
Millions.
But I’d never felt so alone. Not even when my father disappeared in the mountains of Afghanistan.
So it had been two days since I gave the globally televised interview. Two days since I heard Kenji’s voice on the radio transmission, telling whoever was listening that they were not infected, that they were hiding in the middle of Sydney. That Maria was with him and she was immune.
I couldn’t get his voice out of my head. It was full of fear and desperation. It was a never-ending echo in my mind.
After I heard that transmission I wanted to go back. I wanted to jump right back into the fire. It wasn't like I thought I could save them and be a hero. I just thought I should be there with them, come what may. I wanted to face whatever evils were lurking in that city and I wanted to face them together. If we died, we died.
I tried to bargain with the powers to be to let me in on whatever rescue mission they were planning, if they were even planning one at all. But they denied me. Of course they did. Who in their right mind would let a sixteen year old girl into an apocalyptic war zone?
But the waiting and the not knowing was unbearable, especially after the initial excitement and relief of hearing their voices. I mean, I just wanted to know that my friends were safe, that they were still alive. I knew a lot could happen in two days. A lot could happen in two hours.
There was so much I didn't know and the uncertainty of it all was driving me insane. I didn’t even know how they managed to get out of Darling Harbor unscathed. And just how the hell did Jack get all the way back into the city? I think in the deepest, darkest corner of my mind, I thought he would’ve died trying to get back to Darling Harbor after he jumped out of our escape boat.
When he pushed me back and jumped overboard I thought he had completely lost it. But I understand now. I understand there was no way he was ever going to leave Sydney. Not without Maria, not without knowing what had happened to her. I’ve tried to put myself in Jack’s shoes, I’ve tried to imagine what it must’ve been like to swim all the way back into the city, running through the streets in the small chance that he would find Kenji. Alive. And the even smaller chance they would find out what had happened to Maria. And just what did he think he was going to do when he got there? Was he going to take on the might of the military all by himself?
What would he say to Kenji? “Hey, Kenji, cover me. I’m going in.”
Yeah, right.
But he did make it back. He did find Kenji. And then they found Maria.
Something big must have happened. Something huge.
The military, or whoever those men in black were, had captured Maria. So all they had to do was airlift her to a secure location, and hey presto we have the cure, or anti-virus, or whatever. But they didn’t make it that far; they didn’t even get her out of the city.
That was an unsettling thought. How did the military lose her? Was it so bad now that even the men in black and the military with all their tanks and fighter jets and Apache helicopters and bombs - with all of that, they couldn't even airlift and extract one little girl?
I had no idea what had happened. And it was awful not knowing, like someone was twisting a serrated knife in my stomach.
So for two days I'd been stressing out and freaking out and losing my mind. I was trying not to think the worst but failing miserably.
And the globally televised interview did not help the situation as I had hoped. In fact it did the exact opposite.
Initially, I wanted to let people know what was happening. And at the very least I wanted to tell people about my friends. I wanted to make sure they weren't forgotten. But I slowly came to the realization during the interview, that I was being used. I was a pawn in this weird game of chess the military and the US government were playing with the global public. I was being used to calm the people watching, to calm the rest of the world. But worst of all, I was being used to spread misinformation. I was a puppet and I was forced to paint a picture that said, ‘everything will be all right. The guys in charge have this one under control’.
Ignorance is bliss, right?
In a weird way, I could sort of understand their reasoning. It was simple. They didn't want a global-wide panic on their hands. They didn't want to scare people more than they already were. And believe me, people were scared.
The rumors and stories that kept appearing on the internet, on blogs and on Twitter about the ‘super virus’ that turned people into zombies were enough to do it. People were already starting to freak out.
Now that I look back, I think the whispered rumors that scared people the most, were the ones about how the virus robbed a person of their humanity - that it took away their soul. No one wants to believe that death is absolute, that there is no after life. People want to believe their souls live on forever in heaven, or wherever. But the Oz virus confronted people with their mortality, with death. Not just death of the body, but death of the soul, the spirit. Complete and absolute. And that scared the hell out of people. Scared the hell out of me.
But the interview was a joke. It was horrible. I felt like they had my throat in a choke hold and my arm twisted behind my back, with my shoulder joint on the verge of popping out of its socket. To say it was a painful experience would be a massive understatement. And afterwards I felt dirty. And sick. But what could I do?
They had threatened me to keep quiet. They told me if I talked, they couldn’t guarantee the safety of my friends when and if they found them.
What choice did I have?
So the interview was censored by the military. Basically, as soon as they found out about the radio transmission from Kenji, they controlled everything. I was forced to give only a partial account of what happened.
They had a government advisor in the room. He introduced himself as the Public Relations Manager for the United States Military. He always, without fail, had his hair slicked back with about a gallon of hair gel. And he always wore way too much cologne. My God, the cologne this guy wore, it would bring a tear to your eye and sting the back of your throat. He was a man who was overly conscious of his appearance. But I guess that was why he worked in public relations. 
Wherever this guy went, he was escorted by two armed soldiers.
They arrived at the penthouse suite about five minutes before we were scheduled to start broadcasting. They made sure that Steve the journalist only asked approved questions. It was a matter of national security they said. The order had come directly from the President. They didn’t want me to cause a panic.
Or riots.
Or a rebellion.
I wasn't allowed to talk about who I thought was responsible or how it started or the massacre at the Sydney Harbor Bridge. I wasn't allowed to talk about Doctor West or Doctor Hunter and the so called 'holy trinity'. I wasn’t allowed to talk about being tied to a bed in a hospital morgue, about to have my organs harvested for research, or being chased by men in black with machine guns. I wasn’t allowed to mention Kim and how she made it to the New Zealand quarantine facility with me. I wasn't even allowed to talk about Maria, how she may hold the key to a cure.
They also made sure I told everyone that people infected with the Oz Virus were not zombies. That people weren’t dying and coming back from the dead. They made me repeat this multiple times. Apparently, when I was swamped by reporters at the airport, when I first arrived back in the country, I’d inadvertently told everyone that people were turning into zombies.
That was a big mistake. 
So I needed to tell everyone it was a virus. Like a flu virus. Like Bird flu or Swine flu. And as such, a cure could be developed. And all those infected people could be saved.
They forced me to tell the world that the death toll was unconfirmed and any initial reports that twenty-two million people, that the entire population of Australia had been wiped out, was massively and grossly exaggerated.
It was all lies.
For as long as I live, the death toll could never be exaggerated. Twenty-two million people. Each with their own story, their own dreams and goals and ambitions were now gone.
There was no saving them.
And no one knew what the Oz virus did. Not even Doctor Hunter or Doctor West and they created the damn thing. It may have killed people and brought them back to life, it may have been a type of rabies, or mad cow disease. Who knows? Doctor West said the virus mutated and changed quicker than they could keep track.
So they forced me and everyone in the room to sign confidentiality agreements. If we talked we would be charged with treason. We would be locked up without question. They would throw away the key. The producer of the show and the guy who found the transmission from Kenji were taken away for ‘questioning’.
All I was allowed to talk about was how I got out.
The boat ride.
Nearly dying of thirst.
The New Zealand quarantine facility.
The worst part was they confiscated the notepad I had filled with my story. Top secret it was, apparently.
Billions of people tuned in worldwide because they needed to know what was going on in Australia. Because they wanted the truth.
So much for that idea.
After the interview I was mad. I was furious. I was seeing red. And I guess I wasn't thinking straight.
I'd been stewing for two days, alone, in the penthouse suite.
So I came up with a plan. A crazy, stupid plan.
I sat down in front of the laptop. I turned the webcam on and made eye contact with the little lens built into the computer monitor.
I pressed record and took a deep breath. “My name is Rebecca Robinson,” I whispered. “I am a survivor of the Australian Apocalypse, the so called, Secret Apocalypse. I don’t quite know how to say this... it’s just so messed up."
I coughed and choked. And for a second I thought I was going to break down in tears but I held myself together.
“I want to tell you everything. Everything that happened to me and my friends but I’m not sure where to begin.”
I thought about the massacre at the bridge, Doctor West’s chilling confession about how they tested on refugees. But I held my tongue. Telling everyone all this right now would do more harm than good. The PR guy was right. It probably would cause riots and protests and more chaos. I didn't want any more violence. I didn't want any more deaths.
The military didn’t need to be vilified. Because right now, there was still hope. They were the only ones who could save Maria; they could still fix this thing.
God, I hope they could fix this thing.
“The interview I gave two days ago wasn’t completely accurate,” I continued. “The Oz Virus. It’s bad. It’s worse than anyone can imagine. The military forces, the Australian government and authorities couldn’t contain it. They couldn’t stop it. The virus is too fast and there is no cure. At least, not yet.”
My eyes filled with tears as I thought about Maria and what she meant to the world. And what she would need to sacrifice in the near future.
“I’m going to tell you just how bad it is down there. You need to know this. There’s no point in sugar coating it. There’s no point in hiding the truth. There’s no point in lying. You need to know that in less than two weeks, the Oz virus spread right around Australia. You need to know that once a person becomes infected with the virus, they turn. They change. I told reporters at the airport I thought they were zombies because that was just the easiest way to describe them and that’s genuinely what they look like. You need to know this. You need to know that twenty-two million people are dead because of the Oz virus. And if it gets out, if it spreads beyond the borders of Australia, you need to know that it will be game over for the rest of the world.”
As I was describing the virus, an apocalyptic image of the world inhabited by the infected flashed through my mind and a cold shiver ran down my spine.
“But most importantly you need to know that I’m not the only survivor. There are four others. They are my friends. And if it wasn’t for them, I wouldn’t be here.”
I swallowed some excess saliva and ran my hand over my scalp.
“Kim Richards escaped with me. She's recovering from a bullet wound to her arm in a quarantine facility in New Zealand. Private Kenji Yoshida of the United States Marines also survived. He is hiding in a building in the middle of Sydney with Jack Richards and Maria Marsh. They didn't make it to New Zealand but they are alive. They are not infected. But they are surrounded by the infected. Two days ago we heard a radio transmission, an S.O.S from Kenji. The transmission said that they are alive and that they have Maria Marsh."
I paused and took the time to choose my words. "They have Maria Marsh," I repeated. "This is important. It’s important because Maria is immune to the virus. Maybe the only person in the world who is immune. If the military can get back into Sydney, they could save her; they could create an anti-virus and stop this plague before it spreads to the rest of the world.
“I’m telling you this not to scare you, but to inform you. We need to work together to fix this. There is still hope.”
I wanted to say something else, something cool like ‘may the force be with you’ or ‘the power is yours’. But I couldn't think of anything. So I ended it there.
I posted the clip on YouTube. It went viral so to speak, and spread around the world from computer to computer as fast as the Oz virus spread from person to person. The video was only online for forty-five minutes. But in that time it generated over two million views. It was my confession, I guess.
I realized I was probably going to get in some serious trouble but I no longer cared what happened to myself. I no longer cared if I lived or died. That was not important. The only thing that mattered was Maria. And the truth.
People didn't need misinformation, they didn't need someone to tell them that it would be all right, that it was all a bad dream. They needed the cold, dirty, horrifying truth.
Forty-five minutes after I posted the video online it was taken down.
And then five minutes after that, the soldiers were at my door.

Chapter 1

The day after the YouTube incident I was put under 'observation', which basically meant I was on house arrest. Or penthouse arrest, if you will. I was acutely aware they could've killed me right then and there but they needed me, they were in damage control.
They also assigned me a ‘personal bodyguard’. They said it was for my protection. Apparently after the interview and the YouTube clip I’d become a bit of a celebrity. Kids all over and girls especially had started shaving their heads and were posting their own confessions online. In some circles I was even a bit infamous. Certain religious cults thought I was a demon and that I had caused the apocalypse, that I was the bringer of Judgment Day.
But I knew the real reason why the military had assigned me a bodyguard. He was there to keep an eye on me. To make sure I didn’t pull off any more stupid stunts. They wanted to keep me quiet. Not about the actual Oz virus but about the lengths the military went to contain the spread of infection.
When they introduced me to the bodyguard, they built him up like he was some sort of superhero. The PR guy was there, making sure we all shook hands and got along. His hair was slicked back with a bucket of hair gel or maybe even children's tears. OK, maybe that's going a bit far. But it would not have surprised me if that's what he used to style his hair with, if you could even call it styling.
The PR guy motioned for us to shake hands. "This is Daniel Hudson,” he said. “He's served in the navy and with Special Forces all over the world. He has the Medal of Honor, awarded to him for going above and beyond the call of duty. At nineteen years of age, he is one of the youngest soldiers to ever receive the medal. He’s one of the world’s greatest warriors."
The PR guy left the room so we could get to know one another.
I looked him up and down. "One of the world’s greatest warriors, huh?"
Daniel was scratching the back of his head, watching the PR guy as he left the room. "Uh, apparently. Man, that guy wears a lot of cologne.”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” I said. “So how'd you score this job? You must've drawn the short straw or something.”
“Hey, this is a pretty important gig. You know a lot. And knowledge is power. Therefore, you’re one powerful girl.”
He took me by surprise with that answer. But then again, maybe he had been told to say that if I asked. Maybe he was just following a script.
Daniel was a typical soldier I guess. He was fit, strong. Not overly muscular like you see in the action movies. He was built more like a tri-athlete than a Sylvester Stallone or an Arnold Schwarzenegger. He had shaggy, dark blonde hair and he walked very upright, like he was always marching or standing at attention.
But apart from the fact he was easy on the eyes; the best thing about him was he had a relaxed sense of humor. He was an easy going kind of guy. He sort of reminded me of Jack in that sense.
For the first two days he didn’t say much. And we didn’t leave the penthouse suite. Then I started to get restless. I hadn't been able to sleep much and even though the penthouse was huge, I felt like I was suffocating. I needed to get out. To my surprise, Daniel agreed. So we went out to the movies, out to restaurants and diners.
In a weird way, it was kind of like we were dating. The movies were good. They kept me distracted and occupied. Especially the movie marathon sessions that went all night. My favorite was the ‘Jackass’ series. We originally went to see the ‘Matrix’ trilogy but I freaked out when people started dying, when Morpheus tells Neo that the skies had been scorched and people had been reduced to batteries. So we left that session and snuck into the ‘Jackass’ marathon. That was much better. Completely and perfectly stupid and ridiculous.
During the week, whenever we went out, Daniel used everything he had learnt during his time in the Special Forces to avoid the paparazzi. The photographers were always hanging around out the front of the hotel, waiting to ambush me. The way they swarmed together reminded me of the infected. But thanks to Daniel, they never even knew whether we were coming or going. We were invisible, we were ghosts.
At certain times I felt guilty about enjoying myself. And whenever I was eating out at a nice restaurant I couldn’t help but wonder what my friends were eating, or if they had even found food or drinkable water. Then inevitably my thoughts would always turn to whether or not they were even alive. 
It was easier not to think about it. To accept…
One particularly miserable night, Daniel suggested we go out. It was raining heavily; it may have even been hailing. But he said this was the best time to make a move. The paparazzi won't be out in this weather. No one will be chasing us. And even if they were out in this weather, the visibility was so poor they wouldn’t be able to see us. He told me it was a technique they used in the Special Forces. Bad weather was a good ally. It provided the perfect cover and concealment.
Towards the end of the week, I suggested we go to the shooting range because I felt like that would make me feel better or something. I dunno. But it use to help. Back when I was getting over the loss of my father, back when I use to spend time with Kenji and he would teach me all kinds of martial arts and cool stuff like shooting and how to fight with a knife. Weirdly enough, shooting became like an active form of meditation and recovery. And again, Daniel agreed without complaint to take me.
And he was impressed with my skills.
Best of all he didn't try and tell me I was doing it all wrong or that I needed to do it his way. He respected me. I guess he was taken by surprise that a sixteen year old girl could handle a gun and actually hit the target. I guess I was taken by surprise as well. I thought he was going to be a jerk. I thought he was going to be a bad guy like those men in black who had captured Maria and were authorized to use deadly force against the rest of us.
But he wasn’t. He was a good guy. A great guy.
And he knew I was struggling.
I'm not sure when it happened exactly, but after the interview and the YouTube incident, I slowly began giving up on my friends. Well, maybe not giving up, it was more like I began accepting that I may never see them ever again. Those first few days back in civilization felt like an eternity.
Every second, every minute of waiting and not knowing was torture.
I was so confused. My emotions were all over the place. One minute I was over the top positive and infinitely hopeful. I was so sure, beyond a shadow of a doubt that my friends were alive. They were survivors; I knew that from experience, from the three days we spent on the run from the infected and the military, right in the heart of Sydney.
If they survived that, they could survive anything, right?
But then the next minute I would be down in the dumps. I’d be convinced they were done for. There was no way they could survive in that environment. No freakin way. 
I guess trying to accept that they were dead was easier for me. Less painful. The small hope that they were alive was driving me insane. I had to be realistic. What chance did they have of surviving in the middle of Sydney, when the military couldn't even survive there? And even if the men in black or the military did 'rescue', them what's stopping them from killing Jack and Kenji on the spot? What’s stopping the military from leaving them to rot, or feeding them to the ever growing horde of the infected? What’s stopping them from cutting up Maria into tiny pieces to be studied from Petri dishes and test tubes? I had convinced myself there was no chance.
I felt so alone. I had no friends, no family. Did my mother make it out? Was she alive? Maybe they got all the nurses and doctors out on an aircraft carrier or something. But I knew the odds were not good. And even though I'd heard my friend’s voices just a couple of days ago, I couldn't be sure if they were still alive. I was such a mess inside.
So accepting their deaths and moving on, or at least trying to move on, was easier for me.
At that point in time I was glad the military had assigned me a bodyguard. Daniel was the only thing keeping me together. Hanging out with him made me feel normal, like I wasn't under house arrest, like my friends weren't dead and I wasn't the sole survivor of an apocalyptic virus.
One night I woke up at about 3am, screaming and drenched in a cold sweat. The damn sleeping pills they’d given me weren’t working. I went out to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water and to up my dosage.
I found Daniel’s laptop on the kitchen bench. It was open. There were a couple of images on the screen. One was a satellite image of Australia. It showed a huge red cloud, or storm that covered pretty much the entire country.
“Hey, are you all right?” Daniel asked from behind me.
I jumped and spun around at the same time. “Jesus! You scared the hell out of me.”
He moved over to the computer and turned it off. “Sorry. What are you doing up so late?”
“Couldn’t sleep. What was that?” I asked, motioning towards the computer.
“Nothing. Just a few satellite images the military has released.”
“Oh.”
I wanted to ask him a million questions then. Did he think my friends were alive? Did he know? But I didn’t say anything. I felt strangely exposed, standing there in my pajamas. I was just about to get my bottle of water and go back to bed when Daniel did the weirdest thing.
He kissed me.
And I don’t just mean a kiss good night, because that would’ve been just as weird and just as awkward, but I mean a real kiss. A heart stopping, toe curling kind of kiss.
He leant forward kind of awkwardly, like he was going to pull out at the last second. But then he closed his eyes and just went for it. At first I didn’t know what was going on.
Was this against some sort of law? How old was he? Nineteen? I was sixteen turning seventeen. It wasn't that bad, right? It wasn't wrong, was it? And then all of a sudden I didn't care if it was wrong because it felt so freakin good.
After a few heartbeats, Daniel stepped back and apologized immediately. He had this weird look on his face like he’d been bewitched or put under a spell. He was dazed and confused and worried all at the same time.
And then his phone rang. He looked at the screen on his phone and swore. He then looked at me and apologized again. He answered the phone. I could hear him talking in a hushed tone as he walked down the corridor to the elevator.
I was left standing in the kitchen, wondering what the hell had just happened and whether or not I was dreaming.
The next day I asked if we could go to the shooting range again. I felt like it was the only thing that could sufficiently distract me and occupy my mind. I figured it would help me get over that brief moment of insanity or whatever it was.
So we went to the shooting range one last time. We ended up spending the entire afternoon there. I didn't even realize we were there for that long. We had the whole place to ourselves.
It would've been about six o'clock when Daniel said we had to go. But I wasn't ready to leave just yet. I wanted to get a few more shots off. I hadn't been able to get in the zone.
I aimed the handgun I was using, a berretta I think it was, at the black target hanging up thirty yards away. I held my breath. I heard Kenji’s voice in my head, 'squeeze the trigger. Don’t pull.’
I fired one round and it pierced the paper target a few inches left of the bull’s-eye.
I was having trouble focusing, which was weird, because I felt like I’d really been improving this past week. And when I used to practice in Kenji's basement I could always hit the bull's-eye whenever I concentrated hard enough.
Kenji was such a good teacher, an eternally patient teacher.
I think I was being extra hard on myself that day because maybe I was preparing for the worst case scenario, the day when the virus spread to the rest of the world and completely took over. I wanted to be ready. I did not want to end up infected, a walking corpse.
And after I froze up in the hospital morgue, when that soldier begged me to put him out of his misery, I quickly learnt the difference between practice and real life. It's hard to even think about what that soldier asked me to do, what I needed to do. After that incident, I was determined to get better. So it was more of a reflex than a conscious act.
I fired another shot and barely even clipped the target.
Then again, maybe I was being hard on myself because of what happened the night before, because I kissed Daniel.
The next shot missed completely. Yep, it was official. My mind was a mess.
It was that damn kiss. I felt weird. I felt different.
Daniel moved over to my booth and reminded me that it was closing time and we had to go. I could feel his eyes watching me from behind. And it was distracting.
I put the hand gun down on the shelf and picked up a bolt action rifle. Kenji once told me that this old, simple rifle was a favorite for hunters and snipers. It was reliable, accurate and deadly.
I reached for the control panel in my little booth that adjusted the distance of the target. I pressed the button that moved it further back down the shooting range to a distance of one hundred yards.
I shouldered the rifle and took aim. I concentrated on my breathing. And without even realizing it, I started to recite the Marines Rifle Code. Kenji used to say it all the time. He would even sing it sometimes, or turn it into this stupid freestyle rap thing where he would do this impression of Snoop Dogg.
I whispered the code to myself under my breath as I squeezed the trigger. "This is my rifle."
Bang.
I didn't check to see if I hit the target. I just reloaded.
I remembered when Kenji taught it to me, right before he left for military school, right before he ran away and joined the Marines. I didn't pay it any attention at the time, but now that I look back, maybe he already knew he'd be leaving for military school. Maybe he was already planning on his escape to the Marine Corps.
I took another deep breath. Aimed. "There are many others like it."
Bang.
"But this one..."
I paused. Closed my eyes. I saw the eyes of dying men, of dead men. I opened my eyes.
"This one is mine."
Boom.
I exhaled slowly. Time had completely stopped. I felt warm. My fingers were tingling. Daniel was standing next to me. He pushed the button that retrieved the target. All three shots were dead center, straight through the bull’s-eye.
Daniel whistled his approval. "So who taught you how to shoot?"
I didn't answer him. I hadn't been able to look him in the eyes all day. I felt like such an idiot. Just as I was wondering how the hell we were going to get past this awkwardness, he confronted me.
"Rebecca, I’m sorry about last night. It was wrong to take advantage of you like that. I wasn't thinking straight. It's just that... you're such a great person. You’re so strong."
Why were guys always apologizing to me? And what did he mean by taking advantage? I’m pretty sure I kissed him back.
I turned to face him. "Don’t apologize. You didn’t take advantage. I’m not some stupid girl who doesn’t know any better. I kissed you back." I paused, trying to think of the right words. “But it’s just not right. The timing and everything. We can’t do that. Not when so much is going wrong." And not when Kenji could still be alive, I thought to myself.
Daniel’s phone rang and he answered it immediately. “Yes, sir. She's right here. Got it. We’ll be there in ten.”
“What is it?”
Daniel ran his hands through his shaggy blonde hair. Since yesterday he had been looking more and more stressed out. Maybe that’s why he kissed me. Maybe it was the stress. 
“The military have organized a press conference,” he said. “And they want you front and center. They’re about to announce their rescue plan to the world.”
“Rescue plan?” I asked.
“Yeah. They’re going back in. They’re going to rescue Maria Marsh."

Chapter 2

The news hit me in the chest. Hard.
I couldn't believe it. The military were announcing their rescue plan. And they were announcing it to the world. Whatever happened to 'top secret’? A matter of national security? I guess my YouTube stunt had forced them into action. And now they were finally breaking their media silence.
But what did this mean for my friends? Did it mean the military knew they were alive?
Did they know where they were hiding?
How? How did they know this?
I felt like I was setting myself up for more disappointment, more heart ache. But I couldn't help it. My spirits were immediately lifted. The small light of hope for my friend's survival had been all but extinguished. But now, after the announcement of a rescue plan, it was a full on raging inferno deep inside my belly.
They were going to rescue Maria. And they were telling the world about it. This was good news. It had to be.
The military were the only ones who could do it. They had the man power and the resources. And now that they were about to tell the world; the world would demand results. The world would hold them accountable for their success or for their failure.
They knew this. They had to. Which meant they were confident in their ability to achieve this goal, they were confident the rescue would be a success.
Maybe they had already rescued her. Maybe this was all a ploy to make themselves look good, to win back the public’s trust. So in a couple of days or whenever they could say something like, ‘the rescue mission was a success! We have Maria Marsh and our best scientists and doctors are working on an anti-virus as we speak!’
The more I thought about this flight of fantasy the more I started to believe it. In my mind the plan made perfect sense. They knew the public would expect results. So announcing it after they had already rescued her meant there was no risk of failure.
But then again, maybe they were just acting because I had forced their hand. Maybe they could no longer hold their silence.
This line of reasoning was enough to keep me worried.
Why? I don't know. Maybe it was because the military had already failed once. Maybe it was because they had failed so completely, and so quickly lost control of the situation there. But they would learn from their mistakes, right? They would get in and out before they could be surrounded or swarmed or overrun. They wouldn't take any risks.
It would be a simple rescue mission. In and out.
And I guess it would be easier for the military to find Maria this time around since the last time we were hiding from them and trying to run away. All they had to do was take a short chopper ride in and extract them from the area.
In and out.
It was a simple plan with a simple goal.
The press conference was held at the 'Staples Center’. I think I remember something about how they had to post-pone a basketball game between the Lakers and the Celtics. Fans were not happy.
When we arrived there the parking lot was jam packed with trucks and news vans and trailers with large satellite dishes on their roofs.
Whatever plans were about to be announced, the rest of the world would know about it in real time, live off the satellite feed. People wanted to know what was going on and they wanted to know right now.
It didn't take long for the global media to become suspicious of the US military's involvement in the quarantine procedure.
They had blockaded the entire Australian coastline, preventing anyone, even aid ships like the Red Cross from getting in. Naturally they said it was part of the quarantine measure. But the real reason was they didn't want any camera crews or journalists getting in. They didn't want any leaked footage of what it was really like on Australian soil. And they didn't want any more blood on their hands. They knew if anyone got passed their blockade they were done for. They weren't coming back. Not alive anyway.
Blockading the entire coastline was no easy feat, especially since Australia is the largest island on the planet. It was a huge effort and took the combined forces of the US Navy, the British Navy, and what was left of the Australian Navy.
There's a well known saying that Kenji's father use to drill into Kenji. It was posted on their fridge in their kitchen and on Kenji's bedroom door.

Those with the most invested are the last to surrender.
 
The military had invested everything. They had invested billions of dollars, soldiers, innocent people. They now had twenty-two million lives on their hands. You can't get anymore invested than that. It was one of the worst disasters in human history. An extinction level event. And the scary thing was, a whole lot more people could die. Millions more. Billions more.
So yeah, the military were invested. And they were going to do everything in their considerable power to stop this thing.
The weird thing was, the military or the allied forces if you will, they were the fall guy, the patsy. Who was in charge?
Kenji said the military's mission in Australia was to enforce the quarantine. He said they were on clean up and containment duty. Someone else was pulling the strings. So who was it? Was it some secret organization? Maybe a multi-national pharmaceutical company? How much were they paying the military to be the face of this disaster? What was the benefit? Was it a new biological weapon, like Doctor West said it was? Or something else? Something worse?
I know I sound like a crazy old conspiracy theorist but in my mind there was no other logical explanation. The military must have had a damn good reason to be taking this kind of heat.
We made our way into the stadium and to my surprise the conference was going to be held on the actual basketball court.
There was a podium situated at one end of the court and a long table with at least a dozen chairs just to the right of this.
Also to my surprise, I was told or ordered I guess, to sit at the table. The military wanted me front and centre, right in the spot light. The PR guy walked passed me on his way to the podium and gave me this smug look like he was saying, ‘You wanna play games and be a star on YouTube? Then you can sit out the front here with the rest of us.’
The table was full of high ranking military officers, generals and admirals. The vice-president was there as well. In front of each seat was a folder full of notes. Microphones were positioned in front of each person.
I've never felt so out of place in my life. Luckily, Daniel took a seat next to me, which made me feel a little less nervous.
The place was buzzing as the reporters and journalists took their seats. They filled the court and even some of the seats in the stands.
The PR guy took the podium and cleared his throat. I could see his hands shaking with nerves. A thin layer of sweat had formed above his top lip.
The buzzing ceased.
He thanked everyone for coming at such short noticed and gave a brief introduction and explanation about why they had called the press conference.
Basically, it was to put to rest the rumors and internet chatter about the Oz virus and the situation in Australia. He never actually mentioned my video, but it was obvious that's what he was talking about.
Ultimately, they wanted to clear the air and make sure everyone was as well informed as they could be.
Gee, what a nice guy.
He gave the crowd and the cameras a nice warm, friendly smile. This guy was good and he was getting into a rhythm now. I noticed that his hands had stopped shaking.
"So first things first," he said. "We need to give you all a bit of back ground information on the Oz virus. From certain classified intelligence reports we know that the virus was developed by a network of extremely advanced and extremely dangerous terrorist splinter cells in the late 80's and early 90's. We don't know who exactly created it or where it originated from. What we do know is that an earlier strain of the virus was used in the first Gulf War. Again, we don't know who used it. But we saw firsthand the devastation. It had a one hundred percent kill rate. No one survived. We kept this hidden. It was classified above top secret. We didn't want anyone, especially our enemies, or other terrorist cells to even know that this virus existed. We were providing support and security to an organization who had taken on the arduous task of trying to develop an anti-virus, and a vaccine against this weapon. As you know, to develop a cure you first have to understand the virus, how it acts, how it survives. We were close to a break through when we had a containment failure in a research facility in Australia.
“Our biggest fear has always been that one of our enemies would develop a weaponized version of the virus. And as such it is our top priority to develop a cure. We have always taken the utmost precaution and safety measures in our research facilities. The containment failure was an unforeseen tragedy.”
I sat their shaking my head. They were lying. At least, I think they were lying. They were so good at it, even I started to doubt myself. Now they sounded like the good guys, like they had taken on this terrible burden. They sounded like they were protecting the entire world.
It was genius.
A reporter shouted a question from the back. They didn't wait for question time or even raise their hand. They just blurted it out. The voice was full of fear. "Is the virus airborne!?"
"No," The PR guy replied. "In its present form, the virus can only be transmitted through blood or saliva."
Another reporter raised their hand to ask a question. “Who is the mystery organization you are working with to develop an anti-virus?"
"That's classified."
"What were the details of the intelligence reports about the use of the virus in the first Gulf War? How was it contained back then?"
"That's classified. Please, Ladies and gentlemen, if we could keep this moving along we have a lot of information to get through. There will be a full Q and A session at the conclusion of the conference. We have a lot of ground to cover. As you know, the secondary objective of this press conference is to announce the Military's plan to rescue Maria Marsh. She is the only person on record who has shown any resistance to the Oz virus."
The same reporter kept up his aggressive line of questioning. "How do we know that claim is true?"
"To be honest, we don't know,” the PR guy answered. “And we won't know until we can run some definitive tests on her."
"So we're going to risk soldier’s lives on an unsubstantiated rumor?"
"We have it on good authority that Maria Marsh is not only resistant to the Oz virus, but that she is completely immune. Considering what she could mean for our research, I'd say she is definitely worth the risk."
“Who’s authority?"
"Rebecca Robinson has given a detailed eye witness report. We are acting on her authority."
Suddenly the heat was on me. I could feel all the cameras, the microphones and Dictaphones and the reporters eyeballs focus on me. They wanted to know if Maria Marsh was really immune. They wanted to know if this whole mission was worthwhile or if it was just a waste of time and energy and hope.
"She's immune," I reassured them.
I was then prompted to speak up because no one could hear me properly. Daniel then leaned over and repositioned the microphone in front of me so that it was closer to my mouth. I leaned forward and repeated myself. "She's immune."
"How do you know that?"
"Well, I guess I can't be sure. But I was there. I saw everything. She came in direct contact with the infection..."
"What does that mean? Can you elaborate please?" a reporter asked, interrupting me.
Whatever happened to waiting for the Q and A session, I thought?
"She was bitten by another person. A person who was infected. She was bitten on the ankle. At first we thought she was going to turn..."
"Turn?"
"Yeah. I... I don’t know how else to describe it. When a person becomes infected, when the virus takes over, they change. They turn. Maria started to change. We decided that we needed to..." I choked on the words. It's hard to believe what we were going to do, what we were prepared to do and what we had to do to survive. "We needed to take care of her,” I said. “To put her out of her misery before she turned, before she became a threat to the rest of us."
"A threat?"
I looked at the PR guy to see if it was all right to divulge this bit of information. He nodded his head.
"A person infected with the Oz virus will attack a non-infected person to spread the infection. They become aggressive and violent. We needed to make sure she didn't attack us."
"So you were going to kill her?"
I lowered my head. "Yes. But it never came to that. We didn't have to. The virus never took over. She didn't turn. In less than a few hours she had fully recovered."
"Why wasn't this information made known during your previous interview?"
I opened my mouth to answer but the PR guy took over once again, getting the spotlight off me. "The virus is extremely fast acting," he said. "Observable symptoms include violence, aggression, increased strength and facial hemorrhaging. Rebecca’s report indicated that Maria Marsh displayed none of these symptoms."
Daniel reached over and held my hand. It was a timely show of support. The whole thing only lasted a few minutes but I felt like I'd been squeezed in a vice and dragged over a bed of hot coals.
"How will you find her?" a reporter asked.
"We have her coordinates from a radio transmission that was broadcasted on the 23rd."
"The 23rd? Why has it taken so long to act? It’s been over a week now."
"These things need to be planned. Soldiers need to be briefed and mobilized. We have to be prepared. We have to take every precaution when embarking on such a dangerous mission."
“Has there been any other contact with the survivors?”
“No.”
“So how do we know they are safe? How do we know they are still alive?”
“They are situated in an extremely safe location,” The PR guy assured.
Another lie, I thought to myself. They had been running for their lives in that last transmission.
After a brief question and answer time they introduced the Special Forces rescue team. Apparently such a public introduction and divulging of mission information has never happened before.
They introduced the team via satellite link up from an aircraft carrier anchored in the Tasman Sea about one hundred miles off the coast of Sydney. I wondered if it was the same aircraft carrier I saw leaving the harbor the day I escaped from Sydney.
The rescue team were the best and the brightest. They were the strongest soldiers the US Navy and Australian Special Air Service - the ‘SAS’, had to offer. Their leader looked strong. He was a veteran of both Gulf Wars and he had served in Afghanistan. I wondered if he had served with my father.
But there was something about him I didn't like. He didn't just look confident, he looked over confident. Arrogant. I got the impression he thought this mission was going to be a cake walk. And that scared me. He didn't know what was waiting for him in Sydney. How could he? Even if he had been briefed on the virus, there's a difference between reading about it and experiencing it up close. The team leader spoke briefly and assured us and the rest of the world the mission would be a success. His men were the best operators in the world. And the Australian SAS soldiers would provide firsthand knowledge of the local terrain.
He said according to Private Kenji Yoshida's radio call for help; they knew exactly where the targets were hiding. Luckily, Yoshida was able to get Maria Marsh up to the higher levels of one of the skyscrapers in the CBD of Sydney. He said in an urban warfare type of environment, the high ground is the safest place to be. It offered them a great tactical advantage, and a great deal of protection. It would simply be a matter of landing a chopper on the building they were seeking refuge in and extracting them. He even made a joke about how doing this kind of thing usually involved being shot at with rocket launchers and anti-aircraft guns. Not having to deal with any of that would be a sweet relief.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
He went on to say they usually operate in complete secrecy, so the preparation for this rescue was a bit weird. But they understood this wasn't the usual, run of the mill mission. And as such it had taken a little bit longer to prepare for. He said they deconstruct everything and think of everything that could go wrong. They make counter-measures and contingency plans.
Again, he assured everyone they would find Maria Marsh.
A cure would be created.
Australia would be saved.
The world would be saved.
Everyone clapped and cheered. Everyone but me.

Chapter 3

It was hard to sleep that night. There were just too many thoughts whirling around inside my head, all of them jostling for position.
Daniel and I arrived back at the penthouse close to midnight. And I headed straight for bed. Daniel said he had to go back out for a debriefing session. I didn't care. I just wanted to sleep.
As I jumped into the enormous king-sized bed in the master bedroom, I wondered how much longer I would get to stay there in the lap of luxury. One thing was for certain, the military wanted me. I guess I was the face of the apocalypse.
I assumed they still wanted me for interviews. Especially since they were rescuing my friends. Well, one of my friends. They wanted me for the reaction and the reunion and the tears. I bet the whole thing had already been planned. They were so sure the mission would be a success.
I even overheard the PR Guy talking about how they were going to fly Maria's parents in from France, or wherever they were, for special exclusive interviews and the emotional, tear-filled reunion. They were gearing up for a television ratings bonanza.
As always, when I tried to sleep, the flash backs started up. Bad flashbacks. They're always so real, so life-like. When they start up it’s impossible to sleep.
Although I must admit sometimes there are nice flash backs. Like the time Jack and Maria and I were swimming at Bondi Beach and we got caught in the middle of a jelly fish swarm. It wasn't nice at the time obviously, but whenever I look back, I can’t help but laugh.
Jack and I came out in huge red marks where the tentacles and stingers had gotten us. Jack was stung worse than I was. He even needed some ‘happy gas’ to ease his pain. We both had red marks for over a week. Maria on the other hand healed up real quick. A day later she didn't even have any red marks on her at all. She really was a tough girl. She had a jelly fish tangled up around her neck for crying out loud. But she was fine.
And in a weird way it brought us closer together as friends.
That was a nice flashback. It even brought a smile to my face. But ultimately that memory would lead into some nasty, terrifying, not so nice flashback. Like the time at the casino when Maria was bitten by one of the infected and Jack was preparing himself to take care of her, to shoot her.
Thinking about that over and over was enough to make me break out into a cold sweat and keep me up all night.
When I thought about stuff like that my heart would start racing. I could hear the blood rushing around my body and around my head. Everything was so real, like I was experiencing it all over again, like I could actually hear the moaning, screaming howl of the infected and the constant pop of automatic machine gun fire.
Suddenly there was a banging on my bedroom door. I sat straight up and held my breath.
It took me a second to realize that it was someone knocking on the door, a person, and not something else.
I took a few deep breaths and waited for my heart rate to slow. "Who is it?"
"Rebecca, it's me. It's Daniel.”
My heart rate picked back up and started beating like a drum. What was he doing knocking on my bedroom door this late at night? He knows not to come in here. Was he going to try something? Did he want to 'talk'? I totally did not want to talk. Not now. Not in the middle of the freakin night.
"What do you want?" I asked.
"We need to talk."
Oh God. He was gonna do it. He wanted to talk about the kiss. "I don't want to talk about that now. Can't it wait till morning?"
"No. It can't wait. I need to show you something."
He didn't wait for me to respond or to say it was OK to come in. I could've been naked. But when I saw his face in the moonlight, I knew he didn't want to talk about that stupid little kiss. He looked different somehow. He looked more serious than I'd seen him these past couple of days.
"What do we need to talk about?" I asked. "What do you need to show me?"
He had an iPad tablet computer thingy in his hand. "I need to show you this."
“What is it?"
"It's footage of the rescue team. The mission footage."
"Mission footage? How the hell did you get that? Wait, I thought the mission was scheduled for tomorrow?”
"That's what I need to talk to you about."
He was starting to scare me.
"Rebecca, I haven’t been completely honest with you.”
“Honest? What are you talking about?”
“I don't work for the US military."
"Then who do you work for?” I asked as I tensed up. “And what are you doing here?"
“I'm a mercenary."
"A what?"
"A mercenary. I'm part of a team of mercenaries. We're private contractors basically. We do jobs that no one else can do. Jobs that no one else wants to do."
"So what the hell are you doing here?" I asked. "What job is this? Are you here to kill me?"
He actually laughed at that. "No. I'm not here to kill you. I'm here for information. Knowledge. Like I said to you earlier, knowledge is power."
"So what do you want to know? Wait, how much do you already know?"
"Only the bare minimum. Only what we need to know to do our job. Initially, we wanted to get close to you so we could learn as much as possible about what was going on in Australia. We wanted to know as much about the virus as possible. But now things have changed."
"Changed? How?"
“The Special Forces team got the green light for the rescue mission a few hours ago."
"What do you mean? Are you saying they've already rescued my friends? Oh wait, I get it now. They rescued Maria and they killed Jack and Kenji. And you're here to break the news to me.”
"No. That's not it.”
“No?"
"Rebecca, the military failed. The rescue mission failed."
He sat down on the bed next to me and handed me the computer. “This is a recording of the mission footage.”
“How the hell did you get this?"
"It's our job to be able to get this kind of stuff. We weren't able to get all of it unfortunately.”
"So like, a camera crew went in with them?"
"No. The mission footage is recorded via cameras built into the soldier’s helmets."
Daniel pressed play. The video started. The images were grainy as hell.
A small group of soldiers, maybe five or six, were sitting in the back of a helicopter. I recognized one of them as being the leader who promised the world the mission would be a success.
The soldiers looked nervous. Scared and unsure of themselves.
The doors of the helicopter’s cabin were wide open. Outside, I couldn’t see anything except for swirling red dust.
A shadow moved across the screen. All of the soldiers, and I mean all of them, swore.
Someone screamed.
There was an explosion.
The helicopter began to spiral out of control.
The footage flicked off and then back on.
The next image was from a camera that was lying on the ground on its side. I turned my head so I could see properly. The helicopter had crashed into the road. It’d been reduced to a twisted, smoking wreck. The rotor blades had been bent and smashed at all different angles.
The soldiers, what's left of them, were crouched next to the wreckage. I could only count four of them. No pilot. No co-pilot. No team leader.
They were talking in hushed, frantic whispers.
"What the hell was that, man?" one of the soldiers asked.
"I don't know. But we gotta call this in right away. We need a goddamn extraction. Being on the streets was not part of the deal!"
You could hear it in their voices, and see it in their eyes. They did not want to be on the streets. They wanted to be in the sky, in the helicopter. They wanted to stick to the rooftops. The high ground.
One of the soldiers was Australian. You could tell by his accent.
“Jesus Christ,” he said. “Pitt Street is a bloody mess.”
I couldn’t tell if he was just using the word bloody as a swear word, or if it was actually bloody. The image was too grainy. The red dust was too thick.
Someone said, "Radio's busted. We gotta walk out."
"No way, man. No way are we walking anywhere in this. You saw the surveillance images; this place is crawling with infected!"
And as soon as they said it out loud you could hear the howling scream somewhere off in the distance.
The footage flicked off and then back on.
Now the soldiers were running.
They were running at full sprint.
They were running for their lives.
I could only count three soldiers. Including the camera man.
The infected were howling. Louder and closer.
The camera man tripped over and skidded along the road.
The two soldiers in front of him stopped. One of them took cover behind a motor bike and started unleashing with his rifle. Full automatic. The flash from the gun’s barrel lit up the screen.
The other soldier came back for the cameraman, picked him up, got him to his feet.
They stopped and took cover behind a car. The camera man was reloading his rifle. I guess he must've already fired off a full clip.
He was trying to reload but his hands were shaking so bad, he was struggling, he was taking forever.
He finally loaded a magazine.
He turned around, took aim.
And what I saw was just too damn messed up. A shiver ran down my spine. I started shaking as if I was cold, as if I was suffering from hypothermia. My teeth started chattering.
The soldiers were firing at will. They were shooting at a wall of infected. A sea of infected. They were so close. It was an overwhelming number, a countless number of walking corpses.
They couldn't be any more than ten meters away.
One of the soldiers yelled, "Reloading!"
The infected were now five meters away.
The guy next to the cameraman yelled, "I'm out!"
He dropped his rifle and took out a pump action shotgun and started blazing away.
The infected were three meters away.
"We gotta go! Come on!"
The cameraman was still firing. Someone, I think it was the Australian guy, grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him along. The cameraman turned around. But then they all froze.
They were trapped. The road was blocked at both ends by an insurmountable number of infected.
The Australian guy swore again. The two soldiers on camera physically slumped.
One of them took out their sidearm. Put it to his head. The cameraman tried to stop him but it was too late.
The red dust and the wind seemed to intensify at that point. As did the screaming howl of the infected.
The cameraman started praying. "As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil." And as he said the word ‘shadow’, an actual shadow, one like before in the helicopter, seemed to cover them. It turned the screen a darker color.
“I will fear no evil. I will fear no evil. I will fear no evil.”
And then something roared. Something big.
The roar was louder than the screaming howl of the infected. So loud, the cameraman ducked, and the last remaining soldier on screen put his hands up to cover his ears.
Then the footage ended.
My teeth were still chattering. I was silent, holding my breath without even realizing. "What the hell happened? What was that?"
"We don't know."
"Does anyone know about this?"
"No. This is top secret. If anyone knew we had this, we'd be killed on the spot and buried out in the desert. No questions asked."
"What are they gonna do now?"
“From what we can gather they've put a second rescue mission on hold. They're playing the waiting game basically."
I couldn't blame them. Not after seeing that.
"So what happened? What happened to their helicopter?”
"Looks like they came under fire. There's also a chance the chopper suffered an engine failure as a result of the dust storm. But we're not sure."
"Under fire? From who?"
"Worst case scenario; terrorist splinter cells have gotten through the blockade."
"Terrorists? What would they want?"
“The virus most probably, and Maria. Same thing we want, I guess."
"Do you really think a terrorist cell could get all the way through the blockade into Sydney?"
Daniel shook his head. "It's highly unlikely. They would need aircraft, or boats with stealth capabilities. Occam’s Razor."
"What?"
"The most obvious reason is usually the correct one. It was probably an engine failure. That dust storm is huge. We've recorded wind gusts of well over two hundred miles an hour."
"Why is it so red?" I asked.
"We're not sure. Initially we thought it was due to nuclear fallout. But that's not the case.”
"So what is it?"
"We don't know. It could be a natural dust storm. They have happened from time to time. But nothing on this scale. And not for this length of time. The entire eastern seaboard has been covered in red dust for over a week now.”
"So, what now?” I repeated, desperately wanting to know that they weren’t just going to leave my friends for dead. “The military are going to try again, right?"
"We don't know how long they're going to wait. It could be days, it could be weeks.”
“That’s too long.”
“Yeah, I agree. Do you have any idea where your friends could be? Do you know where they would go, where they would hide if things got real bad?"
"I can’t be certain. But when we were trying to flee the city, when we were being chased by the military and the infected, our plan was to try and head west. We wanted to get out of the city, get as far away from the population centers as possible. We were going to travel west through the harbor and the river system. Our back up plan was to head further into the city. And get to another building. Get as high off the ground level as possible. Kenji told us that high ground is easier to defend.”
“I see. That’s probably why the transmission from Kenji came from the middle of the city," Daniel said, almost as if he was thinking out loud. "Locating their exact position will be hard work. We’re not sure how long it will take.”
Or even if they’re still alive, I thought to myself.
"But we have to try," he continued. "We have no other options."
"Wait a minute. You're going in there? After what you just saw?”
"Yes."
He sounded so confident, so sure of himself. But it was different to the over-confidence of the rescue team leader. It was a deeper, quiet confidence, like he knew there was no tomorrow. He knew they couldn’t afford to wait.
"And," he continued. "We need you to come with us."
My eyeballs nearly popped out of my skull. "Excuse me? You what? You want me to come with you? You want me to go back there?"
"Yes.”
"With you and what army? Who do you even work for?”
"I can’t tell you that."
“Is it a secret branch of the government? Or some multi-national pharmaceutical company?”
"Look, all I can tell you is that we need you. And we need to save Maria."
“You don’t need me. You probably know the city better than I do."
“But you know where they would hide. You know where they would go. You know how they think. But more importantly, when we do make contact with them, and trust me, we will find them and make contact, we need you there with us. We need you to show them they can trust us. We need you to let them know we’re the good guys.”
It was clear now. It all made sense. Daniel and his team needed me there to show my friends that they could be trusted. I was their ace in the hole. The military hadn’t even thought of using me like that.
“We’re flying into New Zealand,” he explained. “From there we’ll fly into Australia. Once the dust storm clears we’ll be taking a chopper into Sydney. Our employer has a lot of resources. A lot of capital. If we can secure the target, if we can rescue Maria and deliver her safely, not only will we be saving the human race from extinction, but we’ll be rich. Don't get me wrong, I'm not just doing this for the money, but I’m also not trying to hide the fact that money is a big motivator. This could set us up for life. All of us."
I suddenly had this image of chilling out on a beach in Hawaii with my friends. It was nice.
It’s funny how only a few days ago, the only thing in the world I wanted was to get back into Sydney and be with my friends. But now, after grieving for them, and trying my hardest to move on, and seeing that God forsaken footage, I'm not entirely sure I wanted to go back.
I was too damn scared.
I made eye contact with Daniel. "How do I know I can trust you?"
"You don't. But I'm your only ticket into Australia."
"And you're going in either way? With or without me?"
"Yes. But it would be a huge help if you were there. We can guarantee your safety.”
“How? How the hell are you gonna keep me safe? You saw what happened to the Special Forces team."
“We’re the best at what we do.”
“What about the infected?"
“We’ll be wearing the latest generation NBC’s.”
“NBC’s?"
“Nuclear Biological Chemical suits. You'll be perfectly safe from infection. These suits are designed for operation in the harshest conditions. Plus the latest models run on a type of kinetic energy power system. It increases strength tenfold. You could take on a grizzly bear in one of these bad boys if you had to. Believe me. You’ll be safe."
"Why didn't the rescue team have these suits?"
"Too expensive. Like I said before, our employer has a lot of capital."
I collapsed back in the bed. I wanted to hide under the covers and suffocate myself with the pillows. What good would I be in that kind of environment? Would I just get in the way? I’d be useless, wouldn't I?
No. Maybe not. Maybe they did need me. Maybe I really was their ace in the hole. If and when they found my friends, they needed me there. They needed me so my friends didn’t run away.
"OK," I whispered. "I'm in."
"Good,” he said as he turned the computer off. “We're leaving in one hour."

Chapter 4

Everything happened so fast. Daniel wasn’t kidding when he said we were leaving in an hour. I packed a small back pack of essentials; my toothbrush, a change of clothes.
I realized at that moment just how little I actually owned. I had next to no possessions. I reached over to the bedside table and opened the top drawer. Hidden underneath the hotel’s copy of the bible was the letter that Kenji had given to me back in Sydney when we were trying to secure the casino building in Darling Harbor. Back when we thought we had a chance of hiding out there for a few days.
I still hadn’t read the letter. I don’t know why. Maybe it was because I was scared. Maybe it was because I was afraid it would be too painful, that it would make everything more real, that it would make it harder to let him go if I needed to.
But I guess it was the only thing that I really owned, my only possession. And now that I thought about it, it was the only actual bit of evidence that Kenji ever existed, the only proof that we knew each other.
I couldn’t leave it here. Where would I even keep it? The penthouse safe? Under the pillow? This wasn’t my home. I guess I didn’t really have a home. So I decided to take it with me. Maybe sometime soon I'll work up the courage to read it.
I didn’t know where to put it, but I remember Kenji said he carried it in his top pocket so it would be with him all the time, wherever he went, right next to his heart. I didn’t have a top pocket so I shoved it down my bra, just as Daniel walked into the room.
"You ready?” he asked.
I looked inside my bag one more time. Toothbrush, undies and socks. Check, check and check. "Yeah, I think so."
"No, I don't mean your bag. I mean you. Are you ready?"
In an instant, the apocalyptic scene of Sydney Harbor flashed through my head: the twisted grey iron of the bridge and its support structures, the water turned red with blood and choked with bodies. "I know what's at stake," I said. "I know what I'm doing."
And this is what I've wanted since I made it back, I thought to myself. Ever since I heard Kenji’s call for help. This is what I’ve wanted. This is what I’ve needed.



Enjoyed the sample for Extinction Level?

For more info visit http://jamesharden.blogspot.com/



Copyright © 2010 by James Harden

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events locales or organisations is entirely coincidental.

All rights are reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without the written permission of the author.


