The Mark of the 
Hummingbird

Jessica Gollub

This book is a work of fiction.  Any similarities to real people, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Copyright © 2014 by Jessica Gollub
All rights reserved.
This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever without express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
First Printing, 2014 Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 978-0-9936388-6-2


To John. Who else?






In the harshest of winters
In the ice, bare and raw
You have hidden your truth
But someday it must thaw
One



It was cold. 
It was always cold.
I pulled my heavy cloak more tightly around my shoulders, its thick homespun wool scratching against my neck. It wasn’t my own. The one I usually wore had been my mother’s, a gift to her from my father. It was a soft olive green and lined with the fur of red foxes to match her flaming hair. He made it for her lovingly during their first months in the caves, in anticipation that the frozen days would be over soon and they would go out again. She never got a chance to wear it. It was much warmer, and nicer to wear than this one, but it was too visible, too recognizable. I didn’t want to be recognized. I had opted instead for an old cloak that my father wouldn’t miss. It was bulky and dragged on the ground as I walked—he stood nearly a head taller than me—but I doubted anyone would notice out here. The only people out would be the sentinels—the watch—and none of them cared about what happened inside the fences. 
Not many people left the caves in the winter. The frozen days were officially over, since we had recently felt the warmth of what some might call summer, so it wasn’t as dangerous to go outside now. When winter struck, memories of the past eighteen years followed and most people huddled inside and prayed for summer’s return. The cold was a yearly reminder of those they had lost, the ones who didn’t make it to the caves—the ones who were ill-prepared.
I never could understand how they did it. I grew restless behind the concrete walls, never seeing the sunlight—so on days that weren’t too cold I bundled up and slipped out. I wasn’t supposed to. Women weren’t supposed to leave the caves unattended, they said. It was far too dangerous.
I, however, had become accustomed to going outside. I had gotten my first addicting taste of it when the weather was warmer. It had been a short summer, and nowhere near the warmth that the older people remembered from before, but it had been a start. It had ended only weeks ago, yet a heavy blanket of snow already covered the ground and it was getting colder each day.
The snow crunched under my feet as I made my way to the stables. The icy air tingled in my chest and the warmth from each breath swirled around my face, a frosty fog that clung to my eyelashes and the thick knit scarf I had wrapped over my mouth. It was barely evening, but the sun had gone down hours before. The moon was full and bright in the sky, cutting through the frigid darkness and bouncing its light off the bright white of the snow, creating more than enough light to get around. I inhaled deeply, letting the prickly cold burn my throat and sting my lungs. It was almost painful, but I drank up the clean freshness of it, a stark contrast to the thick, musty air in the caves. The smell of crowded, unwashed people mixed with the smells of cooking, and smoke and waste. It was overwhelming. This air was so light, so raw and crisp. It was as if I could taste the newness of it. 
The stars sparked brightly and I was still in awe of them. I was nearly seventeen and the first time I truly saw the stars was only months ago, when the cold had finally broken and we were allowed to go outside. When I was younger I had tried to see them, but it was nearly impossible to do through the dirty glass that was so thickly covered in frost. I’d scrape it patiently with my fingernails, clearing a small section at a time, but as soon as I’d press my face to the glass, the heat from my skin and my breath would fog the glass over again. I gave up eventually, and tried to forget about them, resigned myself to only imagine what they would be like. 
I remembered the first time I stepped outside. The snow was melting, and I could hear the drips falling from the roof and the trees around us. We all went together, a mass exodus from the darkness into the light. It was almost blinding to eyes that had never truly seen the sun. I felt new, like something that had been starved and deprived for so long, finally finding sustenance. 
 It was difficult to remind myself sometimes that I was one of the lucky ones. Not many people were as well-prepared as we were, and those unfortunate ones perished in the early days. The Shepherd had prepared the way for us. He, together with his council—a group of twelve men, including my father—had the incredible foresight to plan for the possibility of disaster. They hadn’t anticipated the frozen days, rather made provisions for nuclear war. The devastation had been strikingly similar. 
The frozen days had come upon them suddenly. My mother was pregnant with me when they began, but we young ones knew the story almost as well as if we had been there to witness it ourselves. At times I could picture myself leaving my home as they had, packing up what minimal belongings they could and running. I felt the fear and panic, the knowledge that millions around me would surely perish, the hope of salvation mingled with despair for those who had none.
The temperature had plummeted, almost overnight. What had been a warm summer day, quickly dropped to 60 to 70 degrees below freezing. It was dangerous to be outside for more than a few moments at a time. Electrical grids failed, leaving entire populations both cold and dark. Panic overtook cities as the looting began. People fought and rioted over simple provisions, water, food, fuel and soon, anything that would burn. The elders spoke of pandemonium, hysteria. 
No one, even the ones who believed they were prepared for disaster, expected the frozen days to go on as long as they did, except for the Shepherd. Those who had been chosen, for their skills or what they had to offer, descended on this place—a place they had spent years preparing. While we called it the caves, there was nothing natural about it. It was an abandoned prison that had once held the most heinous of criminals. It had been closed when the government of the time had given up rehabilitating criminals. The time and money spent was not worth it, they had said. Instead they repossessed the island of Manhattan, herded out those who lived there and started dropping criminals from all over the country into one centralized location. The island had previously become overpopulated and its popularity as an urban centre had waned, businesses moved out and found greener pastures, making Manhattan one of the poorest cities in America. What had once been a bustling metropolis had crumbled, leaving only those with the bleakest futures. Many didn’t hear the call to leave, or didn’t care. They were left there to fend for themselves. It was like killing two birds with one stone. It was easier to ignore that kind of abject poverty.
No one cared what happened on the island, and it was cheaper to have guards with high-powered weaponry standing guard on the bridges and walking the shorelines with orders to shoot-to-kill. Food and supplies were dropped in regularly, to prove that the government wasn’t entirely heartless, but overall, Manhattan and those who lived there were forgotten. 
Prisons were abandoned all over the country, standing vacant and useless. I don’t know how the Shepherd had come to own the caves, but it was a brilliant choice. The majority of the prison had been built underground, below even the deepest levels of permafrost. There was ample and spacious lodging for all 320-plus people in our community, and with kitchen and laundry facilities, there was little reason to go above ground. One of the larger recreation areas had some natural light in it, presumably to keep the inmates from going mad underground, and it had been cleverly repurposed into a greenhouse to grow a simple mix of fruits and vegetables to keep the community in a reasonable state of health. They created large raised garden beds to grow turnips, carrots, and potatoes. Herbs, greens, like spinach kale and chard, tomatoes and cucumbers were grown in a sophisticated aquaponics system, a kind of water-based method of growing that used pipes and tanks of fish to fertilize the growing plants. This system also provided us with fish, tilapia and trout, that multiplied in the giant tanks. My favorite part of the gardens was off in one corner, a tall wall of horizontal troughs that held ever-bearing strawberries. My mouth watered at the very thought of strawberries. I was told that berries grew wild in the woods around the caves, but our first summer had been too short, and not yet warm enough for the plants to recover sufficiently to bear fruit. As winter fell upon us again, we prayed that the next one would be better.
I slid the heavy metal stable door open. It was covered in a thick layer of frost from the humidity inside freezing to its cold surface. My wool mittens stuck to the icy handle. I hurried inside, glad to be out of the wind and surrounded by warm animals. The stables had once been a machine shop, used to rehabilitate the criminals by forcing them to assemble automotive parts. They had once believed that giving men a trade to rely on would give them an alternative to their lives of crime, my father had told me. Apparently they had been wrong.
The giant room had been sectioned off with wire and wood fencing, keeping animals in different pens. There were: sheep, for wool; cows, for butter, cheese, and milk; chickens, for eggs; and my favorite, near the back of the stable, were fifteen horses. They were mammoths, giant horses that towered over you—breathing their hot thick breath in clouds of steam. They provided no food for us, and probably ate more than their fare share of the vast amount of stored grains we allotted for the animals, but they were useful nonetheless. Every few weeks teams of men rode the steeds as far as they could, on the lookout for both supplies and threats to the community. A large city stood abandoned within a few hours ride, and throughout the frozen days they risked their lives to gather—hunt for supplies and gather any useful items that may have been left behind. Just last week they had found a cache of fuel, which we used to run our generators. 
“Leona?”
I heard the familiar voice behind me and turned to see Harlow peeking out between the slats of the sheep pen.
I smiled. 
“What are you doing in here?” she asked. Her own blue cloak, lined with white rabbit fur, framed her face, setting off her blue eyes. She had the most beautiful eyes. For most of my life I believed they were the color of the sky, until I truly saw the sky for the first time and realized it was very different. My only glimpses of the sky were through the frosted windows of the caves. I now knew they were the color of ice, cold and frosty—a contrast to the warmth of her person. Harlow was one of my dearest friends. We were only about three months apart in age, and inseparable since birth. Her mother had actually been my wet nurse… after my mother died.
“I just needed to get out of there,” I said, laughing. “Presumably the same reason as you.”
Harlow and I shared a similar sense of restlessness. She winked at me as she pulled off her hood. We were dressed the same, all women here wore similar clothes. There were dozens of bolts of dark brown fabric, and it was just easier to keep handing down the same clothes from girl to girl. As we grew, we were issued new long dark brown skirts and tan-colored tunic-style shirts—“new” meaning, only new to ourselves, for clothing was a community commodity. We had sheep that were shorn regularly and their wool was spun on great spinning wheels and knit into sweaters, scarves and mittens. Dye was a luxury, so everything was the same pale color of natural wool. The only clothes with color beyond beige and brown were those that had been brought here, or stored here from before the frozen days, and most of those had fallen into disrepair over the last seventeen years. The women did their best to keep the clothes in decent condition, but there was really only so much that could be done. Every article of clothing I owned had been lovingly worn, mended, and worn again—faded and threadbare. Some of the women grumbled about it, mainly the older ones who had grown accustomed to fashion and personal ownership, but I didn’t care. I had never known anything different. I actually preferred wearing clothing that had been worn by someone else. I had once been so proud to have been issued a new shirt, freshly sewn by some of the ladies from the giant bolts of plain fabric, and it was so stiff and itched so much that I quietly slipped it back into the cupboards and fished out an old soft one instead.
“It is calming here,” she said. “Sometimes I’d rather listen to the nonsensical bleating of sheep than the same conversation over and over.”
I understood. It got a bit tedious in the caves. Beyond the general gossip, nothing new happened very often and we were stuck rehashing the same stories and arguments again and again. 
“I also wanted to get out one more time, before… you know,” she said, blushing.
I had nearly forgotten. Tomorrow was Harlow’s seventeenth birthday. Tomorrow she would no longer be in school, no longer have the freedom given to the young of the community. She would be a woman. Every girl, on her seventeenth birthday is given passage into adulthood. She is then expected to join the work of the women—laundry, cooking, gardening, the list went on. But above all, at seventeen she would become eligible for marriage. 
Harlow’s eyes twinkled.
“I don’t really know how to feel about it,” she said. “In some ways, I had known it was coming for so long, and in others, I can’t believe it’s here.”
“At least you’re getting married,” I said weakly. I was having a bit of trouble breathing. Not because I worried for her, but because her birthday made me realize that mine was only months away. 
Harlow rolled her eyes.
“Oh, Leona, you’re such a drama queen. Your father is on the Council, there is no shortage of suitable husbands lined up for you.”
She was somewhat right. As a daughter of the Council, an only daughter at that, I was a valuable commodity. Place on the council is inherited. Should my father die, or be unable to serve, it would rightly pass to the eldest son, or in our case, the husband of his only daughter. Harlow was wrong, though, in assuming there was a lineup. If there were anyone interested in me, my father had yet to tell me, not that that was uncommon. He rarely told me anything.
“I envy you, Harlow,” I said. “You have Rowan.”
Harlow blushed. She and Rowan had been sweet on each other since grade school, and there was no doubt in my mind they would be married before the week was out. 
Harlow was lucky. She had more freedom to help choose her husband. There was no inheritance at stake, no “future of the community” to think of. Her parents loved Rowan almost as much as she did, so she made her father’s job very easy. He was two years older than us, nearly nineteen, and though he could have been married at seventeen as well, it was pretty much widely accepted that he was reserved for Harlow.
“Oh Leona, I can’t wait,” she said. “Is it wrong to be excited and entirely terrified all at once?”
I shook my head and smiled at my friend. “I would think that is a completely normal way to feel.” 
I hoped I came across as having some sort of credibility, because I was just plain terrified. The idea of change had always been difficult for me, perhaps because change never seemed to make my life better. I liked where I was—who I was, and though I relished the idea of growing up, I wasn’t sure I wanted to do it right now.
“I hope so,” said Harlow. “It’s all I can think about, and every part of me is just shaking all the time.”
I smiled.
“You’re going to do great,” I said, and I meant it fully. If there was anyone who would make a perfect wife, a perfect woman, it was Harlow. She had been a nurturer since birth. She would save bits of her already meager rations to feed the mice that terrorized the caves, and I had yet to witness a more pure and simple love than that shared between her and Rowan. I reached out to her and slipped my arm around her shoulders, pulling her into a hug. I held her fiercely, her tiny frame against mine. Though I would be following her soon, I wasn’t ready to let my childhood friend go. 
“Let me clarify that,” I said, looking her in the eye. “You’re going to be absolutely perfect.”
Harlow pulled away and smiled at me, that wide-eyed, toothy smile I had seen so many times before. She seemed to glow before me, her golden curls flowing out from her pale, heart-shaped face like rays of sunlight. So rare and precious. 
Only someone who had been born in the caves would see sunlight as rare and precious. I couldn’t imagine a time where I would cease marveling at the sun.
“You’re going to be perfect too,” she said, grinning.
I laughed out loud. 
“Thanks Harlow, but we both know there will be a substantial learning curve for me.”
I had never said as much aloud, but we both knew it was true. Most girls were guided through this process by their mothers, but I had none to guide me.
“What are you two doing in here?”
The voice came from the doorway. Harlow’s father, Archer, stood sternly silhouetted against the light streaming in from outside. I was surprised that the animals hadn’t given him away, but I supposed they were used to, if not ambivalent to his presence. Archer was the main herder. He was in charge of the animals, which gave Harlow only slightly more reason to be here than me. Neither of us had permission, and to boot, we were both unaccompanied. 
“We were looking for you, father,” Harlow said sweetly. 
“Well, you found me,” he replied. If I hadn’t known better I would have thought that he stifled a chuckle at Harlow’s blatant lie. “Now get back inside before you need to go out in the cold, looking for anyone else.”
We pulled up the hoods of our cloaks and hurried past Archer and into the cold, clear day. Harlow stopped at the door and lifted herself up on her toes to kiss her father’s cheek, and then we ran through the snow, back to the caves.


MY AIM WAS TRUE. 
I hit my mark with ease.
I stepped forward to yank my knife from the mangled board in which it stuck. My father had trained me well. I had hit the same mark so many times that the wood had started to splinter off in great chunks. He was useless at teaching me how to be a woman, but I was just fine at being a boy.
“Good job, Leona,” he said. 
I beamed at his praise, and hoped my appreciation reflected back to him. I didn’t know what to expect when he had told me years ago that he wanted me to be able to protect myself. I had assumed this was his way of making up for his lack of a son, but I had embraced all he taught me. We would meet daily in secret in one of the training facilities, where he would teach me the basics of a myriad of weapons and fighting techniques. I had been practicing since I was young, and was now fairly proficient with about a dozen different weapons, including the bolo, knives, throwing stars, bow and arrow, and swords. I had not, however, used any sort of gun. 
We had them, of course, and my father was an expert marksman, but our ammunition supplies were strictly controlled, since we never knew if or when we would be able to procure more. Also, guns were noisy. We’d attract far too much attention in the caves with rifles. 
Knife throwing was fun, but what I truly loved was my sling. Nothing more than two leather thongs connected by a small pouch, I regularly wore it around my wrist. People would notice if I carried a knife with me, but I had learned to wrap it in such a way that it looked like nothing more than a crude schoolgirl’s bracelet.
Though my father had also taught me the basics of hand-to-hand combat and self-defense, I hoped to never have to use it. I was far more skilled in distance weaponry.
“You never know when you’ll need to know how to defend yourself,” he had said. “This is something you need to know.”
I didn’t disagree, though I had my doubts that I’d ever need to use it. I didn’t care though; I’d take any excuse to spend more time with him. 
“Now try it again,” he said. “Hit the same mark.”
I nodded and turned to throw again.
“Not from there.” 
I had always thrown from the same place, a line drawn on the floor opposite the wooden post. Everyone who trained in knife-throwing was expected to be accurate from that distance. 
I glanced back to him; He was standing about fifteen feet behind me.
“From here.”
I froze. It nearly doubled the distance I was used to throwing knives from.
He smiled at me, using that irritating smile on one side of his mouth that made the corners of his eyes crinkle. He knew he was pushing me, and loving every minute of it.
I raised my eyebrow. I had never said no to a challenge, especially not one of his. Walking confidently, I did my best not to let him see me sweat, but I was nervous. I wanted to please him, to make him forget that he was never blessed with a son, to make that smug smirk into a smile of genuine pleasure. 
I wanted him to be proud of me.
Facing the post, I stared it down, willing my hands to be still and confident. 
I had this.
“Take a deep breath, focus and throw,” said my father, his voice barely above a whisper. 
The motion was smooth and effortless. My form was well-practiced. I held the knife by the cold, smooth blade, wound up, and threw, my wrist flicking as my fingers let go and launched the knife end over end. I held my breath and willed it to be true, as if my mind could control the path as it sliced through the air. Just before the knife hit, I impulsively closed my eyes. I didn’t want to watch, I didn’t want to hear that sigh, the one he used when I didn’t live up to his ideal. I wanted to be anywhere else.
I heard the knife hit, breathed a sigh of relief that I had at least hit something, and waited for his disappointment to wash over me, but I heard nothing. 
Not a sound.
Forcing myself to open my eyes, I looked at the post. My jaw dropped and I turned my head to see the expression on my face mirrored on my father’s. 
“Nice job,” he said, and walked out the door.
His words rang in my ears, the approval I had so desperately craved—but yet, here I was, left alone and wondering, as always, if I had done the right thing.
I left the knives there, both of them seated deeply in the same groove. 


HE WASN’T IN OUR ROOM. I didn’t see him at all that day. Even when I awoke the next morning, he was gone. There was evidence that he had slept in his bed, but he must have come and gone while I slumbered. 
Our room was tiny. Realistically, it was a prison cell—stark and cold, but we had done our best to make it a home. The Shepherd had removed all the bars from the rooms before they came, presumably to make it feel less like a prison, but there was no removing the isolation or the desperation. We were free, but we were in a cage of our own making, and this place spoke of no theme more than waiting. 
There was a colorful curtain that separated us from others in the community, but it was barely a barrier. Sounds travelled through the stone hallways, so we might as well have been sleeping in the same room. I could hear sniffles and coughs, whispers and giggles. I had long since learned to cover my head with a pillow to block out the stifled lovemaking of the married couples around us. 
There was no privacy here, but no one spoke of what they heard. ‘Live and let live’, maybe? Or perhaps ‘survive and ignore’.
Thankfully they placed the newlyweds in another wing, one that had once been the maximum security area, so they had doors to their rooms. Each newlywed couple was given a year apart from the main community in which to start their family. I had never been to that wing, and wondered if I ever would.
One of our room’s former inhabitants had taken it upon himself to etch lines on the wall, counting the days. I counted them once. He had spent 723 days in this cell, before he had either died, left, or become so disheartened by the ever-increasing number of lines that he just gave up. My count would far exceed his. I had lived in this room as long as I had been alive. At times I felt like making my own calendar on the wall, just to see what seventeen years looked like in tiny scratches, but thought better of it. It would be too depressing to see my life reduced to 6113 lines. Like the prisoners before me, I was waiting for my time to be free.
“Leona? Are you in there?”
I cleared my voice of its morning sluggishness.
“Come in Ember,” I replied. I knew her voice well. 
Ember was Harlow’s older sister. She had always been like a big sister to me, and I loved her for it. 
Her head peeked around the curtain.
“Still in bed?” she said, “Goodness Leona, it’s well past time to get cracking.”
I sighed. “I’m having a whole lot of trouble getting motivated today.”
“We’ve all been there. It all gets a little wearisome sometimes, doesn’t it?”
I nodded. I was glad she understood, but I supposed we all did. We tried to pretend we were happy and content, but this place wasn’t meant for contentment. It had been built for punishment, and I had been born into it.
Ember had been born before the frozen days, and at nine years my senior, she could still remember small things about the world, the way it was before. I used to hound her for stories, asking questions about everything. She would gladly tell me her childhood memories.
I stopped doing that a long time ago. It was too hard to hear about things I might never see. I gave up wanting to know.
“It’s tough,” she said. “But the frozen days are over, and the Shepherd is making plans to rebuild a community outside of the caves. We will be free soon.”
I had heard the same talk, and some days it excited me, and others it frustrated me. We had waited so long, and knowing that the end was potentially in our grasp made me yearn that time would just move faster and we could be there at last.
Today was a frustrating kind of day.
“How’s Harlow?” I asked, changing the subject. 
Ember smiled with her mouth, but her eyes failed to follow. I had always marveled at her eyes. They were dark, almost black like the earth, but tiny sparks of amber danced around her pupils. She must have been given her name when her parents saw those eyes. They seemed to blaze and smolder at the same time. I knew she was happy for her sister, even though Harlow was embarking on a path that she would never tread. 
I had learned not to notice the tattoo on her face, but as she spoke of Harlow, it seemed to grow more pronounced. It was a thin black line, stretching from the hairline at the center of her forehead to her left earlobe. Ember was marked. She would never marry, never become a matriarch in the community. She was destined to a life of loneliness and celibacy. Ember was sterile.
“She’s happy, completely terrified and obsessing over everything, but happy,” she said.
“Will I get to see her before she marries?” I asked.
Word had spread through the caves late last night that Harlow and Rowan would be married today, on her birthday. No time like the present, they said. Marriages here were celebrated affairs, but typically done quickly and without much ceremony, so the couple could get to the task at hand. 
Procreation meant survival.
We had all been taught that from an early age. We would breed, increase our numbers, and then we would rebuild. 
“Probably,” said Ember, “She asked me to bring this to you.”
I hadn’t noticed Ember carried with her a small package, as it would have been completely concealed in her closed fist. When she opened her hand I saw a tiny, leather-wrapped bundle. I smiled. Only Harlow would think to send me a gift on her own birthday. I accepted the package from Ember, and she turned to leave.
“Ember,” I said as she pulled away the heavy curtain.
She turned back to me. Her emotions read clearly on her face. She was in pain. Her little sister was becoming a woman today, and she was trapped in an endless adolescence. 
As I stared into her eyes, I was suddenly unsure of what to say. There were no words of comfort for her, and no words of congratulations were appropriate. 
“Tell her I said hello,” I said.
She nodded, and though my words were simple and empty, I think she knew my thoughts. I felt for her, deeply. This had been taken from her, without her consent—a hollow birthright. They had no right, and yet, here she was—alone in her own silent prison.
The air seemed to be sucked from the room when she left. I breathed a silent prayer of thanks that I had been born here in the caves, where what happened to Ember would never occur. Fertility was prized here, almost sacredly. It was the only way to endure.
I glanced down at the small package in my hand, and with shaking hands I untied the lace holding it together. A small oval stone—barely bigger than the end of my thumb—fell from the folds of the soft leather. It was cool and smooth against my skin, and on its surface was painted a tiny dandelion that had gone to seed. Harlow had captured the soft white fluff so accurately that it brought me suddenly back to the first time we both saw one. It was the first spring in both of our young lives. We had never before felt the sun on our faces or the wind in our hair. It was intoxicating. We weren’t allowed in the fields where the soft grass was poking its fresh green blades through the dead remnants that had been for so long buried in snow. The fences kept us inside our stark metal prison, the cracked concrete beneath our feet and the warm blue sky above our heads. I remember breathing deeply as if I had never once breathed before. The air smelled green and delicious.
It was Harlow that saw them first—the little balls of yellow and white, defying the solid pavement—growing in the cracks. We picked handfuls, as many as we could find, their milky sap staining our hands. We had seen flowers before, fruit and vegetable blossoms in the cave gardens, but these were different. They were wild. They and they alone chose where they would grow. 
They showed me things would grow again. 
I turned the stone over in my fingers, feeling its smooth surface. Harlow was a talented painter, especially since paint was not easily found in the caves. Even her brushes were made of her own hair, lovingly trimmed and bound onto the ends of pencils or whittled twigs. She had taught herself to paint, but beyond that, she understood light and color and everything else that made someone a gifted artist. She was able to convey to me in this tiny little image such a vivid memory that it made me want to cry. Those days were gone, the days of us exploring to the limits of our fenced confines.
There was both hope and loss in that stone. 

Two



I pulled myself out of my bed, my bare toes cold against the concrete floor. The metal bunk creaked as I stood. It never ceased to amaze me how my father could sneak out without my knowing. There were a few times that I tried to do it myself, crawl out of his bed without making a noise, but I had found it to be impossible. Perhaps he was right when he told me I slept like the dead. 
Once dressed, I slipped the stone from Harlow into the pocket of my thick, hand-knit wool sweater and picked up my books. School was starting soon. We would likely be let out early for the wedding, but tardiness was never accepted. I had a feeling these weeks at school without Harlow would be long ones. She got me through the tedious history lessons and home economics classes, she let me copy her grammar and horticulture homework and I returned the favor in mathematics and medicinal herbs. 
Medicinal herbs… of course, that was where Father went so early. 
He would be in the clinic, giving Harlow her serum.
Slightly relieved that he hadn’t run off to avoid seeing me, I gathered my things and started off down the hallways to the school wing. 
I was now, officially, the oldest in the school. Boys finished formal education at fifteen and then were brought into the trades. While it was believed that formal education was important, there came a point where more hands were needed. When boys finished school they were trained in combat, mechanics, munitions and the most important, gathering. Without the gatherers, we would not have survived.
Class had just started when I slipped through the curtain and received my disapproving glance from Madam Kohler. In the past there likely would have been some repercussions for my tardiness, but she had all but given up on me. I would be leaving the class soon, and if she hadn’t punished the tardiness out of me by now, it was unlikely she’d manage it. I nodded in swift apology and slid into my chair. The table I sat at was made for two, and the chair beside me was noticeably vacant. 
“Eleven,” I said under my breath—eleven more weeks at school before I would follow Harlow out of this place and into the unknown. 
I didn’t learn a thing all day.


I GROANED.
How did I know he was going to be there? I should have gone with my gut, avoided the area altogether, but no, curiosity had gotten the better of me, and here I was, face-to-face with the most irritating person in the caves.
Torren.
“Hey there Wildcat,” he said, tugging on my braid. 
He’d given me that name when I nearly scratched his eyes out when I was nine. I couldn’t remember what he had done, but surely he deserved it. I did remember feeling perfectly justified even after I spent the evening scrubbing pots as punishment.
“Can I help you with something, Torren?” I said, my sweet tone doing nothing to mask my annoyance. I wasn’t about to help him with anything beyond how to avoid a sucker punch, but it was polite to ask. He was my father’s intern after all, his trusted apprentice. 
I had no idea what Father saw in him. Sure, he was clean-cut, and decently smart, an asset to work in the medical wing, but spending more than ten minutes with Torren made me want to take every drug in there until I found the one that mercifully killed me. 
“You can help me with plenty, Leona, but I can wait until you’re a proper lady.”
I cringed. His tone rang with filth and innuendo. I had no time for him.
“Proper lady? Good luck on that one ever happening.”
“You never know,” he said casually, with a wink. “Miracles can happen.”
He turned and headed off down the halls. I shuddered to release myself of whatever air he had breathed in my direction and hurried through the doors to the medical wing. We had indeed been let out of classes early, as this afternoon Harlow would be marrying Rowan. Weddings were a happy event in the caves, a place where there was often so little to be happy about. There was something about seeing a fresh new marriage, with the promise of tiny blessings to come, that offered up hope to those imprisoned here. There would be nothing lavish or extravagant about the affair. It would merely be a simple exchange of vows and the traditional marriage walk—a moving time where all the married couples line up from those most recently wed, to those still walking together after decades, and one at a time they give the married couple blessings and advice for their marriage. Some spoke their words to the couple loudly; to inspire and encourage the crowd, while others spoke in whispers and twinkle-eyed secrets. It was a tradition to be cherished, a true example of the community we lived in. We had survived and we would continue to—we would help each other.
I walked the hall, the smell of harsh cleaners barely perceptible, but noticeable enough to give the impression of cleanliness. Father strived to make the clinic inviting and comfortable, and for the most part, did a good job of it. It was his department, his second child. He easily spent more time cultivating this place than he did raising me, but I held no animosity about it. It was important work. People didn’t get sick very often. Most of the diseases of the last centuries had been cured long ago with the invention of cellutation. I didn’t understand it completely, though Father had tried on numerous occasions to explain it to me. From what I did manage to catch, it had something to do with the cell structure and finding and replacing the cells that had the potential to carry genetic diseases. Being a type of mutation, it was resisted at first. The public outcry was enough to suspend its widespread use for many years, but gradually the doctors began to convince the masses. By the time the frozen days began, nearly everyone had undergone the series of inoculations. Though there were a few holdouts, mainly those who were older and still wary of the anything new and drastic, all babies were now routinely cellutated at birth, as I had been. Father told me of the degenerative and devastating diseases of the past—cancer, diabetes, MS, ALS, and the lists went on, each more horrible than the last. They didn’t seem real to me. I had been born into a time where sickness was rare and the idea of a disease infiltrating my body was as foreign as the dog-eared paperback ‘futuristic’ alien novels they had in the meager library. We could still get sick, but it happened rarely. Infections and viruses and bacteria were still around, as cellutation did nothing against them, so we had been well-trained in sanitation and bio-security. Germs were the enemy in close quarters, a virus could spread quickly and there would be little that could be done about it. Once an illness was discovered in the caves, drastic measures were taken.
Anything to help us survive.
Cellutation was one of those discoveries that changed mankind forever, but as with every procedure it had its side-effects. In exchange for annihilating those awful diseases, it also made conception much more difficult, hence the fertility serum. Having a baby was still possible, of course, but not as easy as it had been before. There were whole generations that scarcely existed before they figured out a way to overcome the problem.
I knew which way to go. I had spent much of my life here, looking for my father. I turned into the room at the end of the hall. Harlow was there, resting on the simple cot. There was a tube connected to her arm, but I could see the plastic bag that hung above her head was empty. Her eyes were closed, resting peacefully as she waited. 
She looked different already. 
Sensing my presence, or perhaps because she heard my squeaky footsteps stop at her door, she opened one eye.
“How did I know you’d show up?” she said with a smile. 
“Morbid curiosity.”
“Wanted to check what fate awaited you?”
She was far too intuitive for my liking. 
“Nah,” I lied. “Just wanted to witness your big moment.”
“Liar.”
I laughed out loud. 
“Your kids are doomed. They’re not going to get away with anything are they?”
Harlow smiled at the mention of children.
“Not if I have anything to say about it,” she said.
She moved over on the cot and I sat beside her. We both stared at the ceiling in silence as we had always done. Harlow’s mother used to say we were the weirdest twins she had ever seen. We mirrored each other in every way—save how we looked. We didn’t even bother to finish sentences sometimes, because we already knew the ending, and typically, we just didn’t even talk. We didn’t need to. 
“Do you think I’ll be a good mom?” Harlow asked suddenly.
“Better than me, that’s for sure.” I said.
“Leona, be serious.”
I looked at her. She was staring at the inside of her left wrist where the image of a hummingbird was starting to materialize. It was a beautiful thing to see. She traced over it with her finger. It was like a tattoo, a small outline of a hummingbird with wings outstretched. When my father had developed the serum he had added this feature. Many serums had this feature attached to give a visible sign to everyone around that one was inoculated or cellutated. It allowed doctors and others around to understand your medical history. I had the standard cellutation tattoo—an open circle on my right collarbone. It was rare, however, for such a tattoo to be so beautiful. Being that it was a fertility serum, it was also extremely important for women to understand their own cycles. This hummingbird was almost magical. Its form changed throughout the month, wings rising and falling with each woman’s fertility levels. Some women were embarrassed by it, annoyed that others were given a window into what they felt was a private matter—most, however, took pride in it. It was a symbol of prestige, after all, since women who were fertile were women who were wanted, cherished and desired. 
I traced my finger over the lines that were forming before my eyes. The wings of the hummingbird were low; Harlow had a few weeks before she was fully fertile. 
“I’m not the right person to ask,” I said.
Harlow raised an eyebrow.
“Why? Because your mom is gone?”
I didn’t answer.
“Just because you never knew your mom, doesn’t mean you have no idea what makes a good one,” she said. “I asked you because I trust your opinion.”
Ashamed, I pulled my hand away from hers. I was searching in vain for words to fill the ever-lengthening silence, when a figure darkened the door.
My father was dressed in his white coat, his dark hair showed just enough grey to give him the look of one who knew what he was talking about. He did of course, anyone who could create powerful medicines and something as beautiful as the hummingbird was gifted to say the least. He smiled slightly at me as he walked to Harlow. He took a look at the empty bag and jotted something on the chart he carried. 
“Looks like you’re done,” he said. 
Harlow sat up and swung her feet over the side of the bed as he disconnected the bag. She lifted her arm so he could remove the needle that was taped to the inside of her elbow. 
“It’s going to take a few days to hit full potency,” said my father. “You’re going to feel a little hormonal until then, but I’ve never had anyone complain.”
He winked at her as he held a piece of gauze against the little drop of blood that formed when he removed the needle. He fumbled for a piece of medical tape and taped the gauze down. 
“Thanks,” said Harlow.
He turned to me.
“Leona, can you walk her back to her room?” he asked. “She’s been lying down for a while and might be kind of dizzy.”
I nodded, though Harlow protested.
“I’m not dizzy,” she said.
“Ok then,” my father raised an eyebrow and changed his tone. “Leona, can you walk Harlow back to her room? You two girls probably have a lot to talk about before this afternoon, now that our dear Harlow has become a woman.”
I laughed out loud as he winked at Harlow, who flushed a deep red. She stood, mouth slightly open, as if she wanted to say something, but wasn’t sure what. I snickered slightly and took her hand, pulling her with me out into the hall. 
We walked in silence until we got to her room. There were people everywhere, bustling around, getting ready for the wedding. Ember rushed through the curtain, her arms full of fabric. She stopped abruptly when she saw us.
“Harlow, it’s about time!” she said. “We need to braid your hair and clean you up.”
Harlow nodded. 
I saw Ember’s eyes drop to Harlow’s wrist but it was pressed into her chest, the hummingbird hidden from view. 
Harlow turned to me as Ember hurried away.
“I guess I’ll see you later,” she said.
I nodded. “I’ll be there.”
She pushed the curtain aside.
“Harlow,” I said, calling her back to me. 
She stopped, but didn’t turn.
“I have a vision of my mom, the kind of mom I think she was,” I started.
She turned her head to look into my eyes.
“I like to think she was the perfect mom, the mom anyone would dream of,” I continued. “And I think… I think you’re a lot like her.”
Harlow smiled and slipped through the curtain, sucked into the myriad of voices and people.
And then she was gone.


I WATCHED THE WEDDING with tears in my eyes. 
Harlow looked so happy, so at peace. Her hair shone and her face glowed, giving her almost an ethereal look. She wore new clothes. It was the same as the clothing we all wore, but it was new. Every bride was given a fresh new outfit to start her new life. It was typically made for her by the elder women in her family, and I could tell Ember had made this dress for her. There were few women in the caves who had the skill with a needle that she did, and Harlow’s dress fit her like a dream. 
There was no one who would make my wedding clothes. 
I pushed back at the thoughts that crowded into my head. Today wasn’t about me. It was Harlow’s day. It wasn’t the time to be self-absorbed. New clothes were uncomfortable anyway. I didn’t want new clothes. I chuckled to myself as I noticed Harlow’s hand absently reach to scratch her skin under the stiff new collar.
I watched as Harlow and Rowan laughed together, and smiled as the other married couples bestowed their blessings and wisdom on the new couple joining their ranks. 
The wedding ended early. They were short affairs, at least for the public. The celebration was just beginning for Harlow and Rowan, but it would be a private celebration. 
I left right after the couple. Most of the people would stick around in the meeting hall; any excuse to celebrate was taken and embraced. I wasn’t in the mood for celebration. I was happy for Harlow, of course, but I just wanted to be alone. Now that she was gone, I could allow myself to withdraw.
At first, I went to my room, but it felt like the walls were pressing in on me. The caves seemed to be lacking in oxygen today, so I pulled on my cloak. The deep green fabric fell heavy against my shoulders, adding to the burden they already carried. Pulling the fur-lined hood low to hide my face; I slipped through the hall, taking a route I knew was likely to be deserted.
The cold air rushed into my lungs as I opened the door to the yard. It was icy and felt like needles in my throat, but compared to the stale warm air in the caves, it was a relief. Once my eyes had adjusted to the sudden darkness, I stood in silence, gazing at the stars that crowded the sky. The moon was low on the horizon, casting long shadows on snow that reflected its light.
I shivered under my cloak. I cursed myself for neglecting to bring my thick mittens. Shoving my hands into my armpits, I walked slowly toward the fence. The chain link was my friend and my enemy. It kept me safe, protected everything I knew and held dear, yet there was a small part of me that longed to be on the other side. We were regularly reminded of the many people on the outside of the fence who were not prepared for the frozen days, people who would resort to violence and destruction to take what we had. We were safe here, well-defended. Those who did venture to the other side were silent about what they saw. 
I had a hunch that they saw nothing at all.
Sure, in the early part of the frozen days there was probably hysteria, looting and violence, but that was so long ago. If people hadn’t figured out a way to survive by now, they likely weren’t alive at all. 
When I reached the fence I peered through it, standing so close that my breath frosted the metal links. I pulled my hand from under my cloak and ran it along the cold steel, hard and unyielding. 
The gate was to my right, not far. 
I took one step closer. 
Who would know? They were all at the wedding.
Another step.
It was within my reach. I lifted my hand to the latch and pushed it. My warm fingers stuck to the frosty metal slightly. The gate was never locked to those on the inside. It was impossible to open from the outside, but from here any child could get through if they wanted to. I froze with the unlatched gate in my hand.
I let go.
It swung open with a screech that shattered the silence of the dark. I cursed under my breath. 
There I stood—nothing between me and the world. I didn’t even know how to look at the landscape without the obstruction of the fence in the way. It looked completely different. I took a deep breath and spanned the few steps that stood between me and complete freedom.
I didn’t even hear him coming.
Strong arms wrapped around me from behind, hauling me back through the fence, away from the beauty of the world I had just discovered. I watched it slip from my fingers as the gate screeched angrily and slammed shut.
“What on earth do you think you’re doing?” the voice shouted angrily in my ear.
Father.
“I just wanted…”
“To get yourself killed?”
He spun me around to look at him. He was angry, breathing fast and glancing out toward the black sky and faintly glowing snow, as if looking for something.
“No, Father… I just wanted to see,” I said. I knew the words were lame and childish as it came out of my mouth, but there was no stopping it. 
“Leona,” he said, no longer shouting. “I thought I taught you better than this.”
Hot tears filled my eyes and threatened to spill down my cheeks. I had disappointed him again. 
“I wasn’t going to go far, I wouldn’t have been in any danger,” I said, trying to muster up some bravado. “And you know as well as I do that I could defend myself if I needed to.”
I did have my sling with me, I always did, but my knives were tucked safely under my mattress.
Father stared into my eyes.
“You think you know what you’re up against?”
I nodded, my stubborn streak rearing its ugly head.
“Come with me,” he said, turning toward the door. “There’s something I think you need to see.”
He didn’t wait for me, and by the time curiosity overcame my obstinacy, I had to run to catch up. 
I made it through the door behind him before it closed. I hadn’t realized how cold I was until the warm air enveloped me. My fingers burned as the frigid blood inside them objected to the sudden warmth. I rubbed them together to stimulate circulation. I didn’t ask where we were going, not that I would have expected an answer. 
Father walked with purpose and I had difficulty keeping up with his long strides. We turned corners and went through doorways until I was completely confused. I had always prided myself on my ability to navigate the caves. Even as a child I had explored more than any other kid I knew, and there were few who would dare to test my knowledge, but here I was disoriented. I grappled for landmarks, something that would tell me where I was, but came up empty.
I had never been here before.
Father stopped. We were standing alone in a dark room. There was a single, thick candle on the floor in the middle of the room, casting dancing light on the floor and walls. Not enough to see where we were, but I was sure I had never been here before. I would have remembered a room like this.
“Where are we?” I asked, breathing hard.
“The sanctuary.”
He crossed the room in a few strides and flipped the light switch. They buzzed and flickered to life. What I saw then made my breath catch in my throat. The walls were covered with markings. Some crudely hand-drawn, others neatly etched. Names, drawings, phrases, and quotations covered every inch of the walls and much of the ceiling. I stood in awe and tried to absorb and read the things written before me.
“What is this place?” I asked.
“These are the people who have died since the frozen days began,” he said. “We write their names here to remember.”
It was difficult to fathom that this many people were no longer with us. We seemed to be such a large community, so the idea that once there were so many more seemed strange.
I walked around the room, reading the things people had written to remember those they loved.
“Is my mother here somewhere?”
He nodded toward one wall. I followed his gaze to a small cross, drawn with a precise hand, and delicately lettered. It was obviously the work of my father. Her name was simply written, Delta Jade Parsons, nothing more, nothing less. I slowly placed my hand on the cross and pressed my palm into the wall, trying desperately to suck some of her back from it. 
“Why now?” I asked.
“What do you mean?”
“She’s been gone so long, and you have waited this long to take me here, so why now?”
In some ways I was angry with him for not bringing me here sooner, but I couldn’t understand why he had chosen this one moment. All the times I had grieved for her and thought she was gone from me and here stood a memorial to her. 
“I wanted you to see what coming here cost us,” he said, his voice deep, and threatening emotion.
I stared at the names. There were hundreds. 
“Some of them died just getting us here, others, defending us. Others died just because we were here. I don’t want you to take their sacrifice for granted. They did it for you.”
“Me?”
“You and the rest of your generation. They died so you could survive the frozen days, and hopefully someday make it out the other side and rebuild.”
There they were, like fallen soldiers around me, heroes—all of them. 
I had thought only of myself, and here in the midst of those who gave themselves fully to our plight I felt ashamed. No curiosity or feelings of claustrophobia were worth jeopardizing what they worked so hard to achieve. 
“I’m sorry.”
I bit my tongue to keep myself from giving excuses, justifying my behavior. Anything I said would ring hollow in this hallowed hall. Under the hum of the flickering florescent lights I stood, shamed and solemn. 
“Leona,” Father said. His voice was soft, almost a whisper. He too was humbled by this room. “I didn’t bring you here to make you feel bad; I just wanted to help you understand.”
“I know.”
“You might think you do, but listen anyway.”
He crossed the room and stood directly in front of me, lifting my chin to look him straight in the eye.
“You’re the only thing I have left, Leona. Everyone I have loved is on this wall except for you, and if you join them, there will be nothing left for me.”
I had expected him to sound angry, but instead, I sensed fear in his voice. He was truly terrified of losing me. I met his stare and set my jaw.
“I won’t Father. You won’t have to write my name here.”
His hands fell limp at his sides and his shoulders slumped, defeated.
“Oh Leona,” he sighed. “Yes I will.”

Three



It was three days before I started to feel like myself again. My father’s words haunted me, and in every spare minute of my day, I found myself in the sanctuary, running my hands over the names, and seeking solace with my mother. 
I was on my way there when Rowan ran up and stopped me in the halls. 
“Have you talked to Harlow recently?” he asked.
Of course I had, no wait… I hadn’t. The last time I had seen her was when she left their wedding. I had been so preoccupied I hadn’t even gone to find her the next day for her first impressions of being married. 
“Are you looking for her?”
He shook his head. “I know where she is, that’s part of the problem.”
I wasn’t getting it.
“She’s become… rather… predictable lately,” he said. “I was hoping you had spoken with her so you could reassure me that it’s all just in my head.”
“I’m sure she’s just getting used to being a wife.” I said. I had no idea, but I hoped I sounded convincing. Concern was written all over his face. I had no idea why predictability would cause concern.
“She loves you Rowan.”
He smiled weakly. “Oh, I know. I have no doubts of that, she’s just different is all, not the same Harlow.”
“Well of course not.” I laughed. “She’s a woman now.”
I winked at him, hoping a little levity would lighten the burden he obviously carried. I had always thought Rowan to be a rather sensitive man, more so than any other man I had met. He seemed to be able to understand Harlow on such a deep level, possibly even deeper than me.
He didn’t laugh. I thought he would.
“Could you just talk to her?” he asked. “If something is wrong… with me… or with us… I just want to know.”
I nodded.
“Of course, Rowan. I’ll let you know if I learn anything.”
As he walked away, I watched him go. Only three days into their marriage and already there was something wrong. I knew I should probably go find Harlow right away, help Rowan find the answers he was looking for, but I decided instead for a quick trip to the sanctuary. 


THERE, BY THE LIGHT of a candle, I found peace and unrest. Together they visited me, and dueled in my head for my allegiance. 
I thought about marriage. It seemed futile since there was no man in the caves with whom I would choose to share my bed, and if even Harlow and Rowan—two people so in love and perfectly matched—were having trouble, how could there be any hope for me? 
I thought about Harlow.
I thought about the great big, empty field on the other side of the fence.
I thought about my promise to Father. Why would he think I would break it? He had taught me to be strong, powerful and confident. Did he really believe I would make some fatal mistake and get myself killed? I was probably more prepared to defend myself than any man in the caves. 
My muscles began to ache on the cold hard floor, while my stomach complained loudly. With a start, I realized that my quick trip had turned into an entire afternoon. I hadn’t even made any effort to go find Harlow, and though I would likely see her at supper, there would be too many ears around tuned for gossip. 
I would find her though, soon enough, and I would see what my Harlow had to say.
 

IT WASN’T HARD TO find her. She was serving food in the supper line. I smiled. I was famished and glad for the connection in the kitchen. I hadn’t been hungry for the last few days, and though Father had brought some food back to the room for me, I had barely touched it. Now, I felt as though I could eat the entire stockpot of whatever gruel or bland vegetable they had for us today. And if there was anyone around who would slip me a little extra, it was Harlow.
The line moved slowly, it always did when the food was terrible—which was the case more often than not. No one complained though, at least, not out loud. We were all in the same boat and there was really no other choice. The Shepherd had done the best he could, and for over seventeen years had fed the flock three squares a day. It was as close to a miracle as we could hope for. I felt for the older folks though, those who had lived in the outside world and knew the wonders of grocery stores and farmer’s markets with their overflowing supplies of fresh colorful fruits and vegetables, meat cases and row upon row of decadent choices. When the despair grew heavy on them, they told us stories of things like chocolate and cotton candy and cherries. We young ones lapped up their detailed descriptions like the many flavours we had never known. The only treat we knew here was ice cream, and even that was seldom made. While making a frozen treat wasn’t difficult, our cows didn’t tend to make much cream, and sugar was valuable. I think in my life I could remember eating it no more than three or four times. 
I was at the end of the line; it was a conscious choice, since I was more likely to receive extra rations if everyone else had already been served. I could see the food as I neared the counter, but I didn’t need to see it. I could identify what it was by smell. There was turnip mash, steamed kale and rice meagerly dotted with bits of chicken. It wasn’t the worst of the meals we could have, highly nutritious, but terribly bland. 
Harlow was serving the mash at the end of the counter. As I waited in line, I watched her. Rowan was right; there was something different. She smiled and looked happy, but there was something almost vacant about her. It was nearly imperceptible, and I doubted anyone who didn’t know Harlow like I did would notice any change at all. I couldn’t quite put my finger on it, but there was something about the way she spoke to the people coming through the line that made me uneasy. She was friendly, courteous, attentive… everything she always was, but something just wasn’t quite right.
I picked up one of the tin plates. It was warm in my hands. Someone must have just washed it and sterilized it. I held it out to the other women in line, who greeted me as they spooned up the unappealing food. I barely noticed them, or how much they added to my plate, I was distracted by a growing sense of unrest as I neared my childhood friend.
Her cheeks were flushed with the heat and the steam rising from the mashed turnips in front of her. She dug her spoon deeply into the nearly empty pot and I could hear the sound of metal scraping metal as she collected every last bit. 
She didn’t notice me until I was right in front of her.
“Oh, hello Leona,” she said. She was friendly enough, but not as intimate as she’d usually be with me. “Here you go, dear.” I felt my plate get heavier as she dumped some turnips beside the rice and kale, but I didn’t take my eyes off her.
Someone came up behind me and pushed me slightly forward. She scooped more food onto the plate that was waved in front of me. I stood, watching her. Waiting for her to acknowledge me as the sister I had become to her. 
She caught my eye again.
“Is there something else you need?” she asked.
“No… no,” I stammered, not sure what to say. 
“She’s fine, Harlow,” a deep voice said from beside me as I felt a hand on the small of my back, guiding me away.
“That’s good.” Harlow’s face lit up with a smile, which furthered my uneasiness. I felt myself being led away, and I allowed it. Even though I wanted to go back and talk to her, I had no idea what to say. She didn’t do anything wrong, per se, but like Rowan said, she was different.
It wasn’t until I got to the table that I looked to see who had led me there.
“Honestly Torren,” I said, instantly irritated, “Do you follow me around?”
“You do know that we live in the same place, right?” he said as he shoveled a forkful of rice into his mouth. 
“Yeah, but there are plenty of other tables.” That wasn’t exactly true. I looked around. The dining area was pretty full as people finished their food and lingered. It was suppertime, so other than those who needed to tend to animals, much of the work for the day was done. Those who had finished were pulling out cards and chatting as the ladies cleared the tables and began to wash the dishes. 
Torren raised an eyebrow. He had led us to the only two empty seats in the room. I flushed and focused on my food.
“Hey,” I said, “how come you got more food than me?”
My plate was full, but his was near to overflowing, and he had already made a serious dent in it, while I had not yet started.
He laughed. “I’m a man,” he said. “Men need more food.”
“Says who?”
“Says genetics.” He rolled his eyes as if there wasn’t even a question.
“Chauvinist,” I said, muttering under my breath.
He snorted. Apparently I hadn’t said it as quietly as I had thought.
I ate in silence, though I no longer felt hungry. It didn’t matter because the food was tasteless to me anyhow. The sounds of the room faded to a hum as I tried to wrap my head around Harlow. I wrestled with myself. Yes, she had seemed different to me, but perhaps she was just getting used to her new role, acclimating herself to her new job, and new circle of women. It wasn’t like she was unfriendly after all. No matter what arguments I could come up with, they all rang hollow to me. 
By the time I finished the last bites of my supper and allowed myself out of my thoughts to rejoin society, the room had started to empty out. Torren was gone, and so was his plate. I hadn’t even noticed him leave. He wasn’t the only one, at least half of the tables were now empty, and looking over the counters into the kitchen, the dishes were mostly cleaned and packed away in anticipation of the next meal. I could see Harlow in the kitchen, quietly and carefully wiping off one of the countertops. I stood quickly and lifted my skirts to step over the bench. Grabbing my empty plate I headed for the counter. 
“Sorry I took so long,” I said, as I left my plate in the bin designated for dirty dishes. 
“Oh, don’t worry about it,” she said, as she came over to take it to the sink. There was a large, industrial dishwasher, but it was probably turned off already, and there was little sense using it for just my plate and fork. 
“Well, now you have to wash it by hand,” I said lamely. I expected her to roll her eyes at me, tell me I was being an idiot, and accuse me of being melodramatic.
“That’s ok,” she said. “I like washing dishes.”
“You like washing dishes?”
“Of course,” she said, smiling, “I like doing anything I can to help.”
It was true, kind of. Harlow was a very helpful person, but no one really liked washing dishes.
She started to run water over the plate, rinsing it before plunging it into the soapy water that was still steaming in the stainless steel sink. To her credit, she really did look happy about it.
I turned to leave, but thought better of it.
“Hey, Harlow,” I said. “Do you want to take a walk? I mean, when you’re done.”
“I can’t,” she said abruptly. “When I finish here, Rowan will be expecting me.”
Of course. She would want to go see her husband. 
Suddenly I felt that much more alone. 

Four



I spent the next weeks as alone as I felt. I drifted in and out of classes, not listening to or understanding anything they were trying to teach me. I barely saw my father. I assumed he was busy with work, or with Council business. I refused to think that he was just avoiding me. 
I had spoken with Rowan only once since my conversation with Harlow. I used the term “conversation” loosely, since while we had spoken, there was nothing more to it than the pleasantries spoken by casual acquaintances. I found myself grieving for her, even though I saw her daily, and spoke to her regularly. My best friend had gone somewhere, and the sight of her wrenched my heart every time. She was different. She wasn’t Harlow. 


I KNEW SHE WAS pregnant as soon as I saw her.
We were in the gardens. I was there with my class, learning about the benefits of non-traditional medicinal herbs, or something like that. I wasn’t exactly paying attention. I saw her kneeling in the gardens. All women were put on a rotation at the beginning, to give them the opportunity to try all the jobs designated to their gender, to find the area they are most gifted in. It must have been Harlow’s garden rotation, since she was never anywhere she wasn’t supposed to be anymore. I knew this for sure, since I staked out the stables in the evening, waiting for her. She had always come to see the animals in the evening, and so far I hadn’t seen her. She was a newlywed though, I couldn’t realistically expect to find her wandering around outside when she had a husband to go home to, but I still hoped. Hoped that our friendship would draw her, just once, to where I was. 
Harlow was leaning over the freshly-turned soil, painstakingly planting individual carrot seeds. We always planted one seed at a time. Madam Kohler had explained once that in the old days people would sprinkle entire handfuls in a row and then when the tiny seedlings came up, they’d pluck out any extras to leave room for the strongest roots to grow. It seemed horrifically wasteful to me. Seeds were a precious commodity in the caves. They kept us alive. Every seed here was treated carefully, from the time it was collected, stored, saved and replanted. We wouldn’t have survived over seventeen years if we had thrown plants away. 
I watched her as she worked and even from across the room I could see the telltale glow on her face. Whether she knew herself yet, I couldn’t be sure, but it was as plain to me as if someone had written it on her face in permanent ink. My heart swelled with pride at my friend. I wanted to rush to her, leaping over partially grown cabbages and rows of green beans, and I would have… if she were the Harlow I knew. But she wasn’t. My Harlow was gone, and the distance between us prevented anything but the most superficial of relationships. 
All I could do was hope she’d come back to me. She knew where to find me, after all, and I had no idea where to start looking for her.


I WENT TO THE SANCTUARY that night, hoping to find some comfort with the dead. Dead people had a way of making you feel a tiny bit better about your problems. 
The room wasn’t empty tonight. 
I could see his shape, silhouetted against the candle. He sat on the floor, long legs crossed in front of him. His head was in his hands. Despite not being able to see his features, I knew exactly who it was. 
Slowly I stepped backwards, hoping he wouldn’t notice me at the door. 
“You are seriously the least sneaky person I have ever met, Leona.”
“Shut up,” I said. I could have thrown a knife into the back of his head before he’d notice I was there. Whether I actually would was debatable, and depended wholly on my mood. Today I didn’t have the energy to actually kill him, but I couldn’t be sure about tomorrow.
“Are you coming in, or are you still planning on skulking away?” he asked. 
I faltered. I had planned on being alone. The idea of sharing the sanctuary had never really occurred to me. 
“I’m not going to bite,” he said, “though I can’t always say the same about you.”
 “I don’t bite,” I said lamely. Was it that obvious I had been thinking about driving a knife into his skull? 
He snorted. “Maybe you should try it… I might like it.”
I could tell by his shaking shoulders that he was trying desperately to hide his amusement. I flushed, grateful for the candlelight. 
“Shut up, Torren.”
Now he was openly laughing.
“You sure do have a way with words, don’t you?” he said, snickering.
I resisted the urge to smack him. Somehow it didn’t feel right with my mother watching. 
Grunting, I found a seat against the wall and leaned back. Torren had stopped chuckling and had pulled the stub of a pencil from his pocket and was writing something on the wall. The name he wrote beside was Orion McCreary. 
“Who is Orion?” I asked.
“My brother.”
Torren was a few years older than I was, but I had never known him to have a brother. 
“You would have been ten when he disappeared.” Torren said, answering the question I hadn’t asked. “I was thirteen.”
“I don’t remember him.”
“That doesn’t surprise me; he wasn’t exactly a favorite around here. Your father would have made sure your paths didn’t cross.”
I couldn’t remember my father being terribly overprotective. 
“He spent a lot of time on the search teams, so he wasn’t here much, and when he was, he was usually causing trouble.”
I didn’t ask. He could tell me if he wanted, but I felt weird prying. Torren was always the kind of person who needed to fill silence, so I didn’t doubt that he would continue talking if I just stayed quiet. Obviously with over 300 people living in the caves, it was impossible to know everyone, but I had never even heard Orion’s name mentioned. 
“The council wanted him to marry. He was nineteen and they had a nice girl picked out for him, but it turned out that he had already secretly proposed to someone he wasn’t allowed to marry.” 
It was unheard of. Marrying in secret? Against council wishes? This time I remained silent out of shock. Torren didn’t offer more. He continued writing on the wall.
“What happened?”
Torren shrugged. “I don’t know everything, but he left. I woke up in the middle of the night and he was jamming stuff in a bag and sneaking from our room. He had told me that he was going to go… find a place where they could be together, and then come back for her. That was the last time I saw him.”
He took the pencil from the wall and slipped it back into his pocket. He got up from the floor and walked toward the door. 
“Torren?” I said. I wanted to ask, even though I was pretty sure I already knew the answer.
He stopped in the darkness of the hallway. I could see his face in the candlelight, accenting the rough angles of his cheekbones and the deep hollows of his eyes. He didn’t look at me, but he knew what I wanted to know.
“Yeah, it was Ember.”
Then he was gone, vanished into the dark without a sound. 
I sat there alone for a while, but any purpose I had in coming seemed to slip from my fingers. I got up and headed for the door but on the way, paused to look. Written in pencil beside Orion’s name, in Torren’s distinctly scrawled hand... I’m sorry. 

Five



“Happy birthday Leona.”
I pulled my blankets over my head and ignored it.
Ember laughed. “Is there ever a time I come here and you’re not in bed?”
“I don’t know,” I said, my voice muffled by the blankets. “If I wasn’t in bed, I wouldn’t be here, so I wouldn’t know if you came.”
“True enough,” she said. “For the record, I don’t come here very often.”
I pulled the blankets off my head and rolled my eyes at her. 
“Yeah right. You come here and lie in my bed and wear my clothes and pretend to be me,” I said. “I know you do.”
Ember snorted. “As if. Why would I pretend to be someone as lame as you?”
I smiled. Ember reminded me so much of Harlow, and I missed the sisterly banter I used to have with her. 
“She should be in here you know,” Ember said, as if she could read my thoughts.
“I know,” I said. “But I don’t want to think about it.”
“Then get your lazy ass out of bed.”
“Good luck on that one,” I said as I covered my head back up. “I don’t have to go to school anymore.”
“Pft. You’re a woman now. They’ll have all sorts of crappy jobs for you to do,” said Ember, pulling back the blankets. “Time to get up so you can go to your toilet-cleaning rotation.”
“Ugh. Go away.” I said. “You suck at birthday wishes.”
I got up, despite my personal objections to the day.
Ember sat on the bed beside me. She picked the brush up from the table near my bed and started slowly brushing my hair. She had never done that before, but I wasn’t about to complain. As long as I could remember, I had taken care of myself, and it was nice to melt into this one little luxury. I relaxed as she carefully worked out the snarls and any tension in me at the same time. 
“I don’t want to be a woman,” I said slowly. 
“I do.”
My heart sank to hear her words. It was true. She was a woman in every sense of the word, except for one. She would never be a mother, and because of that, she had no value in the caves. She would never marry, and would live the rest of her life in suspension. It seemed completely unfair.
“Who did it to you?” I asked.
“My parents,” she said. 
“Why?”
I had known Ember all my life, and I had known she was sterile, but I had never found the nerve to ask why. Here in this moment, feeling like she was my only friend in the world, I suddenly needed to know.
She sighed. 
“It’s a long story, Leona. Don’t you have better ways to spend your birthday?”
“Nope,” I said. “I’m sure I have an appointment with my father and a needle, but I’m in no rush for that.”
She smiled. “Be glad of it.”
It was difficult to be glad, but I nodded anyway.
“A long time ago, before the frozen days, life was very different,” she said.
“I know, I’ve heard the stories.”
“Not all of them apparently.” She had finished brushing and had busied herself, expertly creating an intricate braid out of my hair. I had a feeling she missed Harlow as much as I did. I had always envied Harlow’s hair, as I had no one to braid mine. Father tried when I was younger, but as I got older I learned to do a simple braid for myself, or just let it hang loose. 
“Your hair is a beautiful color,” Ember said. “You look very much like your mom.”
“Really?” I choked on the words. 
“Her hair was brighter red, but yours is rich and deep, more like copper.”
Ember’s hands pulled through my hair gently. 
“Torren told me about Orion.”
Her hands stopped for a second, and then continued, pretending she hadn’t heard what I said about Orion. 
“They thought it would protect me. That’s why they did it. I try not to hate them for it.”
I didn’t need to see her to know the look on her face. I could almost feel the pain in her fiery eyes.

Six

Ember

It was summer then. There was nothing in the world that could take the smell of lilacs from my nose. My sister Rhea and I hung lazily from the pecan tree in our front yard. It had low-hanging branches, easy enough for me to climb, and challenging enough for my older sister. My feet were barely off the ground, but it seemed so high to my 8-year-old mind. I felt like I could touch the sky. It was sunny, and the light filtered through the fluttering leaves and danced in patterns in my lap. Rhea was much higher than I was, glanging down at me now and then. Mother and Father had told her to keep an eye on me, but at times I knew I was more a bother to her than a blessing. She was fourteen years old. I remember vividly because we had celebrated her birthday only days before. She blew out the candles on her cake in the backyard. It was just us. Father was reading the news with a scowl on his face, barely noticing the festivities around him. Mother leaned forward to hug Rhea, her apron not quite concealing the obvious swell of her abdomen. Rhea was delighted, Mother had decorated her cake with strawberries, a favorite of hers and not easy to come by those days. She got a bike, an orange one, almost the exact same color as the peaches that hung heavy on Old Mrs. Everson’s tree every summer. I had an old bike. It was blue and rusty. It had been hers once upon a time, but she had outgrown it. Maybe someday when that beautiful orange bike was old and rusty, I could have it too. 
Our bikes were pulled up against the trunk of the pecan tree, the only evidence to our whereabouts that we left below. Mother and Father told us never to leave the yard. Things were too dangerous for us. I couldn’t see how. We lived in a beautiful tree-lined suburb, and other than Mr. Oliver’s wily Weimaraner that occasionally slipped his leash and chased us down the street, everything seemed idyllic. There were no other children on the street. There hadn’t been for a while, at least not as long as Rhea could remember. It wasn’t so popular anymore, she said. 
“People don’t really like kids, I guess.”
“Mother and Father do,” I protested, wondering how on earth there could be people who didn’t like kids. 
She shrugged and that was the end of it.
Mother and Father were at work that day. They worked most days. Father was a laborer. He came home every day with the sweat and filth of the job etched into the sun-beaten lines on his face. We were not to disturb him until he had seared himself in a scalding shower. His work changed regularly, and he never knew what job he was going to be doing when he arrived at work. He was skilled in metal work, and I remembered many nights when Mother would sit bent over his hand at the kitchen table, pulling shiny, microscopic splinters from their seat in his skin.
“Why you don’t wear gloves, I have no idea,” she would say. 
“Maybe you should change some policies and make them a mandatory part of our uniform,” he’d answer. 
Mother worked in the government. She was part of the Society and though I never really knew what she did, I knew it must have been something important. Her skin was soft and creamy, her hands were seldom used for more than affixing a signature to a document. She worked with her brain. 
I was so proud of her, I knew even at such a young age that she was a success. Women were successful and I knew that one day I would be one of them. 
I looked up to Rhea in the branches above me. She was balanced on her back along the length of the branch. Her legs hung, each on one side of the thick limb. Her amber-colored hair bunched up under her neck and sun glinted off of it, making it look almost white. She was my complete opposite. 
“I’m going to work in the government like Mother one day.” I said, declaring it as much to myself as to anyone else. 
“Don’t be dumb,” said Rhea.
“It’s not dumb.” I said, in my best indignant, grown-up voice. “Mother is important and someday I’m going to be important too.” I had started third grade the year before. I felt very informed and worldly.
Rhea sat up and looked down at me. 
“We barely see her,” she said. “Don’t you want her home with us?”
Rhea was right, I too waited anxiously for the summer days to pass. We were alone all day. There was no one on the street who would watch us. Old Mrs. Everson tried once, but Rhea locked her cat under the deck and poked it with a stick until she told us we were no longer welcome. School days were ok, we were only alone for a few hours before our parents got off the train, but summer days, those were the ones that never seemed to end. Had I known the days that would come, I would have relished them more carefully, but at that tender age, they just seemed like an eternity. There was almost no one on our street during the day, so it was unlikely anyone beyond Mrs. Everson and Mr. Oliver would notice two unsupervised children, and they didn’t seem to care anyway. I sometimes caught Mr. Oliver peeking at us through the faded curtains of his living room window. Rhea said Mother and Father told him to spy on us, to make sure we didn’t leave the yard. I didn’t know if that was true, but it kept me from setting even one toe over the curb. 
“Ember,” Rhea said from her perch above me, “It’s hot, go get us some popsicles.”
If there was any benefit to being unsupervised for the summer, it was this: popsicles whenever we wanted them. I smiled and hopped down from my branch into the soft, long grass. Father hadn’t mowed in a while. My bare feet wiggled in the cool blades as I made my way to the house. The wooden deck boards squeaked under the weight of my skinny, childish body. I was tiny for my age, my long dark hair falling in tangles down my back. I wiped my feet on the mat, taking care to ignore the layer of grime that coated even the tops of them, and went toward the kitchen. 
If it was hot outside, inside was positively stifling. I pushed the kitchen window open to let a breeze blow through the stuffy room. There was no breeze to speak of, not even enough to move the yellow printed curtains that hung above the window. My light cotton shirt was damp with sweat, and my hair clung to the back of my neck. I started toward the fridge, but spied the sink on my way. Pulling a heavy kitchen chair across the smooth floor, I pulled myself up to the sink and turned the handle. Cold, clear water spilled from the tap. I let my hands languish in the crisp icy flow. Pushing my head toward the water, I drank greedily from the tap, letting the water spill over my cheeks and down my chin. I could feel the chill permeate my small frame, relieving the heavy pressure of the muggy heat. When I had my fill, I dunked my head under the cool deluge, soaking my hair and washing away all the sweat that collected on the back of my neck. 
I knew I was making a puddle on the floor, but I didn’t care. It would be swept up by the hot air well before Mother and Father got home. I stood on the chair, letting my wet hair drip down my back, soaking through my shirt. I wrung my hair out into the sink and hopped down from the chair. I’d need it to reach the top of the freezer too, where the I knew the popsicles were, so I pushed it across the floor once again. 
The freezer air burst from the open door, making a cloud of condensation in the air. I sucked it into my lungs, enjoying every moment. I reached in and pulled two cherry popsicles from the box, their paper wrappers crinkling in my hands as I closed the freezer door. 
It was then that I heard her scream. The sound pierced through the air and stopped me in my tracks. Rhea.
I hurried to the front door, half expecting to see Mr. Oliver’s dog, but there was no barking. I peeked through the screen door to see two men under the pecan tree. One of them had Rhea in his arms, one arm locked around her chest, and the other clamped firmly over her mouth. She struggled and fought, but there was little she could do. Her legs couldn’t reach the ground.
“Go check for another one,” the man said to his partner. “They said there were two here.”
I dashed from the door before I saw the man turn, scampering through the front hallway and up the stairs to my parents’ room. I slid into their closet and closed the door silently behind me. I could hear his heavy footsteps creaking on the wooden floors, and his hard boots thudding as he came up the stairs. My heart pounded so loud, I was sure he’d be able to hear it, and I held my breath as best as I could. My hands shook as I sat there, between my mother’s long coats and dresses, hoping to become invisible. He didn’t come into the room, though I could hear him stop at the door. 
He left. Their truck started with a roar and I could hear the noise fade as it drove down the street.
I felt the tension leave my body the longer I sat there. I scarcely even noticed that at some point I had wet myself. I wanted to phone someone, but I didn’t know the numbers. Mother had drilled her office number into Rhea’s head for emergencies, but I couldn’t remember them. I could do nothing for my sister.
They found me there, sitting in a puddle of urine and melted popsicles, my tear-stained face peeking out from among my mother’s clothes.


THEY DIDN’T KNOW I could hear them, but I could. The police had come and gone, friendly women with sad eyes and serious voices. I told them all I could remember. Shame filled me when I couldn’t even describe the men that took my sister. 
“They were big,” I had said.
They took notes and nodded seriously, but I knew that under their sympathetic looks they were thinking how useless I was. What man wouldn’t be big when compared to a tiny eight-year-old?
Mother paced the floor and Father stormed outside. I saw him kick my bicycle. It made sense. Rhea’s bike was new, there was no sense in wrecking it. 
Mother had undressed me and placed me in a warm bath. I could see the tears on her face, but she said nothing. The water was tepid now, but I didn’t care. I would sit there until someone came back. 
They shouted for a while, each blaming the other, both feeling guilty for something. They cried too. I could hear their sobs of grief. Then they were quieter. I had to sit still and hold my breath to hear them, but I could. 
“We can have it taken care of,” said my mother.
“No,” said my father. “I can’t do that to my child.”
“Do you want this to happen to her too?” My mother’s voice broke. 
“It’s too much.”
“It’s the only way.”
“No.” he said.
“We lost one child today,” said my mother. “I can’t lose another one.”
My father was silent. It was a long time before I heard him speak, his voice low.
“We must pray for a boy.”


IT WAS A FEW DAYS later when they loaded me into the car. I had spoken little in those days, and they even less. We heard nothing from the police, and based on my parents, I expected nothing more. A never-ending night had fallen over our home. Even the world around us seemed to cloud over and I could feel a chill in the air. It was still mid-summer, but it felt like autumn had come early. 
We drove through the city. I watched silently through the window. I saw people going to and from their jobs. The people I saw were very much like my own family. The women wore suits and expensive-looking clothing, while the men were dressed for hard labor, many already dirty from the work they were doing. I too would be one of those women one day. I looked forward to the power and prestige of working in those tall buildings. Rhea’s words echoed through me. Maybe she was right. Maybe someone should have been there with us. Maybe this wouldn’t have happened. But we could scarcely blame Mother. Her job was important, necessary. 
Perhaps it would be better for me to be like most of those women I saw on the sidewalks. Few women had children anymore. It had gone out of fashion. They had careers, important lives, calls to take and deals to make. 
Perhaps my parents were to blame. Maybe they had wanted too much. Had they made the sacrifices everyone else did, Rhea and I wouldn’t have existed and they never would have had to endure this heartbreak.
The buildings grew shorter and older as we drove. We left the glass towers and found dingy brick warehouses. There were more men here. The air was clogged with smoke and dust, and when we stopped the car I could hear heavy machinery banging and rattling. It was deafening. 
We got out of the car in front of a pale grey building. It had almost no windows and a single door in the corner. 
My parents glanced at each other. Mother had her hand on her swollen stomach. I was sure she hadn’t let go since she discovered that Rhea had been taken.
“Are you sure about this?” asked my father.
Mother paused.
“Of course not,” she said, tears filling her eyes. “But what else can we do?”
They led me inside. It was dim and smelled of chemicals. It was a harsh clean smell, the kind that burned at your nostrils and comforted you at the same time. There was no one to greet us. Father tapped the bell that sat on the front counter with a tattered sign saying ‘ring for service’.
“Ah, Mrs. And Mr. Tennyson,” said a woman as she strode in from the hallway. She was dressed like a healer, in white. Her nails were painted a stunning pink and her dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail at the nape of her neck. 
She shook hands with my mother first, then my father. 
“Hello Ember,” she said to me. “Are you ready?”
I had no idea what I was supposed to be ready for, but I nodded anyway.
The woman took my hand and led me down the hall.
“It won’t be long,” she called to my parents. “In just a few minutes, you’ll have peace of mind, just have a seat.”
Whatever peace of mind they were going to have wasn’t transferred to me. I trembled in the thin paper gown they gave me when they took my clothing. The lights were bright and the room was stark and cold. The doctor smiled eerily as she filled syringes and washed her hands.
“Don’t worry Ember, this should only hurt for a moment”
She laid me down on the table and lifted the gown. My naked body shook in the chilly air. Her hands were warm and soft. They massaged my abdomen briefly as she murmured to herself. 
I felt the sting of a needle plunging into my belly. Before I was able to react, the pain was gone. 
“One down, one to go. Just a nice big deep breath and before you know it, I’ll be done.”
My body tensed in anticipation of the needle, making the second one worse, but the second pain too was gone almost as soon as it started. 
She covered me with my gown again. 
“Just lay there for a minute and let the medicine work.” She said.
I did as I was told. 
After what seemed like hours, my parents came into the room. My mother was holding my clothes and shoes and my father stood behind her, a hand around her waist, almost supporting her bulging frame.
I could see the tears well up in my mother’s eyes as she looked at me. 
“Oh Archer,” she said quietly, “What have we done?”
He said nothing, but I could see the pain in his eyes too. 
They dressed me quickly and my father carried me out to the car. It had gotten colder outside and my teeth chattered in the backseat. My mother sat with me, and held me, wrapped in a blanket. Snow had begun to fall, which made no sense to me. I couldn’t remember another time where it had snowed during summer break. We drove home more slowly, the roads were slick with ice, and my father’s hands held tight to the wheel. I watched the people scurry on the sidewalks. They held their light coats tightly around them and dug their hands deep into their pockets as they ducked from one building to another.
It wasn’t until I got home that I noticed the line on my face. It stretched from the center of my forehead to my left earlobe. It was as if someone had taken a pencil and drawn it on. I licked my finger and rubbed at it. It didn’t smudge.
“What is this?” I asked.
My mother sobbed quietly.
“It’s the only way to keep you safe,” said my Father. “Now leave it be.”

Seven





The phone rang that same night. It was as if my parents were expecting it. I had already been tucked into bed. Our dinner had been a silent and tense affair. Neither of my parents seemed to want to look at me, so we all ate while looking down at our plates. I went to bed early. The snow was still swirling, and the neighborhood was fast looking more like a winter scene than a summer day. It was dark and cold out, either the sun had set early or the clouds were so thick that they obscured any of its summer rays.
I heard the call. I couldn’t understand my father’s words, but I could hear a mix of fear and relief in his voice. He hung up.
“It’s time to go.” He said.
I heard the scraping of their chairs in the kitchen, and the hurried sounds of zippers and closet doors. They were packing.
I sat up in bed as my mother came into my room with an empty backpack. Light streamed in from the hallway, but she didn’t turn on the light.
“Ember, get dressed, something warm.” She said as she pulled my rain boots and warmest sweater from my closet. We didn’t have many warm clothes. It rarely got much below freezing. I had far more light summer clothes than warm winter gear. I ended up wearing a few layers, with a thick hand-knit wool sweater on top. It smelled musty from the closet, but I didn’t really care. 
“Take only what’s important,” she said. She had only packed a few small things, my baby blanket, some warm socks, underwear, and a few small photo albums. 
I slipped my favorite stuffed animal into the front of my sweater, buttoning it up over the little brown bunny. Rhea had given it to me for my last birthday. She’d bought it from the corner store with her allowance. It was the only thing she had ever given me, and it seemed wrong to leave it behind. 
“We have to go now,” called my father in a stern voice from the foot of the stairs.
I glanced around my room. There were photos from school friends, souvenirs from family vacations, notebooks full of drawings and the dusty dollhouse I never played with. I shrugged. I had what I needed, and we could come back later for the rest.

Eight

Leona

I’d been in the clinic before, so many times. It had always been a second home to me. I knew where the empty cabinets were—perfect for hiding. I had spent my childhood memorizing every crack in every wall, every flake of missing paint, but on this day, everything seemed foreign. I stared at the ceiling and rubbed the tiny pebble Harlow had given me between my fingers. It had become a kind of talisman for me. I was never without it. The dandelion image was starting to rub off, I handled it so much. Somehow in these last few weeks I had come to accept that my dear friend wasn’t coming back to me, though here I sat, on the brink of joining her, with nothing less than a feeling of dread. 
Would she be there, my Harlow? Would I join the ranks of women, and be accepted to her as the friend I was, or would we always be separated? I prayed with everything in me that I would see her as she was again, but my innate pessimism wouldn’t let me believe it. There was no way of knowing, except to move forward. 
Today was my day—my seventeenth birthday. I was becoming a woman today, and here I sat, alone in the clinic. There was no one to guide me through this step, no one to ease my fears, or celebrate this milestone. I had survived. Seventeen years I had lived in the caves, without ever knowing what lay beyond these walls and fences. I had only recently discovered the sun and the stars. So much lay out there, and I felt that as I lay on the wrinkled sheets of this uncomfortable metal gurney, that I really stood on the edge of some precipice—nothing but the wind at my face and a step into the unknown. It was horrifying and exhilarating all at the same time. My heart thudded deeply in my chest as adrenaline coursed through me. I closed my eyes and held onto that feeling. It was the closest to the rush of freedom I had ever known, and I wasn’t yet willing to let go. 
I barely took note when my father came into the room. He stood at the doorway, a plastic bag of fluids in his hand. I don’t know how long he stood there watching me, as my mind raced through the fear and possibilities. The frozen days were over and my life was ahead of me. I would be a woman now, free to make my own decisions. I would leave the caves once it was safe and make my way in a world I had never seen. I would be strong, and capable, even if I was alone in it. 
“Leona?”
My father’s soft voice brought me back from my grand visions to the dingy room where I sat, the dull bulb flickering absently above my head. I felt like one of the little rubber balls the children played with in the hallways, soaring freely only to smack against one of the hard, concrete walls and change direction abruptly. 
I acknowledged his presence in the room. My father had never been an easy person to read, even for me, his only daughter. I struggled with understanding his motives and feelings, and even as a child had resigned myself to not knowing. Today though, I could see the worry etched on his face as clearly as the lines on a chalkboard. His normal stature was strong, unapologetic, but here he stood, looking nearly defeated under his sterile white coat. I had never seen his broad, strong shoulders slump this way. 
“Father?”
His demeanor changed so suddenly, and so remarkably at my voice that I almost thought I had imagined his earlier appearance, but I still felt that stone in my gut, that knot of unease twisting inside me.
“You ready?” he asked, as I had heard him ask his patients hundreds of times before.
I rolled up the ragged edge of my sleeve to reveal my forearm as he hung the bag on the pole beside me and sat down on the rolling stool beside my bed. It creaked under his weight and rattled on the floor as he moved toward me.
He worked in silence, sterilizing my arm with cold alcohol, finding the vein and inserting the needle. Neither of us spoke until I could feel the warm fluid seeping into me. 
I thought I would be the one to break the silence, but somehow the words couldn’t come. I couldn’t figure out how to tell him the plans I had made for myself. His worried face haunted me and I held my tongue as I struggled to control my own thoughts and dreams
“You’ll be getting married at the end of the week,” he said.
The rubber ball hit the concrete wall again, and the breath was sucked out of me. I now understood his worry. He didn’t want to tell me. He knew I would be upset, especially since I had no need to ask him whom I would be marrying. I knew as surely as I knew my own voice. There had never been another choice. It would be his own apprentice.
I wanted to scream at him, to rage against him, but I had no air inside me, no fight. I wanted to cry, but the tears didn’t come. I stared, mute, at the ceiling, the pattern of the tiles shifting and swirling as my brain tried to force my body to do something, anything. I could feel the serum, drop by drop, entering my body—searing hot in my veins, but I could do nothing.
The loud noises in the hall seemed so far away. I could hear shouting, but I couldn’t understand the words. I felt, rather than saw my father rise to his feet and hurry from the room as slowly I found my breath again. I wasn’t fully conscious yet as I lifted myself from the bed and swung my feet over the edge. I moved as if in a dream, my body controlled by forces other than my own brain. I felt propelled to the door, unaware of the needle in my arm, until I felt the painful tug. I turned back and grasped the IV pole, its rusty wheels screeching as I pulled it with me. The main triage area was brighter than my room and it took a second for my eyes to adjust, though even when I could see clearly, I didn’t fully understand what I saw. 
There was so much blood. 
My father’s white coat was covered in it.
The scene played out before me for a long time before I could get a handle on it. 
Rowan.
He was lying on one of the beds, the shaft of an arrow protruding from his chest. I knew instantly that it wasn’t one of ours. I had never seen one painted as it was. Both my father and Torren were there, pressing down on the wound. Torren didn’t have his white coat on, both he and Rowan were dressed for the outdoors. Torren must have brought him here. It made sense. All men had to serve in rotation on the scout teams. They would have been outside… and attacked? 
I watched in horror as my father pressed wads of precious cotton cloth on the wound to stop the steady loss of blood as Torren lifted a heavy pair of scissors and began to cut away Rowan’s clothing. It fell back in blood-soaked ribbons, exposing his pale chest, pierced so deeply that it amazed me they were able to lay him on his back. I knew that the scouting missions were dangerous, but this seemed outrageous to me. I had never heard of something like this happening, and with so many people in close quarters, it would be impossible for gossip not to spread like wildfire. Who would attack us? We meant no harm to anyone. I breathed a prayer for Rowan as I took note of my father’s capable hands, working quickly. The blood had mostly stopped, but they still worked feverishly. A thin line of sweat was forming on my father’s brow, beading like condensation at his thick, graying hairline. He worked with skill and determination, Torren beside him. They didn’t need to speak, but complemented each other perfectly, as two who had done this before. 
Rowan was unconscious now, thankfully. His moans of pain no longer filled the clinic. He was still breathing though, that I could see. He was struggling, breathing erratically, but still alive. 
Harlow.
Her name came to me suddenly. She must know by now. There would have been more men with them; someone would have gone to tell her, surely. Perhaps they were keeping her away, consoling her somewhere else, far from the blood-stained cloths that littered the floor. It would be too much for anyone, after all, to see the love of their life so close to death. 
I watched for what seemed like hours as the work slowed to a less harried pace. They had removed the arrow and Torren was stitching up the wound. My father mopped his brow with his sleeve, absently, smearing Rowan’s blood on his forehead. He looked weary, exhausted.
“Is he going to live?” I asked, quietly.
He looked up at me, startled. He had obviously forgotten I was here. 
“I think so, as long as we can keep infection at bay” he said. He pulled his coat off his shoulders and let it drop onto the pile of discarded gauze and blood-stained linens on the floor, disappearing in a sea of red and white. He moved toward me, leading me back into the room. He washed his hands slowly in the sink beside my bed and motioned for me to climb back up. 
He splashed water onto his face, the last of Rowan’s blood tinting the water red as it flowed down the drain. He held his face in the towel longer than he needed to, and I watched as he slowly inhaled and exhaled before tossing the towel into the laundry bin.
I sat cross-legged on the bed, my arm still attached to the bag of serum. It was empty now. Father looked up at it and reached over to pull the needle gently from my vein. I watched his face, looking for a clue to the emotions inside him. 
“You’ll probably need to rest for a bit,” he said. “The serum won’t be fully effective for another few days, but you’ll feel fine in an hour or so.”
He spoke like a well-seasoned doctor rather than a father to his daughter. 
“Father?”
He looked at me, his eyes full of thoughts I knew he would never share. 
“I love you,” I said. 
I meant it. 
He smiled weakly, and stood up beside me. He turned to go, but before taking a step, he turned back to me, brushed his hand over my hair and kissed me gently on the forehead. 
Before I realized what had happened, he was gone. 
It was the first time in my memory that my father had kissed me.

Nine



I left the clinic expecting there to be groups of people in the hallway, waiting for news, staging a vigil for Rowan, but the halls seemed emptier than normal. I made it back to my room without seeing anyone. I knew I had to find Harlow, to reassure her of my father’s competence. He had been sleeping peacefully when I left. His vital signs were good and they were sure he was going to make it. 
I found her in the cafeteria, dishing out food as she normally did. There was no hint of worry on her face, no distraction or tension, and no puffiness around her eyes that would tell me she had been crying for her husband. Could it be possible that no one had told her? 
I made my way through the line. I didn’t feel hungry, but it seemed like the right thing to do. I watched her as the line inched forward, the clattering of forks on plates and the constant din of voices around me dull as I focused on her face. It was impossible, I reasoned. She must know. There were only a few hundred people here, it would be impossible for such a horrific thing to happen and not have it affect people in every area of the caves. They all must know. I glanced around the room, everyone seemed completely normal, which in itself, struck me as so abnormal. Even Rowan’s mother, who was serving food right beside her daughter-in-law, seemed completely at peace. There was nothing in her eyes at all that would have showed any worry at all for her son.
I made it to the end of the line where Harlow was dishing out what looked to be some form of dark gravy. 
“Are you ok?” I whispered to her, not trusting my voice to speak without breaking.
“Hello Leona, why, of course I am. Why do you ask?”
“I just came from the clinic, and I saw Rowan…”
She laughed. “Oh, that,” she said dismissively. “I talked to your father about that a little while ago. It’s nothing.”
Nothing? Having your husband nearly pierced through was not my idea of nothing.
“Have you seen him?” I asked.
“Rowan?” she asked. “No, your father just came and told me he was sleeping, and I didn’t want to disturb his rest over such a minor injury. In fact, I’m surprised they had to keep him in the clinic at all.”
“Harlow… he could have died.” I was regaining my voice.
I felt a hand pull me by the arm from the line as Harlow looked at me and laughed. 
“Oh, Leona, stop being so melodramatic.”
She smiled at me and waved as I was pulled backwards. 
I dropped my plate on one of the empty tables with a bang as I was propelled past them to the hallway.
“What are you doing?” Torren hissed at me.
I spun to face him.
“What am I doing?” I said, snapping at him. “What is wrong with her, and you for that matter? And my father? Telling her that it was nothing? I saw him Torren. He almost died in there and you know it.” 
He glared at me and pulled me away from the doors and around the corner as a few people left the cafeteria behind us.
“Of course he almost died… he was pierced through with an arrow. But what good does telling everyone do? The last thing we need in the caves is a panic.”
“You’re worried about a panic?” I said the words as if I was spitting them from my mouth. 
“Of course,” he said. “How can we continue to live in peace in here if we let fear in? Fear, left unchecked, only grows in confined spaces.”
I didn’t even believe what I was hearing. It sounded rehearsed, mechanical.
“So you lied to her?”
“Well, no, technically your father lied to her.”
“But you’re going along with it?”
“Of course,” he said. “Everyone who is concerned for our survival would go along with it.”
“But it’s not true.”
“So?”
“So?” I said. “People are just content to believe everything someone else tells them?”
“That’s how it works.”
Torren was getting irritated by my persistence, I could tell.
“I don’t understand,” I said. “Why didn’t Harlow just go see for herself?”
“Because your father told her not to.”
“Why would she listen to him? It wouldn’t stop me if my husband was in there.”
I stopped short at the look in his eyes. My father’s words echoed in my head. It was him. I was to be married to Torren. I stood here in the quiet hallways arguing with the hypothetical husband I had just mentioned. In a few days we would be married, bound together, with a common purpose. 
His eyes revealed a flash of shame, of some hurt I couldn’t recognize. He turned away.
“It would stop you too.” He said. “Don’t fool yourself.”
“No it wouldn’t. Even if it was you in there, injured, I’d go see. I may not like you, but I’m not completely heartless.” 
“No you wouldn’t, Leona, don’t you see?”
“See what?”
“You have no control over it,” He said, “or, you won’t.”
I didn’t understand and he knew it. 
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Torren said nothing, but shook his head. He spun on his heel and fled into the dark halls. 


I TRIED TO FIND Torren later.
It was probably the first time I had actively looked for him. He had always been around, like spiders that creep out of the dark corners. Always there, in need of a good swat, yet today I couldn’t track him down. I checked the clinic, the stables, watched for him in the dining hall, even wandered past his rooms. There was no sign of him. 
I didn’t have a job to do yet, nor did I need to attend school. I was a woman now, but had yet to be assigned a work rotation, so there was nothing filling my head beyond my cryptic conversation with Torren. His words echoed in my head, bouncing back and forth as if the motion would somehow make them coherent. I whispered them to myself, hoping that hearing them out loud would give them sense. 
Finally, I gave up and went looking for my father. He was a council member, perhaps he would be able to help me understand. He had never been the most forthcoming person, but I hadn’t known him to lie to me when I asked him something outright. 
I rounded the corner and as I walked I could hear voices through the open clinic doors. They were soft, almost a whisper, but charged. I could feel emotions, even from the hallway, and though they were being quiet I knew instantly who was speaking—Rowan and Torren. They were arguing about something. I slid toward the open door in hopes of hearing their words better. I strained to hear them just as the electricity in their voices reached the breaking point. 
“Torren, damn it. Change her back!” Rowan obviously no longer cared about discretion. He was fuming. Even without seeing him I could imagine the flash in his eyes. Any extreme emotion from Rowan was rare. He tended to be rather mild-mannered and easy-going. It took a lot to faze him. If he was this angry, it must be something big.
Change her back. He must be talking about Harlow. She was different, that much I knew, everyone must know. But why would Torren be to blame?
“We can’t,” said Torren evenly, trying to contain his temper. “This is what you want.”
“What gives you the idea that this was what I want?” Rowan said, almost growling.
“Think about it. Think about what the world was like before the frozen days.”
“What do I care about the world before? I was a baby when we came to the caves.” Rowan was nearly shouting now. “This is the only world I know, and in this world, I want Harlow, the way she was when I fell in love with her.”
“But don’t you see?...” started Torren.
“No,” said Rowan. “Get away from me before I bust my stitches and bloody your nose.”
Torren scoffed, snorting through his nose and headed out through the doors. I hurried back from the door into a shadowed doorway so he wouldn’t see me, but he turned the opposite way anyway, his footsteps hard and angry.
When I was sure he was gone, I stepped back into the hallway and hurried into the clinic. Rowan was sitting up, fuming. I could tell he wanted to hurt someone, break something, but pain confined him to his bed.
“What is it Rowan?” I asked, pleading with my eyes. “I heard you and Torren. What have they done to Harlow?”
Rowan turned to me and all his anger turned to hurt when he saw my worried face. His brimmed with tears.
“Oh, Leona,” he said. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Why would you feel sorry? What did they do to her?”
Rowan shook his head, sobs fighting their way out of him. 
“It’s the serum, Leona.”
My arm flew up, and I saw the hummingbird marring my pale wrist.
“What about it?” I asked, desperate to know, yet frightened of the answer. “Rowan, what’s wrong with the serum?”
Panic was starting to set in, I fought against it, but I could feel my heart begin to race, and a heavy weight drop into the pit of my stomach.
“It’s what changed her,” Rowan said. “It doesn’t just make you fertile… it makes you…” he choked on the words.
“Rowan please.”
“It makes you submissive.”
My soul ripped in two, and in that instant I realized that nothing I had known, nothing I had come to understand in the caves was as simple as it had appeared. This was no well-functioning, peaceful society, it was a sham. The caves were full of women bearing the same mark I had, and what was Rowan telling me? That none of them had free will? They were controlled—forced into submission by men who supposedly loved them? My father was on the council. He administered the serum. He made Harlow the way she was, a hollow version of herself.  And now, he had done it to me.

Ten





I cursed myself for not having seen it, but how could I expect that of myself? Who would ever suspect this? I had trusted them, they had taken care of me since my birth, and in return I had followed them like a sheep directly into the pit they led me to. 
 Anger didn’t begin to describe the rage I felt inside me. I hated them, all of them, for what they had done to me. The Shepherd, my father, the elders, even Torren. They had set me up. The life I had known was over, or would be in a few days when the serum fully kicked in. There was nothing I could do. It was in my veins, and impossible to remove. It had mingled with my blood and now nothing short of death would remove it. 
I prayed for death. I wished for it. I retched and sobbed. 
Ember visited me in my room. I remember her cool hands stroking my head as I cried. I don’t know what they told her, what she knew about all this, but I didn’t care. She was a victim as much as I was. A victim of those who thought they knew better—one completely at the mercy of another. 
I don’t know how long I cried, but at some point, in the dark of night, my tears dried. Staring into the pitch-black room, listening to the slow and constant snores of my father in his bed, I knew. I had no choice. 
I would leave. 
As quietly as possible I slipped from my bed. Whether my father heard me or not, I had no idea. It struck me that perhaps it would be easier for him too if I left, so perhaps he pretended to sleep as I shuffled through the room, gathering supplies. My sling, as always, was wound around my wrist. I had arranged it to cover the hummingbird as much as possible—that visible reminder of my betrayal and impending servitude. I lifted my mattress to gather my knives. I slid them into the deep pockets of my skirt for now, until I figured out a better way to carry them. My father’s throwing stars were under his pillow, impossible to get to, but I knew where I could get others. I grabbed my mother’s soft green cloak, and on second thought also grabbed the old brown one that belonged to my father. He would be issued a new one, and I’d need it to blend in.
There was some light in the hallway, not enough to move freely, but enough to make it through the corridor quietly. The laundry room was beyond the kitchen. I would need supplies from both. 
I carried my shoes so the heavy footfalls of my ill-fitting footwear wouldn’t give me away. My stocking feet were quiet, but slippery, so I kept one hand on the closest wall, both to guide me and steady me. 
I moved with purpose, but without consciousness. It was as if my brain had made the decision and the body fell into sync. I didn’t have to tell it how to carry out each step. 
The laundry smelled of both soiled and clean clothing. There were shelves at the end of the room that held stacked piles of freshly laundered clothes. I was dressed warmly enough for the caves, but I needed extra layers to make my way in the cold. I knew where to find my size. All the shelves were arranged carefully for maximum efficiency. I went there every few days for a clean change of clothing. My shelf, labeled with a number that matched those sewn into the hems of my dull-colored outfits, was near the corner, in the second row. There would be two extra long skirts—both of which I pulled on over the one I wore—and a thick wool sweater. I rarely wore my sweater, since I found the caves stifling on the best of days, but I couldn’t leave it behind. I found a pair of extra men’s socks and pulled them to my knees. As I turned to leave the laundry, I had a realization. I slid past the racks of women’s clothing and headed for that of the boys. I found what I needed; a pair of slacks, small enough for me. I slipped them on under my skirts. I had never worn pants before, and it was strange to have the warmth of my thighs separated by layers of fabric.
I grew bolder. I was leaving anyway, so who would object to me taking a warmer pair of boots. The men on the scout teams wore high moccasins made of buckskin and rabbit fur. The bottoms were reinforced with rubber soles made from old boots or salvaged tires. I’d need them. The shoes I wore inside would be useless in unknown terrain. They were virtually useless on smooth concrete. 
I found a pair that fit closely enough. They were a bit too long for my feet, but I stuffed an extra sock in each toe, and figured they’d do. I’d never had properly fitting shoes, so why start now? I was also able to slide my knives into the tops of the high boots, so they sat firmly nestled against the top curve of my calf. I stuck one in each boot and kept the other, shorter one, in its leather sheath tucked into the waistband of my skirt at the small of my back.
Taking a shawl from one of the shelves, I fashioned a sling over my shoulders, a pouch to carry things. It hung from one shoulder down to my opposite hip. I had seen mothers carry their babies this way, so it should work for a few basic supplies. 
The kitchen was also empty as I expected. Everyone but the sentinels were sleeping. They were the only job that functioned at night. I would have to slip past them, but they didn’t usually watch the caves. Their view was focused on attack from beyond the fences. I was sure I’d make it past them to the dark tree-line easily enough. 
I found some buns, likely prepared for breakfast the next morning. They were fresh, but I squished them down to save space and wrapped them in a clean dishcloth. Raisins, dried currants and nuts went into my makeshift pack. I also found a few small leather pouches which I filled with rice and dried beans. I knew how to make fires, so I could cook them… I’d need a can. A small old tin coffee can would do. I could melt snow for water and use the can to cook over a fire. I slipped the bread into it to keep it dry and everything went into the shawl. 
The weapons cache was near the back doors, and was the last place I’d stop. The moccasins I wore were louder on the floors than my socks, so I had to move slowly and carefully to avoid detection. 
I had my choice of weaponry, but much of what was in the armory was much too heavy for me to carry for any distance. I had my sling, and knives. I hung a pouch of throwing stars around my neck and looked for one other thing. A bow would be light, but I’d need to carry a quiver of arrows too. The swords and axes were too heavy and really only useful if someone was close enough to touch. I didn’t plan on letting anyone get that close to me. Finally, I settled on a simple spear. I could use it as a walking stick as I travelled and it was as deadly from a distance as it was in close range. I pulled my cloaks on, the green one first, covered with the brown one. I had thick buckskin mittens and a warm scarf pulled over my face. With both hoods, I was warm and protected, and once I hit the tree line, would be virtually invisible.
The door creaked as it opened. The cold air rushed in and condensed instantly in a wave of ice-fog. I hoped anyone who heard it would just assume one of the sentinels had some in for a new pair of mittens or a coffee break. 
The snow crunched and squeaked beneath my feet, so I knew it was cold, but wrapped in my layers of clothing I only felt it around my eyes. I blinked back tears from the cold that froze my eyelashes together. I should have taken one of the sets of goggles the scout teams normally wore, but it would be too risky to go back now. 
I could see the gate, unlocked as it always was. I stole through the shadows and pushed it open. Breathless with fear and excitement I opened the door to the unknown. I had no idea what would happen when the serum fully kicked in and I was no longer in the caves, but I didn’t care. All I knew for sure was that I wanted to find this one moment of freedom before it was taken from me forever. I needed to taste it. I needed to feel it to the depth of my soul. I was born to be free. 


I MADE IT TO THE tree-line without being spotted. Or, if I had been, no one had called out to stop me. If they had I wouldn’t have listened anyway. I ducked under the cover of the massive evergreens just in time. Daylight was starting to peek over the horizon. The sky was clear and the world was beginning to lighten into that haze of dawn. The sun would follow soon enough, and those in the caves would wake to find me gone. I doubted anyone would notice right away, but if anyone did, it was unlikely they’d assume I had left altogether. Even if they did figure out where I had gone, who would remember in a few weeks? I remembered my surprise that Torren’s brother Orion had run, so many years ago, and no one ever spoke of it. They would go on with life as though nothing happened. The Shepherd and the elders would cover it up with some story that didn’t make any sense, but would satisfy everyone. 
They wouldn’t follow me. I wasn’t worth it to them. I was nothing more than a breeding machine. I would probably die out here, alone, but for the first time, I would do something that was solely my decision. I was free of the caves, and for the next few days at least, just free. 
I watched from the shelter of some bushes I couldn’t name, having never seen them before. I watched as the sun came up over the caves. I looked back at the fences and the security of the only life I had ever known, watching it from the trees I had wondered about since I first laid eyes on them; trees I had looked at and dreamed about since the first days we were allowed outside. Now I was here, surrounded by them, hidden from view, and I could almost see myself there, a girl—a woman, standing behind the fence, trapped, but dreaming of the day she would be here where I stood. And now I was here, free, with no idea where to go.

Eleven

Ember

I watched her go. She didn’t know it, but I followed her through the caves as she gathered supplies. I stood in the shadows and watched, knowing full-well what she was doing and making no move to stop her. 
I hadn’t watched Orion leave, but I had always wondered if there had been something I could have done to stop it. Even now I didn’t know what would have been better, seeing Orion with another, or not being able to see him at all. I wished I could have offered my pleas, begged to go with him, even though I knew I never would have. The world was too big, too frightening. I was bound to these caves by fear. I had lost Rhea, and Orion. Harlow was gone, and now Leona too. She wouldn’t come back, they never did. Had I known of his plans, perhaps I would have left with Orion, but there was no bravado in me. I had lost it all in a puddle of urine and melted popsicles. He could be brave for me, he had said once. Sometimes one can get bravery and stupidity mixed up. 
I was a child when I came to the caves, and there was little I could remember of the days before. Every so often I had glimpses of summer sun, the smell of lilacs in bloom, or an image of Rhea, but they’d become increasingly hard to hold on to. Instead they were replaced by the smells of steamed kale, and unwashed bodies, the cold, damp hallways and itchy wool. It was some kind of hell here. I envied Harlow and Leona. They knew nothing of the outside. They were both born here, within months of each other. Even though my parents had prayed fervently for a boy, they were delighted with Harlow and her golden curls. I know what they saw when they looked at her. They saw everything they took from me—they saw hope and future. 
It was impossible not to love Harlow, as much as I wanted not to. I had just turned nine when she was born. I had counted the days, so I knew when my birthday was, but no one else remembered. They realized over a week later, apologizing and blaming the stress and business of coming to the caves. We celebrated then, with a song and a hug. There were no cakes or candles or orange bicycles here. 
I stopped caring about my birthdays after that. I marked the passage of time without ceremony, and no one seemed to care. I wasn’t alone though, few of us who were alive when the frozen days started still celebrated our birthdays. What was there to celebrate? Another year in this prison? They kept the tradition for the younger ones, for whom it was more important. Kids liked to see how much they grew, and someone had to remind us of how long we had survived. Here I was, 26 years old, unmarried, unwanted and unnecessary. 
I was happy once, but unlike the tedium and drudgery of the caves, happiness was fleeting, and left with Orion.

Twelve

Ember - Eight years Earlier

I lay curled up in the warmth of his body—the only male body I had ever truly known—and reveled in this earthly, carnal knowledge. We were silent, as we always were afterward. Perhaps it was our need to let the moment be, clear and un-muddied by conversation, or maybe we were just so used to the secret that we didn’t quite believe it ourselves, and any movement might just pop this bubble of bliss. We did our best to make sure no one knew about us, about the time we spent alone in whatever dark, hidden place we could find. We were careful, and we would never be seen. It would be an outrage, Orion was a coveted commodity. Young, handsome, presumably virile—the man every mother drooled over, and fought over for their daughters. He pretended to be oblivious to their subtle advances, but I knew him, I had always known him. 
Only a year my senior, I couldn’t remember a time when I wasn’t completely and wholly aware of him—my juvenile crushes expanding into angst and desire. 
But it was pointless. No matter how my heart surged each time I saw him, or how weak-kneed I felt when he brushed past me in the narrow halls of the caves, I knew. We had no future. But still, my soul sang, knowing that if nothing else, I reveled in the dreams, the idea, the fantasy.
My parents had taken the dream away from me before I even had a chance to wish it. They took my purpose without knowing it, and I existed here, in the shadows, known by all, helpful to all, but alone. No man would want someone who couldn’t bear him children. The tattoo on my face a constant and visible reminder to all that I was useless. 
I don’t remember when it started to change—those days when I would look up from my lunch and see his soft grey eyes watching me. I used to brush my long black hair back from where it hung over my markings. Perhaps he had forgotten that his time was best spent elsewhere. It got to the point where I stopped wearing my hair hanging over my face. I had nothing to hide, everyone knew it was there anyway, that thin black line, that angry mark that separated me from all the other girls here. He shouldn’t forget. I couldn’t forget, because to forget would be to tear me to pieces. 
I saw him more often, as our paths seemed to cross more regularly than they had before. I would feel his hand brush against mine as we passed in the halls. He towered nearly a foot above me, his hair the color of a sandy beach, and body taut and strong. I believed him to be an idiot at first, for what right-thinking male would pursue an untouchable like me? 
“Is it just because I’m safe?” I asked him, breaking the silence of our moments together. 
He didn’t anticipate the question, nor did I give him any context to understand my meaning.
“Is what because of what?” he asked, his voice a low rumble through the place my ear was pressed on his chest. 
I thought of sitting up, but I didn’t really want to see his face, it would betray him if he was lying to me. 
“This,” I said, “Us. Are you here with me now because you can’t get caught?”
It had been a nagging fear for me, ever since the moment I allowed the unthinkable to happen, ever since I opened my heart and every other part of me to accept his advances. I couldn’t get pregnant; this affair had no risk for him. He was young, attractive and could have any unmarried woman in this place, yet here we were, naked under a pile of soft, supple, recently tanned furs in the sewing and clothing wing. It wasn’t like no man down here ever had indiscretions—typically a pregnancy was celebrated no matter what circumstances it fell under—however, marriage was sacred. Mothers wanted unspoiled men for their daughters and fathers watched their children closely. It was for the good of the community, they said. It was one of the reasons the world before had started to fall apart. People didn’t get married. They didn’t feel connections to anyone else beyond what they were feeling in the moment. It didn’t work, they moved on. There was little commitment to maintain a relationship when the road was rocky. We walked on a difficult path here in the caves, we were told, and we needed a partner. 
Well, other people needed partners, not me. 
I was risking nothing but the anger of those mothers who pictured Orion handfast with their precious daughters. 
“Why would you think that?”
“I can’t get pregnant, Orion,” I said, “You can take what you want and leave nothing behind to betray you.”
I felt silly saying it, I knew what his answer would be—a truth that brought me pain and ended our relationship or a lie to spare my feelings and continue in this illicit happiness.
He didn’t say anything for a while, but I felt him move under me. He pushed himself up, scattering me and the furs off his body. He stood and fumbled for his clothing. 
Orion was upset, which seemed strange. It was a long way to go for a lie. He could have murmured some sort of platitude, and I would have believed him. Not in my heart, truly, but in the rest of me. He could have told me I was special, and kissed my head, and I, in my complete lack of self-esteem would have smiled and opened my legs for him again.
Pulling on his trousers and fumbling with his shirt, I could feel the anger in him, even though I couldn’t see his face. He was fighting some urge. 
“Orion?”
He spun to face me, his face tense, but his eyes soft and wet. His voice wavered slightly as he fought to control it.
“If that’s what you think this is, I need to go.”
I didn’t move, stunned, as he quietly disappeared from the room into the dark hallways. There would be no one out there at this time of night, but I knew to wait a few minutes before following him. The furs grew cold around my bare skin as the heat he imparted to them began to dissipate, but still I waited. My mind was blank. It didn’t make sense. 
I was unlovable, a fling. I was disposable, and yet here I was with the distinct feeling I had deeply hurt someone I loved with every cell of my body.


IT WAS A WEEK before Orion would let me close enough to talk to him again.
I barely saw him, and when I did he avoided my eyes. I couldn’t just walk up to him under the watchful eyes of every gossip and busybody around, so finding a time to get him alone was next to impossible. Finally I sent Harlow to take him a message. No one would suspect my angelic, golden Harlow of anything but innocence.
I didn’t expect him to come, but he did. I arranged to meet him in the stables. No one would think anything strange of that, since my father was in charge of all the animals here, and Orion was one of the men leading the search teams, so a chance encounter by the giant horses wouldn’t be suspicious. 
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t think.”
“No, you didn’t.” 
His words stung me. I had loved him madly for as long as I could remember, but never once dreamed he might have true feelings for me. I breathed slowly and turned my face up to him, watching him through the fur that lined the hood of the heavy cloak I was wearing. My eyes streamed with tears.
“I love you, Orion. I always have.”
He watched me, wordless for what seemed like hours, his soft, angry eyes drinking in my penitence. He reached a hand toward me, and took my small, mittened hand in his large one and pulled me toward him. He opened the stall of his horse, Goliath, and pulled me into the shadows. Goliath didn’t seem to mind the company, and munched on his oats and hay while Orion pressed me against the back wall, lifted my chin and kissed me deeply enough that my legs weakened underneath me. Cupping my face in his hands I felt his desperation searching for my own. Lifting my feet from the floor, he fumbled with my skirts and I let him take me—all of me. 


SPENT AND TREMBLING WE sat in a pile of clean hay in Goliath’s stall, backs against the wall that bore witness to our sins. My body throbbed from his rough and angry lovemaking, my lips burning from the unshaven stubble of his forceful kisses. He was staking a claim, saying what he couldn’t say in words, and I heard him loud and clear. However I felt, whatever insecurities I had, this man—for reasons unknown to me—was completely and utterly devoted to me. 
We both heard the stable doors open at the same time. Our heads snapped simultaneously in that direction. There weren’t many people who spent time in the stables, so there was an extremely good chance the soft footsteps we heard belonged to my father. I looked at Orion desperately. I didn’t know what my father would do, but it wasn’t something I wanted to find out just then. Nothing could ruin this, I wouldn’t have it. 
He gestured for me to be quiet and pushed me gently into a dark corner. Goliath whickered as Orion stood. The bottom few feet of the stalls were solid wood, so as long as I stayed low and in the corner, it was unlikely I would be seen. 
“Archer!” He called out cheerfully. 
“Ah, Orion,” he said. “Didn’t expect to see you here.”
“Goliath stumbled a bit yesterday while we were out, and I wanted to make sure he was ok.”
I winced and pushed myself farther into the corner, willing myself invisible. That was, without a doubt, completely the wrong thing for him to say.
“Oh yeah?” Archer came closer to the stall. “Lemme come in there and see.”
Orion vaulted over the fence lightly, immediately understanding his mistake.
“No need, no need,” he said. “Checked him out myself and there’s nothing to be concerned about, but I did hear that Mateo was having a spot of trouble with Atlas.”
I exhaled slowly as they walked a few stalls down. As they turned the corner I slipped through the gate silently and opened the door. I knew it would be impossible to hide the groan of the heavy metal door, so instead of slipping out into the cold, I shut it again and walked back into the room. I caught Orion’s eye over the sheep pen and he winked at me as he stood over my father’s stooped form.
“Looks like there’s nothing wrong here either,” said Archer, “but tell Mateo to keep an eye on it. You boys don’t need to ride them hard every time, you know.”
I flushed slightly and did my best to choke down a startled giggle, masking it badly with a cough.
“Sometimes it’s necessary,” said Orion seriously.
“Of course, of course, just be smart about it.”
“Always.”
“Hello father,” I said, “Orion.”
“Ah, Ember,” he said, glancing across the stalls to me. “Do you need something?”
“No Father,” I said, “Just came to see if any of the sheep needed shearing.” 
I held up a heavy pair of shears I had snatched from a shelf near the pen.
Orion was doing an excellent job of not paying attention to me whenever my father was looking, but as I wandered among the sheep, chatting with them, I could feel him watching. I finished up with the sheep, deciding that in fact no, none of them needed to be shorn today, dropped my shears back onto the shelf and headed for the door. 
“See you at dinner, Father.” 
“Yes, Ember,” he said, muttering and distracted by whatever conversation he was having with Orion. 
The door slid shut behind me and I hurried across the packed snow, squeaking and crunching beneath my feet. I breathed the cold air gratefully and blinked in the sunlight. It felt like a new beginning, and for once I didn’t even notice the cold. 
For the first time in my life, I truly and without a doubt, felt loved. 

Thirteen



“Karmynn is having her baby, and I want you to help.”
I glanced at my mother, standing in the doorway. She was a midwife in the caves, and it was not at all unusual for her to be off to some birth now and then. What was unusual was her request for my presence.
“It’s about time you started making use of yourself.”
Of course. I couldn’t breed, so I might as well help others. 
“I didn’t realize I needed a purpose,” I said.
She rolled her eyes and she rummaged through her cupboard, collecting supplies. She kept a kit full of the necessities in a basket near the door at all times, but last night she had been gone with Karmyn’s sister Mairi, and likely hadn’t had a chance to restock. Babies were just dropping out of everywhere. 
“Everyone needs a purpose, Ember.”
I could have been the one with a built-in purpose had it not been for you.
I didn’t bother to respond out loud, but stood from my bed and followed her through the door, nearly tripping over Harlow and Leona as they dashed into our room.
“Good grief!” I said under my breath—trying to remind myself that they didn’t need to have a purpose yet. When I was their age, I was having my future ripped from me, but the past was the past right?
I passed Orion as I followed my mother through the halls, stopping now and then to peek in on the other pregnant women as we went. I felt his hand brush my thigh gently and purposefully. It sent shivers down my leg and up my neck. Nothing my mother could say could ruin that for me at least.
It had been over a month since our encounter in the stables, and we met nearly every night he wasn’t out gathering with the search teams. I prayed a silent and fervent prayer that Karmynn’s birth would be quick and easy and I wouldn’t have to miss meeting him tonight. I wasn’t sure how I’d be able to tell him I couldn’t make it, since it was doubtful my mother would let me out of the room if there was work to be done. I would just have to apologize later, I supposed. 
We got to Karmynn’s room and for the first time I was thankful for my barren womb.
I knew bringing a baby into the world wasn’t a pretty process, but seeing it first-hand was something I was not prepared for. In fact, I was fairly horrified. 


“IT WAS AWFUL,” I said to Orion later. 
“And here I thought it was a beautiful, magical expression of love,” he said.
“If that’s love, I have no need for love.”
“Oh really?” He laughed and kissed my neck.
“Well, I’ll keep this part.”
I was sweaty, sticky and likely covered with some sort of disgusting slime, but he accepted me fully into his arms. 
It was a little bit beautiful, holding that bloody wiggly worm of a child, but I would never vocalize that, not to him, not to anyone. Beyond my lover’s smiles and giggles, I knew I would never be in Karmynn’s shoes. I would never nurture Orion’s seed inside me, never would I care for and nourish a child with a body that was made for it. My breasts gave pleasure but would never give sustenance. 
I pushed those feelings down. They had no place here, in the arms of my love. 


FROM THEN ON, I attended every birth in the caves. I still had my rotation of mundane jobs the women took care of, mainly knitting mittens, sewing, weaving and spinning wool, but it was nice to be allowed to drop my carding paddles every now and then to rush off to find my mother and help another woman in need. 
I was still warm from a shower when Orion dashed past me in the halls. From the look in his eyes and the urgency in his step, I knew something was wrong, and that he needed me to follow him. I slipped into my room to drop off my towel and walked slowly in the direction I saw him go. When I passed through the doors to the garden wing, I could see him pacing in the light of the moon filtering through the glass ceiling. It was quiet here. The sun had gone down hours ago, so no one was working the planters. It smelled fresh and pleasant, humid from the vibrant green plants and soft fertile earth. The peace of this space was broken, like a stone through the surface of still waters, by Orion. His feelings radiated off him, though I couldn’t quite pinpoint what they were.
“I’m getting married.”
Not what I expected.
I dropped like a stone to the floor, my legs crumpling under me as if they were made of paper, unable to support my weight.
I didn’t have words to speak, but Orion seemed to answer my unsaid questions as soon as they entered my mind. 
“Ada,” he said.
Karmynn and Mairi’s younger sister.
“Tomorrow.”
It was as if lead had suddenly replaced the blood coursing through my veins. My heart stopped and everything felt heavy.
Orion stopped pacing and fell to the floor beside me, pulling me onto his lap and into his arms, burying his face in my hair as if pushing ourselves together this tightly would keep us from being ripped apart.
“I can’t Ember, I can’t.”
I felt the numbness leave my body and tears began to flow. I had always known this would be a possibility, the Shepherd would never let Orion remain unmarried when he could be filed away to breed. Ada was an ideal pick. Her older sisters had a handful of children between them, and seemed to need my mother’s services at least once a year. One of them was nearly always pregnant. She would be a good breeder, and she and Orion would make strong, healthy children.
“But do you love her?” I asked. As soon as the words escaped my mouth I knew it was completely foolish. Love meant nothing here. 
“Oh Ember,” he moaned. “I barely know her to see her, and besides, there isn’t a place for anyone in me except you.”
I wept broken-hearted, for me, for Orion, and for this poor girl who was to be married to a man who held no affection for her. 
Orion gave me the story in bits and pieces, in between alternating bouts of despair and fury. He had known of this plan for months, but thought he had been successful at pushing it off, at least until he was able to figure out a permanent way out of it. He had been summoned to appear before the Shepherd and the council earlier that day. It hadn’t gone well. Despite his protests they had pressed him, threatened him, and eroded his resolves. By the end of the stressful meeting he had agreed to wed the girl the next day. Her parents had been thrilled, and Orion defeated. 
However prepared I thought myself to be, the reality was much, much worse. Not only was Orion being ripped from me, he would be dangled in front of me like some forbidden fruit, tempting but unreachable. I couldn’t even visibly grieve, who would understand the loss of something they didn’t know I had to begin with.


WITH ORION STILL PACING and thinking and moving, I left and went back to my room. I needed to be still, alone. I couldn’t process what was happening while Orion railed at the establishment. I needed to think.
Harlow was in there, our mother had likely put her to bed, and she lay sleeping, her breathing soft and rhythmic. Other than her, the room was empty. Mother and Father had likely gone to the common room to play cards with the other adults, which was not unusual. I was glad for the quiet. I sat cross-legged on my bed in the dark room. The only light filtered in from the few lights that dotted the hallway. There were just enough lights for people to get around, no more. Who knew how long the frozen days would last, there was no sense being wasteful. 
Listening to Harlow sleep I grieved alone in my bed, letting the sadness and despair slide over me and envelop me. There was nothing down here, or outside in that frozen wasteland that brightened my life like Orion did. He made life bearable. Without him these concrete walls might as well close in on me, and bury me forever in this dark hole. I ached and wept. Reaching over to Harlow’s bed, I stroked her golden curls slowly, watching them fall from my fingers and tumble onto her pillow. 
Find love, little sister, nothing else matters.

Fourteen



Everyone in the caves was invited to wedding celebrations, to wish the couple well and start them on their new life together. Plus, there was cake, and any excuse to eat cake was enough of a reason to go. I didn’t want to, but I couldn’t think of any reasonable excuse that would convince my parents. They knew nothing of my relationship with Orion and since Ada was close to my age, they automatically assumed she would be my friend. I didn’t have friends though. All the other girls talked about was getting their serum, getting married and having children. I was excluded from that, so why include me in their circles?
There was a feeling of excitement here, I knew that, but I felt like I existed in a glass bubble. The excitement couldn’t penetrate. I was trapped in an impossible prison. I bit my lip hard to distract myself. My only hope of making it through this without making a scene was to pretend it wasn’t happening. It was someone else, some stranger getting married today. It was someone I didn’t know who would be offering himself to his wife in their wedding bed. It wasn’t Orion. Orion was safe with me.
My mother and father sat beside me, eyeing me with a certain level of curiosity, but I knew they would shake it off and go back to ignoring me. That’s how they dealt with me, they pretended nothing happened, that they didn’t take my future from me before I had a chance to live it. 
I watched the crowd, so many faces I knew, yet they seemed as if they were a bunch of strangers. Madam Kohler played the old piano, painfully out of tune. The temperature and humidity down here never stayed constant enough to keep it in tune for more than a few hours, and eventually everyone just gave up and accepted the toneless cacophony as their only source of music. I could see people tapping their toes and fingers to the beat, eagerly anticipating the joyful celebration, or killing time until the cake. 
We waited. Karmynn and Mairi were at the front of the room whispering and laughing to each other as they simultaneously nursed their infant children. Their respective husbands sat on either side of them, waiting to welcome another man into this rapidly expanding family. Ada was probably in the kitchen, waiting to make her grand appearance and lay eyes on the man whose name she had probably been scribbling in the margins of her notebooks for months. 
It was getting warm and stuffy, but I barely noticed. Physical discomfort paled against my hidden torment. 
We continued to wait. 
I sensed the mood in the room start to shift from excitement to confusion, each moment following the next bringing with them a few more whispered words and furtive glances toward the door. Karmynn and Mairi rose from their seats and with babies in arms, slipped through the kitchen doors. I could hear voices in the kitchen, but couldn’t make out the words. Mother noticed too, and being a good friend of Ada’s mother, she soon followed the girls to see what was going on.
She came back quickly and whispered to my father, who grunted with disgust. 
“I never would have thought this of him,” he said quietly, shaking his head.
My head snapped toward them, trying to make sense of what I was hearing, of the shift in temperament that was starting to spread through the crowd like an unpleasant aroma. 
“What’s going on?” I asked my father, who snorted again.
“They can’t find Orion.”
A tiny flutter of hope sparked into my heart as I began to put the pieces together. I deliberately kept my face as flat as possible, to not give any inkling of the relief and celebration that was beginning to take hold inside me. 
“They think he ran,” my mother added.
“Ran where?” I asked. 
“Away, out there,” she said jerking her head in the general direction of the main doors to outside. “Hope the cold gets him, that’ll serve him right.”
My father snorted again.
I had stopped listening, or caring what my parents thought about his disrespectful, irresponsible, cowardly, disgusting behavior, drowned out by the marching band that was playing a rousing tune through every inch of my body. 
He left. He ran away. He wasn’t going to marry Ada. 
But then, my heart lurched. Orion was gone, really and truly gone. He had left Ada, run from their marriage, but at the same time he left me too. I was truly alone now. He was gone and I wasn’t sure I was ever going to see him again.


I FOUND THE LETTER, hidden between the pages of my notebook on my bed.

My dearest Ember. 

By the time you find this, you have likely noticed that I’m gone. I wish I could have found you before going. I could have used a glimpse of your face for courage. I don’t know if I’m doing the right thing, but I do know that I can’t marry Ada. I can’t marry anyone but you. I don’t care what they think of me, but I can’t live a lie. I’m going out there to find a place for us. A place where we can be together—be happy. A place where no one expects anything of us. There must be others who have survived out there, and I will find them. I took Goliath, so hopefully your father will forgive me. I will be able to go farther with him than on foot. I will come back for you, Ember. Wait for me. I love you.

Orion.

Fifteen

Leona

The sun was fully visible when I turned my back on the caves and started through the forest. 
I did my best to stay quiet. I didn’t know what sorts of predators were out here, I had seen Rowan, after all, and I didn’t feel the need to follow in his footsteps. I doubted there would be dangers this close, but if there were, who would have told me? I trudged for hours through the snow. It was loose and soft in the shelter of the trees, not packed down and hard like the snow inside the fences. The ground was uneven beneath my feet and I used the spear to steady myself. I pushed my hands through the low, fine branches so they wouldn’t hit my face, and slogged through often hip-deep snow. Sometimes I regretted wearing skirts at all, and not opting for a few layers of slacks, but I knew the long skirts would keep my body heat close to me longer, even if they were sometimes a cumbersome burden. 
It must have been close to noon by the time I emerged from the dense bush. The sun was nearly directly overhead and all of my shadow was covered in my flowing cloaks. I was covered in snow from the dozen times I had fallen, and out of breath from the rough path. I came into a clearing, not a natural clearing, however, it was obviously man-made. It wasn’t very wide, but stretched as far as I could see in both directions. I would have thought it to be a frozen river, except for the giant structures dotting its path. They were huge, stretching from the ground as high, if not higher than any of the trees surrounding them. They were metal, covered with a layer of orange flaking rust and thick coating of frost. I could see five of these structures before they disappeared into the trees. They looked like soaring monsters, arms outstretched, connected to each other by long heavy wires. At least some of them were connected. Most of the wires were broken and lay helpless, dangling like a broken necklace from their perches to the snow below. 
The snow was packed down here, and I could see evidence of horses in this area. Their tracks were plentiful, so while I knew the travel would be easier along this path, it would also be more dangerous. It was well-used, and it would only be a matter of time before I was found out here in the open. 
I slipped back into the cover of the bushes to think. I had no idea where I was going, so trying to figure out the right direction was useless. It was an exploration of unknown lands. One just needed to choose a direction, like flipping a coin, and go see what there was to see. I was tired though, and with the bright light of day, it would be nearly impossible to travel without being spotted… by someone. 
Through the trees, I spotted a fallen one. It must have come down recently, because where the roots had pulled out from under the snow, the brown earth showed through. It was a perfect cave—mainly because of the cover it offered, both from the physical elements and also from view. My brown cloak blended in with the frozen earth, and would all but completely camouflage me. I pulled a few stout evergreen branches with me to provide a bit of softness underneath me, and slid myself down into the shallow crater. I had a natural shelter. The forest floor was pulled up at an angle that would protect me from one side and the top, provided I snuggled closely enough to the dangling roots. Curled up under this fallen tree, I wrapped the warmth of my cloaks around me and lay down. I hadn’t slept in more than twenty-four hours and fatigue was starting to set in. As I drifted off to sleep, I mused at what was going to happen to me in the next day or so. When the serum reached its full potency, would I just lose control and walk right back into the caves? Or, with no one around to submit to, would it just pass unnoticed? Would I feel myself change? 
The birds around me sang, none of them willing to answer my questions and I fell asleep.


I DIDN’T WAKE UP until sometime in the night. It was dark, but the moon had risen. It was a bright moon, nearly full. The light from the moon reflected off the snow and gave the whole world an eerie blue cast. It was strange to see shadows in the dark, since I knew that the only light the moon had was the light reflected from the sun. I ate a bun and a handful of nuts and raisins. It was only then that I realized I had stupidly neglected to bring a canteen. How was that possible? I knew so much better than this. Without water, I wouldn’t survive for long. Hastily I pulled the buns from the tin can I carried and packed it full of snow. I jammed it into the pouch with the throwing stars so it would stay upright and pushed the whole, cold package down the front of my shirt in hopes that my body heat would melt the snow enough to drink it. It wasn’t a great plan, but it might work. My only hope was that my body temperature would be high enough to melt the snow without making me too cold in the process. I cursed under my breath at my own stupidity and hoped for the best. 
I climbed out of my makeshift shelter and found my way back to the clearing. I would follow it as far as I could go. Travel would be much easier on the hard-packed snow, and mildly safer under the cover of darkness. I could see the way easily with the light of the moon. I stood in the middle of the clearing as if deciding which way to go. It was silly, I knew, but for a moment I wasn’t sure. Finally I turned to the right. The moon would be at my back, meaning I’d be able to see in front of me better than staring into the light. I hoped it would give me an advantage. My hoods covered my face with shadows and I started off with the soft hoots of owls all around me.
I never felt alone. Somehow the frozen landscape enveloped me into it, until I became a part of the scenery. I was no different, here in the frosted world, than the bushy white animals that frequently crossed my path. They were all white, the animals. Father had told me stories of the old days, the times when animals were different colors, and only a few changed to white for camouflage in the winter. The fox fur on the hood of my cloak was a prime example. The scout teams regularly brought animals they had shot or trapped back to the caves, their meat a necessary addition to our diets, and their furs a much-needed addition to our outdoor clothing. Some of us had furs that came from before, like my mother’s cloak, but most of the fur used in the caves now was white. Rabbits, deer, foxes and the occasional wolf, all white. Their fur was thicker now too, I had been told, as a defense against the cold. Even the birds of the air had traded their colorful plumage for a more discreet white. Whether it was truly evolution, or merely survival of the fittest (or in this case, whitest) I couldn’t know for sure. They also didn’t know what would happen when the summers became longer and warmer. Would the animals revert to their old colors? Or would they too be permanently scarred by the frozen days? 
I walked until dawn. I had either slept longer than I thought, or the time flew more quickly than I could have imagined, for it didn’t seem long before the light started peeking over the horizon. My snow had melted into enough water to quench the bare minimum of my thirst. I knew it wouldn’t be enough for me to carry on, but I couldn’t stop. I swallowed all the water in the can and refilled it with snow. I was sweating under my heavy clothes, from the warmth of the layers as much as the exertion. I wasn’t about to take any layers off though. The extra body heat would melt the snow faster, and I’d need more to drink to balance off the extra sweating. It was a precarious system at best, and I knew it.
I tempted fate a while longer, walking out in the open, with the daylight growing brighter with each passing minute. I knew I had to stop somewhere, but it seemed too easy to just keep putting one foot in front of the other, constantly adding more distance between me and my inevitable fate. I was tired, my body fatigued, and I knew I needed to build a fire soon. I was beginning to get chilled—because of, or perhaps despite my sweating—and I knew that without regulating my body temperature, I would be risking my health. It was time to stop walking, find some shelter and rest. My body wasn’t used to this. I had spent my life indoors, and nothing but careful conditioning could have prepared me for this. The men on the scout teams sometimes spent weeks at a time, but they had the benefit of horses, which provided warmth when they slept and speedy transportation when they moved. I had neither. 
My lips were dry and chapped, even under the heavy scarf I wore. I knew I was becoming dehydrated. I needed to find a shelter and some dry wood to build a fire. 
I spotted both in a creek bed that intersected my path, or at least what I assumed to be a creek bed. It was difficult to tell with the thick layer of snow. It could have been an old highway for all I knew, but it meandered like a creek would. It was difficult to put the pieces together out here. I had never seen a highway, but I knew they had existed, yet somehow I didn’t want to accept the widespread devastation that had occurred before I was born by acknowledging the human influences on this pure natural world around me. It was easier to believe the giant metal electrical towers had grown up from the ground rather than that once, long ago, there had been enough people in this world to build them and to need electricity to be carried to them. They needed paved roads to carry their cars from one place to another—so many of them that they had to divide the roadways into smaller lanes to accommodate something called ‘traffic’. 
There was certainly no traffic now. The woods around me were alive with animal noise, but I hadn’t even seen evidence of another human since I walked through the chain link gate more than twenty-four hours ago.
I had another day perhaps, maybe two. 
How would it happen? Would it be a gradual change? Scarcely noticeable? Or would it be sudden, like hitting your head and losing your memory? Would I feel myself change, or would my new reality seem so normal to me that I wouldn’t even protest?
Protest, hah! What was I doing now, if not protesting? I could protest all I wanted. I could scream and shout and stomp my feet but none of it, not one iota, would change my outcome. I could run, hide, even die alone out here, but none of that changed the fact that I had been duped. I had been suckered in. The big moment I had waited for, that Harlow and I had dreamed of so many times while snuggled together in the hay of the sheep pen was nothing more than a devious charade. We had been taught to want it, to yearn for it. We had been told that we would be women, that the childish things would be gone and that we’d be there, ready to fulfill our destinies. What they didn’t tell us was that they were going to turn us into glorified robots, breeding machines, slaves to our husbands. 
How could I forgive him? My father had developed the serum. It was his brilliance in the medical field that gave him the edge, the ability. Had he worked alone? Doubtful. The Shepherd and the elders had likely been in on it. Why wouldn’t they be? Had they cracked the plan, and then called upon my father to bring it to fruition? Or had it been his idea?
He didn’t tell me. He lied to me—not to my face, or course, but who could have known to ask the question? His lies were ones of omission, but hurt all the same. My chest ached with pain, yet my mind flamed with anger and rage.
I was his child, his only child. He should have told me.

Sixteen



The creek bed was narrow, narrower than the path I had been following. There was deadfall everywhere, enough that finding shelter beneath one of the fallen trees would be easy and finding firewood even easier. 
Shelter was my first priority, and I found it quickly. Two large spruce trees had fallen across each other, creating a space under the trunk of the top tree. There were branches everywhere, but nothing that couldn’t be cleared out with a few minutes and one of my knives. I left as many branches as I could, especially the ones that covered the small alcove. They would be a valuable protection from the wind and cold. Snapping off the small twigs and sticks that filled the space, I was able to create a very cozy shelter. There were a few holes and gaps, but I could take care of those with a few extra strategically placed boughs. Evergreen branches were perfect for shelter building, for the most part, they grew in flat fan-shapes, and with all the tiny needles and twigs, they held to each other like Velcro. I gathered a few larger ones from the nearby trees and when I was done, my shelter was nearly windproof, almost invisible, and there was a space at the mouth of it where I was sure it would be safe to build a small fire. 
I needed a fire, soon. My hands were starting to stiffen, and it was becoming increasingly difficult to hold my knife. The tips of my fingers were going numb and there was a deep sunken feeling in my empty stomach. It had been hours since I had last eaten, and even that was minimal at best, considering the effort I was exerting. 
I scanned the area. I knew which trees burned quickly, and which ones smoldered long and slow, which ones were best for quick heat and which were better for cooking. I remembered listing them off in school until they were stuck in my brain. But here, away from the books and the pictures and the theory, I struggled to see the differences in these great fallen trees. After more thought than I would have imagined necessary, I decided to just collect a mixture of firewood, from as many different trees as I could find. Surely then I would be able to make a fire that would suit my needs. 
I made short work of it. Most of the trees had been there for some time, and their wood was dry and brittle. I collected brown evergreen needles as tinder and a whole variety of twigs and branches. Soon I had a sizeable pile near my handmade cave. There would be plenty to keep me warm and I’d be able to make myself some hot food. My stomach growled loudly at the thought. 
As I was about to start building my fire, I looked out across the sea of fallen trees, and stopped. I didn’t know how I had missed it earlier. At perhaps a distance of one hundred feet there was a tree, and on it, a short stout branch, thicker than my arm, sticking up into the air. It was twisted and mangled, and barely attached to the trunk. It would be perfect. I knew from the grey-black bark that it was oak, a hardwood known for burning hot and for a long time. 
I started back out, knowing that this piece of wood was the one I needed. The rest of the branches I had collected were small, and I’d need to stoke my fire regularly for as long as it burned. With a sturdy piece of wood like that one, I could get some sleep—warm and cozy in its glow—and not worry about the fire being out when I woke up.
Moving through this fallen forest was tricky and tedious. I climbed over trunks and wove through branches that pointlessly reached for the sun. I was exhausted by the time I had traveled the hundred feet. The trunk of the tree was a bit higher than it looked like from my shelter, eight to ten feet at least, but there were lots of foot and handholds placed almost perfectly to allow me to scamper up. It was a perfect branch. It was dry; small enough that I wouldn’t have to cut it to add it to my fire, but thick enough that I could tell it would burn for hours. It was barely attached to the main trunk, but I would need to break it or cut it away. I straddled the trunk, keeping my legs pressed as tightly as I could against the cold, rough bark, thanked myself for grabbing that pair of pants when I left, and pushed with all my strength. For a branch that was only attached by a few twisted strands of wood, it hardly budged. I pushed my cloak to the side and lifted the hem of my skirts. I kept my largest knife in my boot, and coincidently it was also, at this point, the easiest to get to. My smaller knife was in the pocket of my skirt, and I’d be frozen by the time I made sense of all the fabric that lay in piles around my hips. 
I sawed through the wood as best as I could, though I couldn’t help but chastise myself for not grabbing one of the knives with a serrated edge. We had them, after all, we had every kind of knife one could imagine, and that saw-type blade would have helped immensely. I didn’t even reach for it. I didn’t even think of it. Madam Kohler would have shaken her head at me. I knew all this stuff. They taught it all to us, but I let it slip out of my brain because it just didn’t really seem that important at the time.
I managed to get far enough through the branch that I figured one good push would break it off the rest of the way. Squeezing my legs together to brace myself, I pushed with as much strength as I could muster. I could hear the telltale cracking and popping of the wood fibers snapping and breaking under the stress of my effort. It wasn’t enough. I had made good progress but the branch was more tenacious than I had initially thought. Perhaps pulling the branch toward me would work better. I had cut through the wood all the way on the side closest to me, but it was the opposite side that was still viciously clinging to the tree. Pulling it toward me would hopefully break off some of the bark and outer layers of the branch that seemed to hold most tightly. I braced myself again and pulled. It was coming; I could feel it give through my hands. I leaned back, pulling with all my might. That was a mistake. In my eagerness to break the branch, I had somehow forgotten my perilous perch, and it wasn’t until I could feel myself falling that I remembered how unsteady I really was up on the trunk of this fallen tree. The branch must have snapped suddenly because I hit myself in the face with it before falling backwards and rolling off the tree. 
Groaning I pulled myself out of the snow, which had mostly cushioned my landing, though it also covered what I belatedly assumed to be some rocks or branches, judging by the pains I felt. I had hit something hard with my hip and I winced as I stretched out my leg. My face was covered in scratches from the smaller branches I hit on the way down, and I could feel the makings of a fat lip from where the branch had hit me squarely in the face. Gingerly I touched my lip, and ran my tongue over my teeth to ensure they were all still where they belonged. It stung at my touch, and as I pulled my hand away I could see the tip of my mitten was covered in blood.
I cursed silently as I realized my nose was bleeding profusely. Leaning my head back, I fumbled for the hem of my father’s cloak. I wadded it up and pushed it onto my face to stop the blood. My nose didn’t feel broken, but I still nearly shrieked as I applied pressure to it. The rough wool scratched at my face and irritated the small cuts that probably travelled back and forth over my face like a road map. I hadn’t brought any first-aid supplies either. Some of the cooling salve my father made and kept at the ready would have worked wonders for small scratches, and some cotton bandages would have kept me from covering my father’s cloak in blood. Blood was a dangerous thing to carry with you in the woods, but I’d have no choice—it was too cold to leave warmth of the extra cloak behind. 
I could feel the blood slow to a trickle as it started to clot in my nose. I could feel it, crusty and hard in the hairs of my nostrils and I knew I must have looked like quite the sight, but I was whole, and I would heal. I would warm up some water over the fire and use it to clean the wounds and the blood from my nose, but for now, I’d give it some time to heal. Perhaps I’d be able to get the blood out of the cloak too. I’d have to remember to dump the bloody water far from my makeshift shelter. 
It took me a few tries to get to my feet. Between the soft, sinking knee-deep snow and my aching joints and muscles, everything around me seemed to insist that I lie down and let the forest swallow me, but I wasn’t about to let a broken branch be the end of me. I had to roll myself onto my stomach, face in the snow and push myself up onto all fours. Once there, I could lean back onto my knees and use my hands and some low-hanging branches to pull myself to my feet. I felt unsteady, like one of the calves born in the stables. I teetered on my feet and took a minute to work up the courage to try to walk. Every inch of my body seemed angry that I would consider moving at all, but I couldn’t stay here. I needed water and warmth, and some food wouldn’t hurt either. It wasn’t far to my shelter, and once there I could rest and recover. Part of me wanted to leave that accursed branch there in the snow, but I knew I would feel no justice until it was hot, burning embers on my fire. So, while I struggled to merely slog through the snow, following my footprints back to my camp, I lugged that short wicked branch under my arm. 


AS MUCH AS I GROANED and complained, I knew I had been right as I sat staring into the dancing fire. It was still daylight so I knew a large bright fire wouldn’t attract anyone, and I’d probably be on my way again once night fell, so I treated myself to the heat and brilliance only a frivolous blaze could offer.
I had prepared myself a can of rice and beans, and nibbled on some dried berries, so my stomach was full. I still had a couple of buns and some more dried food to last a few days—enough to get me… somewhere, hopefully. I stared into the blinding orange and yellow flames, through to the blue ones that lapped at the wood like the waves on oceans I had heard of but never seen. 
Any adrenaline that had surged through me after my fall was starting to wear off, and I could feel every ache and pain in my body. My eyes began to water and even in the heat of the fire I could feel myself start to shake. I knew it was mostly from shock, but so many things seemed to flow out of me with the tears. Rage, sadness, and fear nearly eclipsed any physical pain I was in. Thoughts rushed through my brain with such intensity and irrationality that I had difficulty putting my finger on the emotion I felt was ravaging me—though I strongly suspected it was fear. 
I’d had no reason to fear before. We were safe, and well cared for in the caves. I had my father, a man of strength, distant but yet ever-present. The council and the Shepherd had never given any indication of danger or instability. As tears fell from my eyes, cool against the heat of my skin in the steady glow of the fire, I admitted my fear. I was angry, yes, I was in despair, but mostly I was a scared girl, all by herself in the woods with nowhere to go. I hadn’t thought I would be like this—it surprised me. As adventurous and independent—some would say rebellious—as I was, I had no reason to believe that I would ever yearn so mightily for the stuffy air and cold concrete of the only place I had ever called home. I had no purpose, no destination and I was beginning to lose some of the resolve I had when setting out in the first place.
Angry with myself for allowing this fear into my head I clenched my teeth, then quickly unclenched them as my mouth screamed in pain. Apparently while all my teeth were where they were supposed to be, they too had been rattled by the fall and would much prefer to be treated gently. I breathed deeply and with purpose as I brushed away the tears and forced the anger to overpower my fear. There was no sense in this. They hadn’t kept me safe, they had betrayed me, used me, and now were turning me into some pawn in whatever dangerous game they played. 
The serum would take me soon—I knew that much to be true. I had seen Harlow disappear before me, and I would follow her. I had, at best another day. 
It would be a day of freedom. 
Whether I would simply walk back once under its influence, or perish out here alone, I would taste freedom first. 
My hands continued to shake. I knew I wasn’t cold here between the slight warmth of the sun and the blazing fire, but nothing would stop the incessant shivering. I was drained, emotionally and physically. It had been a long time since I had slept. I could feel my head getting heavier, and the harsh edges of the world around me started to blur and soften. Tugging the strings that fastened my father’s cloak around my shoulders, I pulled it from around my shoulders and fashioned a nest to sleep in. His cloak was big enough that I could curl up on half of it and pull the other half over me like a woolen blanket. I was uncomfortable, but merely lying down felt better than any other position I could think of. My body sighed in relief as my muscles relaxed and I dropped quickly into sleep. 


 MY SLEEP WAS DEEP but plagued with dreams, the kind that made no sense yet seemed more vivid and frightening than those that followed a storyline, however bizarre. I knew for a while that I was awake, but yet, my mind trailed through endless whimsical and unsettling thoughts. Although I was aware of my surroundings, my senses seemed dull and fuzzy, unwilling to wake fully. My first half-conscious thought was that it seemed too bright. I had fallen asleep in the middle of the afternoon, and yet the light around me seemed as dazzling as the midday sun. Had I slept through the night? Was it morning now? That didn’t seem right either. If I had slept that long, the fire would have died down and it seemed fuller and warmer than it was when I drifted off.
The fire!
It wasn’t the sun that provided the bright light. 
Suddenly there was nothing tired about me. I was wide awake instantly and scrambling for the doorway of my makeshift shelter. The fire had licked its way up to the low-hanging branches of the fallen tree and I was nearly surrounded in an orange blaze. The evergreen branches burned fast and hot, and even in those seconds seemed to spread more rapidly around me. I had built the fire in the open doorway, thinking it would deter predators from an easy meal while I slept, but now my logic seemed foolish. The comforting fire had morphed into ferocious flames that now blocked my way, trapping me inside. 
I hastily tried to toss snow on the uncontrolled inferno, but the warmth of my body and the fire had melted and packed the snow around me. I couldn’t get enough in my hands to throw. 
There was only one option.
I wrapped my cloak around me, hoping that the natural flame-resistant nature of the wool would keep me safe. I pulled the hood down over my face and threw myself through the blaze and landed in a heap in the snow outside. I rolled frantically, in case any part of my clothing had caught fire, and moved farther from the burning shelter. As I watched in horror, the woven-branches of the roof collapsed only moments after I made my way outside. 
The fire continued to burn as I sat, frozen within the circle of its glow. I could see nothing beyond the light it cast—the woods around me were black as ink. The sky was starless and the moon had yet to rise. It was a long time before I could think clearly enough to take inventory. I had been awakened so suddenly that I needed to make sense of everything again. 
I had lost my father’s cloak. I had untied it from my shoulders to sleep, and I hadn’t thought to grab it on my way out. I still wore my green one, trimmed with fox fur, but I would no longer benefit from the dull brown warmth my father’s provided. All of my food was also inside the shelter, together with the tin can I had brought. There was a chance that if I waited long enough for the fire to go out, I’d be able to recover that, but those chances were slim. The fire was a hot one, and the while the tin might make it out in one piece; it likely wouldn’t be terribly useful to me. I wouldn’t want to melt water to drink in a charred can, and more likely I would wait for hours and find the can half-melted or full of holes. Staying by the fire would keep me safe from animal predators, but would expose me to risk from another sort of predator—the sort that attacked Rowan. 
Please let him be safe and healed.
I breathed a prayer for him, and for Harlow. Did Rowan even know she was pregnant yet? I hadn’t heard any news of it in the caves before I left, and that was the kind of news that spread the quickest. I was sure Harlow herself must have known, since it was as obvious to me as if it was my own body that carried a child. Perhaps she was waiting to make sure she wasn’t mistaken, but I knew she’d be starting to sew baby blankets very soon.
I needed to leave, get away from the fire, but it was as if my feet were rooted to the ground. I had nowhere to go, and nothing but what was on my back to take with me. My knives were still secure in my boots, but my spear was lost. I still had my sling, but I would need to collect some stones to make it useful. I was wasting time, I knew, by standing here. The fire was a beacon to anyone in the area. It blazed brightly against the darkened sky. For all I knew there were already people watching me from the shadows. They could see clearly, but here from the light, they were invisible to me. 
The fear that I had tried so mightily to push from my mind was creeping back at me from every corner—weaving around me a web that threatened to rattle my fierce resolve to the core. I could feel my heart begin to pound in my chest and my breathing grew ragged as I fought for control. My face grew hot as the unchallenged blaze chewed through the dry, dead wood.
Run.
I scrambled towards the cover of the woods. I needed to get away from this fire, into the darkness where I could hide and regroup. The snow was deep and untouched, making it difficult to move quickly. In some places it had hardened enough to be able to walk on the drifts, then without warning, I would break through the crust and have to plough through knee-deep snow, my skirts wrapping around my legs and tripping me up every step of the way.
Reaching the cover of the woods, I pushed myself beyond the tree line until I collapsed with fatigue against the massive roots of some giant patriarch of the forest. The rough bark caught on the back of my cloak as I slid to the ground. This tree was all that held me up. 
I didn’t want to look back at the fire, burning its way through the dead, fallen trees. It was yet another symbol of my failure. I thought I was smarter than this, stronger than this, but against my will hot tears began to flow down my face, and with them every insecurity and fear. I bit my lip to keep from sobbing, but I couldn’t do anything to control the flow of tears. The crackling fire behind me taunted me, and I let it. I allowed myself, in that moment, to be destroyed. I had made my choice. I had desired freedom so much, without recognizing the cost. I had run from everything I had ever known to seek what, exactly? Cold death in an unfamiliar wood? Surrounded by nothing but shadowed trees and scavengers waiting for a feast. I had a home. I had a father—a father who betrayed me, who was making me into something I didn’t want to be. I could submit to no one. How could he ask that of me? 
He didn’t ask. 
That was the problem. 
Would I have consented if I had known? Unlikely. But at least I could have made a choice. I could have lived like Ember, alone but still free. She wasn’t free though, none of us were. We were all held hostage together in the caves. We were bound together because we knew that alone we couldn’t make it. Survival meant more than individuality. 
But here I was. I chose to be me and because of my choice, it was unlikely that I would survive.
Which was worse?
I couldn’t answer my own questions.
Finally I stood. My legs throbbing and weak from running through the snow, my body and mind exhausted from wrestling with myself. I turned to see the fire I had created, licking at the tree line and threatening these great fathers of the forest. They had survived the frozen days too, and they would continue to survive. 
I needed to go home. I knew that, however much it pained me to admit it. I couldn’t do this on my own. I couldn’t do it to my father. I couldn’t make him have to write my name on the walls of the sanctuary—add me to the growing list of casualties. I couldn’t leave him alone. 
I would do my part to help us survive, even if it meant succumbing to the serum and doing my part, for that too was perhaps a noble choice. I might not have the freedoms I longed for, but maybe my daughters would not have to make that choice. The frozen days were ending now and maybe soon we’d know a new world. Maybe we could leave the caves and begin again. Maybe my sons or daughters would have no knowledge of living underground as I did. But first, I had to survive. I had to make it home. 
Pushing myself forward, I put one foot in front of the other. I walked away from the fire—back in the general direction from which I had come. 
I could hear the fire behind me, it crackled and sparked loudly as it burned through the sticky pine sap of the trees—but yet, I heard the low hooting call of a mourning dove. It stood out to me as strange. I had heard the call before, when the weather warmed. My father had heard it too, and I remember how happy he was that these birds had returned. There hadn’t been any since the frozen days began, and no one was sure whether they had died off altogether or simply migrated to someplace warmer. As the weather grew cold again, many of the birds disappeared again, including the mourning dove. Yet the hope remained that if they had returned once, they would again. 
But here? Here it was out of place. 
I swirled around in the direction I had heard the call, squinting my eyes to see anything beyond the orange fire or the darkness of the woods surrounding it. Nothing. 
I wasn’t alone out here. I could feel it in the tingles that ran up and down my spine. Someone was out there.
Just as I was about to turn back and hurry away, I noticed something else and bit my tongue to keep from screaming. Every muscle in my body tensed and every hair stood on end. Silhouetted in the light of the fire, pacing back and forth restlessly was what appeared to be a wolf. It was huge and covered in long thick hair. 
I had to go—now.
I turned and ran, as quickly as my exhausted body would let me. I wouldn’t stop running until I couldn’t go any farther. Fear and adrenaline were harsh taskmasters, but I could deal with that later. Right now I had to get as far away from here as possible. 
I had to get home.



THE BACK OF MY THROAT seared with pain and I tasted blood in my mouth. I breathed deeply, panting, the cold air drying my lips and scratching at my throat. I couldn’t stop running. Every step I took was one step closer to home, one step closer to safety and food and rest. One step away from whatever or whoever was back there in the woods. 
My stomach ached and twisted. I couldn’t tell the difference between the persistent stabbing cramps and the overwhelming gnawing hunger. I had been pushing myself too hard and I knew it, but staying out here wasn’t an option. 
I needed water soon, but getting water was a process. I was surrounded by water, in a sense. There was snow everywhere, but melting it was another story. I no longer had my tin can to melt snow in, and eating it, as tempting as it was, was a terrible idea. It would drop my body temperature and cause me to have to expend more energy to stay warm—precious energy I couldn’t spare, but I was becoming dehydrated at a rapid rate. I would eat a mouthful now and then, licking it off the fuzzy wool of my mittens, relishing the cool wetness as it flowed down my throat—but only enough to take the edge off my thirst. I was sweating under my cloak and heavy layers of clothing. I was in a dangerous zone—releasing significantly more moisture than I was ingesting, but if I stopped, my damp clothing would freeze and I wouldn’t recover from the chill. 
As I pushed myself to get farther, my mind raced and the reality of my situation started to dawn on me. I wouldn’t be able to keep this up much longer, and I was still a long way from home. Stopping any time soon would make the fear of hypothermia look like a real possibility. I had nothing to build a fire with, and I’d be too nervous to fall asleep for fear of slowly freezing to death. 
Though perhaps freezing to death might be welcome. It would be a nice change from this torturous ordeal. I should have spent more time in the gymnasium in the caves. I didn’t see the point of it then. I vowed to do better when I made it back—if I made it back.
The horizon was beginning to lighten. I was relieved to see that I had kept my course. At the very least I was headed in the right direction. It was too easy to get turned around when everything around you looked the same. I could see farther ahead and a burst of excitement rushed through me as I realized where I was. I pushed myself a bit harder to reach the edge of the woods and stopped at the tree line. I stood on the banks of what, in the summer, would be a small lake. Right now it looked like a vast, barren, snow-covered field. I had been here before. I had walked around it on my way out. I had taken hours to reach the opposite side. That would be the safest way. 
However…
The fastest way would be across.
I wrestled with the options. Crossing the lake would be far more dangerous, I had no idea how long the lake would take to freeze solid enough to support my weight, but I was running perilously short on energy, and taking this shortcut would get me that much closer to home. Close enough that perhaps I would see one of the hunting or lookout teams. It would cut hours off my trip, and get me closer to water, hot food and a warm bed.
Both sides held their own dangers, falling through the ice, or collapsing of cold and hunger on the longer journey. I was starting to shake as my body slipped into shock. I needed to get home as quickly as possible. I would cross the lake.
Pushing myself forward, I stumbled onto the flat plain of snow-covered ice. The wind whipped at my cloak as I left the shelter of the trees. Pulling my hood close around my head I trudged forward. It was easier to walk here. The constant wind kept snowdrifts from forming like they did among the trees. It packed the snow and made a hard, flat surface to walk on. I smiled, pleased with myself. I could cover a lot of ground very quickly this way. I started to believe that I would indeed make it back to the caves, and that thought warmed me from the inside. Father, Harlow, Ember, thoughts of them kept me moving. I would even be glad to see Torren. I’d marry him in a heartbeat if it meant I could be home again. 
Maybe that was the serum talking. It didn’t really sound like something I would say.
I shrugged. Who cared at this point? Harlow seemed happy enough, so maybe I would be happy too. Oblivion was kind of like happiness.
I was so preoccupied with thoughts of home that I heard the cracking too late. By the time I realized what was happening, the ground beneath me gave way and I plunged into the frigid water. The shock of it caught my breath and a pain in my chest flared as I gasped for air. 
This was it.
I floundered under the weight of my heavy wet clothing, grasping at the edges of the ice that broke away in my hands. The water licked around my ears and my head bobbed under briefly. I had to fight it, but I didn’t know how. 
As I struggled to stay above water my eyes focused on something that made my heart jump. I was face to face with a wolf. Its pale eyes struck me first, one green and one brown. It was laying flat on its stomach on the edge of the ice.
“Take the rope.”
I heard the voice, and for a moment I wasn’t sure if it was real or some figment of my imagination. Whichever it was, it was accurate. Clenched in the teeth of the wolf was the end of a thick, sturdy length of rope. 
The wolf dropped the rope, which was tied into a loop, and began to edge its way away from the hole in the ice. I grabbed for the rope, but my hands were numb and I couldn’t get a good grip.
“Get it under your arms.”
The voice came back to me again. I pushed the loop over my head and struggled to get my arms through. Before I felt secure I was pulled forward with a mighty jerk. It set the rope firmly in my armpits and I was dragged out of the water and onto the ice where I fainted dead away.

Seventeen



It was the smells I noticed first—wet wool, wood smoke, some sort of cooking meat, and other thick scents I wasn’t familiar with. Some were fragrant, like herbs and flowers, but others musty and odd. I wasn’t ready to open my eyes yet. My body felt heavy and pinned down, as if some unseen weight was pressing me from above. I could tell I was lying there like a broken rag doll. It was how I normally slept. There was something comforting about feeling a stretch in your joints as you dozed off, so I would often arrange my limbs to sprawl across the bed. It wasn’t unusual for one leg to be hanging off the thin metal bunks we had in the caves, or one arm to be stretched up against a wall. I would often wake up with bruises on my thighs where they pressed against the metal frames. 
I wasn’t in the caves. This felt wrong. There were no metal frames pressing against my limbs, even though I seemed to be sprawled as much as my body would allow. There weren’t any beds in the cave that were big enough for this kind of indulgent sleeping. Even the newlyweds were restricted to the single mattresses; they were the only type available in the former prison. 
Something felt strange about my hands and feet. They were numb and burned with pins and needles. My fingers seemed locked together, unable to move. I wiggled them and was able to bend them slightly, but it felt like every movement was pushing against some sort of resistance. I grimaced with the pain of the tiny motion. 
A fire crackled and popped nearby and I could hear voices, low and hushed. I couldn’t hear them well enough to know what they said, but I sensed they spoke of me. Without moving, I opened my eyes slightly, just enough that I could get a hold on my surroundings, but not enough to be immediately obvious to the others in the room. We were in some sort of hut. It was round, with a small fire in the center. A heavy metal pot sat among the red-hot embers and simmered away. My mouth watered at the scent and my stomach growled in similar appreciation. The walls were earth for the bottom four feet or so, smooth and well-shaped. Someone had done a lot of digging to construct this place. It was smart, I thought, to get down below ground. It was easier to keep warm with that much insulation around you. It was what we had done after all. The caves were primarily underground and that fact allowed us to retain much of the warmth we created. 
I glanced higher and I could see thick branches lashed and woven together into an intricate framework, creating a large dome that was perhaps eight or nine feet at the highest point. Smoke hung lazily around the ceiling until it swirled and curled its way through an open flap to the cold outside air. The rafters were nearly obscured from view by a myriad of hanging objects. There were wrapped packages of meat, most likely smoked and preserved, thick bundles of leaves—herbs and medicinals based on the scent, tools, baskets and drying skins of small animals. I couldn’t tell for sure what had been used to cover the roof from the outside to keep out the elements, but I could guess. I had read the books in the library, the historic ones that spoke of tribes of people who lived off the land and cared for themselves as a group. I doubted this was the only hut nearby. 
I shifted myself slightly to pull one of my hands from under the furs. It was wrapped tightly in layers of plain cotton cloth from my wrist to my fingertips. I tried moving my other hand to see if it had the same bandages on it, but it was buried so deeply in the heavy furs that I gave up. It wasn’t worth the strain. My hands felt the same, so if one hand was bandaged, it was likely the other one was as well. 
The voices continued speaking. There were two, no three different ones. One didn’t speak as often as the other two, who were obviously upset about something. I could pick out words now and then, but they made no sense to me. In my hazy state I wasn’t even sure we spoke the same language. I closed my eyes and lay still, straining to catch an errant word or two to help me figure out where I was, and what would become of me. A shiver ran down the length of my spine as I remembered Rowan’s chest, covered in blood, in the hospital wing; my father’s capable hands working quickly and sweat dripping from his forehead. We all did what we had to do to survive the frozen days, and sometimes that meant making alliances and other times it meant making enemies, the Shepherd had said. I remembered his words clearly and my stomach lurched at the thought. Were these people enemies or allies? 
It was quiet now; I heard soft footsteps and the flap of heavy fabric moving. A cold breeze broke through the warmth I had felt on my face from the fire. Someone had gone. All of them? Just one? I wasn’t sure. I wasn’t ready to open my eyes again yet. I wasn’t ready to face whatever was out there. 
“I know you’re awake.”
She spoke softly. Just loud enough for me to hear her, and no louder. 
“The others are gone. You can open your eyes if you want.”
I obliged. 
She was close to my age, perhaps a bit younger, but the skin on her face was darker and hardened, probably from more exposure to the harsh weather than my own pale skin. 
The light of the fire danced over her features and I could see an intricate tattoo sprawled across her face. It was too dark and she was too far for me to make out the details of the design, but in a strange, intimidating way it was very beautiful. Tattoos were not uncommon, even in the caves, in fact they were often used for very practical purposes—but people there didn’t tend to put them in their faces, and other than the hummingbird tattoo I carried, it was rare that they were something of beauty. This tattoo was beautiful. It followed the curves and lines of her face, accenting and complimenting, yet there was something deeper here, something haunting and melancholy. Her eyes watched me, the fire reflecting in them. She knew what I was thinking and ignored it.
“Your clothes aren’t dry yet.” She nodded her head to the other side of the room. I could see them hanging near the fire. It was only then that I realized I wasn’t wearing them. I lifted the heavy blankets to reveal a long shirt covering me to the knees. It was made of soft and well-worn buckskin. My legs and feet were bare, kept warm only by the nest in which I slept. 
“Nothing dries well in here; it might be a while yet. If you need to go somewhere I’ll find you something else to wear, but you weren’t easy to dress when you were lying there like a dead fish.”
My unexpected swim in the lake was starting to come back to me. The woman’s voice, the wolf.
“Are you the one who pulled me out?” I asked, my voice cracking slightly as it warmed up to speaking again. 
“No.” she said. “I would have let you sink to the bottom.”
I didn’t respond. I didn’t know how. 
“My mother saved you. She thinks we need you, but I doubt that. We don’t need anyone like you.”
I didn’t understand. 
“What would they need me for?” I asked, confused.
She laughed and rolled her eyes, as if I really should understand.
“You’re one of them.”
“One of who?”
“The marked ones.”
She flicked her head in my direction and I followed her eyes to my wrist, which was now uncovered. The hummingbird almost glowed in the firelight. It was the first time I had looked at it since I left the caves. It was beautiful, its wings stretched high and proud, but yet I felt ashamed of it and wanted to cover it. They knew who I was. 
“What’s your name?” I asked.
She cocked an eyebrow at me and snickered. Her arrogance riled me, but I knew that was what she intended, so I kept my face bland. 
“Athena,” she said. “God of war.” 
“And wisdom, if I remember correctly,” I added quietly, though I doubted her claim to that. She seemed ready for war at any cost—not the mark of the wise.
“What happened to my hands?” I asked, lifting the added weight of the bandages off the bed. It seemed to require more strength than I would have thought necessary.
“Frostbite most likely,” Athena said. “By the time my mother got you here you were nearly frozen solid. It took everything she had to drag your wet, heavy carcass here from the lake. I’m not sure why she bothered. Your mittens had soaked through and we had to hold them over the fire to melt before we could get them off.”
I groaned softly.
“I told them to just hack them off then when you couldn’t feel it--would have been the kind way of doing it. Now they’ll probably have to chop them off when you’re awake”
I kept my face purposely blank. She was trying to get a rise out of me, but I didn’t want to give her the satisfaction. Inside my stomach lurched and churned. Could this be true? I knew the effects of the cold—I had seen them firsthand in the clinic—but the idea of losing fingers, or even a hand or foot seemed incomprehensible. I couldn’t even process the words Athena said. If my hands were in such a predicament, how were my feet?
“Your feet are about the same, in case you were wondering.”
I gritted my teeth. Athena seemed bound and determined to inflict as much mental pain as she could. 
“But don’t fret, they don’t need you to move much.” She winked at me. “I’m going to sleep now. Do what you want, I don’t care.” 
She had been leaning on a roll of furs which she knelt to unroll. I got a better look at her as she made her bed. She was dressed in slim-fitting buckskin pants and a simple dress-like top that was decorated with dyes that had faded into a soft pattern. She had long dark hair in a thick braid down her back. As she pushed apart some of the furs to slide between them I saw something that shocked and angered me. Wrapped snugly around her wrist was my sling. 
She was right—she played at war, but here, alone, I was helpless. She knew that. She was taunting me—no more, no less. I took a deep breath to steady myself. I wasn’t tired, though I knew it was late at night. Who knows how long I had been out cold. I was stuck here, at least until my clothes dried. Heading out in the cold in damp clothing would be the death of me, especially since I had no idea where I was. 
I pulled my bandaged hand deeper into the warmth of the bed and thought of home. I thought about my hands and feet, Harlow, and my father, and cried silently until I had no tears left.

Eighteen



I must have fallen asleep at some point, though I didn’t remember when exactly. This place was so out of the ordinary for me that I couldn’t tell where reality overlapped my troubled dreams. Daylight was streaming through the small hole in the roof that allowed the smoke to escape. The fire was still burning and its warmth pushed upward and kept any cold air from sneaking in through that one unsecured spot. Every other inch of the hut was dark. It was a testament to how sturdy and secure it was. As dark and dismal as it was in here, no gaps meant no light, which meant, no cold air. The air wasn’t as warm as it was in the caves, but it would be perfectly manageable and comfortable when dressed properly. 
Athena was gone. I was alone here, though, from the noise of voices and work outside, I knew there was no hope of escape. I sat up in the pile of furs I had been using as a bed and wrapped one of the larger, softer ones around me. My clothing was still hanging on the other side of the fire, and I went to collect it. My feet were wrapped in thick bandages like my hands, and every step made my feet feel like electric charges were jolting through my legs. A thousand tiny shocks working together with every movement of my feet. I could stand, but not well, and with each step I grew more lightheaded. I was dressed in little more than a nightgown, and though the room was above freezing temperature, it was far from warm. My hands fumbled as I attempted to pull one of the furs over my shoulders. After it had slipped down my back for the fourth or fifth time I swore quietly under my breath. It was useless. However bad my hands were, the bandages made them useless. I hobbled to my clothes and struggled to pull on the heavy wool skirt and get a sweater over my head. 
My clothes were dry and stiff, the wool had lost much of its pliability and softness. It would return with time and the warmth and movement of my body, but for now it was stiff and uncomfortable. The pants I had worn under my skirts were gone, I noticed, as were all of the weapons I carried. The knives could have been lost in the water I supposed, and Athena was boldly carrying my sling, but I assumed the more likely situation was that they were confiscated or hidden safely away until they figured out what to do with me. 
With some of my clothing back onto my body in a somewhat passable state I glanced at my boots. There was little chance of fitting my bandaged feet into them, even if I could manage the laces. I would have to make do with the bandages for now. I swallowed down the terrifying thought that depending on the amount of frostbite, I might have little use for boots. There was no sense in tormenting myself without knowing for sure, but the thoughts still lingered at the edges of my mind. I knew I was doing nothing but torturing myself, but left alone in the dark, all the demons were free to attack. I found myself battling emotions I hadn’t felt before: fear and insecurity, homesickness, loneliness, and the very distinct possibility that I may never make it back to the caves or to my father again.
Fully dressed, I waited. I was restless, anxious, and didn’t really know what to do. Should I sit calmly and wait? Try to make my way to the door and peek outside? I needed to move, to stretch my legs and work out the kinks, but the idea of revisiting that searing pain in my feet kept me rooted to my bed. I would wait for them.
I didn’t have to wait long. 
The door opened and I squinted at the sudden influx of light. There was commotion around me, and I felt hands pulling me up the carved earth steps, out of the hut and into the blinding sun. My eyes adjusted slowly as I was led, stumbling, out across the snow. A whole village stood outside that little hut, and there were people everywhere. 
Correction: there were women everywhere.
I saw women cooking over fires; one was skinning a deer that hung from a teepee of logs braced against each other; while others boiled water for washing. All of the women wore similar intricate facial tattoos to those I had seen on Athena. Some were older and had faded over years of exposure to sun and cold, but others were new and stained a deep black on their faces. They talked and laughed together as they worked. There were children too, little girls running amongst the women and playing games of tag or hide-and-seek. 
The men must be away from camp. On a hunting trip perhaps? Or possibly gathering like our search teams did. 
As the women caught sight of me the laughter and talking stopped. I moved through the village, for that’s what it was, a rather large village, toward a large central hut. I walked past them and they greeted me with silence. Very few caught my eye, and those that did looked at me with an emotion I couldn’t read. Pity? Distaste? Fear?
Three women walked with me. They dressed in buckskin like Athena did, some with longer skirts over their long pants, others with long fur-lined coats. Each had at least one weapon that I could see. One carried a knife at her hip, another a bow over her shoulder, and the third walked with a spear. They dressed lighter than I did, so either their clothes were much warmer than the multiple layers of wool I wore, or they were just better conditioned to the elements. It was cold, and I wrapped my cloak more tightly around me. Cool air slipped up my skirt as I walked and made me wish they hadn’t taken my pants. 
Up close and in daylight I marveled at their tattoos. They were so detailed and each one was so different. Some crossed the forehead and encircled the eyes, while others cut across the face and included their cheek and neck. They must have been done the old-fashioned way, with needles and ink, unlike mine that was a result of the serum I was given. The old way was painful and tedious, and looked very different from my own mark. 
From where I walked, half supported by the women with me, I counted at least fifteen huts. Some were small, like the one I had been sleeping in, big enough for a few people to sleep comfortably with a fire pit in the center, and others were bigger, maybe common areas or for multiple families to use together. They were all covered by layer upon layer of fur. The furs that lay on top were as white as the snow that surrounded them, but the one at the end of the short road, where we seemed to be heading, was very different. There were brown furs, black ones and grey ones. This hut had been here for a long time. It must have been constructed before the animals had adapted to the constant frozen temperatures. Those animals, wolves, bear and deer had died at the beginning of the frozen days. 
They held the door flaps open for me and I went in alone hobbling slowly on my bandaged feet. It was dark inside and as the door closed behind me with a soft thud, I stood still, waiting for my eyes to adjust again. There were women here too. They sat silently around a fire, lounging or sitting cross-legged on piles of furs. The room was large, perhaps some sort of meeting area. Much of the village could fit in here, based on what I had seen outside. For now it was mostly empty, save the group of women at the fire. As my eyes grew accustomed to the dim light, I counted nine of them. One sat higher than the others, on a short platform or bench. Her thick brown hair was streaked with grey and tied back in many small braids, each braided together into an elaborate rope. Her tattoos were old and faded, but the dye on her shirt was bright and vibrant, and she was decorated with bracelets and necklaces. All of them were, but I could tell she held a place of honor among them. 
A woman sat at her side, silver hair glowing in the firelight. Her eyes mimicked those of the large pale wolf that sat beside her. This must be the woman who pulled me from the lake, Athena’s mother. I tried to nod to her in thanks, but her eyes dropped to her lap. 
I stood, swaying, trying not to focus on the burning in my feet and the dull throb of leg muscles that had been motionless for… I didn’t even know how long. I could have been unconscious for hours, or days. 
I felt awkward and out of place. I didn’t know if I should sit on the ground before them or stay standing. I opted to stand—I could deal with the constant objections of my legs, but I refused to appear weak. I may be hurt, but I wasn’t weak. 
“I see you have awakened,” the woman on the platform said to me.
“Yes, how long was I asleep?” I asked.
She waved her hand, either because she didn’t know, or didn’t care. 
“What is your name, young one?”
“Leona”
“You fell in a lake, Leona.”
I cleared my throat. My voice was rough and gravelly. 
“I know,” I said, sheepish. “I hadn’t intended on it.”
“I should hope not.”
The woman leaned to her side to whisper to the woman beside her, on the opposite side of the woman with the wolf. Nodding slightly she turned back to me.
“Where did you come from?” she asked, eyes of steel watching me. 
I was intimidated. Something about the way her tattoos circled her eyes made it seem as though she could see through my answers, directly to my soul. There was no point in lying. 
“The abandoned prison,” I said quietly. “I don’t know where it is, exactly, I was somewhat lost when I ended up in the lake, and I don’t remember anything since then.”
It seemed like a good idea to remind her that I’d have no way of knowing which way to go to get home. 
She nodded.
“You have a mark.”
I wasn’t sure if that was a question or a statement, but I nodded anyway, using my thick bandaged hand to push up the sleeve, revealing the hummingbird. She nodded.
“How old are you?”
“Seventeen.”
The woman with the wolf lifted her eyes to me then, gazing deep into them before glancing quickly away from me. The wolf yawned, its tongue lolling off to one side. It lay down and rested its head on the woman’s lap.

They whispered between them again, glancing at me every so often. Once they had seemed to come to some sort of decision, she looked back to me.
“My name is Asari,” she said, “and these are my people. You are our captive, and any attempt to escape will end your life. Do not tempt us. There are those who would rather just chop you up to bait the wolves, but I believe we can make use of you.” 
I nodded.
“We have confiscated your weapons and supplies, so escape would be foolhardy anyway, though you have yet to prove to me that you are not indeed a fool, swimming in the lake in the dead of winter.”
It wasn’t exactly for amusement. I thought to protest aloud, but I bit my tongue. Until I had healed and found my bearings, I was stuck here anyway.
“Let me see your mark again.”
I showed it to her; she nodded and looked at the wolf woman, who was now rubbing her lazy pet behind the ears. She nodded back.
“You are fertile, yes?”
I nodded, not trusting my voice. It seemed like a strange question. The wings of the hummingbird on my wrist were high, so chances were that I could conceive, but it didn’t make sense. I hadn’t seen a single man anywhere. What good would my fertility do for them?
Asari called something, and the three women who had escorted me to this hut lifted the door flaps and ducked into the room. A cold breeze followed them in. I shivered involuntarily, less from the cold than my confusing situation.
“Take her to Sire,” she said.
I saw the woman beside her tense as her head snapped up, she whispered something quickly to Asari.
Asari waved her hand again, as if whatever the woman had said to her meant nothing.
“Buck, then.”
I felt hands on my elbow again and as they pulled backwards I lost my balance. They would carry me if I fell, but I still attempted to get my clumsy feet back underneath me. I half-walked, half-fell along with them, allowing them to drag me at times when my strength gave out. I hadn’t eaten since before falling in the lake—that much I knew. My body was giving out. I paid no attention to where we were going until I looked up and realized we hadn’t returned to the hut I had spent the night in. We were somewhere new. I hadn’t seen this hut on our earlier walk, I would have remembered. I could see three women, equally spaced along the perimeter of the hut, and I assumed there was a fourth that I couldn’t see. Each of them was armed with a long bow and quiver full of arrows, slung over their shoulders, and in their hands a long wooden spear with a gleaming metal head. I recognized the painted arrows instantly as the same as the one which had pierced Rowan’s chest. 
The woman at the door stepped aside as the three women with me pushed me roughly through the door without bothering to open the flap. I crashed through the leather and fur down into the sunken room, landing hard on my shoulder and right hand, my head banging against the hard dirt floor. I cursed loudly.
Moaning, I tried to push myself to a sitting position, but the searing pain in my hands brought hot tears to my eyes and the muscles in my arms gave out. I fell back to the cold floor. 
Hands grabbed me around the shoulders and lifted me—strong hands. I whimpered and fought, but they lifted me off the ground. Helpless, I struggled anyway. 
“That’s good, louder.” The deep voice growled in my ear as he carried me away from the door, around the fire that burned in the room. 
He grunted loudly. 
“Thank you ladies!” he called loudly. He continued his senseless grunting as he laid me gently on the furs opposite the door. 
“Make more noise,” he whispered roughly in my ear.
I held my tongue until he grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled in a sharp yank. My eyes filled with tears and I yelped loudly. His voice joined mine in a series of guttural howls, each louder than the last—as if we were struggling or fighting—until they faded off to nothing.
I lay, whimpering on the bed. I pushed myself away from him, and curled into a ball
He seemed to have little interest in me now. Quietly he stepped away from me, and sat on a short stool at the other side of the fire.
“They’ll feed you now.”
I stayed where I was until the door flaps opened, and hands reached in with a small covered pot and a few chunks of flat bread. 
He walked back toward me, holding the pot. I pushed myself farther back against the dirt wall and cried.
“You don’t need to keep whining,” she said. “Eat.”
When I didn’t reach out to take the pot, he laid it on the floor in front of me, took a large bite of one of the pieces of bread and tossed the other one to me.
“Don’t starve yourself. It won’t help you… or me. Another girl did that once and it was a mess. They broke her teeth and her jaw and force-fed her.” 
He didn’t seem to care that I didn’t respond. He went back to his stool and pushed a stick into the fire, adjusting the logs and sending sparks up through the dim room and out the hole in the roof. He chewed on his bread slowly. 
I pulled my cloak over me and tried to process what was happening. He too was dressed mainly in buckskins—unadorned but well-fitted. He was huge, taller even than Torren, with a thick, tawny frame. No wonder lifting me from the floor had seemed so effortless. His hair fell unbound in soft waves to his shoulders, and a few weeks worth of coarse growth adorned his chin. He scratched at it absentmindedly, his long legs stretched out in front of him.
“Seriously, eat,” he said. “You look like death.”
I picked up the bread. It was softer than I thought it would be, and still slightly warm. I held it to my lips and before I knew it, I had wolfed it down. My hunger reared its ugly head and I pushed myself up to a sitting position, bandaged legs sticking out awkwardly, since it was next to impossible to sit cross legged and tuck them under my skirts. 
“Good grief, what happened to you?” he asked, noticing my bandages for the first time.
“Fell in a lake. They told me I have frostbite.”
He winced. “Ouch! Are they going to be ok?”
“I don’t know,” I said, honestly. “I haven’t seen them yet myself. I was passed out cold until yesterday.”
I fumbled with the pot until I finally just knocked the lid off it, and onto the floor. The smell of hot meat greeted my salivating senses. My stomach growled loudly, begging me to feed it. I felt nauseous and light-headed as I stared into the warm stew. 
Buck laughed. “I think I might need to help you with that, huh?”
I glanced at my hands, tears welling in my eyes and nodded.
“Hey, don’t freak out about it. They’ll get better.” He stood and rummaged in a basket, pulling out a metal spoon. “But for now, you get to play invalid.”
He dipped the spoon into the warm stew, blew on it like a mother, readying some food for her child, and slipped it into my eager mouth.
“When’s the last time you ate?”
“I don’t know. I said, swallowing what had to be the best mouthful of food I had ever tasted. “I don’t know how long I’ve been here.” I opened my mouth for another spoonful.
“Then we need to take it slow,” he said. “You’ll hurl all over the place if you eat too much, and then I have to clean it up.
I scowled, but he was right. After no more than seven or eight spoonfuls I’d had enough. Starting to feel queasy, I flopped back onto the bed. My full stomach sat heavily inside me, but I didn’t care. I could almost feel the nourishment exploring my body, repairing and energizing it. My hands and feet burned and every other inch of my body throbbed with a dull ache, but at least my stomach was no longer empty. 
“You’re prettier than the last one they brought me,” he said. “Though, it wouldn’t be tough. The last one had a broken jaw and no teeth.”
That was the last thing I heard before I fell into a deep, exhausted sleep.

Nineteen



 
By the time I woke up there was no light in the room save for the fire glowing dimly in the center. The bright orange flames flickered up toward the tiny patch of open sky.
Buck was still on his stool, staring into the fire and prodding it aimlessly with a stick. 
“Hi,” I said. 
He glanced over to me and then back to the fire. The look of sorrow etched across his strong features, obvious even in the dim light. He was hunched forward, leaning his elbow on his knees, his head resting on his hand as the other continued to poke at the fire. 
“What’s your name?”
He didn’t answer so I just kept talking.
“They just called you ‘Buck’, but I have a feeling that’s not what your mother named you.”
“It’s appropriate.”
He spoke with a rough voice, barely above a whisper. 
I didn’t ask him what he meant by that. He had shown kindness to me earlier, and I was in no state to argue with him.
We sat in silence, watching the fire. Feeling much, but saying nothing.
“Are you feeling better?” he asked.
I nodded. The food and sleep had done nothing for the pain in my hands and feet, but it had done wonders for my mind. I felt clearer than I had since I woke up.
“Then we should get on with it.”
He stood and pulled his shirt over his head, baring a chest that was criss-crossed with a myriad of dark tattoos. 
“Get on with what?”
He stared back at me, unfeeling, unseeing.
“Do they tell you guys nothing out there?”
“Not really.”
“Do you know why you’re here?”
I was starting to have an inkling.
“You need to get a baby in you, and I need to make it happen.”
I wasn’t prepared for the words, and they hit me solidly in the chest. I struggled for air and did nothing but blink at him.
“So, get on with it. Take off your clothes if you want… or not. I doubt they left anything to get in the way.”
I curled myself up, shrinking away from him and pulling my skirts closer around me.
“Don’t be like that. I’m pretty sure you don’t have anything under those skirts of yours that I haven’t seen before.”
I found my breath.
“Touch me and I’ll scratch your eyes out.” I said through gritted teeth.
He raised an eyebrow, his smug and cocky expression causing me to flare up in defense. I flushed slightly when I remembered that any fingernails I had were covered in thick layers of cloth.
His voice softened slightly.
“If I don’t touch you, they’ll tear another strip off my back and take you away to God knows where. I’m your best option, trust me.”
I laughed out loud, from a mixture of fear and spite.
“Trust you? Why would I trust you? You basically attacked me the second I got in here.”
He laughed loudly and then dropped to his knees in front of me and snarled.
“Attacked you?” he whispered, anger searing through his words. “They expect me to rape you the minute they throw you in here. That’s my job. That’s why they keep me here, to take sorry girls like you and make them mothers, whether they care to be or not. I saved you the indignity of that, princess. Next time you might not get off with a sore scalp. These people made me into a monster. Don’t forget that.”
He turned from me and went back to his stool. The light of the fire flickered against his back, and I saw that there were more than tattoos there. His back was covered in ridges, intersecting and overlapping. They were hidden in part by the elaborate black markings, but plain to me, now that I understood.
I bit my lip.
“Once those wings of yours drop, we only get one more shot at it,” he said, glancing at the bird on my wrist, “But I won’t make you do it this time if you’re so insistent. Usually the girls at least have a few days to get used to the idea before...”
I nodded weakly. 
“Thank you,” I whispered.
“Thank me when you have a baby in your belly,” he said tersely. “Until then, you’re as screwed as I am.” 
Pun intended. 
He stood again and moved toward me. I shrunk back again as his towering bulk silhouetted against the fire.
Pulling his shirt over his head, he raised his chin in my direction.
“I’m going to sleep,” he said. “There’s only one bed in here so if you’re not willing to share I can dump you in the dirt.
I moved.
He stretched out on his side, pulling some of the soft furs over him. At first I tried to stay as far away as possible, but he was blocking the warmth of the fire, and the short dirt walls were cold. I shivered under the furs until I finally relented and moved closer to him, my back pressing against his, sharing the warmth that radiated from him. 
We slept.


I WOKE TO A COOL breeze on my back. The furs shuffled and flopped back over me. I rolled over to gather the last of his body heat from the vacated bed. He had stood up and was in the process of finding a few logs to stoke the smoldering embers that threatened to go out. Sparks shot from the ashes as a few heavy logs dropped onto them, and he added a handful of twigs and kindling to help it get going. They flickered to life instantly, chasing the dim shadows of our hut to the farthest corners. 
“Move over, princess,” he said, his voice thick and heavy from sleep and disuse. “I’m getting back in. There’s no sense being out here until this place warms up a bit.”
I shuffled over and braced myself for the cold that slipped in with him, clinging to his skin like wet clothing. 
He shivered for a moment until he was able to shake the chill. I lay silently beside him. 
“They’ll probably bring us some food soon. If there’s any benefit to being in here it’s that we always get fed. Can’t starve a girl into making babies now can you?”
I didn’t answer, though I salivated slightly at the thought of food. The few meager spoonfuls of stew I’d eaten the previous night were long gone, and my stomach was ravenous once again. 
“I hope you’re not some weird vegetarian,” he said, “because we don’t get much more than meat.”
I laughed out loud. There was something about his manner that set me at ease. 
“I love meat.”
We didn’t get much meat in the caves. Yes, the teams went hunting now and then, and we raised some animals for meat too, but there were so many people in the caves that by the time everyone had eaten there was only a mouthful or two per person. It made sense that this tribe, for lack of a better word, had more meat than anything else. They were surrounded in forests, and unlike the caves it was doubtful they had the benefit of a large room roofed in glass to grow fresh produce. 
“Do the men hunt a lot?”
He rolled over suddenly.
“Men?” he asked.
“Yeah,” I said, “I haven’t seen any since I got here. I assumed they were hunting.”
Buck laughed, his deep voice deafening in my ears in these close quarters. He laughed for longer than I imagined possible for such a seemingly straightforward question. By the time he got hold of himself, I was starting to grow irritated.
“Men?” he said, wheezing as he struggled to gain his breath. “There are a grand total of two men in this camp, and you’re looking at one of them.”
He still snickered under his breath. 
“The women you see out there, the old ones at least are remnants from the feminist movement. I think they fancy themselves a kind of Amazon tribe, you know those mythical women who cut off one of their breasts so they could shoot an arrow better. They have no need for men,” he said, “Well, with one obvious exception.”
He was a breeder, called in for stud service. I recalled the children I had seen running and playing. There were girls like Athena, close to my age, all the way down to babies slung on hips. 
“Do all the women come to you?” 
He snorted. “Nope. But have you seen me? They probably all want to, but Asari doesn’t let them if there is no point.”
“No point?”
“No chance of knocking them up. Haven’t you noticed their tattoos?”
Of course I had, they were so prominent it would be impossible for an outsider to miss. My thoughts went to Ember, the thin dark line trailing from the hairline at the center of her forehead to her left earlobe. These tattoos were more than adornment, they were covering those marks. 
“Most of the women here can’t have children,” Buck said with a shrug. “The older ones did it to themselves, the younger ones, probably their parents.”
All those children came from the man lying beside me and girls like me.
“How long have you been here?” I asked, my voice quiet against the loud crackling of the fire.
“A long time—I stopped counting a while ago.”
He was serious now. 
“Long enough to forget who I am.”
He was silent for a long time before speaking again.
“How long has it been since the frozen days began?” he asked gently.
“Almost eighteen years.” I said.
He sighed, and did the calculations.
“I was nine when it started, so that would make me twenty-seven, give or take. I’ve been here for almost eight years.”
“Where were you before that?”
He turned abruptly from his position on his back beside me, and suddenly I was looking at a tall shoulder, blocking me from the warmth of the fire.
Talk about cold shoulder.
“I’m going to sleep some more,” he said. 
I didn’t protest, but huddled deeper in the furs beside him, sharing our warmth and let the things I had learned wash over me in silence. 
For the first time I felt a deep, startling feeling of dread. I was trapped, surrounded by ruthless women with spears, doing what they could to survive—my only commodity my empty womb. 

Twenty



 
“I can’t be sure yet, but there’s a really good chance you might lose a few of these fingers, and at least two of your toes.”
I winced. 
They had taken Buck out earlier this morning for a hot bath, a weekly luxury, they said. A luxury indeed, to have your hands bound and be shuffled out at spear point through the snow to the bathing hut. The wolf-woman had come to check my frostbite and change my bandages while he was gone. She rubbed my hands with a warm, potent salve. I didn’t want to look. I didn’t want to see the blackened fingertips, or the swollen knuckles, so I kept my eyes on the woman who tended to me. She was beautiful. Her silver hair was tied into a simple braid and hung to her waist. It was so pale, almost white—almost the identical color to the wolf that currently lounged in the doorway. 
“How did you tame your wolf?” I asked.
She smiled, something I had yet to see her do since I arrived.
“I didn’t,” she said. “I found him when he was a baby, or, he found me, I still don’t know which way it happened. He’s followed me ever since.”
“Does he have a name?”
“No.”
“Then how do you call him?” I asked.
“I don’t,” she said. She glanced lovingly at the sprawling creature. “I think he might read my mind. He’s always there when I need him, even from the very start. He was exactly what I needed, right at that moment.”
“What did you need?”
Her smile faded. “A hug. I had lost so much.”
Everyone had, in those days. There wasn’t a person I had ever met who had come through the frozen days without being haunted by those who didn’t make it. Millions had perished in that first storm alone. We were the lucky ones. 
“Why do you have those tattoos?” I asked.
She glanced up into my eyes, but didn’t answer.
“I mean, Buck told me that you guys tattooed your faces to hide the mark…” I trailed off.
“I know what you mean.”
“But you’re a mother. You’re Athena’s mother.”
“I have many children.”
“How many?”
“Thirteen.” 
The number seemed unreal. Even the biggest families in the caves had only seven or eight children, fertility was prized, but most parents were soon overwhelmed by issues of space. I always felt for those families, crammed into the same small rooms as the rest of us. Kids usually slept two or three together on the bunks, because there simply weren’t enough to go around. 
“I was teaching Athena how to do the tattoos, she needed a subject.”
“Athena did that?” I marveled at the creativity and design of the intricate markings. A lone wolf howled at the moon on a jagged rock, surrounded by a field of clover, the moon circling her left eye. A single star shimmered in the sky, tucked just under her hairline, while wispy clouds traced their way across her cheekbone. “It’s beautiful.” 
Athena, from the short time I spent with her, didn’t seem like the kind of person to have that kind of beauty inside her. 
She smiled as she slowly and delicately wrapped strips of clean cotton around my hands, tying them with skilled and practiced hands.
The wolf growled—low and barely noticeable, even in the small hut. 
“Leave him,” she said, and then winked at me. “Wolves and bucks don’t naturally get along.”
The door flap lifted and Buck ducked through the low opening and down the few steps into the room, his long legs stepping over the wolf blocking the door. He was dressed in clean buckskins and his hair was still damp from his bath. The wolf stood and growled again. 
“Don’t tempt me, mongrel,” he said, equally intimidating.
The woman rolled her eyes at me. “Men.”
She stood to leave, the wolf sliding through the door as she started in that direction.
“Oh, don’t leave on my account, Nova,” Buck said, as she deftly untied the ropes on his wrists, “Princess and I have been so lonely.”
She laughed and smacked him lightly on the cheek before taking his chin in her hands. 
“Dear boy, you have other things to do than flirt with an old woman like me.”
“Age doesn’t make you less beautiful, you know.”
“Set your sights on the task ahead of you,” she said, looking meaningfully at me. 
“Oh, Princess? She’s fine and dandy, a little cranky sometimes.”
“Aren’t we all.” Nova lifted the door flap and looked back as she stepped outside. “Do your duty, Buck. We all know what happens when Asari gets mad.”
The flap fell, sealing out the light that had streamed through the small opening. Buck tossed a few big logs on the fire.
“Don’t mind me, Princess, the hot bath was nice, but a guy can forget all that during the frosty walk back.”
The fire roared to life and within minutes the hut was almost comfortably warm, enough that I pushed the hood of my cloak back off my head. 
“I wouldn’t know,” I said, “They won’t let me have a bath until I don’t need these bandages anymore, so I might not be clean before summertime.”
Nova had combed my hair at least, tying it back in a tight braid in an attempt to keep it from knotting. It was nice to appear somewhat presentable, but I still felt filthy. My clothes had been somewhat clean after I woke up in Athena’s hut, but that was almost a week ago, by my count. The combination of the dirt floor and living in close proximity to an ashy fire made me feel like I was coated in a grimy film. The wings of my hummingbird had been dropping for a few days now, and since Buck only touched me out of necessity, it was pretty unlikely we had achieved our appointed mission. I would bleed soon, and then the whole process would start again. As soon as they had started to drop, we both breathed a sigh of relief. At the very least I would have a month. Twenty-eight days to come up with a plan to get out of here. We were trapped here together, but any expectations of us dropped—at least for the moment. I tried not to think about the hours and days that slipped by, each one pushing us closer to the inevitable. 
“Meh,” said Buck. “I like a girl with a good musk.”
I laughed out loud. 
“I prefer my bed warmers to be clean, personally.”
“As it please m’lady,” he said with a mock bow.
Our food was handed through the door, as it always was, twice a day. Buck took it from whoever was out there and sat down beside me on the furs. As usual, it was some kind of stew. I shifted to find a comfortable place to sit. I still had no use of my hands, so every day, twice without fail, Buck fed me like some invalid child. My feet hurt less than they did, but it nagged at me that there were times that I couldn’t feel my toes. I pretended it was just that they fell asleep from sitting so much, but I knew in my heart that it wasn’t true. Every day I tried to walk on them, some days were better than others, but at best I still limped. Being able to fit shoes on would probably help, the added ankle support would help keep me upright, but so far the thick bandages prevented me from getting the boots onto my feet, even if I had working fingers to tie the laces. 
There were days that I wanted to beg someone to cut them off, those useless toes I knew were in there. I still hadn’t looked, but the visions that plagued my dreams and imagination couldn’t possibly be far from reality. If they were gone, I would heal and move on. As it was I was stuck, dead tissue with no chance of recovery, just… there. I couldn’t make the words pass through my lips, however, not to anyone who had any actual ability to help. I had told Buck once, late one night during a moment of vulnerability, but for obvious reasons he had no access to blades of any kind. 
“I’d chop ‘em off for you if I could, Princess,” he had said, to which I burst into tears. He had thought I was scared, or sad and immediately recanted, assuring me he wouldn’t be able to anyway, but it wasn’t that. In that moment, he had been a friend. He had been trapped here for eight years, treated like a monster, a sperm bank, a stud service. He had been beaten and tortured to the point where at times he truly saw himself as the soulless being they told him he was, and yet there was something in him—however deep—that still cared enough about me to help. 
My fingers were a whole other issue. I was terrified to see them go. No matter how much the pain bedeviled me, I couldn’t stomach the thought of losing them. I couldn’t even think about looking down at my hands and seeing the gaps. I could keep my feet inside shoes, but there was little I could do to hide my hands, a constant reminder of this terrible mistake.
If I made it out.
“If you don’t start opening your mouth, I’m just going to eat it all,” said Buck. We had long since given up using separate spoons. It was just too cumbersome for him to juggle the bowl and two spoons, trying to keep them separate, so we didn’t bother. Dutifully I opened my mouth and was rewarded with a succulent mouthful. 
Buck tended to feed himself two or three mouthfuls in the time it took me to eat one, but being that he was double my size, and that there was no chance I’d be able to eat as much as him, I didn’t object. 
“Who is Sire?” I asked, as I waited for the spoon to come my way again.
Buck shoveled a chunk of meat covered with hearty gravy into my mouth.
“I’m not sure, but I think once I heard he was Asari’s brother.” 
I chewed and swallowed.
“Is he confined like you are?”
Buck shook his head. “I don’t think so,” he said with his mouth full. “I think they let him hunt and stuff, but it’s unlikely that he’s going anywhere.”
“Why?”
“I think he fathered all of Nova’s kids, and he’s always been kind of fond of her, so between her and their brood, I doubt he’d leave.”
“Does he still… um… do what you do?”
“Most likely. There are kids that show up here that didn’t come from me, so he’s probably still… working.”
“Would you leave? If you could?”
“Don’t think I haven’t tried.”
“Don’t you feel attached to your kids?”
Buck snorted. “They aren’t kids when they leave this tent. I’m not sure I could pick mine out of the crowd if they lined up all those kids out there.”
He handed me another spoonful. 
“I could,” I said. “They’d be the ones that look like they swallowed a handful of growth hormone.”
He laughed out loud, sending droplets of gravy splattering onto the dirt floor. 
“I suppose that might be true.”
“If I end with a baby out of this, I’ll come show it to you.”
He darkened.
“I’d rather you didn’t.”

Twenty-one

Ember

Something was terribly wrong. I could feel it.
I had never been terribly perceptive about anything—perhaps if I had been, my life would have ended up closer to being what I wanted it to be—but today I just felt it in my bones. I couldn’t concentrate on anything I was doing as this feeling just gnawed away at my soul, so it was no surprise when my doorway was darkened by a familiar silhouette.
“I need your help, Ember,” he said, voice barely above a whisper. It wavered slightly, and I could tell he was trying to hold back some kind of unknown terror.
“Harlow?” I asked, though I knew I was right. My golden sister was in trouble.
Rowan nodded. 
“Did something happen?”
He didn’t answer, but just beckoned me to come with him. I knew what he was feeling and didn’t press farther—the feeling that if you put your fears into words, you might just break down completely.
“Is it the baby?” I asked.
Harlow had told me of her impending pregnancy two months ago, she had to be at least 5 months along by now, based on the swelling of her belly. 
Rowan shook his head. Out of guesses I just followed him down the halls, my sense of worry increasing with each step. 
Harlow was asleep on their bed, breathing deeply. I glanced at Rowan, confused. Nothing seemed amiss about a pregnant woman taking a nap.
“She doesn’t wake up,” he said, voice cracking.
My head snapped to my sister, and then back again to Rowan, who was looking more and more like he was going to explode into tears. I don’t remember crossing the room, but there I was, kneeling at the bedside, shaking her softly.
“Harlow… Harlow? Wake up, honey, it’s Ember.”
I could hear the soft sobbing and I knew that Rowan’s heart was twisting into knots behind me. I knew he had tried this already, but I would try it again.
My voice got louder and my shaking more violent, until I felt Rowan’s hands on my back.
“Someone will hear you.”
I stopped. They couldn’t hear us. Whatever was wrong with Harlow, no one could know, not yet.
Rowan and I stared at each other in the dim light of the room—the horror of the situation etching itself onto my heart as it already had on his.
People didn’t get sick here. We were trained, retrained and reminded about cleanliness and bio-security. All the genetic diseases were eradicated, but we could still get an infection, or a virus, and in close quarters, something that simple could have a devastating effect. I had no idea what was wrong with Harlow, but I had heard whispers about sick people in the past, and they always ended in the same words… “for the good of the community”.
No one could know. Rowan had risked so much even coming to me.
“When did this start?” I asked quietly.
“A few days ago,” he said in a hoarse whisper, “What day is it? Almost a week I think.”
“We need to keep her here, hidden,” I said to Rowan, who nodded. Though I’m sure he would have nodded if I told him we had to keep her in the stables covered with straw. His eyes were on Harlow and Harlow only. 
Harlow’s pregnancy was a saving grace. Women were released from work duty once they hit their fifth month, and women in their first pregnancies were put into a kind of confinement during the last three months to keep them from any sickness that might endanger the baby. Only husbands were allowed with their wives in the room, and a doctor or midwife if the husband felt it was necessary. She had stopped working a few weeks ago, so if we could keep anyone from discovering her for a few more weeks without anyone suspecting, we could presumably give ourselves a few months to figure out what was wrong and help her before anyone noticed.
“I’ll start telling people that I recommended she start her confinement early. Her feet are swelling, and I want her to stay off of them.”
Rowan nodded along with me.
“Does she eat?” I asked.
He nodded. “She’ll swallow if I feed her. Sometimes she opens her eyes and stares, but I can’t get her to look at me, or say anything.” 
His eyes were wet and his cheeks streamed with tears. I turned to Rowan and took his face in my hands. 
“We’re going to figure this out,” I said. “She’s going to get better.”
He nodded.
“Do your work when you need to and I’ll do mine. We’ll switch off taking care of her and she will get better.”
I spoke with the same authority I used with women during a hard labor, the ones who were tired and emotional and wanting nothing more than to give up. 
I only hoped I sounded more convincing than I felt.


A WEEK PASSED WITHOUT arousing any kind of suspicion. My concern was as much for Rowan as it was for Harlow. He was shrinking before my eyes, a hollow shell of the person I knew him to be. It tore my heart out to watch him grieve, for it was a type of grief, this thing that ate at him. He did not sorrow after death, but in a life suspended—the only clue of time’s passage the every growing belly on my dear sister. I sat with her as much as I could without drawing notice, which wasn’t difficult, since no one paid much attention to me anyway. As long as I filled my work rotations and made appearances in the dining hall a few times a day, the rest of my time was my own. 
Rowan had more duties than I did, but spent every spare moment in his room with his wife. He entered the dining hall only to take a tray with two rations back to his rooms. He ate while I patiently fed Harlow, who hovered in and out of some sort of consciousness.
I had to water down much of the food to make sure she wouldn’t choke, and was relieved when Rowan brought soups and broths. I was planning to announce her confinement as soon as possible—simply letting the right people know was guaranteed to spread the news through the caves faster than I could on my own. We had passed the point where people would question it. If Harlow was in confinement, even our own mother wouldn’t be allowed to enter her rooms. That had been the most difficult part of this charade—finally I had taken her aside, told her there was a problem, but to keep it a secret and I would tell her when the time was right. She had worried, but had promised to keep it to herself. She too could see Rowan flailing, barely making it through the days on two feet, but she trusted me.
I hoped I would continue to give her reason to. 
I borrowed medical journals from the library when I could, and if I could think of a good reason to, even asked Torren to borrow some of his, but they were only helpful in putting me to sleep. Harlow’s condition was as baffling as it was worrisome. She would open her eyes once or twice a day, but there was nothing there. She looked without seeing and if she could hear us, she gave no sign. It was almost better when she slept—there was no false sense of hope. 
I was checking the baby when Rowan came in with dinner.
“Soup?” I asked.
He shook his head, the weariness and worry etched on his face.
“Rice casserole” he said.
Could be worse, rice casserole was easy to water down and had no big chunks. 
“Are you getting any sleep?”
He didn’t have to answer; even he knew it was a rhetorical question.
I pressed into Harlow’s belly, assessing the size and position of the baby. Releasing the pressure of my hands I smiled when I felt the kick of the tiny person on the inside of my sister.
“Hello, little one, I’m your aunt Ember.”
Rowan glanced up from the bowl of food he wasn’t eating. I beckoned him over took his hand and laid it on her belly where mine had been.
I pressed his hand gently down and was rewarded with the first smile I had seen on Rowan’s face since before Harlow disappeared from us. 
It was weak, it was sad, but it was a smile.
“That’s your baby,” I said.
He nodded. I knew his mixed emotions as well as I knew my own. There was awe and happiness tinged with sorrow and fear. This tiny life was so strong and its mother—the love of Rowan’s life, and my only remaining sister—so weak.
“Do you want me to see if I can find its heartbeat for you?” I asked, holding up the stethoscope I carried in my midwife’s kit.
He nodded, his hand still on his wife’s belly.
I lifted Harlow’s shirt and pressed with my hands to try to ascertain the baby’s position, warmed the chestpiece out of habit and rested it lightly on her skin. It took a few tries, but soon I pulled the earpieces from my ears with one hand and handed them to Rowan. I saw the tears bead in his eyes as he heard the steady thumping of the tiny life. He pulled the stethoscope from his ears, pushed past me and dropped to the floor by his wife’s head. He sobbed into her hair, cradling her head. I stepped back, allowing them a private moment. I was about to leave when he spoke. 
“I’m the worst father,” he said.
I didn’t answer, not because I agreed, but because I didn’t have the words to say before he kept talking.
“I can hear my baby, but right now, I don’t care. I don’t care that this child is strong or healthy. I just want Harlow to wake up. I can’t be happy about it without her.”
He stood, pacing frantically in the tiny room, releasing the fear and anger that had been building up inside him through some sort of pointless activity. From my chair by the door I reached out to him as he came near and rested my hand on his arm.
I said nothing, but he stopped moving. I rose to my feet and with my hand firmly planted on his arm I guided him to the chair I had just vacated, and handed him the bowl of food he had left to get cold on the nightstand. 
“A hunger strike helps no one,” I said. “Eat.”
He pushed the bowl away.
“I can’t eat, my stomach is all tied up in knots.”
I pressed further. 
“There is a beautiful woman and a tiny helpless baby lying on that cot,” I said. “They need a hero, a strong, healthy husband and father to get them through this. Eat.”
He looked up at me, tears spilling from his eyes. I braced for another protest but it didn’t come. His hand reached for his spoon and he ate in silence.

Twenty-two

Leona

I tugged my sleeves down over my wrists. Perhaps if he didn’t see, he wouldn’t remember.
My mind raced behind a face intentionally blank. I had run out of ideas, but for some reason I couldn’t stop going over the same impossible scenarios, looking for a loophole, potential. There was none. I had no way out. We were guarded constantly and heavily, more to dissuade the 250 pound tank that lay asleep beside me on the furs. The scars on his body gave testament to the lengths they were willing to go to keep us here, imprisoned, obedient.
It was dark outside, I could tell from the flap in the ceiling, but it was never dark in here. To let the fire grow dim enough to sleep well meant waking up to ashes and a frozen nose. The fire was the only way of keeping the constant cold at bay, and as a result, I slept little. I was used to the dim humming light in the caves; where there was only as much light as absolutely necessary. I could see the brightness through my closed eyes. There was no escaping the light or the incessant crackling. Buck had taken to sleeping between me and the wall, he said I was so small that I didn’t block the heat anyway, and then I wouldn’t have to constantly roll over to warm my cold side against his warm body. Mostly I was grateful, but secretly I would have preferred the cold if it meant sleeping in his shadow. Sometimes exhaustion found me and there was nothing I could do to defend myself from deep, dreamless sleep, but that kind of rest was rare. Most nights I slept fitfully, if at all. 
Buck mostly slept well, but he too had nights where the past haunted him. I would feign sleep, to allow him the privacy of his own demons. He would sit on his stool and stare blankly into the fire, but beneath those hollow eyes I sensed a pain so deep, so buried within the darkest corners of his soul, as if his tall, muscled body would one day crumble from the weight of it. He hadn’t said much, if anything about his past, but I knew it ate away at him. Eight years he had been here. For me it had been about a month and already I had begun to feel the walls of this hut closing in on me. My plans for escape grew more and more insane and desperate. It was unlikely that I would make it out of here alive, unless I had help, but the most logical partner was either unable or unwilling, or both.
 I had brought up the subject once, gently. I had never seen him that angry, but after a few days, I realized that he wasn’t angry as much as he was scared. They had hurt him, deeply.
“You have an escape already, Princess,” he had said, after he calmed down. “I’m here for life. Thinking anything else is just mean. Like handing a child a lollipop and then snatching it away after the first lick.”
I didn’t see my own situation as positively as he did, and told him that.
He scoffed. 
“You just need to use that belly of yours, and they’ll let you out eventually. Look at Nova, she was in your situation once, and she sits in that hut with the other elders.”
“But is she free? Can she just walk away?
He had shrugged. “As free as any mom that loves her kids, I guess. I doubt she’d scamper away without them.”
That didn’t seem like freedom to me. I wanted Harlow and my father, and even marrying Torren seemed more pleasant than being nothing more than a womb on legs. But what was Harlow? Was that better? I had come to a place where I wasn’t sure what was better, this forced, obvious confinement, or the subversive, devious one I had left?
I was on my own in this, and I was running out of time. 


BUCK ARRANGED A FEW clean dry logs on the fire, building it up for the night. He was clean and fresh from his weekly bath, and Nova had come to replace the bandages on my hands and feet and check my wounds. She made soft hissing noises through her teeth, which I knew to be far from good, but I didn’t ask. I couldn’t handle any more bad news. 
She said almost nothing while she was there, and I didn’t care. I was done talking. Talking was useless. Hope had started fading from my mind and, I wondered how long it would take before it had completely disappeared. 
“Get comfy Princess. Tonight’s the night,” he said.
I scowled at him.
“You can cover that wrist of yours all you want. I may be a monster, but I can count.”
“Get lost.”
He laughed. It wasn’t his regular good-natured chuckle—it was more sinister than that. 
“You don’t get it, do you, Princess,” he said, his voice spiteful and vicious. “This isn’t a game. If you don’t get a baby in your belly in the next few days, you’ll be lucky to get out of this alive.”
I didn’t like it when Buck got like this, it scared me, but I rolled my eyes anyway, as if I believed nothing of what he said. “Same old song.”
Any semblance of decorum was lost and within a second I found myself on my back on the furs, his heavy body pinning me. I pounded at him with my fists, reaching and struggling for his eyes, his ears, anything I could get my hands on that would hurt him, but my bandaged hands were useless. I had no fingers, no fingernails. I might as well have been hitting him with a pillow. 
“Lay still,” he growled in my ear as his hands fumbled with my skirt. “Honestly, Princess, I’ll knock you out and do this while you’re unconscious if you don’t stop pummeling me with those mittens of yours.”
I stopped. However much I wanted to hurt him, the truth was that I couldn’t. Instead I used my mouth. I called him every hateful, hurtful name I could think of, ones I had previously considered too vile to say. I threw every ounce of fear and hate I had inside me at this brute, this man who would rape me because a bunch of weak women told him to.
I whimpered.
He finished quickly. For that much at least I was thankful.
He pushed himself off me and tied the string at the waist of his buckskin pants. I sobbed alone on the floor, the pain of his intrusion overshadowed by the sense of betrayal. In this sick situation I had come to think of Buck as a friend, in this with me, bound together against the women outside. 
He wasn’t a friend.
He wasn’t any better than them.


I WEPT SILENTLY ON THE floor, alone on the furs, for a very long time. 
“I’m sorry, Princess,” he said.
I ignored his useless apologies. He wasn’t allowed to toy with my feelings that way. 
He took a deep breath.
“I’ve been here a long time, and I can’t even talk about some of the things I’ve seen. This whole thing is one never-ending nightmare. I helped you, you know that?”
Help. Funny.
“Remind me to never ask for your help again,” I said, despite my resole to never utter a word to that poor excuse for a human being.
“You don’t know what it’s like,” he said, his voice cracking under the strain. “I could do the right thing, and you end up dead, or worse, or I could do this, just this one little thing and give you a chance, a shot, something I can’t even hope for anymore.”
He paused.
“I don’t know what it was that I did to deserve this hell, but here I am.”
“Don’t make this about you.” I said quietly.
“No?” he said, standing to pace, “because this is fun for me? Because you’re the only person hurting here? How attached are you to those nice white teeth of yours, or those pretty green eyes? How about your arms? Or your legs? You don’t need any of those to have a baby, you know. I know that, and so do they. If I could get you out of here without having to watch you go through that, I will, and if it means selling my soul just a little more than I already have, so be it.”
He knelt in front of me, and put his hands on the ground in front of me to look me in the eyes. 
“Get out of here alive, Princess. That’s all I want. I’m dead already.”

Twenty-three





Somehow life looked different by the time the sunlight peeked through the hole in the ceiling. Buck slept like a man tormented, shouting and writhing against a familiar enemy. I was still angry, but much of my righteous indignation had started to wear off by the time morning came. 
We ate our breakfast of beans, rice and flatbread in silence, Buck avoided my eyes, even when reaching out to feed me. 
“Where do they get this food?” I asked. It was an innocuous question, chosen to get Buck talking again. I was already tired of the silence. No matter what we were still stuck here together.
He shrugged.
“I haven’t seen any place they could grow beans, and rice isn’t something they could gather either.”
Buck sighed. “Before hell froze over, Asari was the cutthroat CEO of a big survivalist company. They sold stuff to the military and also to crazy people who stockpiled food for Armageddon. I guess she took her own advice.” He took a bite, chewing slowly.
“I wondered once if because of that, she felt some kind of weird personal responsibility when the storms started, like maybe that she should have had some kind of foresight or something.” He shrugged. “Whatever happened, she’s a bit of a psycho.”
I couldn’t resist a smile at that.
We finished the rest of our food in silence. 
“Do you think you could help me?” I asked.
Buck turned from the fire to look at me. 
“I need help with my hair,” I said. 
Nova had braided it for me last over a week ago, and I was worried it was starting to mat. I held the end of the braid between my bandaged hands and tugged at the strip of leather with my teeth. 
Buck shook his head and moved to sit next to me.
“You really are useless, Princess.”
“Not entirely.”
If he had been drinking he surely would have snorted the liquid through his nose. 
“I’d be amazed if you could do that without my help.” 
He sat cross legged next to me and pulled the tie from the end of my braid. His hands worked with a nimble lightness that contrasted with his large, rugged hands. 
“Have you done this before?”
He chuckled. 
“Eight years I’ve been stuck in this hole with countless women—like really, I didn’t count them, there were so many—but I can say with complete certainty not a single one of them asked me to comb their hair.”
Nova had left a hairbrush here for me. It was missing a handle, but I was grateful to have anything.
“I am sorry,” he said. “I really am.”
I wanted to answer, to absolve him. It wasn’t his fault. He was in as impossible a situation as I was—but I couldn’t find the words. My lip quivered and my eyes filled with tears. As strong as I had always thought myself, I was crumbling. 
I could feel him hesitate as he realized I was crying. He scooped me up like a child and pulled me onto his lap. I sobbed into his shoulder as he stroked my head and murmured words I couldn’t hear. He had hurt me, deeply, but somehow being comforted by this man was exactly what I needed. We were in this together, however insurmountable a future we had.


AS I CURLED MYSELF into the furs that night, I knew it would be one of those nights where exhaustion plainly overtook me. Our bed had never been more comfortable. Even the lumpy ground that regularly plagued me felt smoother and softer than usual. For the first time since leaving the caves, I truly felt warm. No matter how close I got to the fire in here, the side of me that faced away from the fire was constantly cold. Tonight I reveled in the warmth as I dozed off. 
So cozy and tranquil I was, that I barely noticed when Buck crawled into bed with me, but I definitely noticed when he jumped back out. He nearly ran to the door flap, lifted it and shouted to the guards.
“Nova! We need Nova! NOW!”
I stirred slightly, slurring my words.
“What’s wrong?”
I could read the worry on his face.
“It’s you, Princess, you’re burning up.”
I shook my head.
“I’m just warm, from the fire and the furs.”
“No,” he said. “That heat is coming from you, not the fire.”
He knelt on the floor beside me, placing a hand gently on my forehead. It did seem as though his hand was unusually cold, and the room did seem to be moving more than normal. I tried to sit up, but struggled to find the strength.
“Don’t get up,” Buck said, gently pushing me back. “Nova will know what to do.”
As if she had heard her name, the door flap lifted and Nova ducked in, a leather satchel under her arm. 
“She’s burning up.”
Nova nodded. She came directly to me and began unwrapping my hands.
“How long has she been like this?” she asked Buck.
“Not long,” he said. “She was fine maybe an hour ago.”
Nova sucked in a deep breath as the last piece of cotton fell from my hand, I knew that smell as well as she did. I didn’t have to look at my hand to know what was wrong. It was an infection, and considering how quickly I was getting sicker, it was spreading fast.
I began to feel dizzy. The heat and the sickly smell were making my stomach lurch and my head spin. I looked up at Buck, who had soaked a cloth from our canteen and was laying it on my head. Nova’s hands worked quickly, a blur to my pounding eyes. 
Then, for the second time in as many months, I fainted, but not before seeing something that startled me:
A hummingbird tattoo on Nova’s wrist.
Twenty-four

Nova

I was glad she was unconscious. She wasn’t going to enjoy what was going to happen next.
“We need to cut them off, immediately, before the infection spreads any more than it has.”
I looked at Buck, the lines of worry creasing his face.
“Can I trust you won’t take advantage of the situation if I bring a blade in here?”
“On my honor, whatever good that is to you.”
“It’s good enough. I need Athena, send the guards.”
Buck did as I said and within moments Athena was at my side, taking stock of the situation. I had fixed tourniquets around her wrists and ankles, both to stop her blood from draining when I made the cuts, and to keep the infection contained. I needed to work fast.
“Athena, your blade.” 
She looked suspiciously at Buck, which amused me to no end. I had known about Athena’s feelings for Buck for years, though she tried to hide them from me. I had seen the softness in her eyes when she looked at him, a childhood crush that had grown with her into her teenage years. She didn’t trust him as far as she could throw him, but there was a sense of danger to him that I knew she couldn’t resist. Not that there were a whole lot of options for a girl experiencing her first flush of womanhood, and even I could admit Buck was easy on the eyes.
“Now.” I said, using my firm-mother voice. 
She pulled the short knife from the sheath where she carried it at the small of her back. If I knew my daughter at all, I knew it would be the sharpest blade in the camp. She was almost obsessive about sharpening it.
“These two need to go, and that one too, deal with the feet later…” I spoke low and quickly, more to myself than anyone else.
“You two need to hold her. She may be unconscious now but she can’t move, and I don’t know if she’ll wake when I start cutting.”
Buck leaned over her, stroked her head and kissed her forehead before taking his place, grasping her arm in his large hands and pressing it down against the furs to hold it steady. I could see Athena’s eyes narrow at the obvious affection.
“Athena, you hold her shoulders.”
My daughter dutifully did as she was told, though not without throwing dirty looks. 
I made the cuts as efficiently as I could, slicing through the cartilage at the joints, Athena’s knife cutting clean and quick. I let the blood run until it ran clear and red—allowing all the pus to drain from her veins—before sewing the wounds carefully with the needle and thread I always kept in my kit. The air grew thick and heavy with the sharp metallic tang of hot blood. The furs would be ruined; the ones near her hands were already soaked in blood. 
I was drenched with sweat by the time I was satisfied. It had been a long time since I performed any sort of surgery, even something as rudimentary as an amputation. I didn’t feel rusty at all, proud of myself and admiring my handiwork. It wouldn’t be pretty. I had to take off the ring and pinkie finger on her left hand and the pinkie on her right. Her feet fared worse, each losing the smallest three toes. I reassured myself that even though I had permanently scarred her, it was better than being dead. I only hoped she would see it my way. 
Buck stroked her hair aimlessly. The fever still burned, but it was necessary. Something had to get rid of the last bits of infection. I took my bags and dug through them. Finding what I was looking for, I pulled a small vial of pills out and handed them to Buck.
“Give her these when she wakes up, twice a day.”
There was only a small handful left; I could only hope they would be enough.
“Why would you give her the last of the antibiotics?” Athena hissed at me. She made no effort to conceal her distaste for my generosity. “We might need those… someone here might need them and you waste them on a breeder?”
I stood to leave.
“She’s a human being, Athena.”
“She’s not one of us, she’s expendable. What if I needed those pills?”
I looked deeply into her eyes. It was time.
“She’s as entitled to those pills as much as you are, dear.” I ducked through the door ahead of her. “She’s your sister.”

Twenty-five

Nova - 18 years earlier

“Are you sure you have to go in today?” asked Dax, his arm fitting neatly into the curve of my waist. The soft white feather duvet encased both of us in a cloud of warmth. I really was glad we splurged on this mattress, though it made these mornings so much harder. I would rather stay curled up here, legs intertwined with this ruggedly gorgeous man. His eyes twinkled as my hand grazed his rough jaw. He was, as usual, three days from a shave, and I liked him that way. I pushed the blankets off and crawled to the edge of the bed, wanting nothing more than to toss off my old high-school t-shirt, soft from years of wear, and crawl back into bed with him.
Another day. Not today.
It was probably the most important day in my career, the culmination of years of research and study. All the experiments and tests and late nights in the lab came down to this. Today our work became reality.
“Do you want eggs for breakfast?” I asked.
Dax rolled over and pulled a pillow onto his face. “I want sleep for breakfast.” 
On another day I would have been jealous of him, but today I was ready to go. My clothes were picked out and waiting for me on a hanger on the back of the bathroom door, my lunch was made and my satchel by the door. I was ready. Everything was ready. 
“Hey,” said Dax, voice muffled by the pillow. “Call my sister today, would you? She’s going to drive me nuts if you don’t; she really needs a few investors.”
I rolled my eyes because he couldn’t see me. 
Not today.
I raced through my shower, running everything over in my head, and by the time I was clean and dressed, I felt nothing but power and confidence. This is what I had worked my whole life for. This is what I would be remembered for. Magazine articles would be written about me, med students would write papers about my discoveries. I took special care tying my long red hair into a loose braid. It was a delicate balance. I had to be “put together” enough to inspire confidence and demonstrate the authority of my position, but I felt most beautiful when my hair was soft and delicate rather than severe and unyielding. 
The drive to work was uneventful, either that or I was in such a self-absorbed daze that I didn’t pay much attention. With my car snugly in my private parking spot I walked through the door of MedTech. The automatic doors hissed as they slid open and then closed behind me. 
“G’morning Ma’am,” said Cobb, the ancient security officer that had graced the entrance to MedTech ever since it was a tiny, struggling research facility. He took note of my security badge, as he always did, which never failed to amuse me. He had watched me walk in and out of these doors without fail for twelve years. I was now the CEO, one of the highest paid researchers, and owned nearly half of the company; at the very least I was the largest single shareholder. 
“Good Morning Cobb,” I said as I took a deep breath, a breath of pride and success and started up the stairs.
No sooner had my foot touched the bottom step than Elias burst out of the door of my lab a floor above.
“We have a problem,” he said, leaning over the railing. “Isis bailed.”
That was impossible. She was going to be part of history; she would be the first of a new generation. We had run her security clearances, we had interviewed her family, and everything was in order. Even her fiancé was behind her, he had loved the idea. 
So what had happened?
Elias didn’t wait for me to ask
“Her family isn’t sure why she had the change of heart either, but basically she started freaking out about something, left her fiancé and told her parents she wasn’t going.”
I rolled my eyes. Teenage girls were notoriously flighty. The slightest hormonal fluctuation sent them into a tailspin. I knew because I had been one once. I had no doubt she would be back, but unless she showed up in the next half-hour, she would be useless.
“Get her on the phone.”


I SLAMMED THE PHONE onto the desk with so much force that everything on it jumped. My call to Isis had been a complete waste of time. She was illogical, and unreasonable, completely typical of a nineteen-year-old girl, but not at all what I had expected from her. We never would have brought her this far if I had thought she was going to bail at the last possible second. I leaned back in my chair, closed my eyes and groaned quietly.
“What are we going to do?” Elias asked. I had forgotten he was still in the room. 
“If I knew that, I wouldn’t be trying to think over here.”
“Sorry.”
Elias was a helpful assistant, but forgot himself sometimes. We worked together in close quarters for long hours, and there were times I think he saw us as something more akin to partnership. He was my subordinate, and I was far too professional to let personal feelings get in the way of my success. As long as he wasn’t dreaming his ridiculous dreams on company time, I couldn’t care less. 
The media was set to arrive in less than an hour. It would take almost half an hour to run the complete cycle. There was no time to find another girl, run her security clearances, sign the waivers and get her hooked up before they came. There was no point in announcing anything to the media unless there was a smiling, healthy female to show them. 
Unless…
“Get a copy of the waivers, Elias. Right away.”
“Isis’ copy?”
I wanted to roll my eyes, but held myself back.
“No. Blank ones.”
I also held the “you idiot” I was about to tack onto the end of that statement. I said it in my head through, for maximum personal pleasure.
He brought them to me. I knew them off by heart. I had written them, after all, struggling long and hard over the wording and consulting with the legal staff. They were apparently binding. If Isis had come through, she and her family would have been comfortably rich after she received payment. Now they faced a lawsuit that would financially devastate her family, but we would deal with that another day. There was no time right now.
I flipped through the pages on my tablet; not so much reading as ensuring everything was there. I skimmed to the end and signed my name on the bottom line. 
Elias watched me calmly until I picked up my stylus. 
“What are you doing?”
“I don’t think it’s all that confusing. We need a female that has cleared security. We need signed waivers. Now we have both. Get the injection ready.”
Elias didn’t move.
“Go.”
He spun and left the room. 
I watched him go, impassively and took a deep breath. Today wasn’t going the way I had planned at all, but a little improvisation couldn’t hurt. I tucked a stray wisp of hair over my ear, straightened my jacket and went to the lab. 
 

ELIAS WAS THERE, HIS head bowed over the countertop, checking the lines and the clear bag of serum. I had doubts there would be anything amiss, since I had checked them myself before leaving work the day before, though I appreciated his diligence. I would have to remember to commend him on that once we were done. 
He looked up when he heard the automatic doors slide open. For a fleeting second I saw the same look I had been seeing often in recent months, but thankfully it disappeared as quickly as it appeared. There was no place for that here. 
He nodded his head over to the cot.
“I’m too excited to lie down,” I said. “I’ll sit. 
I found a tall stool by the counter and he hung the bag on an IV pole that he dragged to where I was sitting. I rolled up my left sleeve and held it out to him. His hands were shaking and he fumbled the needle slightly.
“Good grief, Elias,” I said, exasperated, “give me that.”
I took the needle from his hands, found the vein and inserted. I taped it down and adjusted the drip myself. 
“Now what?” Elias said, obviously feeling the need to do something after I unceremoniously stripped him of his job. 
“Now, we wait.” I said. 
I could feel the serum entering my veins, either literally or figuratively, I wasn’t sure. Whether it was actually physically obvious, or just a sense of excitement and relief at the completion of this monumental task, I couldn’t be sure. All I knew was that I was becoming overwhelmed. This was my moment—my success.
I heard Elias gasp, and I knew the hummingbird had begun to materialize before his eyes. I hadn’t told him about that part. It was my own secret little addition. 
“It’s beautiful,” he said.
“A step up from those horrible sterilization marks,” I added, proud of my achievement.
But it was so much more than that, but I didn’t feel like explaining it to Elias. My silly sentimentalism would probably just drive his foolish thoughts farther than I was comfortable with.
The hummingbird had been my personal totem for as long as I could remember. The arrival of the hummingbird heralded summer and new life, and the fast-moving wings actually fluttered in a figure-eight pattern, or an infinity symbol, illustrating continuity and eternity. When I was a child and my father would see the hummingbirds arrive each summer, he would take me on his knee and tap his calloused finger on my chest. 
“That hummingbird knows,” he had said, “The sweetest nectar is deep down… on the inside.”
I traced my finger across the lines as they deepened and grew more vibrant against my pale wrist. I didn’t look at Elias, but I could feel him watching me, loving me, wanting me. 

Twenty-six



The media came and went in a whirlwind of activity. I was powdered and prepped, present and polished. This discovery and subsequent development of a fertility serum would come as a shock to those living in a world where women sterilized themselves and their children on purpose. I tried to make it clear that I was neutral on the feminist issue, but that this gave women a choice. Women could be powerful whether they were the CEO of a Fortune 500 company or the mother to a brood of children. It was about choice, not what was right or wrong. 
And yet, there I was. Lead researcher and largest stockholder in MedTech, with a moving hummingbird on my wrist. 
“Do you think it went well?” I asked Elias.
“You were wonderful.”
“Well, of course I was, but do you think they understood?”
He shrugged. “We’re ready for backlash.”
I glance through the doors leading to the parking lot from the lobby where we had held our press conference.
It was snowing.
“When did it start snowing?” I asked.
Elias frowned.
“Somewhere between CKZX and FM1240.”
“How is it even cold enough to snow? It’s July.”
He shrugged again.
Helpful.
I walked off without another word and headed for my office. I could check the internet for a weather update. Freak weather always made the news.
I didn’t bother to turn on the lights—it was easier to see the snow floating lazily from the dark grey clouds if I stayed in the dark. The clouds didn’t even seem right. Something was odd about them. There were so many windows in my office, I felt like I was out there, standing in the middle of a field, letting the white snow wash over me like some sort of cleansing force. It was mesmerizing.
The news services seemed just as confused. No one seemed to be offering any concrete explanation, but urged people to stay inside and off the roads whenever possible. Power grids were failing in some parts of the city, and people in affected areas were being told to evacuate or stay put, depending who was talking. I snapped my laptop shut, irritated at the weather for burying our story. If it got out today, no one would notice, and if not, it would likely be forgotten before it made it to the air. 
My cell phone rang, its shrill tune cutting through the serenity of my darkened office. 
“Hi Dax,” I said, noting his profile picture on my call display. It was a picture from three days ago. We were in the park, lying in the grass wearing flip flops and shorts. I took a picture of him with an ice-cream cone, and I could see my own reflection in his sunglasses. 
“Are you ok?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” I asked, worried he had seen something strange on the news that I had missed.
“The snow. It’s a mess out there.”
I glanced out the window, it was getting thicker, but if one pretended it wasn’t July, it didn’t seem any worse than a normal winter storm.
“Power grids are going down all over town, and the temperature is plummeting. No one knows what to make of this, but my sister says we need to make a plan. I doubt we’ll have cell service for very long.”
I rolled my eyes. “She already has a plan doesn’t she?”
“Of course she does. We’re going to come get you.”
“I can drive, where should I meet you?”
“Don’t go out there on your own, I don’t want you getting stuck without knowing where you are. Wait for us.”
I sighed. “Fine. There’s nothing wrong here, so I can sit tight for now.”
“I love you.”
“I love you too,” I said. “Be safe.”
As I hung up the phone, glancing again at the call display photo that lingered on the screen, I heard the whirr and hiss of the automatic door. 
“It’s getting a little nuts out there,” said Elias. “I sent the staff home.”
There weren’t many people in the lab today anyway, only essential services. I hadn’t wanted a lot of extraneous staff milling about and getting caught up in the media attention. It seemed silly now that the story would likely get buried, literally, under a mountain of snow.
“I see.”
“Are you heading out?”
“No,” I said. “Dax is coming to pick me up. He said I shouldn’t go out there alone.”
“Smart man.” 
Elias probably meant it as a compliment, but I could tell by his tone of voice that he preferred not to talk about Dax. Likely in his mind, Dax was the one who stood between us. Competition. Male idiocy. There was a reason women had risen to positions of power over the last few decades. There was only so much over-emotional chauvinism one could take. Women had cooler heads, so women prevailed.
“Are you leaving?” I asked.
He shrugged. 
“I can stay for a while, if you want. Keep you company while you wait?”
I started to say no, but the reality of waiting here at the lab by myself for who knows how long didn’t sit well with me either. The snow had progressively gotten thicker, to the point where I could no longer see the parking lot from my office window. It was going to take Dax a long time to get here.
“If you don’t leave soon, you might be stuck here.”
Elias shrugged. “There are worse places to be stranded. At least here I have medical supplies, heat and food.”
“I’d use the term ‘food’ loosely,” I said, chuckling. The staff fridge was not known for its healthy bounty, and neither were the vending machines. 
“Better than eating snow and Tic Tacs in my car.”
I had to agree. I wouldn’t want to be stuck in my car either, even if I could get it out of the parking lot. 
“I have a place we can go, if Dax doesn’t come.”
“He’ll come,” I said.
“I’m sure he will,” said Elias, “but you know, just in case.”
I started to protest again, but really, it was a bit of a relief. Worry was starting to tug at the corners of my mind, looking for a way in. I had armored myself against it, for the most part, but the longer I watched the snow, the less confident I felt. 
“Thanks, Elias.”
He hopped up on the desk and we both watched the windows. There was nothing visible beyond the white flakes swirling and blowing, so it was about as stimulating as watching static on an old TV.
“I doubt we’ll have power much longer,” he said. “Do you have any change?”
I opened my drawer. I always kept a small stash there for those late nights at the office, when resisting the lure of chocolate seemed futile. 
“Take what you need,” I said.
He scooped it up and headed for the hall. 
A few minutes later he returned with a bin full of supplies. A couple flashlights from the maintenance closets, some plastic-wrapped thin wool blankets from the clinic and a bunch of goodies from the vending machines. 
He plunked it down on the desk beside me, and instinctively I reached for a Snickers bar.
“Good choice,” he said. “Full of protein.”
“And chocolate,” I said, more important than protein by far.
 He left again, and returned with a big box full of fabric.
“What’s in there?” I asked.
“Clothing,” he said. “Anything I could find.” 
I had to admit, he was smart. It was warm enough this morning that I hadn’t even worn a coat over my sleeveless top. At some point we would have to go out there, and who knew how cold it would be when that happened. Nothing about today was predictable, so it was best to be prepared for anything.
“Some of it’s from the lost and found, some from the other offices, and some from the maintenance closet.”
I rummaged through, he had lab coats, coveralls, a few single gloves and mittens, a few pairs of rubber boots and some other miscellaneous items. 
I wasn’t cold, but one warm sweater just looked particularly inviting. I recognized it as belonging to one of the summer interns. She was particularly skinny and always seemed cold, even in the middle of summer. I slipped it on, zipping up the front and pulling the cozy knitted hood over my head. It enveloped me instantly, the oversized hood falling almost to my eyebrows. There was something about watching snow that made me need something snuggly to wear. 
Elias dug through the clothing too, sorting and organizing. He made neat piles. 
“Do you have a bag? Or a backpack?”
I had both, my laptop satchel and a backpack I used to take to the gym. I pointed them out to him. He dumped the contents of my gym bag with the rest of the clothing, and the contents of my satchel onto my desk.
“Come on.” He said. 
I followed him through the doors. Perhaps I was naïve about what was going on, or he was being over-prepared, but for some reason I just couldn’t wrap my mind around what we were doing. The snow would stop soon, the sun would come out and everything would go back to the way it was. All we had to do was wait. We might be stuck here overnight, or for another day at most, but Dax would come, I’d go home and it would all be a strange story we told our kids someday.
We stopped at different offices, hunting for bags. Once Elias had an armload of different backpacks and shoulder bags, he led me to the clinic.
“Put anything in here that could come in handy,” he said.
“Handy for what?”
“Anything,” he said. “Emergencies, first-aid, minor surgery.”
“You’re planning some minor surgery?”
“Sure,” he smiled and winked at me. “Want a quick appendectomy?”
“Let me finish my chocolate bar first.”
I opened the supply cupboards. They were well-stocked and neatly organized—just how I liked them. It was a source of pride for me to have a well-run lab. 
“Get all the antibiotics,” said Elias.
“All of them?” I asked. There was enough to heal an army in those big white plastic jars. “What are you planning on doing with them?”
Elias stopped what he was doing and looked at me as I pulled the big jars down from the shelf and tried to stuff them all into a big green backpack. 
“What’s happening out there?” he asked.
“It’s snowing.”
“In July,” he said.
“Yeah.”
“Have you ever seen it snow in July before?”
“No,” I said. 
“So what does that mean?”
“Something’s gone haywire?”
“Something big,” he said. “Things like this don’t happen by accident, and while it’s possible that it will all melt tomorrow and go back to normal, it’s also possible that it won’t. Power is going out, the temperature is plummeting. It has to be well below freezing out there and it’s still dropping. This is serious. There’s a good chance there’s either a whole lot of people who will need medical care, or a chance that a whole lot of people won’t survive this and a small few will need medical care for a long time.”
The reality of the situation was starting to dawn on me. Even if the weather went back to normal by tomorrow the melting snow would cause flash flooding. Entire communities could be wiped out, including the lab. 
“Gauze and bandages.”
Elias shook his head. “Take some, but not too much… pack some around the bigger jars, fill all the space.”
“But sterile dressings…”
“Are handy, yes… but they’re also the one thing that can be made if we run out,” Elias said. “Think stuff we can’t make without a lab, antibiotics, viral serums, cellutation supplies, tubing, bags, and syringes—tools that can be sterilized and reused.”
I nodded. He was right. If this was going to end in major disaster, we were going to need all the drugs we could get our hands on. 
By the time we’d finished, we had six bags packed full of supplies—four backpacks and two big shoulder bags. As Elias was hefting some of the bags onto his shoulder, the lights flickered in the lab and went out.
“Power’s out,” I said, stating the obvious. He nodded and dropped the bags. “The automatic doors won’t work, but there should be an emergency release.”
I picked up a sturdy-looking pen from the table behind me and dragged a chair across the floor. There wasn’t much light coming in through the windows, just the battery-operated emergency lights, and we had left the flashlights in my office. I had seen this done once before when the doors to my office had malfunctioned, but of course, I hadn’t really been paying attention. It took a few pokes and prods to the sliding mechanism, but before long I found the sweet spot. I heard the click and pressing my palm against the glass I pushed sideways to slide the door open. Elias held the door open while I hopped off the chair and slung the rest of the bags over my shoulders. 
I dragged the chair with me down the hall, since it was entirely possible I was going to have to do the same thing once we arrived back at my office. It went easier the second time. I felt the click and this time Elias slid the door open for me. I started to drag the chair into the doorway to prop it open, but he pushed it out. 
“We can open it again. This building is heated electrically. No power equals no heat. We need to conserve as much as possible.”
It was a losing battle. The frigid air seemed to creep right through the glass. No matter how insulated and energy efficient we thought this building to be, it was no match for the unreal temperatures outside. Before long we were adding layers. I pulled my gym socks over my bare feet and swapped my flats for my thicker running shoes. I pulled mismatched mittens onto my hands and as each layer went on, my hopes of Dax making it to get me dropped. I started to pace around the room, both to keep me warm and to release the stress I was feeling. 
“We’re not going to last long here,” said Elias. “With no heat, we’ll freeze to death.”
“We’re not going to fare much better out there.”
“Not for long, but all we need to do is get to my car.”
“What’s in your car?” I asked.
“A radio.”
“Lacking a soundtrack to this little adventure?”
He smiled. “Not that kind of radio. A short-wave radio. I have friends out there who can help get us somewhere safe and warm, we just need to call them.”
“We still have our phones.”
“Have you looked at it lately?”
He was right, there was no service. The land lines weren’t working either. 
“My car is only about 100 meters from the door. If we bundle up and go together, we can make it there, call for help and be rescued before we lapse into a hypothermic coma.”
“If all goes well, right?”
“I’m not planning on making any mistakes.”
“This is crazy, Elias. Can’t we just make a fire in a garbage can and stay warm in here while we wait?”
As soon as the words were out of my mouth I knew exactly how stupid they were. Not only would an open fire increase the carbon monoxide in the air—deadly on its own—the lab was full of gas lines, natural gas, oxygen, hydrogen, all extremely flammable.
“Nevermind,” I said. “But there must be some other option.”
“If you can think of one—one that doesn’t involve gassing ourselves or blowing this whole place sky-high, I’d be thrilled to hear it.”
I had no other ideas. Short of someone stumbling over us, or Dax making it here, Elias was right. We needed to go someplace warm and sheltered. I didn’t like the idea of going out in the snow, but the longer I watched the white nightmare, the more I realized that no one was going to come sweep me off to some cozy couch in front of a roaring fire. 
I glanced at Elias. “Let’s go.”

Twenty-seven





We stood in front of the doors and saw nothing outside but a wall of white. 
We had dressed in every scrap of clothing we could find and topped it all off with a double layer of white, plastic hazardous materials suits. I had three pairs of socks on my feet inside my running shoes which I was thrilled to find fit neatly inside one of the pairs of rubber boots Elias had found. We had duct taped our suits to the boots and also to the multiple mismatched gloves and mittens we wore. We took no chances with frostbite. We had ripped down some of the sterile blankets and wrapped them like scarves around our heads and faces. The face mask of the hazmat suits we wore would protect us from the wind, but there was a pretty good chance they would fog up too. 
I didn’t see the concern. 
We would be travelling blind in the blowing blizzard, relying only on our sense of direction. I hoped there were enough cars and fences to serve as landmarks, pointing us in the right direction, but there was a very real possibility we would get lost out there. 
Elias jimmied the door and pushed it open. He said something I couldn’t understand, muffled by the layers over his mouth and the ones over my ears. He took my hand and together we walked out into the cold.
Even through the many layers we wore, the icy wind bit at our skin and chilled us to the core. The snow had to be almost waist-deep in places, a major change from a few hours ago when I had come to work, bare-shouldered, and wearing light shoes. We had decided to take all our supplies with us, in case we didn’t make it back to the building. Elias believed that we might be better off waiting for his friends in the car, which would likely soon be completely covered in a thick layer of insulating snow. Our combined body heat would be easier to maintain in a small space. We struggled through the snow, each with two backpacks and a shoulder bag carefully strapped to our bulging frames. 
It was easy at first, but as we moved farther from the building, the movement of the snow and the lack of visible landmarks made it next to impossible to tell which direction we were going. We held hands so as not to find ourselves separated, and we trudged and slipped and floundered together through the white world. 
We reached the car. I would have been excited at our accomplishment if it weren’t such a miniscule step in our travels getting to safety. Elias dug at the snow with his hands on the passenger side of the car. The driver’s side had completely drifted over, but there was a void in the snow leaving the passenger door mostly uncovered. We pushed the snow away together until we were able to open the door. I let the backpacks slide from my shoulders, tossed them through the open door into the back seat and crawled inside, over the console onto the driver’s seat.
Elias followed. Grunting, he pulled the door shut behind him and for a moment we were in the dark. The light that had come on when the door opened flicked off when it closed. Elias fumbled for the switch and soon we had light again.
He had jammed his backpacks into the foot well of the passenger seat, and was kneeling on the seat reaching into the back. He returned with a small portable radio. His mitten-covered hands were clumsy on the dials, but he was patient. We both knew the risks of letting this severe cold at bare skin. It wasn’t worth frostbite to move a little quicker. The radio buzzed to life.
“Come in Shepherd, come in,” he said.
I raised my eyebrow under the layers of clothing I wore. 
“Shepherd, come in, Lost Sheep, over.” 
I heard the voice over the crackling radio.
“Shepherd here, what’s your position?”
Elias looked at the side of the radio where our GPS coordinates glowed. He read them off and waited for a response.
“Hold tight, we’ll be there as soon as we can.”
The radio crackled and then was silent. 
Neither of us said anything for a while. My stomach was growling, and I knew there was food in our bags, but taking off the facemask of my hazmat suit would expose me to the cold. I had to retain as much heat as possible. I was already starting to shiver. If we weren’t out of here soon, hypothermia would set in. 
“How long do you think it will take?” I asked.
Elias shrugged. “Depends where they have people. The shelter is only about fifteen minutes from here, but we need manpower to get us out of here, and I don’t know their locations.”
The lab sat on the outskirts of town. 
“Is the shelter out of the city?” 
He nodded. That was a blessing. I had no idea how anyone would be able to navigate the city with this kind of visibility. At least if we were headed away from town, it was farms and fields, and less chance of accidently smacking into a building you didn’t see coming. 


WE HEARD THEM BEFORE we saw them, a tinny whine above the sound of the roaring wind. Elias tried to push the door open to no avail; the snow had drifted back against the outside. The power windows wouldn’t work either. He flashed the map lights in the car and we shouted even though there was no chance they would be able to hear us. 
I breathed a sigh of relief when I heard the motor pull up next to the car and voices shouting to each other. A dark helmet peered through the window at us and they began to dig. I was now shaking uncontrollably. My hands and feet were starting to go numb and tingly. We needed to get somewhere fast. 
I scarcely remembered getting out of the car, but there I was, backpacks strapped to me and standing in the snow beside three snowmobiles. 
“You guys couldn’t have found something a bit more colorful to wear?” one of them shouted, referring to our white suits. 
“You two had better hold on tight, ‘cause if you fall off, we won’t have a snowball’s chance in hell of finding you again.”
He was right. I could barely see Elias and I was standing right next to him. Not that we had a whole lot of wardrobe options.
They seated me on the snowmobile with one of the men. 
“It’s going to be windy and rough, do nothing but concentrate on holding on.”
I nodded. My teeth were chattering too much to speak. 
The machine roared to life beneath me and we were off. I clamped my arms around his body and focused all my strength into keeping myself on this speeding snowmobile. I couldn’t see anything but the occasional flash of light from the headlights of one of the other sleds. The ride was painful and bone jarring at times. I felt my muscles tense as I willed my body to obey my brain. My entire survival depended on me holding on. Nothing else mattered.
Time seemed to slow to a stop, I saw white everywhere, but still I persisted. We couldn’t have been on the snowmobile for long, but it felt like hours. I was starting to drift off when suddenly I felt the machine slow and then stop.
“Go to the door,” the man shouted. I could see a faint square of light that must have been a window, but I couldn’t find the strength to get off the sled.
“I can’t move,” I shouted back.
He stood, leaving me hunched on the seat, and the bearlike man took hold of my clothing and scooped me up in his arms. He hurried toward the square of light, which opened into a much larger rectangle. We stumbled into the light and I heard a loud bang of the door slamming shut behind me. He tried to stand me up, but I crumpled to the floor, my last memory was a room full of heavy winter boots.


Twenty-eight





I knew I was awake, but I watched the world with the distance of an audience member watching a show. This wasn’t real, I wasn’t involved. Everything was so strange to me that I couldn’t allow myself to respond for fear of popping out of my bubble and being lost forever in its reality. 
I was buried under a thick pile of blankets, but I wasn’t alone. There were more people here. I could feel their warmth against my skin. I wasn’t wearing much, if anything, that much I could tell, but their heat against my icy body felt so good that I wasn’t about to object. 
They were women at least, the people with me. I could hear their voices as they chatted softly over my head. I couldn’t understand what they were saying, or perhaps I just wasn’t in the frame of mind to hear more in their words than voices and tone. They seemed happy, relaxed—there was no tension in their voices at all, as if lying under blankets with human popsicles was as normal as washing dishes.
I stirred where I lay and tried to push myself up.
“Hold on there, dearie,” one of the voices said. “Your husband told us to keep you here until you were warmed up and your skin is as cold as the devil’s hand, so you might as well lie back down.”
I didn’t resist. 
My husband? Dax was here? How did that happen? I didn’t even know where we were, but somehow he found me. I smiled, feeling my dry, chapped lips crack, and surrendered to a fog of relieved and happy sleep.


WHEN I WOKE UP AGAIN I was alone.
I was still in the same bed, but my companions were gone. It was pretty dark, the only light came from a flickering bulb in the hallway that cast a rectangle of light onto the floor of the room beside me. A heavy metal door stood open and through it I could hear voices, a constant drone of people, moving, talking, and laughing. 
The blankets were heavy and warm. I relished the coziness and stretched my body, releasing all tension as I drifted out of sleep and into the world. 
It would be easy to believe the last twenty-four hours to be a strange dream, but yet, here I was, in some unfamiliar place, some dark room. The walls were made of cinder blocks, a dull grey color and the bed was more like a cot. My first thought was that it felt like a cell, desolate and empty. But it was warm, and that was a good thing. 
I wondered where Dax was, and how we had both managed to make it to the same place. The last day had seemed so surreal, but we were safe, and that was what mattered.
As I looked around I felt the light change, and there in the doorway was a little girl, maybe seven or eight. She stood alone, dressed in a thick, long brown woolen skirt and a heavy knitted sweater. Her black hair was thick and braided in a rope that hung over her shoulder and nearly to her waist. Her eyes peered at me from under a thick fringe of bangs, but I could still see the mark that they seemed to be trying to hide—a thin dark line that crossed her cheekbone to her left ear. I sighed. I knew what that meant, and that there was no reversing what had been done to her. 
Before I could open my mouth to talk to her she was gone, running down the hall with only the sound of her shoes slapping on the hard concrete floor.
I sank my head back into the firm pillow. I still wasn’t wearing much, just my underwear, apparently. Beside the bed there was a metal chair and on it was piled some neatly folded clothing in the same brown wool fabric that the little girl had been wearing. Pushing myself up to a sitting position, I pulled the blankets around me, guarding against the chill that was trying to weasel its way in. I reached my hand out of the blankets and collected the clothing onto my lap. It was thick and itchy, but it would be warm. There was a tunic-style shirt with long sleeves and a long heavy skirt, some wooly socks and a roughly knitted sweater with a hood, much like a crude version of the one I had been wearing when I came. 
I dressed quickly, shivering slightly until my body heat warmed the cool clothing. 
There were no shoes, but there was a thin cord of leather, which I used to tie at the end of the braid I twisted into my hair. I had no brush or mirror, so I hoped it looked decent. 
The room darkened again. I turned toward the door, heart leaping in hopes of seeing Dax. The figure at my door was familiar, but not the person I had hoped. We spoke simultaneously.
“I need to talk to you.”
“Have you seen Dax?”
Elias sighed. “That’s what I need to talk to you about.”
He pulled me into the room and sat me on the bed.
“Dax isn’t here,” he said.
“But the women, they said my husband…”
“I’m your husband—at least to them.”
I peered at him, confused.
“I had to tell them you were my wife. You weren’t exactly on the list.”
“The list?”
“This place,” he started, “It’s a community made for a time like this—for a disaster. Those of us who helped build it—either physically or financially—were given a place in it, but only enough for our own families. I told them you were my wife, or they wouldn’t have let you in.”
I felt dizzy.
“They would have left me out there?”
“Probably.”
“Is it still snowing?” I asked.
“Yes.”
Dax was out there, somewhere in that blowing, snowing catastrophe and I could do nothing about it. I had no idea where he’d gone, or even if he was still alive. If he was with his sister he had a shot, knowing her, but how could we find each other again?
“It’s convenient you’re also a doctor, it will help them forgive me for bringing you without advance notice.”
I heard his words, but didn’t absorb them.
“What is this place?”
“It’s the abandoned state prison,” he said.
Lovely.
“It’s actually quite the brilliant place. It’s mostly underground so very efficient to heat, and we’ve made a whole lot of improvements. We should be safe and healthy here for as long as this lasts.”
“And how long is that?”
Elias frowned. “No one knows.”
He stood and leaned on the door frame. 
“It’s bad out there,” he said softly. “Really bad. While you were sleeping the temperature plummeted to minus sixty degrees. If there is anyone left out there, they don’t have a chance.”
I caught a sob in my throat and swallowed it. I would not cry. Not here, not with Elias. I would not weep for my missing husband around the man who took me from him. What if Dax had come to the lab like he said he would and I wasn’t there? He was probably worried or thought I was dead. He had no way of knowing where I was or if I was safe. I fought back the urge to yell at Elias. He had done only what he thought was best, only what would save my life. He had lied for me and taken care of me, yet I wanted nothing more than to pummel his smug face for taking me away from the love of my life. 
“Do you want me to show you around?”
“No,” I whispered hoarsely, trying desperately to regain hold of the flood of emotions that threatened to overtake me. “I need to be alone.”
I crawled back under the covers, pulled them over my head and waited for Elias to leave. I could tell he wanted to say something, but changed his mind. He let out a breath slowly and I heard him walk into the hall. 
I let his footsteps fade away before allowing myself to succumb to the darkness of what I felt inside. 


DAYS PASSED BEFORE I got out of bed. I knew it had been that long based on the number of meals that appeared on the metal chair. I never heard anyone come and bring it, or take it away, but the food that sat there changed a few times a day. None of it looked appetizing, so I ignored it. 
Sometimes I wept softly; sometimes I stared, dry-eyed at the concrete walls, other times I slept fitfully, tormented by dreams that I couldn’t decipher. 
I floundered between dreams and reality, the reality seeming more and more like a nightmare as time went on. 
Finally, spent, I raised myself from the bed. My stomach growled in protest of its long fast. I glanced at the chair. There was a bowl of soup, thick with rice and thin on meat and vegetables, but it smelled delightful. I picked it up and sat back on the bed, my back against the wall and my feet curled up in front of me. The bowl was still warm, and the smell of the delicious broth made me feel ravenous. 
I ate without stopping—one spoonful after another until I was scraping the bottom of the bowl. It sat like a warm and pleasant lump in my stomach, the first physical sensation I had been aware of in days. 
Groaning, I left the empty bowl on the chair and rested my head back on the wall. I could almost feel the warm broth coursing through my veins and nourishing my depleted body. If I forgot the mental anguish I was in, I could almost pretend I was content.
But that anguish never went away. 


ELIAS FOUND ME WANDERING the halls, exploring. 
“You need some shoes,” he said, taking my hand. “I didn’t know what size you were, so you’ll have to come to the closet.”
I followed him, my woolen socks silent on the cold hard concrete floor.
The place he called “the closet” was more than I expected. In fact, it was a series of rooms with shelves that reached to the ceiling. There were stacks of clothing, each pile of items organized by size and type. One room was entirely filled with shoes. They were mostly simple leather loafers in all colors, but there were also large heavy boots like the ones worn by the men on the snowmobiles. There were shoes small enough for children and large enough for the tallest man. 
“What size are you?” he asked.
“Nine.”
He went to the shelf and dug through the stacks of shoes until he found a pair he liked. 
“These ones look good, almost new.”
I pulled them on. They were sturdy and comfortable, but ugly. I didn’t complain. I had doubts they stocked any cute shoes. If I had learned anything from my walk through the hallways was that form ranked well below function. This place was about survival, not beauty. My own drab brown clothing was as much a testament to that as anything else. At least my ugly skirt was long enough to cover my ugly shoes. 
The clothing was warm and practical though, considering the temperature was kept to a chilly level. 
“Why don’t they warm it up in here?” I asked. “You said it was efficient to heat.”
“It is,” said Elias, “But that doesn’t mean we should be wasteful. No one knows how long our stores of fuel will last, or how long we’ll be here. It’s best to err on the side of frugality.”
Elias showed me the dining area, the kitchens, the gardens and the work areas. There was more, he said, like the stables, but one had to go outside to get to them, and that was next to impossible until the snow stopped. 
From what they could tell, the snow had stopped accumulating, but still kept blowing around as if we were trapped in the world’s ugliest snow globe that some petulant child wouldn’t stop shaking. I was trying to look happy and interested in all the things Elias told me about the Shepherd and the community, but my mind raced behind my blank face. I needed to get out of here, the very first second I could.
 

Twenty-nine



I wiped my mouth and spit into the toilet, trying to ignore the truth I knew but couldn’t accept. This was the third day in a row. I tried to count back to the last time I had bled, but the days had become so muddled, running into one another like so many raindrops on a glass window. 
There was no doubt about it, however. 
I flushed the toilet and stood in the small room. They had removed the toilets from the majority of the cells, but some they had left, designated as shared washrooms. The beds had been removed, making the cell seem large and cavernous for nothing but a toilet and a sink. We still used the communal showers, one set designated for men and one for women, though we were only allowed use of them once a week, on rotation. 
I was hungry, as I always was after vomiting. Apparently my body wasn’t smart enough to keep the food inside it, which would make my life much easier. As it was, I tried to avoid going to breakfast until I had thrown up, so no one would become suspicious when I went through the line a second time. It was better this way anyway. On an empty stomach I was limited to dry heaving and a bit of bile. Once I had done that each day I felt fine, making my situation exceedingly clear.
I was going to have a baby.
Dax’s baby.

Thirty

Leona

I wept over the loss of my fingers. I didn’t want to, but there they were—or weren’t—the glaringly obvious voids. Nova had retied my bandages to cover the surgical wounds, freeing up the fingers that were well enough to use again. She told me I could have died, that she had no choice. I knew that, but still I railed against her, angry for my loss, my situation, taking out everything I had left in me on her. 
And she let me.
It was nice to use my fingers again, as stiff as they were. Buck no longer needed to feed me or comb my hair. I hadn’t mastered braiding yet, but I could tie my hair back into a decent ponytail if I needed to. The first few days were frustrating. Not only was I angry, but lack of use had rendered my remaining fingers incompliant and clumsy. Nothing was easy or second-nature and I had to concentrate on everything I did with my hands. 
“How’re you feeling, Princess?” Buck asked as he rolled over in bed. 
“Better,” I said, which for the most part was true. The pain in my hands had lessened. I only felt the incisions when I tried to move what was left of those fingers. Nova had left me as much as she could, I was sure, but it still seemed like hardly enough. I wasn’t sure how I was going to pull back a bow string or throw knives, or use a sling—nothing felt entirely balanced in my hands anymore. Everything was foreign. Not that I could see a time in the foreseeable future where I would need to do those things. For now, eating and drinking on my own was enough. 
“You look better at least.”
I smiled. Being stuck in here with him, I had started to notice a certain level of intuition when it came to Buck’s thoughts, and I was sure it was the same for him. He knew all was not well under the surface.
He had also started talking, telling me about the time before the frozen days, about a time I had never known. Ice cream cones and roller coasters, cotton candy and even simple details like potted flowers that adorned the doorsteps of homes. I had never known anyone to purposely grow anything that wasn’t food. I asked him why they did that.
He had shrugged. “Because it’s beautiful.”
Nova was coming today to change the bandages. Buck had taken his bath a few days ago, but she didn’t want to wait a whole week between checks. The antibiotic pills were gone and she wanted to watch closely for infection. She had him promise not to cause any trouble. He had, willingly. Buck had no reason to hurt Nova, not while she was helping me.
He perched lightly on our recently replenished wood pile, his elbows resting on his knees. He had pulled his long hair into a ponytail and he seemed pre-occupied with picking dirt from under his fingernails. 
Nova’s entrance was unannounced, but we knew she was here well before she lifted the flap of the door. Buck didn’t raise his head or acknowledge her in any way, but I noticed a level of tension I had never seen in their previous encounters. Nova was as quiet and professional as she ever was, but I could tell she was disturbed by Buck’s brooding presence. She watched him nervously from the corner of her eye, and her eyes seemed to dart around the hut rather than maintaining the steady eye contact I was used to from her. 
Nova unwrapped my bandages one at a time. I hadn’t seen my hands in their entirety since before I fell into the lake, and I wasn’t looking forward to it now. I could feel the tears welling, hot, in my eyes. I tried to grit my teeth and remain stoic. I didn’t want to cry over something as silly as a few missing fingers when I could have paid for them with my life—but it was hard. Really hard.
I was focusing so much on keeping my composure that I didn’t see Buck slide silently from the woodpile and slink up behind Nova until she was pulled back from me by her long braid. He didn’t give her a chance to scream. His hand clamped over her mouth as he held her securely against him.
“Buck, what are you doing?” I asked in a hoarse whisper. My hopes soared, thinking that he had figured out some sort of escape, perhaps using Nova as a hostage to get us both out of here. I didn’t want to alert the guards outside. I started looking around the room, assessing what to take. 
Nova’s eyes were wide and unblinking; Buck’s massive hand covered the rest of her face from ear to ear.
I expected him to address me, give me some sort of direction, so it confused me when he spoke in a deep, angry growl.
“Tell her,” he said.
“Tell her what?” I asked.
He rolled his eyes and otherwise ignored me.
“I’m going to take my hand off your mouth and you’re going to tell her. If you scream I’ll snap your neck right here. Got it?”
Nova nodded in a tiny jerking movement.
“I don’t bluff, remember that.”
She nodded again.
He pulled his hand from her face slowly but maintained his grip around her chest. He was lifting her slightly off the ground, her toes touched the ground but she wasn’t able to stand or run.
“Tell her,” he said again.
“Tell me what?” I asked, fearing for my hands. Was there something else wrong?
Nova cleared her throat. Her eyes darted across the room, looking everywhere but at me.
“I’m your mother, Leona.”
It was the first time I had heard my name since leaving the caves, and hearing it here was as shocking as that sudden plunge into the lake. I inhaled, my lungs begging for air, but not willing to set it free. I felt dizzy and nauseous. Buck had put Nova down on the ground, and she knelt in the dirt where he left her.
“I knew as soon as I saw you, your cloak, I would have known that cloak anywhere.”
Or course, it had been hers.
“You were following me,” my voice cracked. “With your wolf.”
She nodded. 
“I found you by the fire. I wanted to watch you, figure out where you were going and why you were out there. I didn’t want you to see me, but when you fell in the lake, I had no choice.”
“You didn’t want me to see you?”
More emotion than I was expecting leaked out with my words. My insides were cracking and I was doing my best to hold myself together, but it was like sticking metaphorical fingers in holes in a dam, I was going to run out of fingers really soon, sooner than most.
It looked like Nova was in the same boat.
“You can’t be my mother. I saw my mother’s name in the sanctuary. Her name was Delta, Delta Jade Parsons.”
I could see the name scrawled on the wall as clear as if I was standing in front of it.
Nova shook her head. “That’s not me,” she said. “Elias’ mother was named Delta, I don’t know why he would have told you that.” 
Maybe because you left him.
“You deserve better than me,” she said quietly, her big eyes filling with tears. “I screwed up, Leona. And I can understand if you never forgive me.”
“I thought you were dead.”
“I assumed as much. I was dead to him a long time ago.”
“You left us.”
“You don’t understand.”
Anger was starting to push out the shock and pain that had threatened to overwhelm me. I had spent my life without a mother, and here she sat. She had cared for me, rescued me from fever and infection, cut off my fingers and toes, and now she was looking at me with some sort of pain in her eyes telling me that I didn’t understand. What was there to understand? She left me. She walked away from her child, her baby, and left me to fend for myself. She didn’t deserve to tell me why. I owed her nothing.
Buck was pacing, but came to me when he saw my body language shift.
“Princess, let her talk, don’t react, not yet.”
My teeth were clenched, I didn’t trust myself to speak for fear that the emotions I was barely hanging onto would let loose, unable to be restrained again. I gave a curt nod. She could tell me. I would listen, and then she could go away again. She had been dead to me once, she could be again.

Thirty-one

Nova

It was a prison, literally and figuratively. 
It was not my home and my body was not my own. I was a stranger and a refugee, a person searching but never finding a place to call her own. I was no longer alone. I carried a child like I carried my grief, a growing weight, more cumbersome each day.
The snow blew for five months. On the day it stopped I looked through the windows in the garden to see something other than white for the first time since I entered this forsaken place. I tried to remind myself that I was alive. That was important, being alive—it meant that there was hope.
I felt the child quicken inside me and that thing that I had been trying to ignore jumped out at me and grabbed hold of me. No one here paid attention to me, so I never had to explain myself when I ate more than usual, or when I vomited each morning. 
We were all refugees, everyone absorbed in their own grief and horror about what was happening beyond our walls. We stumbled around this place like ghosts, carrying the chains of those left behind, the guilt of being here—survivor’s guilt. As the snow had dragged on, any faint, glimmering hope of our loved ones’ survival grew dimmer. Who could survive in that? We breathed relief and sorrow in the same breath, fighting for air, and relishing each mouthful in turn.
The air was heavy down here, reeking of need and fear.
My belly was swollen, hidden by the long thick skirts and bulky sweaters, but it wouldn’t be long before someone noticed the change in my narrow frame. I was nearly six months along now, time that moved so slowly despite my every effort to scratch and claw at it. The sun shone every day now, surely this time would end soon and life could go back to normal, I would find Dax and we would start our family together. 


WHEN I WOKE, I wasn’t alone, as I usually was. Elias was an early riser and I woke only when absolutely necessary. He was never around by the time I rolled over, so it gave me a start when I opened my eyes to another set peering at me. 
The little girl, the one with the mark. 
She was standing by my bed, silently, intently looking at my mark, which had slipped out from under the warmth of my blanket. I typically kept it hidden, not entirely on purpose, but I had no desire to engage in any sort of conversation with anyone here, so I did my best to blend in. The hummingbird’s wings hadn’t dropped since I became pregnant, as suspended in its flight as I was in mine. 
“What’s your name?” I asked quietly. 
She hadn’t realized I was awake. Her eyes darted from me to the door, as if trying to decide whether to answer or run. 
“Don’t go,” I said. “I don’t mind.”
“My name is Ember.”
So appropriate for such a girl, her eyes were nearly black with tiny flecks of orange and yellow dancing like flames around her pupils. I had never seen eyes like hers.
“My name is Nova,” I said gently. I didn’t want to scare her, such a small child in this awful place. There could be nothing worse. She should be running and playing in the sunshine. This was no place for a child to grow and thrive. It ate at my own soul and I had lived so long outside of this prison, even these short months must seem an eternity to one so young. 
She didn’t smile, or say anything else. 
“Why do you have that?” 
“It helps me make children.”
“How?”
“Have you ever grown a flower?” I asked, choosing my words carefully.
She nodded.
“You know how you take the seed, and find a good place for it? Somewhere that’s full of sunlight and gets lots of water, and has all the nutrients the plant needs to survive?”
She nodded again, I could see a tiny spark of recognition.
“This helps make my body ready, gives a seed a good, healthy, fertile place to grow.”
“I can’t have children,” she said abruptly, as if I had no idea what the line on her face signified. 
“I know.”
“Can I hold yours?”
My eyebrows raised. 
“Mine?”
“After it comes out. Do you think it might be a girl?”
There was no point in arguing with her, it was obvious that I could hide it no longer. 
“I don’t know.” I had honestly never thought that far ahead. The idea that this child inside of me was a person, an individual with an unknown gender was foreign to me. It had always just been a baby.
“My mother is having a baby too. She said it might come out tomorrow, or maybe the next day. She thinks that it might be a girl.”
“Is that what you want?”
Ember nodded.
“I had a sister once, but she’s gone. I would like to have another one.”
I didn’t ask where her sister had gone. This place was so full of loss, and my heart was so heavy that adding a devastating tale from the lips of such a pure child seemed too hard to handle.
“I hope it’s a sister then,” I said. 
“Me too,” said Ember. She turned without a word and left the room abruptly as kids often do, though I noticed she left without any bounce or lightness to her step. She trudged, like everyone else down here. 


IT WAS A GIRL, Ember’s sister. She told me a few days later in the dining area. Ember was still the only person to say more to me than was absolutely necessary. There were a number of children her age, but typically they wanted nothing to do with her. She was different, she was marked. Children at her age do their very best to seem just like everyone else, and such an obvious difference had become the wall that enveloped her. 
“Her name is Harlow,” she said.
I had heard already, overheard in the hallways, but I found myself smiling with her. It was the first time I had seen Ember smile, and there was something contagious about it—the way her dark eyes shone when she spoke of her sister. 
Harlow was tiny and golden, the complete opposite of her older sister. Her fair ringlets and icy blue eyes were the talk of the caves, a place where little happiness or joy seemed to reside, so any excuse for lightheartedness was seized instantly. 
Her mother, Sahra, was the midwife in the caves, Ember told me, making sure to mention that she could run for her when my time came. I made sure to tell her she could have the honor, at which she beamed. I hadn’t planned for the birth, in fact, I think I had assumed I would no longer be here, and just be able to check myself into a comfortable hospital and let the doctors tell me what to do. I knew there were painkillers in the medical area; I had packed them into one of those backpacks myself, but I worried they wouldn’t let me have any. For a moment that idea worried me, until I realized that those drugs belonged to me more than they belonged to anyone else in this place. They came from MedTech, and I, for better or worse, was still the CEO and largest single share holder. I had no idea what remained of the company, but I had as much right to those medications as anyone here. 
After lunch I decided to go the medical wing and see the clinic for myself. I hadn’t been to that area, in fact, I had avoided it like the plague. I still had mixed feelings of fury and appreciation for Elias, and I hadn’t yet figured out how to reconcile those two into a cohesive statement, so for the most part I skirted around him. 
I entered the area and immediately it felt like home. The smells of the cleansers and sanitizers, and the clean white environment were so familiar to me. It was like I had never left the lab, and these last few months were no more than a terrible memory. They had given Elias everything he needed, that was immediately apparent. He had set up most of the areas in the same way our lab had been arranged, so similar, in fact, that I wondered if any of the equipment and furniture had been pilfered from MedTech. A lot of work had gone into this place. It was, for all intents and purposes, a functioning hospital. The medicines we had brought the day the earth froze had been nothing more than the icing on the cake. The storerooms were well stocked, and there was nothing obviously lacking that would be necessary to maintain the health of the hundreds of people who lived here.
Elias was bent over the worktable, preparing cellutation supplies I could see. Of course, babies were all cellutated and vaccinated at birth now. The process eradicated and replaced cells that had the potential to turn into genetic diseases, thus eliminating many of the most common killers, from cancer to heart disease and diabetes. Vaccinations prevented most bacterial illnesses and some of the most dangerous viruses. Harlow would be getting her treatments soon, and would be immune to most of the medical killers of the past. Of course, cellutation couldn’t fix everything, and living in confined conditions, we were more susceptible to contagions and infections, but Elias had a well-stocked cupboard of antibiotics and sterilization supplies. As long as everyone down here managed their health carefully, and made sure to remain as clean and sterile as possible, the risk of a viral or bacterial outbreak was slim. 
When Elias heard me enter he looked up and then brightened. 
“Hello, Darling,” he said, for the benefit of the younger apprentice he had helping him. “What brings you here?”
He walked forward to give me a hug and then took a second to gently rub my belly. The action made me tense. No one had touched my stomach, and I wasn’t sure that I liked it. My pregnancy had become increasingly obvious as I found myself unable to keep from waddling around the halls. 
“You’re not sick, are you?” Elias asked, eyes shifting from pleasure to concern.
“No, no,” I said. “I just hadn’t visited you recently,” or ever, “and I was missing the work.”
Elias softened. I had been his boss at MedTech, and he was in charge here. We both knew that, but he would understand a need to feel necessary. 
“Do you want to prepare the infant vaccinations?” he asked. 
It was a simple job, any apprentice could have done it easily, but it made me feel useful again. I had done my share of chore rotations, settling mainly in the gardens. It did my soul good to see green things grow, and it didn’t turn my queasy stomach like rotations in laundry, or the kitchen. Being back in the medical wing was just what I needed to remind myself who I was. It felt good to use my brain and not just my hands. 
I went to the sink to wash my hands, hands that had grown calloused and rough from months of gardening and lack of regular moisturizer. They were swollen too, a byproduct of being pregnant, I assumed. I pushed up my sleeves to wash and sanitize. I could feel the apprentice’s eyes on my wrist. Elias had no doubt told him about my breakthrough. I surged with pride knowing that even though I was buried down here, my invention would someday benefit people around the world, especially now. So many were dead and lost, those who survived would need to repopulate. Fertility was a commodity that would be prized, and something that I could give the world.
It didn’t take me long to get the vaccinations ready. They were all administered together in one dose. We still used a syringe, but Medtech was working on a pain-free model that would use heat and osmosis to deliver the vaccines through the skin without breaking it. We had been close to a breakthrough when we left, but someday I would complete that too. Pricking a child with a needle was too heartbreaking to put that on the backburner any longer. It would be my next big achievement.
While I worked, I took note of where Elias kept things. It was easy to guess what was hidden behind the closed and locked cupboards, since they were likely the things I remembered from the cupboards at MedTech. We hadn’t brought everything, and some of what was here had likely been purchased when they set this whole place up, but I felt familiar enough with this place, and Elias, to know that I could find what I needed if I needed it.
“Thanks for letting me help,” I told Elias as I cleaned up my station.
“No problem, I knew you would end up coming this way sooner or later.”
I rolled my eyes.
“Not that I don’t think you’re perfectly suited to gardening and all that, but someone as brilliant as you shouldn’t waste your mind either.”
“Yes, because preparing vaccinations is the pinnacle of using my mind,” I said smiling wearily. I still wasn’t used to smiling.
“There’s plenty of work that you can do here, though,” said Elias, his tone serious. “Just because we’re stuck underground doesn’t mean your work has to stop.”
I was intrigued. I hadn’t thought about continuing my work in this place.
“We can continue trials of your serum, make changes if we need to…”
“Changes?” I asked. We hadn’t ever spoken of changes.
“Who knows,” he said flippantly, “You might be struck by brilliance, away from all the distractions.”
This was true. Down here I was likely to pour everything into my work, since I couldn’t even be bothered to talk to most of the people. Seclusion and science seemed a suitable solution. I was already lonely; I may as well do something. 
“When are you due?” he asked quietly
“I’m not sure exactly,” I said. “I wasn’t paying attention there for a bit, but I think I’m around six months. How long have you known?”
“For a while,” he said, nodding to my wrist, “you forget I know how that thing works.”
I had also forgotten we slept in the same room. The hummingbird’s wings hadn’t moved since I became pregnant, because my hormone levels stayed high.
“Right.”
“Is Dax the father?”
I fumed. “Of course he’s the father, what kind of woman do you take me for?”
Elias shrugged as he finished up attaching the bag of fluid to the IV pole. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Is there another way to ‘mean’ asking me who the baby’s father is?”
He sighed.
“I guess not,” he said.
I huffed as I threw my gloves into the trash can. 
“Hey,” said Elias, “We don’t throw those out.”
“What? The gloves?”
“Yes, the gloves,” he said. “We don’t have an unlimited supply and a chain of suppliers to refill our stocks when we run out. We sterilize and reuse as much as we can, especially when we just used them for preparing equipment.”
I flushed. It made complete sense, but it was such an ingrained habit to merely throw away those ‘expendables’. 
“Sorry,” I said, reaching into the trash to fish them out again.
He shrugged. “You didn’t know.”
I watched him as he finished what he was doing and cleaned his station. He was as meticulous as he had always been—one of the main reasons I had hired him in the first place. 
“How long have you guys been building this place?” I asked.
“A long time,” he said. “And no, I didn’t get anything from MedTech, before you ask.”
I smiled.
“I did buy through a few of our suppliers though; it seemed like a good idea to get materials and equipment that I was used to using.” 
I nodded, it made sense.
“Where did you get the money?”
“Private investors, families that wanted a guaranteed spot in here in case of disaster, but the majority of the cash came from the Shepherd himself.” 
I had heard of the Shepherd, and the council, and I knew that Elias was part of that, but I had no idea how it all worked.
“The Shepherd bought this building a long time ago, when they decommissioned the prisons, and started developing it at that time. As he worked he realized how much space he had, and how many people could live in here comfortably, so he started finding items and skills he needed to create a fully-functioning society with all the necessities, and went about finding them. He traded the commodity he had, space, for what he didn’t. Everyone in here serves a purpose, or has created some part of this system.”
It was somewhat fascinating, if you took the time to look closely at the community itself. 
“He was quite pleased when I told him I had married another doctor,” Elias said, and smirked at the word ‘married’. “You actually serve two of our objectives.”
“And those are?”
“Maintaining health and repopulation.”
“You forgot how good I am at growing turnips.”
“Yes, of course. I forgot all about our turnip-growing objective.”
I rolled my eyes at him and left. I had my own objectives to worry about.


I WORKED WITH ELIAS daily from then on. He deferred to my knowledge about some things, but for the most part he took on the role of leader in the clinic. I was happy to relinquish that role. It was getting more difficult for me to work comfortably for long stretches and even my mind seemed pretty preoccupied with growing a human. Every decision I made, however miniscule it felt on the outside, seemed to come back to the baby. 
 As the days passed, Elias grew more comfortable with having me around again, and I started to see some of his old attitudes toward me come back. I had been so angry with him when we got here; perhaps mainly the shock of hearing about my husband and realizing the people weren’t talking about Dax. Or maybe I blamed him for our separation, since Dax had said he would come get me. I feared nothing more than the idea that Dax had come and I wasn’t there. I hoped he hadn’t thought I abandoned him. I hadn’t even thought to leave a note. My anger had softened over the months, but the awkwardness of past issues followed me. I had never felt I could really invest personally in Elias, I had always known of his feelings for me, so I didn’t want to give him the wrong idea. I kept our relationship on a cordially professional level, with me safely out of his reach. Here though, things were different. He was in charge, we lived and worked together, it was impossible to keep him out of certain areas of my life, because there simply weren’t any other areas.
I knew I would have to hurt him someday. He would think me ungrateful, thoughtless, or even rude, but it was a cost I was willing to pay. I had no idea how I was going to find Dax again, but there was little that I would let stand in my way.


I WAS IN THE GARDENS when I felt the first contraction.
I knew exactly what it was, even though I had been experiencing some false labor for weeks. It just felt different. I had been weeding on all fours, so I pushed myself up onto my knees and took a deep breath. It passed as quickly as it came, but I knew more would follow. I had stolen a few helpful pills and a syringe or two from the medical wing, and they were wrapped in a towel and tucked under the bed in my room. I glanced up at the ceiling. The sky was blue, as it typically was these days. The sun warmed my face through the glass. I hadn’t felt the sun on my face in months, the real sun. Most of the warmth in here came from the heating system, though sitting in the brightness of the filtered sunlight did wonders for my imagination. I breathed slowly as I felt another contraction seize my abdomen. It was time.
I hauled my swollen frame to my feet. My back ached, my belly tightened, and I felt a rush of fluid between my legs. Ember was with me, she scarcely left my side in the last week for fear of missing her moment. She heard the splash of water on the pavement and her face lit up.
“What?” I asked, stringing her along, “Perhaps I’ve just lost complete control of my bladder, as well as my senses.”
She gave me a withering look from the eye that peeked out from the long bangs she wore to hide the line on her face.
“Alright, alright, go get your mother. I’ll meet you both at my room.”
Women in the caves didn’t give birth in the medical wing, which seemed strange to me. They also didn’t give birth with pain-killers, but those women weren’t doctors. I could understand giving birth in the comfort of one’s home, it wasn’t my thing, but I could empathize. That said, there was nothing about the caves that even reminded me of home, much less comfort. It was another ugly, institutional place, a small room with nothing separating me from my neighbors but a concrete wall and a steel door. It would be stuffy, dingy and I sincerely hoped I wasn’t the one who was going to have to clean up afterwards. 
Oh right. It was also going to be a miracle.


IT SURE DIDN’T FEEL like a miracle as I bore down for what seemed like the five-hundredth time. 
“You’re almost there, dear,” Sahra said, in what could have been construed as a sympathetic way. I took it as smug and unfeeling, but that was probably the result of my fatigue. I had injected myself with everything I had and cursed myself for not bringing more. Sahra had noticed, but not commented. She had delivered babies in the days of epidurals and spinals, how could she object to a little morphine? 
“Almost where?” I asked, cranky. I stopped myself short of listing all the places I felt like I was. 
She laughed and rubbed my feet. 
“Do you want to see? Your baby is crowning.”
“Not really.” 
I groaned loudly as the next contraction came on top of the last. There hadn’t been any relief for what seemed like hours. I had seen and partaken in my fair share of births, never from this side, and I now realized why:
It sucked.
“One more push dear.”
I gritted my teeth and gave it whatever was left of the strength I no longer had. I wanted Dax to be here so I could throw something at him for not being here, and for not being cursed as a woman.
They said we were beyond this child-making stuff—we could use our brains and not our bodies to further mankind, but they lied. No matter how successful we were, no matter how smart we were—our true purpose was this.
And this… was awful.
Ember knelt beside my bed and stroked my hair as I felt the baby slip from my body. I collapsed back onto the bed, sweating and panting. It was done. Nine months of creation was done in that instant. Relief poured over me.
“It’s a girl,” said Sahra
Poor thing.
I didn’t know what to do when the child was handed to me. It was weird and messy and wiggly. I handed her to Ember, who took her gratefully. I wanted nothing more than to sleep. I had lost track of the hours in this dark room. They had allowed us a lamp so that we could close the door while others slept, as a result the walls were nearly dripping from the heat of three, now four bodies crammed into this tiny space. 
I needed air. I needed to get out. I needed to breathe. 

Thirty-two



I stared at the strange being in my arms for most of the next day. She didn’t cry, or fuss. She just watched me. I didn’t understand where she came from, or why people insisted I loved her “to pieces”. What did that even mean? I didn’t know who this person was, how could I love her? People streamed in and out of my room, cordially wishing us well. I wished they wouldn’t. I didn’t want company. I didn’t care when they wanted to hold the baby, they could hold it as long as they wanted. Her. They could hold her as long as they wanted.
Elias and Sahra watched me with the worry plain in their eyes. What were they worried about? We both survived, that was something. We were survivors at least. Now there were two of us. Two of me. I couldn’t figure out what to do with one of me.
“Have you given any thought to her name?” Elias asked. “People are starting to ask me, and I don’t have anything to tell them.”
“You name her,” I said. He was holding her after all. He could do something helpful. I did all the hard work
He gasped slightly. 
“Nova, she’s not my child.”
I shrugged. “So? People name puppies all the time, and they didn’t give birth to them either. Be a man and name the baby.”
He made weird faces at her and tickled her cheeks. I was sure she must be looking at him as the fool he was, but she disappointed me. She cooed and gurgled. Her tiny fuzzy red-tinged head moved erratically as she looked up cross-eyed at him. 
“How about Leona?”
“Who’s Leona?”
Elias sighed. “For the baby, her name? Leona.”
“Ok.”
His gaze fixed on my eyes. I didn’t want to look at him, but I didn’t look away. 
“Nova, she’s your child.”
I felt the tears well up inside of me. Emotions that had been threatening to slip all day now seemed to be released like a mudslide, and I had nothing left but a bucket to hold it back. I began to sob despite myself. Elias laid the child on his bed, safe in her swaddle and sat down next to me. He pulled me into his arms and every fear, every sorrow and every ounce of pain flowed from me. He shushed me like he did when the baby cried. He was the one who should have had a baby. I was useless. At least he knew what to do.
“I read the books, Elias, they said mothers bond with their babies, I didn’t bond, I don’t know who that is. She can’t tell me.”
“Screw the books.”
“Huh?”
“Screw the books,” he repeated. “Books don’t know everything, and even if they did, have you read them all?”
“No.”
“So how do you know,” he said. “Maybe you missed the book that tells you that some moms need to work at it, or some moms have wacko hormones that make them certifiably nutso after having babies.”
“No, I read those ones too.”
“I see,” he said. “You just conveniently forgot about them?”
“Apparently.”
“You’re a doctor, Nova. Heal thyself.”
“I don’t know how.” I was verging on a whine, but I didn’t care. I wanted to feel sorry for myself. I hadn’t slept in two days, every muscle in my body ached, I felt gross and grimy and exhausted.
“The first step is diagnosis.”
I knew the diagnosis, but I didn’t want to admit it. I had seen the signs as clearly as he and Sahra had, I was sure, but was reluctant to admit that anything was wrong. Based on my disconnect, lack of patience, irritability and overwhelming exhaustion, I knew I was suffering from postpartum depression. 
“Next step,” he said. “Go take a shower. You stink.”
I glared at him.
“You give birth. I bet you’ll smell like posies.”
“That was yesterday. This is today. You need a shower.”
I didn’t disagree. 
“I’ll take care of Leona, you go make it more pleasant for people to be around you.”
“I don’t want people around me.”
“You think someone is going to leave a certifiable nut-job alone with a baby?” He raised his eyebrows at me meaningfully.
I took a shower.


I NEVER RENAMED HER. Leona just stuck.
They didn’t leave me alone for a while and secretly I was relieved. I couldn’t control my thoughts, and far too many of them ended in my walking out the doors and lying down alone outside and waiting to die.
I couldn’t breastfeed. It didn’t work. I grew more and more frustrated with myself and Leona. I had never sucked at anything. I was always successful. Breastfeeding was evil. Leona screamed and my nipples bled—they bled because a baby was trying to drink from them. It was insanity. Finally, at the peak of my frustration, I gave up and allowed Sahra to take her. Leona slept with Harlow at night, so Sahra could nurse them both, for which I was immensely relieved. I struggled with insomnia and every time I managed to drift off to sleep I would be woken up by a screaming baby wanting to bite my nipples off. She didn’t even have teeth, how could it hurt that much? 
I was useless. I was failing and there was nothing I could do about it.
“I have a gift for you.” I heard Elias say from the door. I was curled up in my bed where I spent most of my day, a blanket pulled up over my head to drown out the constant noise of other people I didn’t care about.
I pulled the blanket down to underneath my eyes.
“A present for what?”
I had lost track of time, but I was remotely aware that no major holidays were near.
“Do I need an excuse? You are my wife after all.”
I glared at him. I was in no mood for a joke.
“Get on with it.”
Elias laughed. It hurt my head.
He pulled a lumpy pile of cloth from behind his back. It was green, a soft grayish green color. I sat up and he handed it to me. It unrolled in my hands. It was a cloak, a soft thick woolen cloak lined with fur as red as my hair.
“It’s fox fur,” said Elias. “I had some of the women make it for you.”
“Why?”
“So you could go outside. I think you could use some air.”
The thought of going outside was a thought I had buried so deeply that it would never surface again. It was pointless to wish for something that would never happen. I knew some of the men went outside regularly. Sahra’s husband Archer was outside daily taking care of the animals, and teams of men bundled up every week or so and went on searches to find anything abandoned that could be of use to us—food supplies, gasoline, clothing, items for the armory.
Women didn’t go outside. I had been told that over and over again. 
“You need to get some fresh air; I think it will help you… regain perspective.” Elias said, “I wouldn’t stay out for long, but a few breaths won’t hurt.”
I was profoundly grateful. A tear spilled its banks and trailed down my cheek.
“You’ll need some other clothing as well, mittens, a scarf, a warmer coat, some ski goggles maybe. It’s still freaking cold out there, but at least with this you can see the world again.”
‘The world’ turned out to be a fenced compound complete with guard towers and razor wire. No guards sat in the towers, but they loomed, dark and empty above me. It made sense, this place was a prison, but it seemed strange to me to be standing in the middle of a pen. I didn’t complain. Every breath of air was icy and seared its way down my throat, but it wasn’t stale, and musty and reeking of people who only showered once a week. I gulped it in freely until my teeth started to chatter. 
Over the next weeks I went outside daily, sometimes in the sunshine, and occasionally in the middle of the night when I couldn’t sleep. I wanted to see the stars again. The changes in the atmosphere that had brought on the frigid weather, the frozen days, as many had started to call it, had brought with it an unexpected pleasure. Every night, colors danced through the sky, mostly green, but sometimes blue or pink. Elias called them Aurora Borealis, the northern lights, a phenomenon I had heard of but never experienced. If the cold didn’t take my breath away, the changing patterns in the night sky did. Some days I just stood and breathed and watched the sky, and other days I walked along the fence. The snow was deep, at least three or four feet, even now that it had been packed down by the wind and horses’ hooves. We had snowmobiles, but they required gasoline to run, which was strictly rationed, so the main mode of transportation was horses. 
My thick fur mitten grazed the chain link as I walked around the yard. It was dark and cloudy, so neither the stars nor the northern lights were apparent. 
“Nova.”
I heard my name like the whisper of the wind, muffled through the hats and scarves and hood I wore. I glanced back at the door I came from. Even in the dim flickering light from the windows I could see that I was alone in the yard.
“Nova. Over here.”
I turned toward the fence. It was dark beyond the chain link. I had to let my eyes adjust, but then I saw. It was no more than the shadow of a person, but a person nonetheless. A person beyond the fence.
“Are you alone?”
“Yes, I think so,” I said. 
The person came closer.
I saw her, and I knew her. My heart filled with a hope that I had buried under four feet of snow. Asari, Dax’s sister.
“I’ve been looking for you,” she said.
“Dax?”
“He’s safe, with me. With us. I wondered if I would find you here.”
“You knew about this place?”
She nodded. “I sold supplies to these guys. I didn’t know where they were exactly, but it wasn’t too tough to narrow down, based on the amount of stuff they were buying. All of us preppers kind of know about each other.”
“Preppers?”
“Prepping for Armageddon—or in this case, a giant crapload of snow, though, even I didn’t see this coming, or I would have invested in more winter clothing.” She smiled as she pulled her scarf back over her face. She was dressed in mismatched clothing and a crude coat made from the hide of some sort of wild animal. She had mittens and boot covers that appeared to be made of rabbit fur and a pair of neatly fashioned but obviously handmade snowshoes. Her thick toque hid the mark on her face that matched little Ember’s. Dax had been furious with her when she opted to sterilize herself. It was better for business, she had told him. No one trusted the word of a woman who might up and decide to have children and leave them hanging. She was committed to her business, and she wanted to make sure everyone knew it. Even in my own medical circles were women with the same attitudes, not realizing the necessity of life beyond our own generation. Someone would still have babies, they’d said. Women without money or power, the poor and hopeless, they would breed enough for all of us.
“I’m glad I found you,” Asari said. “Now you can come with me and I can finally make that sulky boy happy again. He’s of no use to me as he is.”
Her eyes twinkled with some secret amusement.
“When can we go?” I asked.
“Depends on you.” She said. “I can hang around for another day or so, but then I have to get out of here. Your search teams don’t take kindly to us.”
“No?”
She laughed out loud. “Let’s just say there was an… incident.”
“An incident?”
“Not important,” she said, waving her hand in the air in dismissal.
I was ready to go immediately, but I had to be practical. At the very least I needed to take some medical supplies. I didn’t know what situation we were going to, and I was going to be a lot happier with a sack full of medicine. 
“I can be ready tomorrow.”
Asari nodded. “Tomorrow then. I’ll be back tomorrow. Come into the yard, I’ll be watching.”
“But if someone sees you…”
She shook her head. “They won’t. You guys have lights in there. It’s a lot easier to see into the yard than it is to see out of it.”
“Tomorrow then.”
“Tomorrow. If you don’t come, I may not come back.”
“I understand.”
She turned and stepped lightly over the drifts of snow, I watched until she blended into the trees and disappeared.
My heart lifted instantly, feeling lighter than it had in nine months. Dax was alive, and I was going to find him.

Thirty-three



Leona. 
The thought hit me halfway through the next day.
She was Dax’s daughter, I needed to bring her, but how?
Perhaps I could fashion some sort of sling, carry her with me under my clothes? I had no idea how far we would need to travel, on foot, I assumed. I had never been to Asari’s property, though Dax had told me it was a little ways outside the city, the same as the prison, but I had no idea where either place was in relation to each other. I also didn’t know where we would be living, and I had no way of feeding her on my own, at least not until she could eat solid food. It was an impossible situation.
She would be safe here, cared for by Elias and Sahra. She would be warm, fed and educated, and once the weather returned to normal, I could come back. I would bring Dax and we would come and get her. Elias would be angry, but he would understand. These frozen days would end and we could be a family.
I had already been to the clinic. I had snuck Elias’s key from his lab coat in our room as soon as I came back inside from seeing Asari. I wouldn’t have easy access to the supplies during the day, not without being noticed, so I had to do it soon. I had a messenger bag full of pills, and some basic medical equipment, enough to perform basic first aid, plus some. The bulging bag was pushed as far under my bed as I could get it. I had enough antibiotics and painkillers to last quite some time. I assumed Dax and Asari were with other people, but without knowing how many, I planned for extra. I considered bringing my serum, but I already had as much as I would be able to carry through the snow for a long hike, and the serum would require IV bags and plenty of fluid. I would leave it here for now.
My mind was a fog throughout the day, thinking of what I would need. I knew there were military snowshoes in the armory, and some heavy boots that would probably be too big on me, but would do. I found my way to the closet and when no one was looking, borrowed some extra clothing. Asari would have food, or a way to get some, so I didn’t bother with that. She had come all the way here; she could get me back, it was more important for me to bring knowledge and supplies. 
By the time the darkness crept in through the frosted windows, I was ready, nervous but ready. Leona would be fine, I’d be back for her with her father before she knew I was missing, and we would be together.


ASARI MET ME, AS promised, and I slid through the gate to meet her. I was anxious to be going. I had found some pants and had tucked the ends into a large pair of knit socks that came nearly to my knees. On top of that I had the heavy boots, two thick woolen skirts, two tunics, both tucked in to help keep the pants from falling off my hips. I had a heavy wool sweater, and a dark, fur-lined cloak. I had left the beautiful one with Elias. I didn’t feel right about taking it. He had given it to me as a gift out of selflessness and love, and in return I was leaving him alone to explain my disappearance and care for my daughter. 
We hiked for nearly three days, mainly at night. Asari seemed to be able to find her way easily through the trees in the dark, and I just stumbled along after her. I panted and gasped for air as I followed. Her lean, wiry frame had been conditioned to this, while mine had grown soft between being pregnant and living inside in rustic comfort. If I was honest with myself I would admit that I had never been in terribly good shape, in spite of my lean appearance. I worked with my mind, not my body. She rolled her eyes when I fell behind, but dutifully waited for me. We stopped each day when the sun was high in the sky to make a fire, warm up, take a nap and eat something hot. Sometimes Asari would leave me for a while to sleep or tend the fire, and come back with a rabbit or a squirrel she would roast for us. It was warm and delicious and energized me enough to keep going. 
My body was beginning to fail. Even when standing right next to the fire, I found myself unable to get warm. I shivered uncontrollably and just when I was on the verge of collapse Asari stopped.
“We’re here,” she said.
I could see nothing different than the same woods and snow I had been looking at for days.
“Where?”
“See that hill there?”
There was a steep hill, almost a wall of snow. Asari called out and a voice responded. She started forward again, up the hill. The snow was different here, packed and solid, steeper than the hills we had travelled over—this hill was made by people. 
I followed Asari around the hill to a place where the rise was more gradual. When we reached the crest, I could see that the hill was more like a ring, a wall or fortress to protect what was inside. 
The camp was different than I had imagined, though I didn’t know if I had imagined anything at all. There was a small cabin to one side, almost entirely buried in the wall of snow, they told me later that this was where they stored the vast amounts of dry goods, to keep it cold and protected from the moisture and vermin that plagued the camp. Within the wall were at least a dozen tents, or huts. They seemed to be made of some kind of canvas, but they were short, only four or five feet tall. They were round, and most of them had been covered in layers of evergreen boughs, though some of the green boughs had been replaced by animal furs, which were likely a superior insulator to the evergreen. There were large fires scattered among the tents, some for cooking, others had giant cauldrons of water boiling over them, possibly for laundry. Other fires had giant racks beside them where animal hides were stretched for drying. They hunted and killed animals for meat and then used their skins to insulate their homes as they could. 
As I glanced around the settlement, one thing was glaringly obvious to me. There were no men. Every person I saw here was female, and of those whose faces I could see, even from a distance, every one of them had the same mark. 
I saw one person who walked with a slightly different gait, one I recognized from a distance. Even covered in layers of clothing, I knew my husband.
“Dax!” I called, unable to prevent my tired, aching body from lurching forward down the hill. I tripped and stumbled over my snowshoes and fell with a jarring thud to the hard packed snow below. I struggled to my feet and before I made it to a standing position his strong hands pulled me up and into his arms.
“Nova,” he whispered. “I love you so much, but please run. Run now.”
I pulled back from him and looked into his tear-filled eyes. 
I heard the telltale click beside my ear and I knew his warning, whatever it was, had come too late.
I turned slowly and saw that Asari had a small handgun pointed directly at my head, and all the women who had been working around us had joined her. Some carried rifles or handguns and others crude spears or knives. They all watched us with the same haughty smiles. I knew in an instant that I was trapped. I had left my daughter to find her father and instead I had followed Asari directly into a spider’s web. 
“Welcome, Nova,” said Asari. “We’re glad you could come join us.”
Her smile was the last thing I saw before the hand holding the gun to my face swung and cracked against my cheek, and everything went black.

Thirty-four

Leona

Nova was gone. After Buck was satisfied with what she told me, he had let her finish her work and go. I hadn’t spoken; numb from the barrage of information I had been thrown. 
It felt like an attack, this truth. It left me with more hurts and anger, more pain and sorrow. Not only had I discovered my mother was not dead like my father had said, my father? He wasn’t even related to me. My father was some invisible man, Sire? Dax? Whatever his name was, he was out there, and I hadn’t known a thing about him. Not once in seventeen years had I even held an inkling that the basic truths of my life were a total sham, a lie. And not even that, my own mother had been the one who invented this serum that had turned my best friend into a shadow of herself. Everything had been taken from me. I sat, trapped in this hut, and for the first time I felt completely and utterly alone. I felt raw and torn; I was broken, violated, and devastated.
Buck knew better than to talk. He just perched on the woodpile and watched me silently. 
I couldn’t move. 
I couldn’t speak.
Eventually I noticed I was lying on my back, staring through the hole in the ceiling as the daylight faded and darkness crept in. Buck tended the fire, ate the food that was brought, leaving enough for me in the bowl beside me. 
I didn’t want it. 
At some point I must have fallen asleep; because I woke and noticed he had crawled into the furs beside me and was snoring softly. I tossed and turned fitfully, drifting in and out of sleep, unsure whether the nightmares came when I was sleeping or awake.
To be honest, I had no idea how long I stayed in that fog. Buck moved and changed around me, but everything else had stopped. Eventually his words broke through the terrible silence.
“Would it have been better if you didn’t know?”
I didn’t know how to answer that. Had this truth set me free? Or further imprisoned me? Was there a right answer? Or was it just my interpretation?
I shook my head.
“No,” I said, my voice hoarse from sleep and disuse. I was numb with pain and trying to understand. Asari was my aunt, and she had imprisoned my parents, her own brother. Athena was my sister, and out there were eleven other siblings I had yet to meet. I had a family, a big one. Back at home was my father, Elias, the man who had raised me and taught me everything I knew. He didn’t deserve the cards he had been dealt, but he hadn’t played them well either. 
“I needed to know,” I said. It was true. Pieces of my life that had never fit anywhere were falling into place, making a picture that I couldn’t yet decipher.
Buck nodded. He was lying on his back in the furs beside me. It was dark outside, but I was vaguely aware that it wasn’t very late. The light that had trickled through the hole in the ceiling was gone, but there was still movement and voices echoing around the camp—women cooking over the outdoor bonfires and children chasing each other around the huts. It wasn’t much past supper time.
My stomach growled feebly at the thought of food. 
“Hungry?” asked Buck.
“Yeah, did they bring supper yet?”
“A while back, but I kept some for you. It might still be warm.”
I didn’t care if it was a buffalo stew popsicle. I needed food. Buck got up and brought the food from where it sat, staying warm near the fire. He wrapped a rabbit fur around the bottom so I could hold it without burning myself on the side that sat closest to the flames. It wasn’t hot, but warm enough to chase the chill from my bones and satisfy the intense hunger I had ignored for days.
“Slow down there, Princess,” Buck said, laughing as I inhaled the stew.
I knew I was eating too fast and would pay for it later, but I couldn’t stop the spoon’s increasing speed. I barely chewed, but everything was so soft it nearly melted in my mouth. When I was done I dropped the spoon into the bowl, leaned back on my hands and groaned loudly. It felt almost euphoric to feel warm and full. It was finally possible to ignore the turmoil in my mind and focus only on the pleasure of my body. I burped loudly.
“Good grief, Princess. Anyone teach you how to be a lady?”
I shrugged. “No mother, remember?”
He smirked. I think he took it as a good sign that I made a joke about it. 
“Why do you call me Princess?” I asked. 
He chuckled to himself. 
“Don’t you like it?”
I hadn’t even given it much thought. In all this time I hadn’t even bothered to tell him my name, he’d never asked and I never offered. He knew it now though, so I wondered why he continued with the nickname. 
“I’ve been here a long time, Princess, and there have been a lot of girls in here. More than I care to count, and some more than once. Every single one of them I’ve called Princess. Makes for less mistakes, you know. There aren’t many girls in the world that like to be called by someone else’s name.”
I didn’t say anything, pushing down the immediate impulse to feel demeaned and devalued—his words, while cool and cavalier, echoed with such a profound sadness. It was easy to forget his suffering when I focused only on my own. He had lived in this hut for nearly half my life. I was a child when he came here, living in warmth and comfort, loved and cared for. I had freedom and friends, fun and companionship. He was beaten and bruised, forced to perform on command while I played with the baby chicks in the stables and picked dandelions with Harlow.
“Do you ever think of getting out of here?” I asked.
“Flying the coop? Hitting the road?”
“Yeah.”
“I did, for a long time. Tried a few times too. You can see how well I did with that.”
“Apparently really well.” I said.
“Yup, got me a few more scars on my back and a more heavily armed guard. But seriously, why would I want to give all this up?”
I laughed. There was nothing else to do but laugh. He wanted to be funny, so even though it made my heart ache for him, I laughed.
We were silent for a long time. 
“I don’t even know where I’d go,” he said, his voice deep and barely louder than a whisper. “This is the only home I know.”
A tear slipped from my eye and traced a path down my cheek.
“Oh, Princess,” he said. “It’s not worth it. I’ve shed enough tears in here for the both of us. Don’t give them yours too.”
 He pulled me onto his lap. I rested my head on his shoulder and did my best not to cry as this crushed and conquered man wiped the tears from my face.
 

BUCK WAS GONE FOR HIS bath, and I was taking the opportunity to enjoy some much-needed time alone. Nova would come soon and check the bandages, and I hoped she would soon give me the all-clear to take a bath myself. I had been practicing walking with fewer toes. It was easier in shoes, but I wanted to make sure I could do it without them, so every day I hobbled slowly around the hut, taking care not to tumble into the fire. Buck typically helped me, but my sense of independence made me want to see if I could do it without him. I was halfway around when the flap opened. Three women burst through the gap, plowing over me as I stood, wobbling like a baby deer, near the door. I could tell they hadn’t expected me to be there and since they had come into our dark hut from the bright sunlight, their eyes didn’t adjust in time to stop themselves from tripping over me. We all ended up on the floor in a tangle of limbs. They were on their feet again much faster than I was, their faces stern and unyielding.
“Not here for a social visit, then,” I said drily, taking note of the spears and handgun in their hands.
“Out,” the one with the handgun spoke.
“Out?” I asked.
They didn’t answer. The two with spears each reached under my arms and dragged me out of the hut into the blinding sunlight.
The white of the world around me seared at my eyes, and the sudden burst of cold made it difficult to breathe. They hadn’t brought a cloak for me, or allowed me time to put my shoes back on. For now the bandages on my feet kept my bare skin off the snow, and for that I was thankful. I had lost enough toes for the time being.
They pushed me down to my knees and I could see we were surrounded. A circle had formed around the opening to my tent. There was no hope of escape in any direction. The air had a hostile ring to it, though no one spoke. My eyes hadn’t adjusted well enough to make out faces, but the stark contrast of their facial tattoos popped off the white canvas around us. I knew in that instant that I was in trouble. I wished for my knives, my sling, anything that I could use to defend myself. 
I wished for Buck.
When I saw Athena in front of me, my heart sank. She was standing next to Asari within the circle that encased us. This had been timed, planned and orchestrated. Something was happening and I knew that they didn’t want Buck around. For the first time, a pang of fear for him struck at the chords in my heart. I glanced for some clue as to why we were here, and whether Buck was safe, but no eyes betrayed their cause. I couldn’t find Nova’s face among the strangers. What had they done with her?
“Check the hut,” Asari said. Her voice was quiet but in the stillness of the camp it echoed through the icy air. It was strangely silent, though to me it seemed even more muffled, as the adrenaline rushed hot and loud through my ears. 
I could hear the flap open as women entered the place that was both my prison and my home. Though I knew I had nothing left of value in there it struck me as a violation. I wanted to object, to rail against every injustice these women had forced onto me, onto Buck, but either sense or fear stilled my voice.
I couldn’t run any more than I could fight my way out of whatever this was. I was cornered, and though I knew it was futile, I found myself calculating and strategizing. What could I do? I wasn’t dressed to be out of the hut, much less out in the woods, escape would be a death sentence, but I couldn’t be sure it wasn’t still better than whatever I faced in this circle. My mind flashed with the visions of the scars on Buck’s back—even healed as they were, they screamed red and angry under the heavy tattoos. I cringed involuntarily as Buck’s descriptions of what they had done to the other girls haunted me. 
I could hear rustling and movement as they tore the hut apart. They hadn’t even left me all my clothes, and every weapon or personal belonging that I had brought with me had been taken already. There was nothing in there for them to take.
The murmurs and whispers of the women around me exploded suddenly, and I knew something had happened. Athena looked smug while Asari’s perpetually blank stare altered as she raised an eyebrow at whatever was happening behind me.
Athena nodded at the people behind me, and I felt myself pushed from behind. My bare hands hit the cold snow as I tumbled forward. 
“What do you have to say for yourself, child?” Asari said.
I cleared my throat.
“I don’t even know what I’m being accused of.”
“Liar!” shouted Athena, and she rushed forward from where she stood at her aunt’s side. I rolled away from her attack, but her boot caught me in the ribs, stealing my breath and causing my eyes to water with hot, angry tears. 
Athena had wound up to kick me again and I closed my eyes and braced for the blow.
“Athena, enough,” said Asari.
It never came. As angry as she was, she obeyed her aunt, our aunt. 
I rolled back onto my hands and knees, coughing and gasping for the air that had been knocked from me.
“I don’t know what I’m being accused of,” I repeated, trying to keep my voice steady.
“You lie!” Athena growled again. She began shouting obscenities at me. 
I shook my head.
Asari watched me carefully, I looked her in the eyes in hopes she would somehow glean my innocence. She held my gaze and then looked beyond me to the women who had searched the tent.
I saw something fly past me and land on the snow between me and Athena. A glint of metal caught my eye as it skidded to a halt at Asari’s feet. A knife. A knife I knew I had never seen before. 
“This was found in your hut,” said Asari. “Now what do you have to say for yourself?”
“I’ve never seen it before in my life.”
“She lies, Asari. She stole it from my mother when she was helping her. She repaid my mother’s healing skill with theft.”
Asari glanced at me. I shook my head slowly, tears coming to my eyes. 
“She’s my mother too, Athena. I didn’t steal from her.”
A switch flipped in Athena. Whatever anger she held toward me over the suspicious knife paled in comparison to the fury that held her now.
“Don’t. Ever. Call. Her. That.”
“Why not?” I said, defiant. “It’s true.” 
Athena howled and rushed at me. Asari and another woman standing near grabbed her by the chest before she made it to me, pulling her back, screaming and hurling obscenities. Asari pushed her backwards, whispering in her ears and calming the storm that raged within her. The pain in my ribs stabbed at me with every breath. 
“Wait,” said Asari to her niece. “Calm yourself.”
Asari turned back to me, where she met my pleading eyes. 
“I didn’t take that knife,” I started, “You can ask Buck…”
“So he can corroborate that you two were conspiring to escape?”
“No! I’ve never seen it before, you have to believe me.”
“I don’t have to do anything,” she said. I could see in her eyes that she didn’t fully believe what Athena was telling her. My confusion when they brought out the knife was probably enough for her to discern my innocence, but she was as trapped as I was. Her tribe demanded justice, they shouted for it as we watched each other in silence. She couldn’t exonerate me without calling Athena a liar, and she wouldn’t do that. There was no way out. I lowered my head in deference to her and heard words that chilled me to the core.
“Let them fight.”
The crowd exploded at her words, their bloodthirsty calls rising from the little village in the woods. My head snapped up to Asari as I saw Athena, smug and haughty, step forward to claim her knife.
The crowd around us widened their circle giving us room. Asari stepped back, becoming one with her tribe. Athena stood over me, waiting for me to get up. As angry as she was with me, she waited for even footing—as even as it could be with her holding a knife and me not wearing shoes.
“And what weapon am I to use?”
Asari smiled and nodded toward her niece.
“Her knife. If you can get it.”
The women laughed and shouted for blood. I had no choice. I wouldn’t let Athena cut me down without even rising to meet her, and I didn’t doubt that she would. 
I pushed myself to my feet, the cold of the snow seeping through the bandages. I didn’t have firm footing. My balance was still off and without shoes I had little to no chance against Athena, but I wouldn’t let her kill me without a fight. I took a breath and tried to embrace the fact that I was going to die at the hands of my sister. Crappy sister that she was, she was still my sister. Fighting back tears, I turned to meet her.
She wasted no time. Her first lunge was angry and vengeful, but sloppy. I spun to the side, dodging her advance, raising my elbow just in time to catch her face as it flew past. Athena wailed in pain, blood poured from her obviously broken nose. Her eyes narrowed, she was a menacing sight. The lower half of her face was red with blood and her tattoos strong and solid on her face. She would finish me, I knew, but I would not lie down and let her.
She rushed me again, this time with more caution. Her knife jabbed and parried toward me. I dodged its shining points again and again, but finally my maneuvers failed me. I felt the cold steel in my shoulder and my arm went numb. 
Athena laughed as blood trickled from the wound, seeping into the shoulder of my white tunic, spreading toward my chest. The women around us laughed and cheered.
I inhaled sharply and groped for the wound, trying to staunch the flow of blood with my hand when I heard the voice, loud and angry. It silenced the crowd.
“STOP!”
Buck pushed his way into the circle. His hair was wet and his shirt stuck to him, as if he hadn’t had time to dry himself before pulling it over his head. Nova was on his heels, her silver hair flying behind her as they rushed to my side, her wolf hot on their tail.
Athena’s face switched from fury to betrayal as she saw her mother come to my aid. 
“Asari, stop this.” Buck said, pleading. “She’s pregnant.”
The crowd gasped a collective gasp as whispers erupted in its midst.
“Buck, um, I’m not…”
He rolled his eyes at me.
“I’m not dumb, Princess. Those wings of yours haven’t dropped in two weeks and you haven’t bled this month. You’re having a baby.”
My face reddened with the knowledge that he even took note of my courses, much less counted the days. How could I be pregnant and not know it? How was it possible that he would know first? I lifted my wrist. The hummingbird’s wings were high and I couldn’t remember when they had risen, before the fever perhaps? 
“I’ve been doing this a long time,” he said, his voice low amid the murmurs of the crowd. “I pay attention.”
“He’s right,” said Nova to Asari, with a pointed glance at Athena. “You must stop this now.”
Athena glared at her traitorous mother, and then pleaded with Asari. “She stole my knife.” Her voice was less confident speaking to her aunt than it had been when addressing her mother.
Buck wheeled to face her, his shoulders taut, and pulled himself up to his full monstrous height.
“I live there too,” he said with gritted teeth, “How can you be so sure it was her?”
Athena smiled wickedly, a macabre sight for someone so covered in blood.
“Are you confessing?”
His shoulders dropped.
“Buck, no,” I pleaded in a whisper. I was starting to feel dizzy and nauseous. Nova held me under the arms, pressing a wad of cloth to my shoulder. I leaned on her.
“Yes,” he said. 
 Tears sprung to my eyes unbidden.
“Fifteen lashes,” said Asari simply, as if she really didn’t care about this anymore. Then she looked at Nova. “Take care of the girl.”
At that, Nova pulled me back into the hut. I heard the shouting and laughing. The fight had been cut short, but the merciless crowd would get what they hungered for—blood.
I sobbed and wailed to Nova. She shushed me for a minute, but when I heard the first sickening crack, I vomited on the floor beside the furs. Blood, tears and vomit flowed from me into the dirt floor. So many emotions coursed through me that I couldn’t extract one from the other. I was furious with Athena, horrified and sickened at the brutality that was happening just outside the tent, fearful for Buck, and shocked at the news of the growing life inside me. I could barely breathe, Nova held me as I gasped and sucked at the air.
“He’ll be fine,” she said. “I’ll fix him up. I’ve done it before.”
She would fix his body, yes. His body would heal. I worried about his heart.

Thirty-five



Buck groaned and sucked in a deep breath through his teeth.
“Don’t move, you bull-headed idiot,” I said. I was trying to feed him dinner, but it wasn’t working well. Trying to feed someone lying on their stomach was next to impossible under the best of situations, but I was trying to do so with the few remaining fingers of my left hand, since my right arm was tied into a sling. Nova had warned me not to use my right arm for a while, until the wound had healed enough that she wouldn’t be worried about my stitches. She no longer had antibiotics, so we had to be as careful as possible. The wound not healing properly just wasn’t an option.
“Quit calling me names, Princess.” He moaned as he pushed himself to his hands and knees. He wasn’t wearing a shirt. Wads of clean white cloth had been folded on his back and he had thick bandages of torn cotton wrapped all the way around his torso. Nova had patched him up when he came in. I hadn’t heard him scream until she rubbed a salve on his torn and bloody back. I hadn’t wanted to look. Just the thought of what they had done to him turned my stomach, but I had forced myself. He had done this for me, the very least I could do was absorb every ounce of it and try to remember. I couldn’t allow Buck to suffer more than I did. 
He would suffer and heal, but I would never forget. 
“If there’s any chance either of us are going to get food in our bellies, you need to give me that spoon,” he said, leaning back on his knees. 
“But, you’re in more pain than I am, I can help.”
“You’re more feeble than I am, Princess. I’ve done this on my own before, I can do it again.”
I couldn’t hold back the tears. They poured from my eyes, releasing every emotion I had tried so hard to bind to my heart. Buck shuffled toward me on his knees and brushed the hair from my face. The guilt was overwhelming, and try as I might, it was impossible to bury inside. 
“This is all my fault,” I said softly.
“Blame isn’t going to help us eat dinner,” said Buck as he took the bowl from the floor in front of me and the spoon from my hand. I could tell it pained him to move, but he had put on a brave face for my benefit. I hated myself for that. He was hurting and trying to hide it from me so I didn’t feel bad. 
Buck sat stiffly on his knees, dipping the spoon into the thin broth. It wasn’t as hearty as the delicious stews we had been given earlier, but there was enough rice and beans to fill our stomachs. I needed to eat soon. The nausea had started to rise in me, and I knew I would feel sicker the longer I went without food. He gave me the first bite, and the second, and the third. I lapped them up gratefully, feeling the nausea subside.
“Now you,” I said when he held up the spoon to me again. 
He shook his head.
“You need it more than me. You and the baby.”
I knew he was right, but there was nothing in me that wanted to take food from this man who was suffering on my account. It was unlikely I would ever get past this guilt, but he was firm and unyielding.
Relenting, I let him feed me until I was nearly full. When I finally shook my head he ate the rest. 
After eating he slowly moved himself until he was lying down again, stifling every moan and grunt.
I pulled the stub of a hairbrush through his hair, something to make me feel busy, like I was helping, but something I was sure wouldn’t cause him more pain than he was already in. I gently worked out the tangles and knots. It was slow and tedious work. When the snarls were gone I braided it, my hands feeble and diligent. It was a terrible braid, a four-year-old could have done better, but it was the best I could do, and it would keep his hair out of his face. 
When I sat back and looked at his face, I could see his eyes were wet with tears.
“Buck,” I said, “What’s wrong? Should I call for Nova?”
He shook his head.
“I’m sorry,” he said. His voice gruff, holding back whatever torment had caused his tears.
“There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
“You have every reason to hate me, especially now.”
“Especially now? After you rescued me from Athena? You saved my life Buck.”
“Saved it for what? So you can have a bastard in your belly. They’re going to take the baby you know. They always do. I set you up for that.”
Deep in my heart, I knew his words were true, and though the thought of having a baby hadn’t quite sunk in, and frankly still terrified me, I felt nothing but peace. Peace and a numbing guilt.
“I’ll get nine months with him, or her. I’ll think about the rest later.”
Buck shook his head.
“It’s not right, none of this is right.”
We had played the cards we had been dealt, and admittedly, we both held terrible hands, but it was the only thing we could have done. 
We sat in silence, absorbing the pain—both physical and mental—of our joint situation.
“Why did you do it, Buck?” I said, asking the question that had tormented me since that sickening incident the day before. Incident, I had taken to calling it that because I couldn’t think of another word. 
He muttered something I couldn’t hear.
“What?”
“How could I not?”
“Easy,” I said. “Bathe longer, run slower, speak softer.”
He shook his head. 
“That would make me as bad as them. You needed me, I knew I could help.”
“But why? And saying ‘just because I could’ isn’t an answer.”
He grunted and pushed himself off the furs.
“What are you doing? Stay down there!”
“I’m not talking to you with my face in the furs,” he said.
His voice was so firm I didn’t think to argue. He struggled to his knees and beckoned me closer. 
I knelt in front of him.
“You are carrying my child, Leona,” he said. It was the first time he had ever used my name, and the sound of it in his deep voice sent a shiver down my spine. “I probably have dozens of children out there, I have no idea, but this one… this one is mine. I’m not saying goodbye to this one. I’ve decided. I’m not letting this one go.”
“Why this one?”
He took a deep breath, leaned forward and kissed me, deep and long, and he didn’t have to say another word.

Thirty-six

Ember

I had watched my sister grow—never fully waking, never truly seeing—but yet her bulging stomach gave testament to how long I had been watching. She was near her time, weeks, perhaps days, I couldn’t be sure. 
Rowan scarcely left her bed, but as time had progressed he grieved less and less. Harlow became a fixture in the room, and our conversation mentioned her less frequently. She was there, always with us, but never part of us, behind some wall of glass that neither of us could reach, no matter how hard we tried. Eventually we stopped trying.
Harlow had officially entered her confinement a few months ago, and at that time, we had breathed a great sigh of relief. We no longer needed to lie about where she was, or how she was feeling. We didn’t need to tread that fine line between asking someone to stay away, and causing them such worry that they couldn’t in good conscience.
Usually we took turns sitting with her, leaving to fulfill our own work assignments and then returning to her. We ate our meals there, doing our best to feed Harlow something that was nourishing and easy to swallow, but we no longer spoke to her. 
I knew, without ever solidifying my thoughts, that I had feelings for Rowan that ran much deeper than those toward a sister’s husband, and at times, in our confinement, the days when we sat with her together, trapped in the same nightmare, I felt that he might feel the same way—but neither of us could bear to bring it up. 
I knew more about Rowan now than I believed my sister ever did. We had divulged our secrets there in the dark, with no one but Harlow as our silent witness, we emptied our souls to each other. He grieved, and I knew some small part of him still retained a flicker of hope, but that flame was growing smaller and weaker as the weeks passed. My hope had faded too. I tended her for one reason, the child in her belly. 
The child—the perfect, growing child, who knew nothing of this world we shared. A child like which I would never bear, would never feel kicking me from the inside. I lived this pregnancy through my sister and secretly relished every moment. I had dreams of being her, feeling that pitch and roll of movement inside me, talking to the child, knowing the child as my blood, my own.
Rowan knew my pain, though we never spoke of it. He seemed to understand the ache of my stolen motherhood—the desire and torment that had wound themselves together within my heart. He knew, and he understood. 
“Ember,” he said, we had been silent for some time, the only sounds the slow rhythmic breathing of three souls. “How will this end?”
His question echoed the thoughts that had coursed through my mind since it began.
“I don’t know, Rowan. I wish I did, but I don’t.”
“What if they both die?”
I didn’t want to think about that. I had already lost my sister, she existed only as a shell, wasting before me—the thought of losing the child too was horrifying. 
“They might,” I said honestly. There was so much that could go wrong, so many obstacles to face as a pregnant woman. It was no accident that the leading cause of death in women up until the last century or so was childbirth. It was hard and painful and fraught with complications, even when it involved a willing and able participant. Harlow was neither. 
“Best case, her body knows what to do; the contractions could force the baby out without much trouble.”
I tried to be hopeful, but I had delivered many babies—most successfully—in the caves, but there we those that haunted me. Births never went as planned, any mother could attest to that, but the end goal was always the same for every woman who felt that first tightening contraction, a healthy child.
There was an innate sense of sacrifice in a birthing room, they gave it all for that one goal, and it pained me when I couldn’t give it to them. Not all births went as planned, not all children were given the chance to live, even when their mother had given everything she had left. 
“It would be easier if she was awake,” I said, stating the obvious. Everything about this ordeal would have been easier if Harlow was awake. “I have no way of understanding how she’s feeling, or what’s happening if she can’t tell me.”
Rowan nodded, his face dark and sullen.
“What if her body doesn’t do what it’s supposed to?” he asked.
I sighed. I didn’t want to say the words out loud, but I knew I had to say what he needed to understand.
“Then we do what we need to do to save the baby.”
He nodded. 
“Can we save the baby?”
I nodded. “Yes,” I said. “I think we can.”
But we’d need help.


I WAS ALONE WITH HARLOW days later when I heard Rowan enter the room and without looking toward the door I instantly felt the presence of another. It disrupted the feeling I had grown so used to in this room.
“Ember, I brought Torren.”
Rowan had heard my words, even though I had left them unspoken. We wouldn’t be able to do this alone. He had turned to the one person he knew that might be able to help. Torren had mentored under Elias for years. He and Rowan were the same age, born only a few years before the frozen days began, toddlers when they entered the caves. They remembered nothing of the outside, now both of them were men, one married to a woman who would likely never wake and the other deserted by his betrothed. 
“Rowan, why didn’t you tell me earlier?”
I could see the gears working in his mind as he digested what he saw. 
“We couldn’t, you know how the community would react as well as we do,” said Rowan.
Sickness could not be accepted, the community could suffer. Strict guidelines must be maintained at all costs for the good of the community.
“I know, Rowan, but you could have trusted me.”
“I couldn’t trust anyone, not then, but I trust you now, or I wouldn’t have brought you.”
Torren didn’t respond to his friend, but glanced at me.
“Ember, how is the child?”
“Well, as far as I can tell. It’s healthy; I can feel that, with a good strong heartbeat.”
“How much longer?”
“It’s hard to say, the baby hasn’t yet flipped, but based on the dates Rowan told me, she should be ready any day.”
I had watched carefully for any signs of readiness, and hadn’t seen any yet, though everything could change in the blink of an eye. I had begged out of my work assignments for the next few days to be on the safe side. If the baby didn’t flip, we had significantly fewer options, so I needed to watch.
Torren nodded slowly. He too could see the gravity of the situation, and provided he could be trusted, we did need him. We needed him to know so he could mentally prepare to do the one thing that I wasn’t trained to do. We needed his surgical skill.
I didn’t need to tell him to keep the secret for us. Elias was a member of the council, and he would be duty-bound to tell them what was happening. Torren had a similar obligation, but I knew that if he meant to tell, he would have gone already. 
He pulled his stethoscope from his lab coat pocket and moved toward Harlow. I stepped back, standing with Rowan near the door. We kept it closed all the time, with a curtain hastily tacked up over the small window. It was stifling normally, but the addition of a fourth person made it even more so. Worry was heavy in the air as Torren examined Harlow.
“The baby is strong,” he said, more to himself than to us. “But her heartbeat is weak and irregular.” 
I had noticed the same thing, we were losing my sister.
“It needs to happen soon.”
“It will,” I said, sounding more confident than I felt.
Torren stood and stepped back, watching Harlow sleep. He turned and placed his hand on Rowan’s shoulder. 
“Find me as soon as anything changes.”
Rowan nodded. 
Torren had no words of hope or encouragement, and even if he had, they would have rung empty in this room where any hope for Harlow had died long ago. We all knew there was little chance of her ever waking up. Our only hopes rested on the child. The child would survive. The child must survive.

Thirty-seven



“No, Harlow, not yet,” I muttered quietly—desperately—rising to my knees beside her.
Her sudden involuntary movement had wakened me from my bed on the floor. I had taken to sleeping in the room with her, so valuable seconds wouldn’t be wasted if she began her labors. Rowan woke from where he slept on the floor beside me. 
“Is it time?” he asked.
“I think so.” Harlow was still, but I could feel the stiffness in her belly. 
I swore under my breath. The baby hadn’t flipped. Its head wasn’t down where it needed to be, though it was no longer up where it had been either.
I swore again.
“What?” asked Rowan in a worried whisper.
“It’s transverse,” I said. “The baby is lying sideways. I need to try to turn it. Rowan, hold her, this is going to hurt and I don’t know what she might do.”
He did as I said, his arms around her shoulders, his head next to hers. He didn’t talk to her, I noticed. His eyes were on my hands. 
I felt around, planning my movements. I wouldn’t have many shots at this. I would need to get it right.
Harlow’s body tensed again under my hands and she groaned softly. 
“There isn’t much time between the contractions,” I said to Rowan, “She’s going too fast.”
I needed to turn the baby.
I used all my strength, and pressed down, angling my pressure in hopes of forcing the baby into the right position. Harlow cried out—a strange, guttural sound that cut through the quiet. It was the middle of the night, everyone in the rooms around us around us was sleeping. I felt the motion under my hands and smiled in relief. 
“Did it turn?”
I nodded, smiling.
Harlow arched her back and groaned again. Harlow’s bed was wet, her water had broken and her sheets and nightgown were pink with diluted blood and amniotic fluid. My smile faded as I glanced at Rowan, my eyes filled with worry.
“Get Torren.”
He went immediately. 
They were back before Harlow could have another contraction. Torren’s hair was fuzzy from sleep, and his clothes were hastily donned, but there was nothing sleepy about his demeanor. 
“We need to get her to the clinic,” he said, his voice quiet but stern and commanding.
I knew better than to question him. We needed to get her to medical supplies as fast as we could. The two men picked her tiny frame up as another contraction racked her body. Her head lolled back as they carried her between them. I followed them through the halls, watching as her golden curls dangled and bounced beneath her unsupported head. My sister, my golden sister, so unaware of how perfect her life was, being hauled unceremoniously through the dark hallways—a shell of her, carried only for the life she held inside.
The lights in the clinic were on, they always were. One never knew when there would be an emergency. Torren purposely ignored the red button on the door frame that would trigger a siren, alerting Elias and other medics of a need for them. 
They lifted Harlow effortlessly onto a cot, the bottom of her nightgown was soaked through. Torren went to work, scrubbing his hands, while instructing Rowan to collect any instruments and supplies he might need. Harlow moaned louder and twisted her body alone on the cot, nearly knocking herself off. I kicked off my shoes and went to her. I pulled her into a sitting position and lifted the head of the bed behind her, then, hitching up my long skirt, I climbed onto the bed behind her, straddling her writhing frame with my legs and pulling her body back against my chest as she tensed with another painful wave. I grasped her pale hands in mine pulling both of our arms to the space between her breast and belly, supporting her and binding her at the same time.
“Rowan,” I called. “Push up her knees and hold her feet.”
Together we moved Harlow into a position resembling the one that women used to give birth. Other positions made for easier labors, but would be impossible with the limp, lifeless body we held. We had to make do with what we had.
The contractions came now, one on top of the other, without a break in between. From my position I couldn’t check her dilation and I cursed myself for not doing it earlier. If she was dilated, she would need to start pushing, but how we could make this listless form push was beyond me. I hoped nature would kick in, and she would just do it naturally, but I couldn’t be sure. 
“Ember,” said Rowan, “There’s a lot of blood.”
Torren ran over from where he was, pulling gloves over his hands.
“She’s not dilating, and she’s losing blood.”
I probably wasn’t alone in the feeling that time had slowed down in the clinic. Torren and I stared at each other, while Rowan’s face moved from one to the other. We all knew what needed to happen, but which one of us would be the one to make the call? 
Seconds stretched in silence, until I heard my voice, unbidden and unconscious. 
“Save the child.”
Torren went to work, he sent Rowan to pull a tank from the corner of the room, and told him what buttons to press to release the gas through the clear plastic mask he handed me. I pressed the mask over Harlow’s nose and mouth. I could feel the difference almost instantly, her body relaxed and pressed back against mine, the contractions still noticeable but calmer and less arduous. 
Torren pulled her legs flat against the bed and lifted her nightgown. I was holding Harlow, one arm across her chest, pressing the mask to her face. 
“Rowan,” I said, “You don’t have to stay.”
He was standing alone, hands empty, moving nervously, unable to take his eyes off the spectacle before him. There was so much blood against the white sheets in the bright white room. I saw his face pale as Torren pulled the scalpel along Harlow’s belly.
“I can’t go,” he said. “I can’t leave.”
I reached my arm to him, he came to me, wrapping his arms around my chest and leaning his head on my shoulder. I wrapped my free arm around the back of his head, holding him close to me, whispering encouragement to him as I held them both. 
Torren was skilled and worked quickly, but I heard him muttering and cursing. 
“What is going on in here?”
We all heard the voice at the same time. Elias stood by the door. I don’t know how he ended up in the clinic, but there he was, alone, in the middle of the night, taking in the people and blood and Torren working hard over Harlow’s comatose body.
“We’re saving a child,” said Torren tersely, focused on his work.
“Why didn’t you call me?” Elias said as he moved to the sink to scrub his hands.
No one answered. No one needed to.
Rowan and I held each other tightly as the two men worked, freeing the child from the shell of its mother. Their hands were red with blood, and I could feel Harlow fading in my arms. I only hoped it wasn’t too late. 
I pressed my eyes together and tightened my grip on Rowan. He was shaking from the tension and shock of it all. He himself had been on this table, under the life-saving hands of Elias and Torren, but it was different to be a bystander. 
They pulled the child from Harlow’s belly and as he gave his first cry, I felt the life drain from her, as if she too had held on, waiting for that cry, and was now finally letting go. 
One life in exchange for another.
Rowan helped me off the bed and together we laid Harlow down, her hair spilling across the white sheets of the raised bed. Her face was serene, almost angelic in the white, sterile room. Torren stitched her up as we went to see the baby, Rowan’s son. Elias was cleaning him up on another cot, wiping the blood from his face with a wet cloth as he screamed—good, healthy screams. 
“It’s a boy,” Rowan said in awe, his voice no more than a whisper. 
I nodded. He was a boy, and he was beautiful. 
“I’ll name him Micah; Harlow told me she loved that name, before…” 
“It’s perfect.”
My nephew wiggled and kicked on the bed until Elias was finished, Rowan standing over him, admiring his son. He had his mother’s curls, and her icy blue eyes, but he was big and strong, and would someday grow up to be a good man like his father.
Rowan reached out his hand and touched the tiny hand with the tip of his finger. 
“He’s so small. So perfect.”
He had tears in his eyes. So did I.
Elias stepped back and I wrapped up the tiny child in a blanket, a warm bundle of life. I held him for a second, just enough, and reached out to place him in his father’s arms. Rowan recoiled.
“I’ll do something wrong.”
I smiled and moved forward again. Every muscle in my body resisted giving up the child, but as I gave Micah to his father, I knew, I just knew it wouldn’t be the last time I held him. This child was mine too. I may not have borne him, or built him, I may not have been there when he was created, but I loved him with the love that only a mother could. I needed him as much as he needed me, and together we would figure this out.
Rowan glowed in the light of his newborn son. I turned to help Torren and I felt his hand on my shoulder pulling me back to him. He enveloped me in his long arms, Micah between us, holding us all together.
“Thank you Ember,” he said, a whisper in my ear. Tears fell from his eyes and mingled with my own, and he kissed me, no more than a light touch on the side of my face, the corner of my eye, but he lingered there, breathing in the scent of my hair and the feel of us together in his arms. 
We were going to be ok. 
From the comfort of our embrace, I opened my eyes and came across another quiet moment. Elias was sitting on a stool beside the bed where Harlow lay, the blood was gone and a clean white sheet rested over her still body. His elbows were on the mattress beside her and his head rested in his hands. My heart broke when I saw the tears in his eyes. From the tiny circle of Harlow and Rowan’s room, I had nearly forgotten, he too had lost. Leona had been missing for almost eight months. Torren had his hands on the older man’s shoulders, squeezing them. Tears glistened in his eyes too.
I knew their pain, as well as I knew my own. 
Spring was coming, and we needed to find her.

Thirty-eight



“Are you sure he’s going to be ok?”
I nodded. It was the third time we’d had this conversation.
“Risa has three children of her own, and plenty of milk for Micah too, he’ll be fine.”
Risa had been feeding Micah since he was born. Harlow was gone and we had no other way to feed him. As my mother had nursed Leona, this woman would care for Harlow’s son. It would only be a few days anyway, they’d told me, perhaps a week, and then we would be back.
Elias had a hunch as to Leona’s whereabouts, but didn’t elaborate. If she hadn’t made it there, it was unlikely she would have survived. He said little, but I could see the pain on his face when he thought about it. His jaw was set as we made the arrangements to leave. It would be a small party, just Torren, Elias, Rowan and I. We would take the horses and ride out, hopefully to find Leona alive, and if not, to at least offer some degree of closure to those left behind.
I had insisted on going, despite Rowan’s protests to the contrary. It was dangerous, he said, but I was unyielding. I had lost a man before, and whatever feelings existed between Rowan and I, I refused to stand in the shadows and silently watch him leave too.
“But, Micah,” he’d said. “We can’t leave him alone.”
“He won’t be alone,” I said, though I knew he wasn’t talking about the week we would be gone. The danger of leaving the caves was very real, and there was a good chance we would run into problems, but I couldn’t sit here and wait for him. If there was something I could do to help, I had to try.
Leona was the only sister, real or not, that I had left, and we would bring her home. Elias had agreed with me, his voice of command overruling Rowan’s. 
“We may need her,” he said.
We left the following morning. The sun was shining and though it was still chilly I could see the telltale glisten of melting snow. Spring was nearly here, and soon the icicles would start forming as water dripped from the roofs of the prison. We rode in silence, cantering in single file. My cloak flew behind me in the wind and I relished every breath of cool, clean air. It had been a long time since I left the dark, musty air of the caves, and it felt freeing to be outside in the sunlight. Elias led the way, with Torren behind him, Rowan brought up the rear, with me in front of him. We were well prepared with food and supplies. Elias had a rifle slung over his shoulder, hanging across his back. I hadn’t seen a gun in a long time. They were rarely used and ammunition was obsessively conserved in the caves. Boys were taught how to use them, but were trained more heavily in weapons that could be replenished, or were reusable—spears, knives and archery. Torren didn’t have any weapons visible, but I knew of his knife skills, he was likely wearing half a dozen of them, tucked into his clothing and his boots. Rowan had a longbow and a quiver of arrows; he was one of the caves’ best archers. There was only one person that I knew of who rivaled his skill—Leona. 
We rode all day, until my legs ached from holding onto the horse and my backside was bruised and sore. We got off the horses and built a fire. It was a big fire, bigger than I assumed we’d make out here. It would keep away the animals yes, but I had visions of Rowan, an arrow through him. Wild animals might be scared away by fire, but there we those who would be drawn to it. I didn’t say anything, however, and no one else mentioned it. Torren left while we made camp and came back with a few rabbits to supplement our bread and hard sausage. He made quick work of skinning them, and before we had all sat down, they were sizzling and popping on spits over the fire, a mouth-watering scent filling the camp.
“How are we going to find them?” asked Torren.
Elias shrugged. “We’re not.”
The two words answered all my questions. We were bringing them to us, the camp, the fire, the display of weapons; it was all designed to draw someone to us, someone who may know the whereabouts of Leona. 
We didn’t need to wait long. Before we unrolled our sleeping bags and went to bed, I heard the whistle of an arrow pierce the silent night.
Elias swore. A long shaft with feathers was embedded into his bicep. Torren and Rowan rose to their feet. Torren pulled a knife from the small of his back, while Rowan notched an arrow and pulled his bowstring back.
I went to Elias, and checked his wound. 
“It’s nothing,” he said through his teeth. “They just wanted to get our attention. If they had meant to kill me, I would be dead already.”
I pulled the arrow from his skin and hastily tied a bandage of plain cotton to stop any excessive bleeding. He hissed as I tightened it around his arm, but then he stood up, waved to the younger men to drop their weapons, and spoke loudly to the trees. 
“We need to see Asari, we are no threat to you.”
Nothing happened. The dark woods were silent except for the crackling of the fire. It cast an eerie glow on the circle of trees around us, fading into black the farther from fire one looked. I watched the trees for some signal, some understanding of whomever it was that had shot Elias from the cover of the silent black woods. My eyes darted through the trees, seeing nothing, until I noticed a figure standing among them, and another, and another. They were all women, warmly dressed in buckskins and moccasins. They all held weapons, though none of them were aimed or ready. They stood eerily silent in the dim light of the fire, the golden glow dancing across their faces. 
I gasped when I looked more closely at their faces. They were heavily and beautifully tattooed, but I knew instantly why Elias hadn’t been against bringing me. Their tattoos, while striking, intimidating and beautiful, mirrored the one on my own face. These women were like me. I had never known another one with the same markings. Theirs were ornately covered and concealed, but they were as obvious to me as mine would be to them. I pulled the hood back from my face.
They surrounded us entirely. Rowan and Torren moved to lift their weapons again, but Elias cautioned against it. 
“Take us to Asari, we mean you no harm.”
“But what about the harm we mean you?”
I had expected a female voice, and was shocked when the voice that answered Elias was distinctly male.
“Hello Dax,” said Elias.
“I told you not to come back.”
“I know.”
“I told you what would happen if you did.”
“I know.”
“And now you expect something different?”
Elias shook his head. “I want to see my daughter.”
Dax laughed.
“Your daughter?”
Elias ignored him.
“I need to see her, do you have her?”
Dax strolled near the fire. He was close to Elias’ age, his hair mainly silver. He was dressed similarly to the other women, and he too was tattooed, but differently than the women. He had a thick band of black markings around his neck. There were other markings on his face. I couldn’t make them out well, but the way the light danced on his skin, they looked like long scars on his cheeks, three of them on each side. 
“I need to see her, Dax, that’s all. I need to know she’s ok.”
“She’s fine, Elias.”
“Take us to your camp, I want to speak with her, I want to speak with Asari. I have a proposal for her.”
Dax was intrigued. 
“Why would I do that?”
“Because you know your sister, and you answer to her.”
Dax bristled. 
“You’ve been her right-hand-man since you were born, Dax,” Elias continued. “She wouldn’t be happy to hear you killed us out here without even finding out what we wanted to tell her.”
“Nova is mine, Elias, and so is Leona.”
I hadn’t heard that name in years. 
Elias nodded sadly. 
“I know.”
Dax didn’t say anything else, but turned and walked from the camp. The women in the trees followed him. I glanced at Elias, his eyes were closed, his face a picture of anguish. He took a deep breath and opened his eyes. We were all looking at him.
“We follow,” he said, nodding in the direction our visitors had gone. “And please, forgive me my folly.”
A tight knot formed in my gut as we grabbed a few of our necessities and scrambled onto the horses. We left the fire burning brightly and followed the strangers into the night.


WE RODE SLOWLY. THE moon was out and bright enough that we could see their footprints in the snow. They were large and unusually shaped. Snowshoes. We held back, never coming close to the ones who were leading us, but rather following the trail they left, like breadcrumbs in the forest. I didn’t doubt that there were others following us silently, to keep track of our whereabouts and listen to our conversation, but we didn’t say anything.
I had a sinking feeling we were marching to our deaths and for a moment my face burned hot with tears, thinking of Micah. I pushed them back and wiped my eyes before anyone could see. 
Dawn broke as we rode, the thin sliver of pink on the horizon spreading into the dark sky, chasing away the dark. The sun was still low in the trees when we stopped. Dax and the women had surrounded us again.
“Leave your horses,” he said. “We go from here on foot.”
I followed the lead of the men around us, sliding down from my horse. 
A woman approached. She eyed me suspiciously, taking note of the thin dark line on my face, and before I had a chance to say anything, she reached out and pulled a sack over my face. I could hear the muffled protests from the men around me, as we all met the same fate. I felt my hands being bound together and then in turn to my waist. Then, I felt a long rope was threaded through the one at my waist, around my wrists, and farther, presumably to one of my fellow prisoners. I heard Torren protest something and assumed they were searching him for weapons.
“We can knock you out, if you’d prefer,” said Dax, “But then your friends would need to drag you with us. It’s probably easier if you all can walk.”
“Just listen to him, Torren,” said Elias. 
“Yes, Torren, listen to your elders,” Dax said, his voice smug.
I felt the rope tug and we were off. I wasn’t at the end of the rope, I could tell by the tugging behind me, but I didn’t know if it was one of my companions or one of my captors that held the other end. 
We walked. To where, and to what fate, I had no idea.

Thirty-nine

Leona

I woke up that morning the same way I had woken up every morning for the last four months, curled into the strong and capable arms of the father of my child. We were still guarded and imprisoned, but we had been offered more concessions now that I was with child. Extra meals were brought to our hut, along with hot water to wash. They no longer allowed Buck out of the hut to bathe, but we both washed regularly. It was a dream to be clean, and I was glad not to have to let Buck go, even for that short time. We both preferred to stay together; there was less chance one of us would get into trouble. I had started to regain my balance, but now the bulge I carried had thrown that off again. I could stand, and walk slowly, and each day it was getting better, but each day my belly grew heavier and more aches and pains sprung up in different places. 
I was visibly pregnant now; even the bulkiest of sweaters couldn’t hide my changing shape. I knew there were only a few more months of peace before I would give birth and begin a new chapter of pain, but for now, I merely prayed the days would slip by slowly, and that I would not waste them.
“How are you feeling?” Buck asked as he kissed my cheek. He asked every day, multiple times. 
“Fat, slow, achy,” I said.
“So, fabulous?”
I smiled. “Pretty much.”
I didn’t want to get out of bed, but Nova was coming today. She came somewhat regularly now, to check on me and the baby. I knew she was the healer in the tribe, but I think she came more than necessary, knowing this child was to be her first grandchild.
“Help me up,” I said, and Buck pushed me from behind as he lay on the furs. 
“That’s helpful.” I said, dripping with sarcasm.
“Maybe we can just get some kind of pulley system in here,” he said. “I’m exhausted from all this heavy lifting.”
“Poor thing… are you getting tired?”
He winked at me and sat up behind me, wrapping his arms around me and pulling me back onto his lap. He turned my chin toward him.
“Yeah, but it’s worth it, I guess.”
He kissed my lips before I could protest. 
Any rebuttal I had melted away as I delighted in his embrace and kissed him back.
“Am I interrupting?”
I hadn’t heard Nova enter. I turned toward her, my face sheepish. I had been caught kissing by my mother. It still didn’t seem real, any of it.
“Good morning Nova,” Buck said, smirking. “May I take a moment and compliment you on your brilliant work creating this stunning being?”
“You can,” she said, “But I don’t think I can take much credit for her.”
Her words saddened me. Like her, I wouldn’t be able to take any credit for what this child grew up to be. I did my best to push those feelings away.
Nova did her routine checks, while chatting amicably with Buck. I stared at the roof of the hut while she pressed my belly to check the baby’s position. It had started to move a few weeks ago, so I wasn’t too worried. I knew by its kicks and flips that it was healthy and strong. 
When she was finished and packing up her belongings, Buck helped me back up to a sitting position.
Nova started to leave, and then turned back.
“I have something I wanted to give you,” she said. “I should have given it to you a long time ago, and I’m not sure why I didn’t.”
She reached into her pocket and slipped something small and hard into my hands. I knew what it was before I looked at it. The stone from Harlow, the one she had painted a dandelion on. My eyes filled with tears. I missed my friend, every day I wondered after her. Nova stood to leave again.
“Wait,” I said, “I have something to ask you.”
This question had been burning in my heart for months, but I had never found the courage to ask. 
“Why did you do it?” I asked, pulling up the sleeve of my shirt and fingering the hummingbird.
“Why did I make the serum? I told you that,” Nova said.
“No, why did you make something that causes women to become submissive.”
She inhaled sharply.
“What?”
“My friend, Harlow, the one who gave me this, she got the serum before me, and it changed her. I lost her, the girl I know disappeared, and then… someone… told me it was because of the serum. It had been designed to make women submissive to their husbands. She was practically a zombie. Why would you make something like that?”
Nova had started shaking her head as I spoke.
“I didn’t make that,” she said, her voice wobbling, “I would never…”
“But you invented the serum.”
“I invented it, yes, but someone must have changed it… Elias…”
I bristled at his name.
“Why would he do that?”
Nova sighed. “I hurt him, Leona. I hurt him deeply by leaving. He came here once, to find me, you know?”
I shook my head.
“He said all sorts of nice things, about how we were meant for each other, and how the storm had proven that. He loved me and he wanted me to come back, come back to you.”
“And why didn’t you?”
“I couldn’t. Dax was the only man I had ever truly loved, and I was carrying Athena at the time. I couldn’t leave him, not again. I owed him that much. I cared for Elias, believe me, and I knew I had broken his heart. Dax and Asari threatened him, told him never to come back, or they’d kill him.”
“But what does this have to do with the serum?” I asked.
“Don’t you see? If he could have made me submissive to him, I never would have been able to leave, maybe he wanted to get back at women, or maybe he just didn’t want others to feel the pain he had.”
“But it never worked on me,” I said. “I never felt submissive to the man I was to marry.”
Nova thought for a moment. 
“I don’t really know what to tell you, but I’m sure he loved you… you look so much like I did at that age. Maybe, even though he couldn’t stand to lose you too, he didn’t want to force you into something that wouldn’t make you happy.” She paused, and then continued quietly. “He loved you like a father, Leona. Being a parent is a funny thing, you want to protect your child from every ill, from every scraped knee, but you know the day will come when you need to let them go, and when you do, you hope beyond words that you have prepared them enough.” 
Tears fell from my eyes.
“He wanted you to be happy, above all things, even if that meant you would leave him too. He probably didn’t give you whatever it was that he added to the serum. If it’s the way you describe it, he would have lost you in that moment, and knowing him, that scared him more than the possibility of someday losing you.”
I nodded and glanced down to the stone in my hands, running my fingers over the painted flower.
“Had he arranged a marriage for you?” Nova asked.
I nodded. 
“Did you love this boy?”
“No,” I said. “I think he loved me… but no.”
“That could be another reason. He gave you an out, do you see? He didn’t want to leave you stuck to someone you didn’t love.”
For the months I had been here I had been furious with him, for lying, for Harlow, for everything… so it was difficult to see him as a person who would sacrifice anything for me—who would think of me over his own ideas and agendas. I didn’t say anything as my mother stood and left the tent.
Buck pulled me into his lap again and held me without speaking. 
I cried until there were no tears left, and still I sat there, curled up in the arms of my fellow captive, my best friend. 

Forty

Ember

By the time we stopped again, my wrists were raw and red from rubbing against the rough twine. I had stumbled through the snow, sliding on the slick surface as the sun warmed and melted it. I was pretty sure Rowan had been tied up behind me; I had felt him push me gently from behind a few times as I struggled through our walk, encouraging me to keep going.
I dropped to my knees when we stopped, exhausted. 
“Get up, we’re not there yet.”
I pushed myself back up to my feet.
“We’re going to untie you and take you one at a time over the wall,” Dax said sternly. “If you try anything, we will shoot, and you will die. Understand?” 
I nodded under the sack that covered my face. I had little doubt the others were doing the same thing.
Untying us just meant relieving us of the rope that bound us together. They left our hands bound and our faces covered. I felt hands on my arms, pushing me forward and guiding me up a steep hill. I did as I was told and when the ground leveled out once more I felt a push from behind and found myself falling forward. My hands were still bound to my waist, so I had nothing to catch myself with, so I twisted my body and landed hard on my shoulder, rolling downwards with the slope of the hill. I came to a stop at the bottom and heard voices all around me. Someone rolled into me with a curse and a grunt. Torren. I could hear the others too, and a lot of other voices that whispered and laughed around us.
I was lifted to my feet, my ribs and shoulder throbbing, and pushed into a walk again. We were guided through crowds, voices that sneered and laughed at us, but we got to wherever it was that they wanted us to be and I felt myself pushed to my knees. Someone else dropped to their knees beside me, nearly landing in my lap. The sack was pulled from my head and I saw Rowan and Torren and Elias, all tied up around me. I squinted until my eyes readjusted to the bright sunlight. We were in the middle of a circle, a large one, surrounded by dozens of women. Some were armed, while others held baskets and pails of water, or children on their hips. We had interrupted life here, and they had stopped whatever they were doing to gather around us. There was a woman in front of us, standing just inside the circle. Dax stood directly behind her. I knew who she was, though I had only heard her name a few times, Asari, the one we came to see, the leader of this group. 
Her eyes were cold and looked at us each in turn. I saw her eyebrow rise when she saw my mark that would have looked much like hers before she added the decorative markings of her own. 
“Well, that’s interesting,” she said quietly to her brother.
“I thought you might think so.” 
Finally her gaze rested on Elias.
“Hello, Elias,” she said. “I thought we had an agreement.”
“Yes, Asari, I’m not here for Nova.”
“But perhaps another young auburn-haired girl?”
“I just want to see her, and make a proposal to you.”
“There’s nothing that you have that I need.”
“Of course there is, Asari, we’re all barely surviving here, and there’s no telling how long these days will last.”
“The snow is melting.”
Elias nodded, “For now, but the summers haven’t been long yet, and soon the days will grow shorter and it will freeze again. We can help each other.”
“I don’t need your help.”
Elias glanced over to where a young woman stood beside Dax. Her eyes were fiery and her fists clenched. 
“Your girl there, she has markings, but she’s too young, she can breed, yes?”
The girl stiffened at his intrusion.
Asari stared at Elias, not caring about the emotions rising from the girl behind her.
“She was born here.”
Elias nodded. Certainly he could see the similarities in looks and attitude between her and Dax. Other than him, I had yet to see another male. If this girl was born here she would certainly be his daughter.
“So?”
“I can give her my serum,” he said. “She will bear many children. I also have many men for her to marry back at the caves. We can help each other.”
“Can you offer that?” whispered Torren to Elias, “Have you spoken with the Shepherd?”
“I didn’t need to,” said Elias, “It had always been part of our plan to work with the other survivors, but until now we had met with resistance. They have no men here to marry their daughters. They need us now if they hope to survive.”
“So far, you are only offering, not asking, I notice.”
“All I want is to see my daughter.”
“Don’t call her that,” growled Dax.
Asari raised her hand to silence him.
“I raised her as my own, I want to make sure she is safe, and this young man beside me is her betrothed, he pines for her.”
Torren snorted slightly at the word “pines”, but hid it under a few coughs. I had watched Torren and Leona, he had always had feelings for her, but never more than a schoolboy’s crush. He hadn’t yet grown into a man, the kind who could love selflessly and deeply. I knew he thought he loved Leona, but more because he was in love with his dreams, his plans for the future, and less because he truly wanted to give himself to her. He wanted a wife, not a partner, not a soul mate. 
Asari watched him silently, her face giving no hint as to her thoughts. 
Elias was smart, he could marry off some of our men to the girls here who had few prospects, they would fall under the effects of the serum and they would be ours. Our communities would mix, and intermarry; there would be peace between us. There were many young girls here, and between our two groups, they could work together to reestablish a society once the frozen days were over.
“I brought some of my serum with me,” he said, “I can help you. They brought my bag, someone has it.”
His bag dropped to the ground beside us.
“And it will guarantee my niece will bear children?”
Elias nodded.
“Bring the girl.”
The voices murmured and whispered. I wasn’t able to discern what anyone was saying, but I could feel the energy of the crowd. It wasn’t angry, just intrigued. They feared nothing from us, and it was a source of entertainment for them, something to break up a mundane day. I could tell many of them were watching me, and I tried not to meet their eyes.
The crowd parted before us, and in walked Leona, guided by two women with spears. They pushed her into the circle and she cried out when she saw us. I nearly shouted when I saw her too, but buried my shock before the sound could make it from my mouth. She was pregnant, at least six months along. Her long skirt was hiked up over her belly and the round curve was obvious and firm. My mouth hanging open I turned to look at Elias and Torren, Elias was weeping and Torren had flushed a dark red. He was visibly trying to control his anger. 
“Father!” Leona blurted as she ran to him, causing Dax to fume behind Asari. Leona fell to her knees in front of him and buried her face in his neck. She narrowly missed grasping his arm where his bandage was.
“Are you ok?” she asked him, concerned.
“Yes,” he said. “I see much has changed since I saw you last.”
She nodded sheepishly and started to apologize.
“It’s not your fault, I know how it works here,” he whispered in her ear.
Tears fell from her eyes and she nodded back to him.
I was still confused by the relationship between Dax, Nova and Elias, and who it was that had impregnated Leona, but this wasn’t the time to ask. 
“Are you ok?” He whispered to her.
“Yes.”
She wiped the tears from her eyes and for the first time he noticed her missing fingers. He choked back a gasp. 
“What happened?”
She glanced at her hands, each missing at least one finger.
“Frostbite.”
“Oh, Leona,” 
“It’s ok,” she said “They healed. My mother took good care of me.”
He nodded. “I knew she would.”
She turned to Torren.
“Torren,” she whispered.
“Don’t talk to me, whore.”
I was taken aback by his cruel language. However cold and callous he tended to be, this outburst was unlike him. I heard snickers from the crowd around me and even Asari’s mask had cracked into a smile. She had been expecting that reaction.
“You don’t understand…” Leona started.
“I understand plenty.”
“Torren…” Elias said, warning in his voice. “This is not the time.”
“Oh, of course it is,” said Asari, eyes shining with the amusement of it all. “Come on, let it out, son. Tell us all what you really think!”
Torren clamped his mouth shut and fumed, his face red and furious.
Leona turned to me and Rowan.
“Harlow?” she asked.
Rowan dropped his head and I shook mine slowly. Our eyes filled with tears. We didn’t have to say any more. She knew. She bit her lip, but it couldn’t stop her tears from coming.
“The baby?”
“Safe,” I whispered. “A boy.”
She nodded, pushing back her emotions to deal with another time.
“I’ve had about enough of the family reunion,” said Asari. “Now we deal.”
Elias nodded.
“My niece, Athena, will marry your boy there,” she said, nodding at Torren.
“But Asari,” she said, protesting vehemently, “With all these people, how can you be sure we’re not related?”
Asari sniffed.
“Use your brain, child, he was going to marry your sister.”
She shrugged, her face changed instantly into a sickening pleasant look. Like how one would assume a snake would smile before biting your face. Apparently that was enough for her. It made sense, she didn’t have a whole lot of options, and Torren was easy on the eyes.
“Elias!” said Torren loudly, “I didn’t agree to this!”
Elias glared at him. “You don’t have a choice, it will mean peace.”
“I don’t care about peace.”
“Say that while looking Rowan in the eyes, these are the people who shot an arrow through his chest.” Elias was visibly angry, and spoke through gritted teeth. “Say that while looking at Leona, pregnant, not by choice, but by force. You will bring us peace, I will use the serum and you will bring children into the world to finalize it. You will do this for the good of the community.”
Torren’s eyes widened as he understood.
The serum.
Torren glanced back at Athena, she was beautiful, feisty, but that would change. She was the darker version of her sister, long-legged and firm-bodied. Her long thick hair hung braided down her back as she stood in a pose of defiance. He raised his eyebrows and thought of the possibilities.
Leona rolled her eyes at me.
“Elias!” 
The voice came from behind us, one I hadn’t heard for many years, but recognized instantly.
“Nova.” He spoke without turning. His eyes closed as she walked into the circle, a white wolf following her closely, circling her legs protectively. Before she made it all the way to him, I saw a glint from the corner of my eye and almost instantly a trickle of blood poured from Elias’ lips, a bone-handled knife buried deep in his chest. 
Leona screamed as he fell, Nova rushed to him and glared at Asari, but she hadn’t moved. 
Dax smiled a wicked smile.
“I made him a promise when I saw him last, and I keep my promises.”
Nova spat at him.
“Oh, don’t quarrel with me, love.” He winked at her, “You know I always come out on top.”
Nova turned from him and stroked Elias’ face while the red in the snow spread in a circle around him. 
“I never thanked you,” she said. “You saved my life.”
“Pity you couldn’t return the favor,” Elias sputtered. “I’ll always love you, Nova, and you Leona.”
“The serum you brought, is it yours or mine?” asked Nova quietly.
“Mine.” 
Nova nodded with some hidden understanding. “I’ll use it once, only once, and after that, I’ll use mine.”
“Torren knows where it is.”
Leona wept over her father, and Nova kissed him gently as his eyes grew blank and glassy. 
Nova stood slowly and walked to Dax. She slapped him across the face.
The crowd was loving this. They had their blood, and now some drama. 
“You didn’t have to do that,” she said.
“Oh, but I did. He took you from me once, and it wasn’t going to happen again.”
“You arrogant pig!” Nova sputtered. “And I left him once, and would again. I never loved him, Dax, only you! Always you!”
He sighed and his shoulders dropped.
“I couldn’t take the chance,” he said, defeated. “I couldn’t lose you again.”
“You wouldn’t,” Nova insisted, her fierce anger lessening and sounding more like pity. “It’s you and me, forever, no one else. If you trusted me you would have known that you didn’t have to kill him.”
“This is heartwarming,” said Asari, who had circled around behind Nova. “But you’re forgetting all about me.”
She pulled Nova backwards toward her and pressed a knife to her throat.
“Asari!” Dax shouted while Nova’s eyes bulged. The wolf growled and snapped at Asari, who kicked it in the face.
“Make one move and she dies.”
“She’s my wife!”
“And I’m your sister. I brought her here to make you happy, but I can’t have you in alliance against me.”
“We’re not against you, Asari,” Nova croaked. “We’ve done everything you asked, everything and more.”
“I know,” Asari said. “And now there is nothing left for you to do. Your time has run its course, Nova.”
“You still need me,” she said, with desperation. “I can inject the serum into Athena. She can marry the boy and we will have peace.”
Asari shrugged. “Need is a very strong word. I’m sure there’s someone else who can manage, but I might not get this opportunity again.”
I heard a scream from behind me and turned to look. An arrow whizzed past my head and there, behind me was a vision of my past. Orion stood, notching a second arrow into the longbow he held, the first implanted deep in Asari’s neck. 
Everything went black.

Forty-one

Leona

I saw Asari fall, releasing my mother as blood poured from the arrow wound in her neck. Ember fainted beside me at the sight of Buck and the crowd buzzed. Some pulled out weapons, but weren’t sure of their enemy, while others turned to run. No one knew quite what to do. 
Buck ran to me, dropping his bow.
He gathered me in his arms and kissed my hair.
“I was so worried,” he whispered.
“Orion?” I hear Torren speak beside me.
Orion was his brother, I remembered the writing on the wall in the sanctuary.
“Hello Torren. You sure grew up.”
I looked from Torren to Buck in disbelief. Buck was smiling while Torren was glaring at his brother.
“You?” he said, “My own brother betrayed me?”
Buck turned back to me, speaking low and quiet. “What is he talking about?”
I blushed a deep red. “Torren and I were engaged when I left the caves.”
“I see,” whispered Buck, “so, he’d be kind of pissed at me for that belly of yours?”
I nodded.
Buck stood to face his brother.
“Untie me,” growled Torren.
Buck helped his brother out of his ropes. No sooner was Torren free than he swung his fist, connecting with Buck’s jaw. Buck stumbled back and Torren shook his hand.
“I’ll give you that one little brother, for whatever honor you think I’ve stolen, but if you hit me again…”
“You deserve one more,” said Torren. “For Ember.”
“For Ember?” I asked.
“Of course,” said Torren, “He ran off and left her.”
I turned to Buck, or Orion, or whatever his name was. I remembered the story Torren had told me in the sanctuary, a time that seemed so very long ago. I was having difficulty reconciling the Orion on the wall to this man I had shared so much with.
“It was a long time ago,” he said, “I was trying to find a place for us to live together, and as you can tell my plan didn’t work out so well for me, and I’m a different person than I was when I left her.”
“You should have told me who you were.”
“What good would it have done me to tell you? I had no hope of ever making it out of here. They would have killed me. She probably thought I was dead, and got over me by now.”
I looked over. Ember was stirring in Rowan’s arms. He was gently stroking her hair.
Her eyes fluttered open and landed on Orion.
“Hi,” she said, letting Rowan help her to a sitting position.
“Hi.”
Her eyes darted between Orion and me. I couldn’t force myself to meet her gaze.
“Do you want me to punch him?” asked Torren, “I will.”
“Simmer down, brother; I can punch you back you know.”
“Stop,” said Ember. “I’m not angry, just shocked.”
“I tried, Ember, I really thought they would take us in, but I was wrong. Asari didn’t need another barren woman, and she wouldn’t let me go.”
He choked back a sob.
“I tried for a while, to get back,” he said, “But after a while, and a whole lot of beatings, I gave up. I knew you’d be better off thinking I was dead. I was a monster; they had taken everything good in me. Even if I made it back to you, I wasn’t the same man who left you. You deserved so much more.”
“And Leona?”
“She’s seen me at my worst,” he said, pausing to turn his eyes toward me, “and somehow, I don’t know why, she still loves me. Or at least, I think she does.”
I nodded, tears in my eyes. “I do, I do love you Buck… Orion?”
He shook his head. “Orion is dead. He died a long time ago.”
I turned to Ember and noticed someone had untied their hands and Rowan had her hand in his.
They told me about Harlow, briefly. I could see the deep bond that had grown through their shared pain, even without them having to tell me. I could understand it completely. 
“Attention, everyone!”
I heard Dax’s voice boom out over the crowd. He, Nova and Athena had been talking, and now they all stood together. 
“We have come to a consensus,” he said. “We will honor the deal Asari made with Elias, even in the event of their deaths. We will make peace with the Shepherd, and marry our children together. We will exist together until the frozen days are over and then we will work together to build a new society.”
Torren broke off his murderous glare at Buck and looked to Athena, who, for the first time I had ever seen, looked far from defiant, even radiant. Torren was a handsome man, younger than his brother, but still older than her, strong and good looking. They would make a fine match, especially if Nova used my father’s serum. As much as I detested the use of any mind-altering serums, for some reason I didn’t care so much when it came to Athena.
I snorted, unable to help myself, but then composed myself.
“What?” whispered Buck.
“I’ll tell you later.”
He shrugged. 
Now Nova spoke, loud, across the assembled crowd. “Asari is dead, and we have assumed leadership of this tribe. The days of fear and blind obedience are over. We release our prisoners and call them our allies. We will marry our daughters to their sons, and begin anew.”
She held her hand out to Dax, who took it firmly, and they stood together. Nova held her hand out to Torren, he joined them and all four of them embraced. 
Buck pulled me to him, lifted me from my feet and kissed me. I melted into his embrace.
“We’re freed, Princess. You gonna run?”
“Only if you come with me.”
Buck smiled, and the baby inside me kicked him in the stomach. He laughed
“I’m good with that.”

Epilogue



“Why did you do it, Orion?” I asked, laying a blanket over the tiny person that we had made. Arys was three weeks old now, and the aches and pains of childbirth and the lack of sleep were starting to ease up. I was beginning to feel like myself again.
We had left the camp the day after peace was established, and as soon as we left the grounds we had automatically begun calling each other by our given names. Without discussing it, we left the past in that empty hut. 
Torren had given his brother his horse, and chose to stay at the camp with Athena, for a few days, seeing as how she was suddenly much more accommodating. He and Nova, being the only two left with medical experience, would share the responsibility of maintaining health at both the camp and the caves. I rode Elias’ horse and together we followed Ember and Rowan back to the caves. 
“What did I do now?” he asked, rolling over on his bed. Sometimes I slept beside Arys, when he was particularly fussy, but most times I preferred to squeeze myself into the bed beside Orion, curled into him to sleep under his strong heavy arm.
Somehow with Orion at my side, the caves seemed less stifling. We had married quickly after returning, and Ember and Rowan followed in our footsteps a few months later, three days after Arys was born. I had watched with tears in my eyes as they married, Rowan holding little Micah as they said their vows. He was beautiful, and looked so much like his mother that it broke my heart. Life wasn’t the same without Harlow. 
“Asari.” I said simply. We hadn’t talked about that day before. I wasn’t sure if it had just affected us so much that we didn’t know what to say, or if we had truly just moved on from the experience and it no longer mattered. 
Orion sighed. 
“I’ve been thinking about that too,” he said softly. “It all happened so fast that I’m not sure I thought about it while doing it, but now…”
“I know,” I said, stroking the face of my son, our son. He had changed everything. Before Arys made his entrance into the world, I too was content to forget, but somehow seeing his perfect face had brought everything back, the hurts, the pain, the love. I felt as if we owed him the truth—he needed to know his story someday, and in order to give him that, we needed to know it first.
“I think I did it for you,” Orion said, “But not for the reasons you might think.”
Orion had saved my mother with his actions, and freed all of us in the same moment. That in itself was reason enough to kill Asari, but I needed to hear it from him.
He sat up on the bed, his back against the wall and his long legs stretching out in front of him. He still wore his buckskin pants, but he had started wearing the homespun tunics and hand-knit sweaters that were common in the caves. I walked to him and he pulled me onto his lap. I rested my head on his shoulder and we both sat in silence for a moment, watching as Arys’ chest moved with the deep, heavy breaths of sleep.
“I planned Asari’s death more times than I can count,” he said, “and every time it was the same, long, torturous, satisfying. It’s what she deserved.”
It was what she deserved. She had tortured Orion for years, and I know he still relived the pain of what he had done to women in that hut, knowing that there was no other option for him, and even less for them. He would always be remembered as a monster, even though the alternatives for everyone were worse. He had broken down when we left the camp, and was nearly inconsolable on the ride home. When he wasn’t silent and angry, I could see his shoulders shaking from behind as he silently wept on his horse. There were no physical wounds that could rival that kind of pain. 
Many nights I held him as he shouted in his sleep and trembled beneath my hands—every ounce of his strength that had gotten me through my own time in the hut was gone. But I would give him my strength in those moments, as he had given me his, and slowly it got better.
“I could have left her alive, I could have spent the rest of my life making hers as miserable as I could. I wanted to, with every muscle in my body. I wanted to make her pay.”
“So why did you kill her?” I asked.
“Oh Leona,” he said. It still gave me a tiny thrill to hear him use my name. “If I hadn’t killed her right then, she would have won. She would have succeeded in making me into a monster. I couldn’t do that to you—not to you, or Arys.”
A tear fell from his eye and slid slowly down the edge of his nose until it paused at his upper lip. I lifted my hand to wipe it away. He took my hand from his face and held it firmly against his chest. I could feel his heart beating beneath our hands.
“I wouldn’t let it happen. Asari needed to die so that I could live my life and be the kind of person who deserved someone like you.”
A sob choked me and tears began to well in my eyes.
“You saved me, Orion. You saved my mother, my baby, you saved us all.”
He shook his head, pulling me toward him and enveloping me inside the brawny fortress of his arms.
“No Leona,” he said, breathing into my hair as I cried on his shoulder. “You saved me.”


I STOOD IN THE sanctuary, my fingers tracing the lines of the name Delta Jade Parsons, the woman my father had told me was my mother. It wasn’t, I had come to understand, but she was still kind of like a grandmother to me—mother to the man who raised me, kept me safe and eventually died rescuing me.  After many months I had come to an understanding of why he had lied to me—why he couldn’t be truthful with me about the true identity of my mother. He was angry. He was hurt. He knew that if I had known she might be out there somewhere I might leave to find her. He said she was dead in a desperate attempt to keep me close to him, to hold onto some small part of her. It was a gamble for him, but it didn’t quite work out the way he had planned. 
I had spent a lot of time in this room, grieving. Whatever Elias was to everyone else, he was a father to me.  Dax may be my father by blood by I hadn’t yet figured out how to reconcile the two.  Before we left, Nova had asked that I give Dax a chance.  He and Elias had such a difficult history, that she said I shouldn’t judge him based on his rash horrible actions in the camp that day.  I didn’t know if it was possible to forgive him.  She loved him, that I knew, and I had begun to forgive her.  Perhaps if I could forgive her for leaving me, I could forgive him too, but I knew I wasn’t quite ready yet.
Right now wasn’t the time to think about Dax, it was time to remember my father. Slowly I pulled a freshly sharpened pencil from the pocket of my sweater and carefully wrote his name beside his mother’s. Elias Parsons. A tear slid down my face as I laid my hand gently over his name. 
“Oh, sorry. I can come back.”
I heard a voice at the door. Wiping my eyes I turned to see Ember standing, silhouetted in the doorway, her eyes catching the flickering light of the candle. Love and motherhood had done wonders for her. She was no longer the hurt and angry girl, skulking around in the shadows of the caves. She had blossomed into a woman who had found her calling.
She was happy.
I smiled.
“No, Ember. Come in,” I said. “I don’t need, or want to be alone.”
She came to stand beside me and she noticed why I had come.
“He was a good man,” she said, almost in a whisper.
I nodded. Words wouldn’t come.
“I’ve always known about this place,” she said, “But I could never make myself come. I think I had too much sadness inside me to be able to reconcile all this too.”
She waved her hand at the walls, the hundreds upon hundreds of names.
“We were lucky,” she said. “I didn’t get that before, but now I do.”
“We were,” I said. “We are.”
She nodded and even in the dim glow of the candlelight, I could see tears glistening in her eyes, ready to overflow. She too had a pencil in her hand. Rowan had added Harlow’s name  shortly before he and Ember wed, so I assumed she had come to add something to her sister’s memorial, and asked as much.
Ember took a deep breath and shook her head.
“I want to add my sister.” 
I didn’t expect her to say more, but she did.
“This whole time being here, I haven’t wanted to grieve for her. I couldn’t. She’s gone, and I need to accept that. I need to honor her for the person she was to me.”
I reached out to grasp her hand in my damaged one as tears began to flow down her cheeks. I stood with her, holding her as she wrote. 
Rhea Scarlett Maier
We stood there in the dark and let ourselves cry, let the solemn angst of the sanctuary wash over us. 
We were.
We are.
We will be.

Acknowledgements


There were many people who helped me bring the Hummingbird to life and deserve my heartfelt thanks.

To John, (whose typical indifference to fiction guarantees my space as his favorite fiction writer of all time) thank you for keeping my feet on the ground and tolerating me when my head is in the clouds. Also, I married a freakishly good copy editor. I love you.

To Audrey Plew, my favorite and most reliable soundboard. Thank you for your steady lists of interesting names, and for neglecting your fingernails to grip a frosty fence in blisteringly cold temperatures. 

Thank you to Jen Kroeker and Karen Scott for being the first to really get hooked on this book. I appreciate your input and the boost your enthusiasm gave me to keep moving, right when I needed it.

To all my readers, Heidi Gollub, Marissa Knight, Anna McCarthy, Shayna Murray, Nancy Paschke, Bonnie Reimer and Jordan Treder. Thank you all for your input and for making time in your busy lives to read for me! Special thanks to Marissa for a keen eye and attention to detail, picking out all those typos that I just couldn’t see. Without you, flips would be switching all over the place!

And of course, to all my family and friends who supported and encouraged me to follow my dreams. Aren’t you proud of me? I wrote a book instead of buying a cow.

Watch for upcoming books by Jessica Gollub, including: 


The Song of the Sisters
Ember’s older sister Rhea disappeared before the frozen days, and found herself held captive by some of the richest and most powerful people in the world. 



To find out more, check out Jessica online:

On Twitter: @GollubJessica
On Facebook: www.facebook.com/Jessica.Gollub.Author




