

The Deep State Interchange


A Last Generation Story



Michael HH Warren
Xabiso Vili


© Michael ‘Double-H’ Warren and Xabiso Vili 2021
www.michaelhhwarren.com
www.sleightsoccer.com

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission from the author. Brief excerpts may be cited in book reviews, provided the narrative quoted is verbatim and due credit is given by way of the book title and name of author.

Cover Digital Art: ISSI_ISSA
Book design: Leila Summers
Editor: Kathy Bosman
Storyline Advisor and Editor: Ross Julius Henshall

Paperback ISBN: 9798549895874


Contents
Author's Note
Chapter One: Detroit
Chapter Two: The Elevator
Chapter Three: Renzu's Ridiculous Robotic Reposity
Chapter Four: The Hover Jet Massacre
Chapter Five: Project Telepath
Chapter Six: Paradise Rift
Chapter Seven: The Deep State Interchange
Acknowledgements

Dedication
To Gen Z: Who fights a war on a new battlefield

Author’s Note
Set against a backdrop of a physical and digital lock-down, The Deep State Interchange begins to question how far governments can extend their power. Is the restriction of the citizen’s movements humane and just, especially when the citizens aren’t given all the information to decide for themselves? In this segmented section of Herbie Hunter’s world, we meet Jack and Bean. They start to ask, who really controls the government and if it can be trusted explicitly? New friends are made and trust is lost and found as unseen forces guide and pursue our heroes. 

The Deep State Interchange examines just how deeply humans and society can be controlled and what happens when they begin to fight back, to band together under the banner of truth and work towards reclaiming their freedoms. We also discover just how far those in power will go to maintain their dominance. Jack and Bean have to make decisions that compromise their souls and choose between a greater good or their own personal battles.

The forces of evil have built a stronghold and worked their way into the deepest pockets of power. Jack and Bean discover what Herbie already knows, the depths of which was unbeknownst to any of them. There is only so much they can do alone; it is only by working together that they can make sense of the true goals that hold them captive and upend these dark motivations. The stakes have never been higher for our new heroes nor for Herbie and his friends. At least they’ll have each other as they take on a seemingly insurmountable bastion of control and power.

Michael HH Warren and Xabiso Vili
June 2021
Chapter One
Detroit
Jack

If the sun was setting, Jack wouldn’t know. Between the glaring blue light of his monitor screaming into his retinas and the fact that he was on the third floor of one of many of the surrounding twenty-story apartment blocks polluting the skyline, the coming and going of natural light had little impact on his day-to-day.
Like most of his neighbors, Jack didn’t need to be reminded that he lived in a hastily refurbished slum in Detroit. Any stranger walking down his street would think the apartment blocks were still abandoned, never realizing they were neo-refugee camps for foreigners that had been unfortunate enough to be in the country when the borders closed.
Not that he wanted to look out the window anyway. Not that outside meant anything to him anymore. The sun and moon could trade places until the light of the universe had simmered and sunk into eternal darkness, and quite frankly, he’d struggle to care. Life was inside now, and as far as Jack was concerned, that was just fine.
He did, however, have a timekeeper of sorts, much to his dismay—and it was running into his bedroom.
“Jack, Jack!” Mathilda, Jack’s twelve-year-old sister kicked open his door like a one-girl SWAT team raiding his room. “It’s here!”
Despite the commotion, he failed to turn away from the screen. “Yes, Mattie, it comes every day.”
She ran over to him, exploding with an exaggerated excitement if only to goad some sort of reaction out of him. “But only once a day! It’s my favorite part of the day! I’m sure you’ll agree?”
He stretched his back, his bones cracking like an old man’s, despite him only being seventeen. Still, he didn’t turn to her. “It’s not like we’re having one for dinner, so why get so excited?”
Mathilda pushed his arm, begging him to properly acknowledge her. “But it’s fun to watch. You and Pappa have become so boring. You two weren’t like this in Copenhagen.”
The mention of his home was enough to jolt him out of his hypnosis. He finally looked her in the eye.
However, it wasn’t the acknowledgment that Mathilda had been seeking. It wasn’t the loving gaze he’d given her when he’d chased her around the garden, pretending to be a great monster while she, the brave hero, tried to find a way to defeat him. He remembered sitting beside her stuffed animals, at a plastic table on a chair, far too small for him, and sipping tea.
“I spoke to Mamma today.” Mathilda smiled at him. “She said she would send money soon, and maybe then, one of the blackbirds will deliver something tasty to our window.”
“They’re drones, Mattie”—Jack shook his head—“not blackbirds. You know that. You’re not a child anymore. You need to stop playing these silly games.”
She rolled her eyes and walked over to the window, getting down on her haunches and peering through the glass to the street below. “They look like blackbirds to me. Magical blackbirds that bring presents to the lucky few. Soon, we’ll be one of them.”
“Even if Mamma did send money, we wouldn’t waste it on such an indulgence.” Jack sighed, wanting to turn back to his laptop.
But he couldn’t. The life and joy radiating from her was a flame to his moth eyes. It begged his heart to feel something, but his jail-warden mind refused to let such emotions run wild. Feeling something meant feeling all things, and that was a pain he was not prepared to bear.
“Come see, come see,” she called to him, eyes fixed on the road, hand stretched out toward him, urging him to join her.
He didn’t. He stayed seated on the unyielding, chipped-paint chair that he’d layered with his bed pillows to soften its hard seat. It didn’t seem to bother her; she was there for the show, and he in turn would watch her enjoy it.
From his angle, he could see the auto-driver parked in the middle of the intersection. It was no ordinary auto-driver, though, but rather a strange hybrid between truck and car, its load twenty automated pizza ovens with twenty drones perched on top—the Porta Pizza.
“I can smell them cooking.” Mathilda licked her lips as she rested her head on the windowsill. “Who do you think is ordering them?”
“Fools and imbeciles,” Jack remarked, rolling his eyes. “Anyone who has to live in these slums should be saving every cent they have to live somewhere else, not wasting their money on lining a mega-corp’s pockets in exchange for melted cheese on bread.”
“And pepperoni.” Mathilda stuck her head farther out of the window, probably to catch a whiff of the rich scents of melting mozzarella and baked crust. “But I shouldn’t be surprised that you don’t get it.”
Jack had once been admired by his parents for his seemingly limitless patience with his sister—but that was another Jack, the hopeful teen from Copenhagen. “Don’t you dare act like you’re smarter than me. I’m reminded every day of how foolish you are. Don’t mistake my silence for acceptance.”
This time it was Mathilda who refused to turn around to lock eyes.
“It’s not a matter of intelligence,” she whispered, her head half out the window, “it’s a matter of appreciation. Something small like pizza makes you appreciate the life we have. No brains needed. Only heart.”
As though the drones had been waiting on her command, they began launching off the Porta Pizza, steaming cardboard squares protecting the cheesy prizes in their clutches.
“There they go!” Mathilda squealed with joy as they burst into the air like a flock of crows.
Jack couldn’t take his eyes off his sister. “You’re only setting yourself up for disappointment. Why invest so much of yourself into something you’ll never have?”
Mathilda leaned farther out the window as though she were trying to escape her brother’s words. “You know what, Jack?” she called out to the drones. “I think you need a pizza more than anyone else in the whole world.”
He became infuriated but decided it wasn’t worth his time or energy to feed such things. Spinning his chair around, he faced the blue light of his monitor once more and refreshed his social feed. But he couldn’t let it go.
“Maybe I do,” he yelled at the screen, “but I’ll probably never have a slice again, so who cares?”
“That’s what you think.” Mathilda smiled passionately, reaching as far out the window as possible. “Today, you’re getting pizza!”
It took Jack a moment to process what she was implying, but by the time he turned around, it was too late. A delivery drone was shooting right past his window, just in reach of his sister’s clutches.
“Mathilda! No!” he cried, leaping from his chair to pull his sister back inside.
But she was determined to prove him wrong and would stop at nothing now. She lurched forward, grabbing at the pizza box just inches from her fingers.
And then she screamed—a scream that barely lasted a second—a blood-curdling scream that would ink itself into Jack’s mind and leave a permanent tattoo. By the time he was at the window, she was already on the ground.
He looked down at the street and saw his sister lying there, face-up, a perfect halo of blood around her head.
***
In the early days of quarantine, hospitals quickly became known as glorified graveyards. The living avoided them at all cost and would have to have a good excuse to be at one in the first place. The sick were taken there by auto-ambulances, and paramedics did their work remotely from the safety of their homes, using medical robots as their hands and eyes.
Nobody wanted to be near the sick. Ever since the announcement of this new virus, a deep fear had sunk into the core of America. Jack’s neighbors had given themselves over to the hysteria. They peeked from their blinds, waiting for anyone to exhibit signs of the slightest sickness. A cough or a sneeze could spark a witch hunt.
Detroit was considered a failure of a city, but one thing it was efficient at was getting people off the streets—living or dead. Jack had watched the auto-ambulance scoop his sister up off the sidewalk like a piece of roadkill and cart her off to the clinic before he had been given the chance to come out of shock—before he had even told his father.
It was only the third floor, Jack, he told himself. She’s alive. She’ll live. It’ll all be fine. Go tell Papa.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been staring down at the street, replaying the words in his head over and over—it could have been five minutes or an hour. It was only when he heard his father’s phone ringing in the other room that time seemed to start moving again.
Mathilda had left his bedroom door open, and the sound of his father waking from one of his many daily naps to answer the call echoed freely into Jack’s ears.
“No, you must be mistaken; she’s just in the other room,” Jack heard his father say.
He could hear the twang of rusted mattress springs releasing his father’s weight and then the thump of his footsteps, slowly, slowly, making their way down the short hallway—a giant waking from its slumber to the smell of a Danishman’s blood.
Johan had never been a slight man, but in his past life in Copenhagen, he had been strict with his exercise regimen and kept his body toned and muscular. Although he had initially done his best to stay in shape whilst locked up in the apartment, his will had quickly buckled. His muscles disintegrated, and the empty spaces they left were filled with thick layers of fat that grew, one on top of the other, a new coat every week until the rolls poured over his hips, cascaded from his arms, and crammed in between his neck and chin.
The fat collected on his chest pressed down on his heart and lungs and imbued him with a characteristic wheeze whenever he tried to do anything that wasn’t lying down. That wheeze entered the room before he did and rang in Jack’s ears as he stood shaking, fingers still gripped to the window frame.
“Uwhuuu-heee, Jakob.” Johan struggled, though he took the time to use Jack’s full name to convey his concern. “Where is … uwhuuu-heee … your sister?”
Jack finally released his grip on the windowsill, his white knuckles cracking as he stretched them out. He turned to his father and let his tear-stained face speak for him.
The little color that had stuck to Johan’s complexion faded in an instant as he realized that the nurse on the other end of the call had correctly identified his daughter. Johan collapsed in on himself, landing with a thump that echoed through the entire third story of the apartment block, sending a visible shudder through the drywall. He still had his cell phone in his hand, a static voice on the other end calling out, “Sir! Sir!”
“Uwhuuu-heee …” Johan wheezed before bringing the phone to his ear. “Do whatever you must. I will pay the bill.”
Jack watched as his father robotically answered the necessary questions and agreed to the necessary payments before finally dropping the phone on the floor beside him, the expression on his face barely shifting, his lips only shivering to form his words.
Johan stared at his son silently before letting his gaze collapse alongside him.
Finally, Jack found the bravery to speak. “Is she alive?”
The question seemed to be the final blow to Johan’s will, causing him to fall backward with another thump and stare up the ceiling. “She is. For now.”
“For now!” Jack cried. “How can you say such a thing!”
“We’re all alive … uwhuuu-heee … for now,” Johan explained.
Jack was snapping; he could feel it. His jaw began to spasm from gritting his teeth for too long, and his knuckles were as white as a collapsing star as he gripped onto his hair. “What did they say? What sort of state is she in?”
“Uwhuuu-heee … she should make a full recovery … uwhuuu-heee … but we won’t,” he wheezed, the first gurgle of tears now scratching his throat. “If I can cover the bill … it will take every cent we have. We will have no money for food … uwhuuu-heee … for at least two weeks. She will live uwhuuu-heee … but we all will starve.”
Jack collapsed into his chair and stared across the room at what his father had become and his stomach churned. After all his father had gorged lately, he would survive with less food for a while.
This man—this glutton, Jack thought, his daughter is lying in hospital, and all he can concern himself with is how he can gorge himself with food another day. If he had any sense of self-control, the pantries would probably still be full.
“There must be something we can do.” Jack did his best not to snarl—he was smart enough to know that there was no problem so bad that you couldn’t make it worse, and now was not the time to make things worse.
“Uwhuuu-heee … help me up,” Johan beckoned, reaching his sausage-link arm toward his son and beckoning him closer.
Jack shook his head with irritation before taking the few steps necessary to cross the room and reaching for his father’s hand. With a mighty heave that knocked the wind out of him, he managed to get Johan sitting up straight.
Jack’s father looked at him, and then across the room. Jack followed his gaze to make out what he was looking at—the laptop. The laptop was all Jack had left from his previous life in Copenhagen, the only real reminder of who he used to be. It was a powerful machine with full VR functionality, and though it was a few years old now, the parts alone could fetch a handsome price.
“You know what you must do, Jakob,” Johan wheezed as he stared desperately at his son. “You should have been watching your sister. If you had been, we wouldn’t be in this situation.”
Jack let the words burn into his heart. He wanted to yell, to lose his temper, to blame his father for doing nothing but eating and sleeping all day and putting all the responsibility on him.
But there’s no problem so bad you can’t make it worse, he told himself.
He clenched his eyes closed and nodded painfully to his father.
“You will take it to … uwhuuu-heee … the market,” Johan wheezed.
Jack’s eyes burst open. “The market?”
“It’s that or starve.” Johan nodded. “Go as soon as the shadows can hide you. Get a good price for your machine, and then maybe, we shall survive.”
***
Bean

The cabin of an air-taxi can be a lonely place, Bean realized. Flying between skyscrapers, spires, and antennas, with nothing but an AI pilot as company, lost its novelty after the tenth, twentieth, hundredth trip. Anything could be a cage once you’d decided you’re stuck in it.
But Bean was quickly realizing that this trip was different, a trip like none other she’d ever experienced, not really a trip at all—an adventure. The air-taxi had taken off from the Milwaukee safehouse. The journey had started off as always—launching into the air—this time, flying over Lake Michigan which was now a dwindling puddle, but the scenery always followed the same sequence. The country quickly transformed into a wasteland, one emaciated forest, another emaciated town, and then the desolate dystopia of locked-down cities disappearing beneath her. It was only when she reached for her phone, as a means of entertainment to kill the time, that she realized that something was … different.
A notification came through—a network connection inviting her in. Not something too unusual by most standards, but the network’s name caught her attention: Not Your Daddy’s Network. She chuckled lightly to herself at first, just as her finger was priming to swipe it away, but then something sparked.
Not MY daddy’s network? she pondered.
And ponder-worthy it was because Bean’s father was the leader of the free world—President Robert Raison.
There’s no way they could know that it’s me, she thought as her finger dared to authorize the connection. It would take every supercomputer on Earth, working at once, to backtrack my identity through all the proxies, firewalls, and VPNs Dad’s IT team has set up.
The taste of something different and exciting sat on the tip of her tongue, and she could feel her stomach rumble for it. Her finger seemed to act on its own, her eyes watching like inert spectators to the play, and she was not one to interrupt an inspired performance.
As her finger pressed down on the network, her phone developed a mind of its own. The operating system faded to black—a spurt of panic shooting through her brain as she wondered if she’d just handed herself over to hackers. And then a goose appeared.
A golden goose, in fact, animated and altogether silly, waddling across her screen to a rhythm only it could hear, a smile across its face that no goose before it had ever worn. She couldn’t help but smile back at it.
But its joyous facade faded quickly as it turned to face her, its animated goose shoulders dropping in despair as it said out loud through the phone’s speaker, “I’m stuck in here,” subtitles of its speech appearing at the bottom of the screen.
She couldn’t help but empathize with it. “I’m stuck out here, Golden Goose.”
Without skipping a beat, the goose replied, “We can help each other get out.”
Bean’s heart dropped. She felt her pulse in her ears.
“You can hear me, Golden Goose?” She gulped.
“I can,” it replied, its voice echoed in text at the bottom of the screen. “I’m a very smart goose. But a very sad one. I think you’re sad, too. It’s because we’re stuck—but I know a way out.”
Bean wanted out more than she wanted anything in the world. She had been moving from safehouse to safehouse for countless months, and even before that, since the day her father became president, she had been a prisoner. Sure, he had done the best he could to make her life as comfortable as possible, but not a day had gone by that she hadn’t wished to go back to her old life of anonymity when she was just Bean, not Bernice Raison, the president’s daughter.
It’s gotta be a trap of some sort, she thought to herself, staring at the text beneath the animated goose as it waited for her response.
But the promise of freedom was too much to simply disregard, and so, she probed deeper. “I’m in an air-taxi on my way to a safehouse, Golden Goose; there’s no way out for me. I’m sorry, I don’t think I can help.”
The goose gave her a cheeky wink. “Promise me, if I get you out and keep you safe, you’ll help me?”
Bean shook her head. “It’s not possible—” 
“Promise me,” the goose insisted.
Bean let out a deep sigh, her heartbeat irregular, her mind simultaneously vexed with concern and primed with the possibility of adventure.
“How can I trust you? You’re just a digital goose that’s taken over my smartphone,” she replied.
“Because I need you, Bean,” the goose replied. “I’m in a bad place right now and you’re the only person who can help me. Well, you and your pops.”
Now things were getting out of hand. The goose knew too much. Bean knew she was in danger.
“Don’t be scared,” the goose continued, as though it were reading her thoughts. “As you said, I’m just a digital goose; I can’t hurt you. I can’t make you do anything that you don’t want to do. But there is something you have to know. They’re lying to your dad—they’ve been lying to him for months. The whole reason for this lockdown”—the goose paused and dropped its digital head down—“it has nothing to do with a disease. The truth is so much worse, and I have all the proof you’ll ever need. If you’ll help me, I’ll show you, and together, we can show the world and bring an end to all of this.”
Bean fell back in her seat as the gravity of the situation took hold. A layer of sweat had collected on her forehead. She tried to catch her breath. Despite the panic and fear coursing through her veins, a strange sense of relief helped calm her.
She had been suspicious of the lockdown since it was suddenly announced nearly a year ago. It had all seemed to have come out of nowhere. The news on streams didn’t seem to add up with the evidence in front of her, and all the confirmation she could get from her father was a deep and eroding fear that the wrong move could mean the death of millions.
“What’s an adventure without the stakes?” the goose insisted. “And I promise, the moment you want out, I’ll get you straight back to your safehouse. You have to trust me. My friends … the country … the world is relying on me to get this message to your old man. If you’ll help me, I’ll be set free and you’ll have the adventure of a lifetime.”
“I’ll do it,” Bean found herself blurting out, “but you need to tell me what’s happening.”
The goose nodded. “In time, Bean, you have my word, but our window of opportunity is shrinking by the second. We need to get you out of this air-taxi right away.”
“But how?” Bean asked, looking around at her flying jail cell.
A sneaky smile crossed the goose’s beak. “This goose can fly.”
Bean’s seatbelt suddenly undid itself. The air-taxi began to slow, dropping out of the cloudy reaches of the darkening sky until it was skimming just above the roofs of apartment blocks and factories.
“If I bring this thing to a complete stop, an alarm is going to go off, and the secret service is going to be on us like flies on a syrupy stack of pancakes,” the goose informed her. “It’s hardwired into the circuitry, so there’s nothing I can do to bypass it.”
The air-taxi’s scissor-style doors opened, something that shouldn’t be possible while the vehicle was moving.
“You’re going to have to jump,” the goose stated solemnly. “I’ll slow down as much as possible, but you’ll need to handle the safe landing on your own.”
“But I’m in the middle of Detroit!” Bean argued. “Where do I go from here?”
The Golden Goose became visibly nervous. “Thirty seconds, then my control over the air-taxi will be noticed. We’ll figure out how to get you where you need to go once you’re on the ground. Don’t worry, I’ll be with you. But right now, you have to—”
Bean jumped.
***
Jack

Jack had never been to the midnight market before—in fact, he wasn’t sure if it even truly existed. It was an idea that had passed from apartment block to apartment block: strangers coming to the door and asking for electronic scrap to sell at some mysterious exchange nearby, or a peddler pushing one hundred percent real beef for an absurd price in the hallways, citing his sources as a mysterious market in the area.
His father had squeezed any information he could out of these traveling salesmen—you just had to listen out near midnight. It was more a matter of traders fighting the fear of the virus and finding each other in the darkness than an established event, and if you had something in need of finding or selling, your street smarts would have to be your ticket in.
Avoiding street surveillance and monitor-drones would make a good portion of such street smarts, as a market of any sort was strictly forbidden under the laws of lockdown, let alone one taking place far past curfew. A solid knowledge of street-cam blind spots and surveillance-drone patrol routes would be as important as an anti-flash hoodie and bandana. 
Jack had none of these things. He did, however, know of the interconnected service tunnels that ran through the basements of every apartment block in a three-mile radius, and that seemed like the best place to start. 
***
Jack crawled through the damp service tunnel beneath his apartment building. He had accessed it by sneaking out to the side of his building, to get to a hidden alleyway, and then squeezing himself through a small grate in the floor that he had left propped open with a piece of plywood he had found lying around. 
He had heard the surveillance drones issuing warnings about the curfew as their bright searchlights zoomed past the dilapidated apartments.
He checked that his laptop was firmly placed into his browning backpack and secured his clunky flashlight into the side pocket. 
The backpack was stiff from use and the zippers slightly rusted from the journey across the ocean to this hellish sanctuary—he pushed thoughts of Copenhagen to the back of his mind.
They brought the image of Mathilda with them, and he couldn’t have those emotions fogging up his mind. He needed, now more than ever, to be focused.
Once we get through this, he thought to himself, you can order any pizza you like.
The tunnels were what remained of an almost forgotten rail system. Once, they used to cart humans from place to place; now, they were home to auto-repair bots that made sure the foundations of this crumbling city remained intact.
Jack’s flashlight flickered and barely let off any light as he felt his way through the underground rail system. It was from an older generation and still ran on lithium batteries. He wasn’t sure just how much power they still had left. He had been stumbling in the dark for over half an hour and couldn’t tell how close he was to the exit. 
If I stay down here any longer, I might completely miss the market. As he was worrying about the time, he saw a searchlight suddenly appear round a corner, ahead of him.
His heart dropped to the bottom of his stomach and his veins slowly froze over. It was a surveillance bot. If it found him in these tunnels, there would be no explaining what exactly he was doing here. At the beginning of the lockdown, the homeless, that had occupied the underground, had been moved to abandoned factory spaces on the outskirts of the city. There weren’t meant to be any humans scratching about in this underbelly.
He quickly switched off his stuttering torch and tried to crawl beneath a concrete platform that had once been used for repairing any railway electrical short circuits. In this corner of darkness, he clutched onto himself and his precious laptop, as he tried to control his breathing.
The searchlight was getting closer, but it wasn’t panning from left to right as the surveillance drones normally did. Instead, it was moving steadily along on a straight line. Jack felt a flicker of hope; if this drone was malfunctioning, he stood a chance of being able to either avoid it or disable it. If he was going to disable it, he would need the right tools. The searchlight got closer, then he saw it.
Between him and the drone lay a heavy-looking pipe—just the tool he was looking for. If he hurried, he could get to it before the drone, but if he made too much noise, the drone would certainly notice him. Malfunctioning or not, given enough warning, the drone could issue a distress signal to any monitor drones in the vicinity, and they could be here within three minutes.
Jack’s only options were to wait here, in his corner, and hope he wouldn’t be found, or go for it and take destiny into his own hands.
Now or never, he repeated to himself as he edged along the walls, closer and closer to the searchlight.
Jack gripped the pipe and steadied himself. It was heavier than he had expected, so it was bound to make quick work of the surveillance drone. Crouching, he hugged the wall and waited for the searchlight to get closer. It trundled along on its straight path, not deviating and getting closer to him. Jack was poised and ready to strike when the searchlight slid right up next to him. 
In a split moment, he tensed his muscles and swung with all his might at the searchlight. He hit it head-on, but the surveillance drone didn’t drop to the ground. Instead, it tilted, and he heard a screech coming from the railway. There was a thunderous crash, and Jack fumbled for his torchlight. It was not what a surveillance drone was meant to sound like when knocked down—too heavy, too loud. 
He managed to switch on the flickering, ancient light and swung it out across the collapsed mass. It was an auto-repair bot. Rusted and lumbering, it had been completely unhinged from its railings. Jack let out a relieved sigh mixed with a chuckle. It didn’t last long. Though not a surveillance drone, it was still connected to a monitored system. Someone would undoubtedly notice that this bot was offline and send a search team. Not only could he not use this route to come back, but he had to get out of here now before he was found hovering over a disabled bot.
***
Bean

Bean hit the rooftop hard. She tucked her body into itself and rolled, for what felt like an eternity, before landing, splayed, on her back. Winded, she took this moment to catch her breath and felt the musty air playing in her lungs. She sat up and saw that during the tumble, she had let go of her phone. She creaked back onto her feet and looked around her while stretching out her body. She saw the glimmer of her screen a couple of feet behind her. 
“You better not be broken,” she admonished the phone as she walked to pick it up.
Though the screen had a crack that wasn’t there before, the Golden Goose could still be seen, smiling up at her.
“It’ll take more than a little tumble to break me.” The Golden Goose giggled, a sound that reminded Bean of wind chimes. “Come on, let’s go. We don’t have much time.” Bean wasn’t sure if the goose ruffled its digital feathers out of a sense of urgency. “There should be a doorway to your right.”
Bean turned to her right and spotted the rickety door the goose was talking about. She clutched her phone tightly and tugged the door open. On the other side was a steep set of stairs that she immediately started to descend.
“Mind rustling me up an elevator, Goose?” she asked as she took a break to catch her breath.
“Unfortunately, there aren’t too many working elevators in the slums”—the goose winked—“but you’re not that far off from the bottom.” 
Bean took a deep breath and rocketed down the stairs. She finally burst out of the stairwell into an empty hallway.
“Your air-taxi is going to be arriving at the safehouse soon.” The goose had a serious expression on its face. “We need to get you out of here before anyone notices you’re gone.”
“Then let’s go!” Bean was already hurtling toward the front door. She pushed herself out into the warm Detroit air and heard the door lock behind her.
“Though I appreciate your enthusiasm”—the Golden Goose looked slightly annoyed—“rushing out into the middle of a curfew-locked city isn’t good for either of us.”
Bean looked around her and tried to back up into the building she had just left. She had never seen anything like this before. All around her, buildings were crumbling, and the darkness was overwhelming with the occasional spotlight shining down into the corners. 
“Hey, trust this silly goose, Bean. I promised to keep you safe, didn’t I?” The Golden Goose hummed encouragingly. “The door behind you is locked; you’ll have to get to my people before you get caught in a monitor-drone’s sights.”
“And where exactly are your people?” Bean’s voice quaked.
“Oh, they’re stalking around. Just follow my instructions and you’ll get out of here unscathed.” 
The goose was smiling but looked uncertain or even preoccupied. This didn’t put Bean at ease—rather she was even more on edge. What had she been thinking, trusting a mobile app, or even worse, hackers in disguised as something innocent and sweet?
I have to get out of here, she thought as her heart raced, and, in a panic, she found herself bounding off into the darkness.
Her phone vibrated and dinged with notifications but without even realizing it, she was blind with fear and couldn’t begin to think about reading the imposter goose’s messages. She ran deeper into the city streets of Detroit, all the while looking for a searchlight. 
With the monitor-drone’s facial recognition software, it would be able to recognize her as Bernice Raison, the president’s daughter, and it would send special-service drones to come to pick her up. Granted, they would make quite a mess of things and she would have some explaining to do, but at least her foolish soirée into the slums would be over and she could get this Golden Goose app removed.
It was because of the sudden shift in emotions that she had failed to notice the three hulking figures playing cubes in the shadows alongside the road. In her haste, she tripped over them just as somebody rolled a snake venom, and she landed sprawled on her back for the second time that evening. She sat up, still holding onto her phone, but her spine turned to ice when she heard a menacing tone fight its way through labored breathing behind her.
“Well, well, well.” There was a deep, scraping exhale. “Lookie here, boys. Looks like we’ve got ourselves a cash cow.”
The figures pulled themselves up to their full height, their mountainous bodies rippling in the shadows. They moved menacingly toward Bean, and a pale light from a nearby LED board cast them in dim light and their faces were exaggerated in a horrible way.
They all had similar characteristics as if whatever biohacking, they were clearly involved in, exaggerated the same parts of their bodies. Apart from the shared overgrown muscles, their ears and noses were bulbous and their cheeks so scrunched that they almost had slits for eyes. Despite this cartoonish appearance, Bean noticed several scars crisscrossing their faces and bodies—these guys were serious outlaws.
Bean had a scream caught in her throat, but her phone pinged again. She looked down to see the Golden Goose flapping wildly. “Stall! Someone is on the way!”
Chapter Two
The Elevator
Jack

Jack enjoyed the breeze on his face—he walked down the familiar Cass Corridor which now looked foreign and menacing in the dark. Tall buildings loomed over him as if cackling down at his presence, and every so often, the windows would glint from reflecting the searchlight of a monitor drone. 
All the peddlers that his father had tried to get information from about the midnight market had said, “You’ve just gotta keep your ear to the ground.”
Jack lowered himself into the push-up position and listened to the dirty tar beneath him. He tried not to feel silly doing this by reminding himself that no one was watching. 
A moment passed … and another … and Jack wondered if he’d misinterpreted the clue. But the closer he listened, the more he realized he was hearing something. 
He couldn’t be certain but there was a distant bassline reverberating beneath him—a slow buzz or hum. He got up and looked around him. How had he not heard it when he was in the railway tunnels? He was standing on top of the midnight market.
I know exactly where it is. Jack ran toward Temple Street.
It wasn’t far off, and he knew which surveillance ports to avoid to get there.
The location had been well chosen because this wasn’t a heavily monitored area; the government had decided to leave the refugees to their own devices and had neglected this part of town.
He walked out in front of a giant building with exposed upper floors that housed gigantic nests of roof dwellers. Its shadow swayed eerily over him.
“The Masonic Temple,” Jack whispered in awe.
***
Jack listened to the slow ratcheting and clanking of the old-era gears as the elevator worked its way up to him.
When it finally reached him, he noticed how empty the ground floor was. Emptiness was a rarity in Lockdown Detroit. This city was filled with too many people for any abandoned building to remain unoccupied—especially because of the government’s bodies on the street policy, which turned any civilian without a permit into a potential threat.
Jack was distracted from his thoughts by the clanging of the elevator grates. They slowly rusted open, and an impish elevator operator appeared in a closet-sized contraption with ornate, red-discolored wooden panels, covered in peeling and faded varnish and a golden plaque with a lever to open and close the doors.
“Going … hiccup … up?” giggled the impish man, wearing a red penguin suit that matched the same discoloration of the entire temple.
Jack was about to respond but was thrown back by his pointed ears and yellowing eyes which seemed to match the fingers that were coiled around the elevator lever.
“I’m joking, of course. You can only go … hiccup … down from here.” He chortled in short bursts of restrained laughter that seemed to aggravate his hiccups.
“Yeah, down,” Jack said hesitantly as he sidled into the halfway closet.
“How far down?”
Jack felt affronted by the entire experience but steeled himself, trying not to look like an outsider.
“All the way,” he said confidently.
“Then hold on … hiccup … tight!” rattled the tiny frame of a man as the grates shut faster than they looked capable of doing and the elevator started screeching its way to the lower levels.
“Are you new to these parts? I only ask ‘cause … hiccup … we don’t get too many new faces round these times. Used to be new faces was all … hiccup … I saw, but now with the new laws and whatnot, new faces are as rare as fresh air.”
He clutched onto the elevator lever and shook in rhythm with the stuttering movements of his craft. 
“Anyway, the name’s Runt … hiccup … or Big R, if you please—what’s yours? Got mine from being the smallest, what Momma says … hiccup … I work the middle times. Midnight, midday, mid-Eiffel Tower—don’t know what that last part means, but it means something to somebody, right … hiccup … ” Runt cannoned into high-pitched laughter speckled with spasmodic breathing that seemed to ask for a response.
Jack struggled to keep up with the tumbling mess of words coming out of this pixie-sized man. The intermittent hiccupping made it even harder to find meaning in his monologue, and the reverberating bassline seemed to shake through the elevator. Luckily, he had caught the question about his name and thought this the easiest response to keep the lift rocketing floorward.
“Name’s Jack.” He tried to imitate the merchants that came by his house. “Just here to pawn my wares and head out.”
With that statement, Runt pulled his lever and brought the careening lift to an electric halt. If Jack hadn’t been holding tightly onto a hip-high railing that was slightly taller than Runt, he might have been flattened onto the grimy floor of the elevator.
“You’re a salesman?” Runt looked at Jack accusingly as the haphazard deathtrap dangled in the middle of nowhere.
Jack gave a cautious nod. 
“Well, why the … hiccup … didn’t you say so?” Runt pulled out a transfer cable from behind his lever and a calc-pad from his strange coat that seemed to merge with the elevator floor. Jack didn’t want to think of when last the coat had been oxy-cleaned.
The calc-pad was a fund-transfer machine used in lieu of a cash-card machine. Used by most hagglers, it allowed for a secure network for all transactions where the price wasn’t firmly set. 
It had access to all your personal data and required you to have a certain amount of skill to reach the best price for yourself. Many hagglers had been forced to pay hefty fines when they suddenly retreated from a transaction where the price wasn’t rising in their favor.
“I never … hiccup … get the good stuff!” Runt now sat fully cross-legged with a look of glee on his face that rivaled that of a child receiving a perma-gift.
Noting Jack’s confusion, Runt tried to persuade him. “If I like what you have … hiccup … I’ll give you a fair price. I didn’t know you were a salesman and that’s why I … hiccup … didn’t offer sooner. If you don’t like my price, I’ll link you to a fair vendor and take a … hiccup … minimal referral rate. Come on … hiccup … I need this!”
Jack wasn’t sure whether to trust him or not. The more excited he got, the more he hiccuped and the more words were lost in his tumbling stream. What other choice did he have? He was already far from home, without a plan to get back, and didn’t know what would happen if they discovered he wasn’t one of the merchants from his neighborhood. He made a decision that split his heart in two. Slowly pulling his backpack off, he tugged at his rusted zippers and dragged out his most valuable possession.
Runt’s eyes beamed. “Is-hiccup-is-hiccup-is … that a CyberD T9000?”
“It’s the T9000i,” Jack mumbled with a mixture of sadness and pride as he sank into the grime of the stuck-elevator floor.
Jack accepted the transfer cable and plugged it in as his laptop booted up. As soon as it was on, it requested access permission, and he brought his face closer to the screen for retina recognition. Newer models could determine login authenticity from weight and from touch sensors that could determine who you were from how you handled the device, but there was something about the cult classics that just kept tech-interaction visceral.
Once he was in, a dialogue box popped up, asking if he wanted to accept communication with Big R’s transfer port. He accepted it and watched as a series of dialogue boxes confirmed proof of ownership and current value.
“… Hiccup … this is in prime … hiccup … condition.” Runt whistled as he handed Jack the calc-pad cable.
Jack plugged that in, too, filling up his cable ports. All of this could have been done wirelessly, but the wireless space was always monitored. As a result, it was going to be the tricky part. Runt’s system, which seemed to be this entire grubby lift, had estimated a value for Jack’s meager rarity. Now, the calc-pad would be used to balance what Runt could afford as compared to what Jack needed.
“We’re both honest … hiccup … men”—Runt sneered as he punched in his numbers into the calc-pad—“so let’s make this … hiccup … a gentleman’s game.” He hiccuped maniacally as multiple folders showed warning signs on Jack’s screen.
But Jack was prepared; this is what he spent every day doing: redirecting numbers, cryptocurrencies, and probe-apps to slightly elevate his family’s worth. He immediately made it appear as though they lived slightly out of the slum radius and brought up his father’s old records so it would appear as though he was still employed and had work-travel permits. He almost stumbled in hiding his sister’s recent hospitalization but managed to make it appear as though she was still booked into an online class. 
Peeking up at Runt, Jack could tell he was getting frustrated. The calc-pad couldn’t find a weakness. Soaking in his victory, he looked back at his screen and was appalled to see it glitching, something it had never done before. Was Runt sending in a virus? But how was that possible? 
Fortunately, Jack could defend against a virus without losing a moment of momentum. Even as he tried to search for the virus, he watched his screen glitch into absolute black. And from a distant corner of his now-lost calc-balancing effort, he was certain he saw a small golden goose waddling hurriedly toward him.
Jack was beyond confused. Runt kept thumbing along on his calc-pad, but Jack wasn’t touching his sensor-keys. Instead, he stared at a worried face of a golden goose with subtext beneath it.
“Jack. I need your help.”
Jack hadn’t realized that geese could look worried.
“Jack, I need your help. NOW!”
Something about the all-caps shook Jack into urgency.
“What is this? What are you?” He typed, “Is this some kind of new lockdown security system?”
“I’ll explain everything, but now isn’t the time!” The goose moved its mouth as it spoke, but no sound was made—only subtitles displayed at the bottom of the screen. “We have a friend who’s just landed in your city, and she’s about to get into lots of trouble if you don’t help her.”
“What friend?” he asked genuinely, knowing that he hadn’t made a single one in his entire time in the slums.
“You’ll be friends soon.” The goose stared at Jack pleadingly. “Do this and I’ll make sure your sister makes it out of her ward.”
Jack felt the air leave his lungs, and everything slowed around him as he typed his response. “How?”
“Trust me, I’ll get you out of here,” the goose answered. “You just need to go now!” Jack unplugged Runt’s transfer cable and the calc-pad.
“Hey … hiccup … why’d you do that?”
It was a risky move as he could receive a fine which would be automatically transferred into the other user’s cash card. 
“Where’s my … hiccup … fine payout?”
It looked as if the Golden Goose had been true to its word. It had managed to block the transaction without fining his account. Not even the most skilled hackers, that Jack admired on the dark net, could accomplish such a feat. Jack, though, remained ever the skeptic. There was still a long way to go from blocking digital currency to accessing Big R’s personal system and getting him out of this elevator. 
“What kind of game are you playing at? I thought we decided to be gentlemen about this.” Runt was visibly upset; more noticeably, his hiccups disappeared the angrier he got.
“Look,” Jack tried to explain, “something’s come up and I have to get back above ground.”
“Not until I get what’s owed to me.” Runt was far more menacing without the hiccups. His entire demeanor had shifted so easily into a rumbling scowl, and there was a hardened darkness in his eyes only those that lived in the underground could develop.
“If you take me above ground, I’ll bring you something especially amazing next time.” Jack scraped his mind for anything to say that would calm Runt down, but nothing seemed to be working.
“That’s what Momma and my big bros always say, and I never get the good stuff!”
Runt became more and more infuriated with each passing moment.
Where are you, Goose? Jack was panicking. As though it had heard his thoughts, the elevator gave a jolt, threw Jack and Runt onto the ground, and started croaking its way upward again, away from the music that shook the lift. 
“What’s … hiccup … happening?” Runt screeched in alarm.
Runt was so taken aback that all his menace immediately deteriorated. He was now in a state of confusion and fright, allowing the return of his hiccups.
“I’m the only one linked … hiccup … to this lever-sensor during the middle times.” Runt wrenched the lever up and down with no response.
Jack breathed a small, momentary sigh of relief. The lift was digitally controlled. The lever Runt had been using was nothing more than a sensor that conveyed the message for movement; it wasn’t in charge of movement itself. Even the greatest hacker of all time stood no chance against the hacker’s greatest enemy—analog. 
The goose had managed to find some way of overriding Runt’s control of the lift system, and he was on his way out to save some girl who had wandered into the wrong part of Detroit. Every part of Detroit was the wrong part of Detroit for an outsider. Even the slum dwellers knew to avoid certain parts of their own city.
Jack could smell freedom. He quickly pushed his beloved laptop back into his bag and heard the familiar crunch of the zippers as he managed to close the bag. Runt heard them, too, and stopped yanking at his lever.
“You”—he pointed a crooked, quivering finger at Jack—“you did this.”
The hiccupping had disappeared again. Runt jumped between emotions too quickly for it to be safe; in this tiny sliver of space, Jack had no idea what Runt would do. He had to calm him down.
“Big R.” He tried to sound warm and inviting, calling to him how he’d imagine a friend or one of his big brothers would. “I don’t have anything to do with this.”
“Liar!” Runt screamed as he pulled out a smart blade from his coat, and it shimmered as it hummed to life. 
He had watched a few rudimentary Tube videos about how to protect himself in the slums, and he remembered now that any item on his person could be used to shield him from the array of weapons that littered the streets. Jack quickly moved his bag from his back to the front of his body. 
Even with his readied albeit atrophied muscles and his backpack acting as armor, there was little the thinning leather of his bag could do against a smart blade at such close quarters. His best chance was to reach the ground floor, but the elevator kept churning away with no end in sight.
Jack wasn’t prepared for Runt’s first lunge. Runt dived toward him awkwardly but viciously. The elevator stuttered and turned Runt’s momentum against him. Jack sidestepped out the way and accidentally pushed off Runt’s back to send him tumbling forward and to propel Jack farther away from the threat. 
Unfortunately, this little haphazard maneuver landed him in a corner of the lift, with little room to move and an infuriated Runt scrambling to his feet. Jack had been sitting at his computer for months and felt completely out of his depth in this physical altercation.
Runt whipped around and snarled, “I’m getting first pick one way or another today,” and lunged again, swinging the flashing blade at Jack’s head.
Jack was stuck in the corner of the claustrophobic lift, with a blade sharper than steel coming toward him and nowhere to move. He braced himself behind his backpack and winced.
The elevator jolted as it came to a sudden stop. Jack opened his eyes to see Runt stumbling forward. He tried to dodge him but felt him brush up against his bag. He heard a crack as they both careened to opposite sides of the elevator. The elevator started to move again, and this time, Jack ended up near the doors. They scraped open before the elevator reached a full stop. Seeing this, Jack fought to keep his balance and leaped through the doors to distance himself from Runt before he chased him.
He laboriously spun around in time to see the elevator doors clang shut just as Runt tried to lunge out. Runt banged and screamed at him behind the dented doors. He was stuck in his own elevator system, but for how long? 
Despite the fatigue creeping into his muscles, Jack stretched himself up to his full height and felt every bone in his body grate against the other. He couldn’t stop now. He turned around and headed out of the Masonic Temple. 
Where am I going? He was now out in the musty air of midtown Detroit, his lungs struggling to take in any oxygen. 
When he positioned his bag onto his back, he noticed a smooth gash on the front. The worn-out leather had perhaps saved his life. He had to stay alive; his sister’s life depended on it.
Images of his sister, lying at death’s door in a hospital wing, filled with the slowly dying, enveloped his thoughts. Urgency built up inside him, his need to save his sister driving him into the middle of a Detroit night—following a digital goose. 
The goose had said that he should follow the signs. He looked around, wondering what it had meant. Just then, he noticed on an LED board ahead of him, a yellowish goose flashing toward a small alleyway leading off from Temple Street. 
“A little on the nose, don’t you think?” he scoffed out loud, not even sure if the goose could hear him, but he followed the signs, anyway.
***
Bean

Bean locked eyes with the leader of the goons across his bulbous nose. Sweat trickled down the side of her face, and her heart kept knocking against her sternum.
“Now what do we do about such an inconsiderate little twerp, ey, ol’ sports?”
On the LED display behind them, she saw a small goose pointing toward her. The memory of the Golden Goose, begging her to stall, flitted at the edges of her mind—she slowly slid up the wall and clutched onto the cubes the leader had proffered her from the front of his denim overalls. 
“Well, what do you have to say for yourself, cash cow?” 
“Who are you calling a cash cow?” Bean decided to go on the offensive, knock them off their balance a little. “I’ll have you know, I interrupted your game of cubes because it was embarrassing to watch you lose.”
“Oh, our cow’s got a bite, boys,” the leader said, and all three mountains let out rocky laughs. “And what do you know about cubes?”
The two other goons let out crushing guffaws as their leader taunted Bean.
“I know how much that snake venom you rolled was going to cost you before I came along,” she said with a false sense of confidence.
Bean wasn’t being completely dishonest. Her father had taught her to play cubes back when they were closer, when he wasn’t President Robert Raison. Though they’d never played for money since that was illegal, she’d never beaten her father, who wasn’t that good either. But her statement seemed to have its desired effect.
The goons hesitated and were now looking at her with more curiosity than menace. 
“Let’s see if you can put your money where your bark is,” rumbled the hulking man.
Bean tried not to panic. It was her turn to roll and the leader had scored a high twenty. She had left everything, including her cash card, in the air-taxi. She had to roll twenty-one or higher to get out of here, but if she lost—she had nothing to offer as collateral. 
She hunched over to join the three gigantic men, closer to the floor, and shook the cubes in her open fist.
Come on, come on. I can do this. She tried to encourage herself and the cubes that were playing in her palm.
She closed her eyes and rolled them onto the floor, and they clattered across the pebbled ground and eventually come to a standstill.
“Oooooooh.” A collective exclamation came from the thugs that were holding her hostage in this illegal street game.
Bean opened one eye to peek through and then another as she stared at her result in shock.
“Nineteen,” one of the side goons squealed in excitement.
“How many games is that?” his counterpart asked.
“That’s five straight losses,” the first goon offered in rebuttal.
Bean could feel the horror sink to the bottom of her stomach; she had lost count of how much she owed them.
“Time to pay up, cash cow.”
“Best out of eleven?” Bean asked despairingly as she watched the lead goon’s expression change to a menacing scowl.
***
Jack was impressed by how easily the Golden Goose avoided the surveillance and monitor-drones. He had followed it jumping from LED screen to digital-ad billboard—those that were still operational—and they hadn’t come across a single drone. 
The deeper they went into the Forest Park slums, though, the fewer drones were visible, but Jack was still impressed by how easily they were avoiding people. As they traveled through the alleyways, passing dilapidated high-rises, Jack didn’t want to bump into anybody that would be out this late at night. 
He hadn’t been outside in such a long time that he could feel himself losing his breath even though they hadn’t been going for long. Finally, the goose turned to him at a billboard advertising a new range of laptops, designed especially for him. Jack turned a corner and saw the Golden Goose pop up on an LED screen and point to three humongous thugs brandishing low-end smart knives. They surrounded a slight girl who seemed to be trying to explain her way out of a dangerous situation.
If that was her, the goose hadn’t exaggerated when he said she was in trouble. The giant men lumbered menacingly closer to her. Jack had to find a way of helping her fast. 
Without thinking, he ran straight toward them.
“Hey,” he shouted, “leave her alone.”
Startled, they all stared at his hurtling figure. Before Jack realized, he was standing in between the girl and the three massive men.
“P-pick on somebody more defenseless, why dontcha?” Jack stuttered as he tried to regain his previous confidence.
The three monstrosities stared down at the two children. As their shock shifted into awareness of who had interrupted their cubes payout, they all let out gigantic guffaws which shook their tumbling shoulders.
“Well, looks like we have ourselves a party, boys,” the leading goon bellowed.
“Who are you?” the slight girl asked from behind Jack.
“The Golden Goose sent me,” Jack said before diverting his attention back to the thugs muscling in on them. “We don’t mean any harm; we just wanna get home safe tonight.”
“We’re reasonable men, little party crasher,” the bulking mass responded. “We all do what we can to get by since this lockdown trapped us on this forsaken continent.”
Jack recognized the glints of desperation in the eyes of the fellow refugees.
“But when an outsider cheats us of our well-earned spoils,” the goon continued, “well, I’m afraid that’s when we get a little unreasonable.”
Jack tried to ignore the panic settling into his bones. He turned to the girl again. “How much do you owe them?” he asked hesitantly.
“She’s lost six high-stakes games already,” the leader interrupted.
“Six?” Jack cried out. “It didn’t occur to you to quit while you were behind?” he questioned, still looking at the girl.
She looked bewildered. “I … I was stalling,” she replied meekly.
Jack turned back to their captors gravely; they were growing impatient. They kept glancing around them as if a surveillance drone would show up at any moment.
The longer we stay here, the more dangerous they will become. I have to sort this out now.
“I don’t suppose you have any credits on you?” Jack whispered to the girl.
She shook her head, and Jack could see, from the corner of his eye, the Golden Goose flapping on an LED screen. He sighed deeply as he resigned himself to the only option left.
“What about mutual exchange?” he asked.
“And what do you have to bargain with, little party crasher?” the goon asked.
Jack couldn’t help but question his stupidity as he slowly slid his backpack off his shoulders. He hadn’t fully resigned himself to losing his most prized possession until now. What hurt the most was that it wasn’t even for the money Johan had wanted—but for a strange girl, a digital goose, and the promise that the goose could get his sister out of the deathtrap hospitals, and then maybe they would be able to escape these deathtrap slums.
“Have you guys ever heard of the T9000i?” Jack asked in a voice fit for a funeral as he slowly zipped his bag open.
***
The Golden Goose guided the duo effortlessly back to Jack’s apartment. They didn’t talk much on the way as they crouched in the shadows and moved as quickly and silently as they could—keeping a lookout for the goose and all the different screens it used to lead them back home.
They mostly moved in silence because Jack was still reeling from the loss of his laptop. Exchanged, not for cash, but to save a girl called Bean. 
“I promise I’ll get you a new laptop. I owe you that at least.” Bean tried to redeem herself.
She had apologized profusely after the trolls had gathered his precious, paltry belongings and disappeared into the shadows. Jack had tried to accept the apology but his heart just wasn’t in it.
When they finally arrived at his dingy apartment block, an auto-repair service truck pulled out and trundled down the street.
“They were probably here for the bot in the service tunnels,” Jack whispered to himself.
“What?” Bean whispered back to him and he almost jumped out of his skin.
He’d almost forgotten that he wasn’t alone. The past few hours had felt like a dream, but it had dawned on him that he had followed a digital goose to save some uptown girl and hadn’t even come back with any of the credits from his T9000i so his family could survive the month. Johan wouldn’t be pleased.
Jack wasn’t afraid of his father, but he’d developed a mean streak that he found difficult to predict. This had put a strain on the whole family and, with Jack’s recent hermit ways, Mathilda had become an intermediary between them. Jack just didn’t know how to speak to Johan.
“I was letting you know that we’re here,” Jack hissed back at Bean. “You’re gonna have to stay really quiet, and then I’ll try to explain everything to Johan in the morning.”
Bean nodded her head to say she understood. They crept across the street and found the lobby door already open, moved inside swiftly, then managed to scale the stairs and get to Room 311, Jack’s apartment, without being spotted.
Jack reached into his back pocket and pulled out his key card. He swiped it on his door, it whirred electrically as it unlocked, and they were let into the dark apartment. He tried to creep as silently as possible to his room. Bean followed him, passing Johan’s room—Jack could still hear Johan wheezing in his sleep and was thankful for this small mercy.
Once they were inside, he closed the door, switched on the light, and slumped down behind his desk.
“Grab a seat anywhere.” He waved absentmindedly across the room.
Bean took in the room and probably noticed how grubby it was. Clothes covered most of the surfaces, and the only free space was the unmade bed. She sat delicately as he dropped his head into his hands and rubbed at his face. 
Jack peered up at her as she glanced around the room, a worried look on her face.
“I am so stupid,” Jack moaned to himself, dropping his head back in his hands.
“I am so sorry,” Bean said, “it’s just … the goose … I’ll get you another laptop …”
“It’s not your fault,” Jack said halfheartedly. “Well, it is, but I was the one that followed a digital goose straight into a mugging.”
“I know the feeling.” The corner of Bean’s mouth twitched as if she tried not to laugh.
Jack turned his chair around to face Bean and let out his own soft laugh to try to control his anger and not blame her and the Golden Goose. She sat daintily on the edge of his bed, her blond hair reaching down to her shoulders and slightly grimy from the night’s proceedings.
“You can take my bed,” he spat out shortly. “I’ll sleep in my sister’s room.”
As he got up to gather whatever he would need for the morning, he heard his father’s bed squeak. He held his breath, but it didn’t stop his father’s door from creaking open and the wheezing from trudging its way down the hallway to his room.
“Just stay there and don’t say more than you need to,” he said to Bean as he tried to brush the dirt and the grime of the night off of him to look at least partially presentable.
“Jakob, uwhuuu-hee,” his father called from outside his room, “is that you?”
Jack was still trying to pat down the creases on his shirt when the door swung open, and he whipped around to find his dad filling the door frame.
“Jakob, why aren’t you responding … uwhuuu-heee … what’s the time?” Johan looked at Jack and then around his room, and his gaze rested on the bed where Bean still sat. 
“And who is this?” Johan’s eyes bulged in surprise and brief anger that he quickly controlled.
“She’s a friend.” Jack tried to come up with an explanation. “She was in trouble on the outside, and she just needs a place to stay for the night.”
“You know … uwhuuu-heee … overnight visitors are against the law, Jakob,” Johan wheezed, “especially … uwhuuu-heee … bringing them over so late after curfew.”
His father wasn’t wrong. This was a massive risk for their family. Having an unauthorized visitor could get them reported, and who knew what would happen then?
“Please, sir,” Bean tried to appeal to Johan, “I don’t have anywhere else to go.”
“Uwhuuu-heee … you’re lucky I’m a reasonable man.” Johan brushed the intrusion aside. “Now tell me, boy, how much did you get?”
Jack fought off flashbacks of the other unreasonable men they had come across that night. “I couldn’t find it,” he lied.
“Then why have you been gone … uwhuuu-heee … so long?” Johan’s eyes narrowed. “You had time to bring a stranger to our home but couldn’t think … uwhuuu-heee … of your little sister—where is your laptop if you couldn’t find it?”
Though Johan had dulled during the months in quarantine, he still had moments where his old quickness would shine through. Jack couldn’t help but remember the days he used to admire his dad, instead of right now, when he saw him as a threat to his well-being. 
“I got attacked; it got stolen; we’ll figure something else out.” Jack rattled off all these half-truths in the hopes that one of them would land.
He could only watch in horror as Johan’s expression shifted into one of sheer rage. 
“You’ve doomed us all, boy,” he boomed. “You let your sister fall out the window … uwhuuu-heee … you’ve come back with nothing to show except for this stranger, who could get us locked up, and there have been … uwhuuu-heee … auto-bot technicians patrolling our whole apartment tonight, Jakob.”
Johan built himself into an uncharacteristic fury. “I’m going to need your friend to leave.”
“You can’t do that,” Jack screamed. “It’s a death sentence.”
“I’d be dead by morning,” Bean whispered to herself.
“The virus would kill her before sun-up.” Jack was pleading a losing case; Johan had developed a hardness in his eyes that he couldn’t penetrate.
“Not my problem, Jakob.” He turned and waddled toward the bedroom door. “You should have thought of that … uwhuuu-heee … before you decided to be so selfish.” 
Johan looked one last time into the room. “I want her gone now … uwhuuu-heee … before I alert the authorities.” Johan turned and disappeared down the hallway, and Jack could hear his door close, and the squeaking of the rusted bedsprings echoed through the apartment in time with Johan’s wheezing.

Chapter Three
Renzu's Ridiculous Robotic Repository
Agent Amaris wore a sleek dark suit, a white shirt, and a dark tie. He wore dark sunglasses even though he walked through the bottom of a bunker. He touched his gloved hand to the white earpiece dangling from his ear.
“What’s the update on the little sprout?” Agent Amaris rustled irritably into the device.
“Negative from the search party; she hasn’t landed safely.”
Agent Amaris cursed under his breath. The situation wasn’t optimal because he was relatively new to the presidential service—he would be charged with leading the recovery team. It’s not that he didn’t get along with Bernice Raison, he just wasn’t a fan of children, and babysitting wasn’t his responsibility.
“Anybody know where POTUS is?”
“War Room 3,” came the immediate response.
Agent Amaris walked through the cold, grey corridors of the secret bunker. The bunkers were built the same across the country, so no matter which state or city they were in, he always knew exactly where he was going. When he arrived at War Room 3, the electric glass doors slid open, and he was let into a room with a small boardroom table and a large screen monitoring a disturbance in the Great Basin Desert in Nevada. 
The president was surrounded by various generals, all looking at the monitor embedded into the table. There had been strategy meetings similar to this all across the country, and the president was holding up well—he remained poised and collected throughout all of them.
Even now, surrounded by these grey, wrinkled, sweating men, all trying to assert their dominance in the dark of this bunker, President Raison looked pristine, youthful, and composed.
Agent Amaris could understand how others found him admirable. He was discussing the fate of the nation with such ease, with a smile playing on his face as though he knew a secret that would make everything okay. Agent Amaris wondered if bringing the commander-in-chief this bad news would distort his smile.
“Mr. President, sir,” Agent Amaris interrupted as formally as he could.
“One moment, Agent A, we’re almost done here.” A twinge of irritation made his brow rise as the president called him by the nickname his daughter used even though he had told her multiple times not to use it.
“Unfortunately, this can’t wait, sir.” Agent Amaris’s grave tone made the president look up and take in the agent’s seriousness.
“Gentlemen, can we have the room,” President Raison announced.
As he did, there was a general grumble of disdain—but nobody argued. These high-ranking officials knew not to question the president once he had made a decision.
The room cleared, and when it was only the two of them left, President Raison looked to Agent Amaris with slight concern. “What’s so urgent that it couldn’t wait a few minutes, Agent?”
The agent weighed his words carefully. “Bernice didn’t arrive at the latest safehouse, sir.”
He watched as the blood drained from the president’s face. President Raison found the nearest chair to sink into. “How is that possible? Weren’t all her routes encrypted?” The president was visibly shaken and still tried to make sense of what Amaris had just said.
Agent Amaris spoke matter-of-factly as he explained what they knew. “The air-taxi arrived at the latest safehouse in Jackson, Michigan, a few minutes late.” The president seemed to be aging in front of him. “But when our agents engaged it, there was no one inside.” 
Agent Aramis paused for a moment as he recalled the briefing he had been given. “There was no sign of a struggle, sir. On further investigation, we found a compromise to the air-taxi’s door system occurred over Detroit.”
“Where is my daughter, Agent Amaris?” President Raison had pulled himself together and there was a steeliness in his voice he had whenever he found his resolve.
Agent Amaris answered blankly, “We’ve sent agents into Detroit, sir. We will find her.”
***
Bean

Bean woke up to the rising sun and heavy humidity in the air. She was still surrounded by dilapidated apartments and their boarded-up windows. Despite the death sentence she had been given, she was still alive. She had slept beneath the basement stairs of an abandoned Sole Provider, down the road from Jack’s apartment block.
The previous night, she and Jack had hoped to find somebody to take them in, but Jack had been forced to come to terms with the fact that he was a true modern hermit and that he knew absolutely no one in his neighborhood. 
They’d tried to huddle together beneath the stairs, a futile attempt to protect themselves from the virus all around them, but at least it eased their nerves enough for them to fall asleep. Wrapped in each other’s arms, they fell asleep, assuming the virus would do its work and ensure they would never wake again.
That’s why Bean found herself patting down her body, checking for something—anything—to indicate that the virus was present in her and reducing her lifespan. She looked up from the grimy ditch she had slept in and was momentarily blinded by the morning sun. As her eyes became accustomed to the light, she saw Jack scratching at the door sensor of the Sole Provider.
“What are you doing?” Bean asked suspiciously and watched as Jack reeled around to face her.
“You’re alive!” he shouted. “We’re alive!” And with that exclamation, he ran up to Bean and squeezed the air out of her.
“I was just trying to get us some breakfast,” Jack mumbled to the Sole Provider’s front entrance. “I didn’t think about it when we were leaving the house on account of … the imminent doom and all that.”
Bean suppressed a giggle as she realized how hungry she was. Her giggle quickly faded as she came to terms with what it meant that they were still alive.
“It’s not real,” Bean whispered, “the virus, it’s made up.”
“Yeah,” Jack responded, “I’ve read on some conspiracy boards that it’s all been a government-control tactic but I never thought the conspiracy theorists would be more trustworthy than the media or government.”
Jack tried to jump in front of the Sole Provider sensor again; when it didn’t work, he picked up a stray piece of metal and tried to jimmy open the door.
“I have so many questions,” Jack wondered aloud. “Why didn’t the virus kill us? We shouldn’t have survived the night, unless … the government has been lying to us.”
This final, unthinkable thought had been gnawing at Bean’s mind since she woke up. She didn’t know to feel that it bothered Jack, as well.
“So … what do we do now?” Bean wondered aloud. “We’ve got to tell somebody.”
Does my father know? she thought.
She pulled her phone from her back pocket, trying to get some advice from Golden Goose, but realized that her battery had been the only one to not survive the night.
“I thought if we could get in here, there would be a can of beans or something,” Jack said, “then we could take some to Mattie and check up on her.”
Bean had almost forgotten that Jack’s life had been flipped on its head all in the space of a day. She had come looking for adventure and caused this boy to be kicked out of his house—a boy who was just trying to get his sister some medical care.
“I’m sure there’ll be some stores opening soon,” Bean tried to reassure Jack.
“Nobody actually goes into stores anymore, Bean,” Jack reminded her.
Flustered, Bean tried to hide her embarrassment by suggesting an alternative plan. “Let’s get out of the street, and we can order with my phone and check on your sister.”
As Bean said this, a hovering delivery drone appeared down the street. It was delivering the morning’s milk to the milkman-app subscribers. Detroit was slowly buzzing back to life. She thought she heard a car speeding along in the distance—a rare sound. 
It became even more urgent for them to get off the city streets as the engine echoed through the empty roads. Somebody would have noticed she was missing by now, and she needed to consult with the Golden Goose to figure out her next steps.
Jack came over to her. “You’re right, we have to get out of here.” He looked Bean over with suspicion. 
He doesn’t know who you are, Bean. A pang of guilt flushed through her. You have to tell him before you put him in further danger.
She gathered up her courage and quickly exhaled. “There’s something you need to know.”
“Bean, can you see that?” Jack said.
Bean turned around and looked where Jack was pointing. In the distance, a swarm of sleek, black hover-jets flew toward Detroit. She couldn’t count them from where she stood, but they were all rapidly approaching. Before the idea had settled in their minds, a black van turned the corner at an incredible speed—startling both Jack and Bean into action.
“They’ve come for me!” Bean shouted in alarm.
Jack grabbed Bean’s hand and tried to bolt away with her.
“We have to move,” he tugged at her. “The government’s been lying to us about this virus. Who knows what they’ll do when they find out we know?”
Bean was stuck between longing to go home and the burning urge to find out what the Golden Goose wanted to show her. She could sense Jack’s suspicion of the government, but the government was her friend—her father. 
She remembered just what a mess those hover-jets could cause. Surely, she couldn’t be the reason Detroit would be razed to the ground just as she had seen done on foreign soil. She didn’t want to be the reason more harm was done. She turned on her heel and ran with Jack.
But her indecision proved a costly mistake. The black van passed them and veered up in front of them. Bean’s adrenalin spiked as she noticed it wasn’t a traditional secret service van. It had a trunk, stalk, or branch insignia pasted onto its sliding door and was a much older model.
Before Bean could take this all in, the sliding door grated open, and two figures, wearing dark hoodies and bandanas around the lower halves of their faces, jumped out. They shoved Bean’s and Jack’s heads into dark sacks and jostled them into the back of the van. Bean heard the door screech shut and listened as the van squealed off, leaving the hover-jets behind them.
***
Jack

Jack sat in the dark. He could hear Bean’s heavy, frightened breathing close to him. He listened to it to distract himself from his own fear. Nobody had said a word since they’d been picked up. 
Instead, they’d been careening at dangerous speeds for the past twenty minutes, turning at impossible angles—Jack had lost all sense of direction and wasn’t even sure they were in Detroit anymore.
Who are these people and what do they want with us? Where are they taking us and why are we still alive? 
The van slowed but didn’t come to a stop; it maintained a constant speed. In the sudden calm, Jack tried to remember how many people were in this van with them. 
There are the two hooded thugs who wrangled Bean and me into the back, and there’s the driver.
Jack was still trying to figure out an escape plan when he heard a woman’s voice in the van lilt in what seemed like a French accent mixed with something else.
“Sorry for the inconvenience. We didn’t have much time to organize this little rescue party.”
Jack still had the dark sack over his head and wasn’t sure who was talking.
“My friends there are going to take those bags off your heads in a minute,” the lilting continued. “We just had to make sure none of the surveillance drones picked up your pretty, little faces.”
The woman’s voice was tinged with a bit of laughter, and Jack was sure now that she had a Central African influence on her musical accent. He now counted four other people in the van with him—he could still hear Bean breathing heavily beside him. 
“We’re out of the city, Eira, if you would be so kind.” The lilting voice trailed off, and Jack could sense some movement in the van.
The bag over his head was slowly pulled off, and he blinked a few times as he acclimatized to the surprising brightness inside of the van. Jack was impressed to see a couple of flip-down monitors mounted with great ingenuity to the ceiling of the van which also shimmered with fluorescent lights that surrounded its circumference. 
Bean sat next to him on the same red-and-black-leather seat, looking confused but calm. The woman who’d just removed the bag from over his head sat back on a similar seat facing them. She and her conspirator had lowered their hoodies and removed their bandanas. She was as thick as a bodybuilder, with a short, blond crew cut. Her companion was a far skinnier, wrinkled Chinese man. He was bald but had a long, braided, white beard dangling outside his hoodie. Neither of them spoke.
The lilting voice came from the front of the car. Jack couldn’t help but be amazed. He knew just how rare it was to come across manually controlled vehicles these days.
“Forgive Eira and Old Man Shenzu’s silences,” the voice drifted back to them. “They like to keep up the pretense of toughness, but they’re just a buncha’ lovable teddy bears.”
Jack didn’t get the urge to hug the bodybuilder and the Tibetan-monk wannabe. Instead, he got the distinct feeling that they belonged in some children’s cartoon as the bumbling henchmen. 
This would have brought a smile to Jack’s face except that the bumbling henchmen had caught him and Bean, and he couldn’t find a getaway plan to escape the ridiculous silence.
“Who are you and where are you taking us?” Bean managed to croak out beside him.
She was taking all this surprisingly well. Why did she think the hover-jets were coming for her? Jack began to wonder who this girl was and why she had been dropped so haphazardly into his life.
“We’ll answer all your questions soon enough,” the mysterious woman sang from upfront. “Only fair since we know all about you.”
“You have caused quite a ruckus for a little sprout,” the women continued, and the old man hit a switch on his armrest.
A monitor lowered in front of him. Jack tried to understand why their captors would choose now to entertain them. He looked over to Bean—she looked visibly shaken. 
The old man worked behind the touchscreen, and Jack could hear an online newscast come to life from the onboard speakers.
“This morning, Detroit had a visit from the presidential services,” the removed anchor announced matter-of-factly. 
“We saw those this morning,” Jack hollered excitedly to Bean who gave no response.
The news report continued, “The president’s men arrived in state-of-the-art, Lighting V, passenger hover-jets. The White House states that this is in a concerted effort to root out undesirables that have been city-skipping during the quarantine. The lead agent in the investigation had this to say.”
An official-sounding voice rattled through the van speakers. “The president is committed to keeping his citizens safe. These city-skipping lawbreakers might be immune to the virus, but still carry it with them, becoming dangerous super spreaders. We will be conducting interviews with Detroit residents and implore anybody who has seen anyone out of place to contact us on our emergency hotline.”
The newscast started to rattle off the emergency contact details, but the old man turned down the volume and placed the monitor back in its original position. It didn’t matter, though, as Jack looked at Bean and tried to make sense of what they’d heard.
“So the virus is real and we’re just immune?” He was imploring Bean to say something, to notice him. “Why aren’t you freaking out?” he shouted.
Bean’s stillness made multiple red flags rise up in his mind, and he tried to deal with each one as they cropped up.
“It seems”—the woman in front had turned around in her seat and stared at them—“that Bernice hasn’t formally introduced herself.”
***
“We’re here.” The mysterious woman whistled.
She had long, dark, thick dreadlocks that were tied with different-colored pieces of wool at the bottom and adorned with a variety of trinkets. Her high cheekbones and sharp jawline accentuated her brown eyes, which glistened in the electric lighting of the van. She also wore the same black hoodie that all their kidnappers wore; the kidnappers’ hoodies all had the same stalk-like insignia.
Is this some kind of uniform? Jack wondered? Are they some kind of new-age militia?
“You’re Bernice Raison?” Jack was fuming. “And you didn’t even say anything!”
Eira, the hulking blonde lady, shoved the van’s sliding door open. 
“Out,” she grunted, clearly showing that she had no time for Jack’s outrage.
The duo stumbled through the van doors and landed onto the rocky earth, Jack murmuring beneath his breath and Bean staying stoically silent. They crunched down the long driveway of what looked to be expansive farmland and followed the lady with the colorful dreadlocks into another cacophony of color that lay ahead of them.  
“Welcome to Renzu’s Ridiculous Robotic Repository, or as we like to call it, The Cloud. I’m your host, Layla,” the woman sang as she walked ahead of them.
“This wonderful array of ancient automata was first collected by Old Man Shenzu’s father over seventy years ago.” Though the script seemed carefully prepared, Jack couldn’t help but notice a slight hint of boredom in this woman Layla’s voice.
From the bushes, a brief double tone sounded out and lasers glowed red, then dissipated. Jack realized it was a voice recognition security system. Had they been walking down the pathway without Layla, it would have alerted the main terminal to their presence. Some newer systems were even fully armed and would fire at their targets after a warning to turn back.
“Come on,” Layla signaled, “there’s still someone you haven’t met, and I don’t think we have much time.”
As they crunched their way closer to the building, the loud colors started to take shape. Jack was astounded at what he saw. Even Bean, who had been disappearing deeper into her silence, let out a small gasp of surprise.
Jack couldn’t make out the building; instead, the entire structure was covered by strange automata and a giant set of speakers on the roof. Grotesquely painted dolls and machines were visible inside glass casings. Jack went up to one curiously, forgetting he was still a prisoner. Inside the creation’s casing was what looked like a standing ventriloquist doll dressed in a vintage sailor’s outfit.
“Is this an old-world coin slot?” He threw the question to no one in particular as he moved to the next oddity.
“There isn’t enough time for play,” Layla’s voice tugged at him. “Is it … Jack?”
“How did you know that?” Jack was pulled from his reverie and wasn’t as angry at Bean anymore. The feeling of a stranger knowing about him without his knowledge, that feeling of being violated, it brought Jack back to reality: his sister was stuck in the failing hospital system and he was God-knows-where, kidnapped by a mismatched collection of cartoon characters, all because he had followed a digital goose to a girl who hadn’t thought it necessary to mention that she was the president’s daughter—who was probably as frightened as him.
Layla led the way through an opening between all the mechanical skeletons, sailors, and strange creatures. Despite the sobriety that had settled over him, Jack couldn’t help but be awestruck by what he saw inside, and turning to Bean, noticed a twinkle in her eye he had never seen before.
They walked through a maze from a time long before The Big Crash, that had crippled the world economy, long before lockdown had begun—a time of material indulgence where things were made for their beauty alone. He’d only heard about some of them in history vids on the Tube. They walked past claw machines, arcade games, and plastic ducks with saddles on their backs. Every one they passed housed a coin slot of some kind. 
Where would somebody even get their hands on a coin? Jack wondered in amazement.
Eira plodded and Old Man Shenzu glided, keeping pace behind them, so neither Bean nor Jack could fully take in the ridiculous robots with their flashing screens and flickering bulbs. They finally reached a dead end, still surrounded by trinkets of all types: electric chairs, gory magicians, and cute two-headed babies. Layla faced what looked like a fortune-teller.
“Whoud yhoo lyk to know yhore forrrtuyne?” she creaked out in a rusted voice as if she could sense they were there.
Layla pulled a coin relic from her jeans. Bean and Jack watched her slip it into the machine’s coin slot. They waited for a silent moment and then heard the whirring of the machine’s gears and the clanking of its bolts. Then there was a quick sputtering as the automata released a piece of paper from its gut.
Layla took the paper. “You will meet a mysterious man”—she read out—“not my type, really.” She giggled as she pocketed the fortune.
Are these people … sane? Jack wondered.
But before he could voice his concerns, the fortune-teller started to grind backward into the wall behind it. Once it locked into place, it slid to the right and revealed a short corridor that opened up to an expansive dome-shaped room.
The walls of the room were a stark contrast to the archaic technology they had passed to get here. They were covered with screens of different sizes. Walking through the corridor, Jack could tell that some were touch screens, others were on swivel boards, and some were even connected to VR sets. A heavyset, wooden war table stood in the center of the dome, and a few metallic tables sat on the edges of the room—as if they had just moved in or were ready to move out at any time. This was The Cloud.
Rocketing between the different tables and screens, with an interactive touchpad strapped to her wrist, and a VR set sitting on top of her head, was a sprite-sized Japanese girl with streaks of color in her dark hair. 
She wore the same black hoodie with—and now Jack was certain of it—a leaf-stalk logo on it. She moved through the room on a pair of bright pink Q-Lock skates that were based on the quantum-locking design of the popular Q-Lock Board. 
Jack understood that quantum-locking products used superconducting metals that were cooled to near absolute zero. This allowed them to travel on a fixed magnetic field which gave them the ability to float above the ground.
She turned toward the arriving party, and Jack was taken aback by her luminescent perma-makeup; pink lips and rainbow eye shadow accosted his eyes before gently settling into a strange and unfamiliar beauty.
“You found the little sprout,” she squealed as she rocketed towards them, “and who’s the cute extra luggage?” She reached them and circled Jack, poking and prodding him.
“Jack, Bernice, this abrupt, lovely creature is Toshiko,” Layla told them and continued to one of the main screens in the room.
“Come on over here.” Toshiko dragged them to two chairs on the other end of the room. “We’ve got so much to tell you.”
“Are there any changes, Toshiko?” Layla chimed from her ergo-chair, as it rotated enough for Layla to look from screen to screen without much movement.
The hulking Eira had settled into a more advanced thronos-seat that had three screens arching around it, and the chair swiveled, depending on the slightest touch of her trackpad. The old man kept it traditional, sitting on an old-school gaming chair, and was plugged into a VR headset.
“Same old, same old,” Toshiko called back to her, “the Galactic Losers haven’t moved.”
“Galactic … who?” Jack asked, confused.
“Enough! Who are you people and what do you want with us!” Bean exploded.
Jack didn’t know how long Bean had been bubbling, but he was glad to see she was coming back to normal—maybe now they could figure out how to get out of here.
Everybody turned to her—even Old Man Shenzu lifted his VR set to watch her outburst. Before Bean could continue, one of the monitors closest to them flickered and a golden goose waddled up to the front of the screen. Both Jack and Bean stared in surprise as subtitles formed below it.
“Hey, guys”—it winked cheekily—“been a while.”
***
Bean

Bean and Jack sat with Layla and Toshiko at the heavyset war table on the retractable chairs that came with it. Toshiko had put Bean’s phone on a charging pad, and Old Man Shenzu had brought out steaming bowls of government-issued Meal, Ready-to-Eat for the would-be captives. Golden Goose was doddering up and down the table monitors.
Jack scoffed the Asian-Style Beef MRE down with unrelenting speed. Bean poked hesitantly at it, grimacing every time she took a bite. Usually, her safehouses had well-stocked fridges and anonymous chefs that could whip up anything she wanted.
“When the lockdown was first announced …” Layla sat across from them, trying to get them up to speed. “… We had reports of multiple scientists dying—”
“So the virus is real,” Jack interrupted through a mouthful of brown sludge. “We slept outside the whole night …” 
Jack couldn’t finish his sentence; in his excitement, he had forgotten to chew before he swallowed and was now in the middle of a frenzied coughing fit. Toshiko skated over to him and sat down on a chair that automatically pulled out for her. She slid a glass of water over to him and patted his back.
“Poor baby,” she cooed.
“Jack’s right,” Bean continued after she pulled her eyes off the strange interaction, “my dad said the viral contamination is meant to kill anybody that spends too long in direct atmospheric contact, so we must be immune.”
“Imagine my surprise in the van”—Layla laughed musically—“when both of you mentioned how you survived, exposed, overnight.”
“Especially since so many scientists didn’t survive,” Toshiko said, now uncharacteristically somber. Turning to the monitors on the table, she used the touchpad on her wrist to pull up some articles from news sites Bean didn’t recognize.
Layla looked over to Toshiko and sighed sadly. “Many fringe scientists started working on a vaccine”—Layla’s light demeanor had all but faded—“since the government seemed to be dragging its feet.”
Toshiko maximized an article with a headline that read: “Scientists test the vaccine on themselves—fatal consequences.”
There was a moment of silence between Toshiko and Layla, and Golden Goose hopped on top of the article and spoke in subtitles.
“You’re not immune to the virus.” Toshiko glared at Bean and then Jack. “The government has been lying—the virus isn’t real.”
“But … we survived …” Bean tried to make sense of what they were saying.
“Toshiko’s parents used fake virus samples taken from a government laboratory,” the goose explained. “Layla’s and Toshiko’s godmother …”
Bean looked over at Jack, not knowing how to comfort these strange new friends or even how to take in all this information. Dead parents because of fake viruses was not something you could easily hug away. Jack had a quizzical look on his face.
“Wait”—he reeled back, looking between Toshiko and Layla—“if the virus isn’t real, why is there a lockdown?”
Toshiko wiped her eyes and pulled up a map on the table’s monitor.
Seeing that Toshiko was at least slightly composed, Layla decided to continue. “The official, classified documents that the president—your father”—she nodded to Bean— possesses show the arrival of alien beings near a town called Paradise Rift in Nevada. They call themselves The Galactic Brethren.”
“Aliens?” Jack and Bean asked together.
“There are far stranger things in this world,” Old Man Shenzu said, appearing unexpectedly at the table to gather Jack’s clean bowl and Bean’s unfinished one.
“President Raison has been led to believe that a lockdown is necessary to monitor if the aliens have brought any foreign pathogens with them,” Layla continued, “that might be harmful to humans.”
Golden Goose chose this moment to chime in. “They’re not aliens, though.”
“Obviously,” Jack said matter-of-factly, but Bean sensed some disappointment in his voice.
“Then what’s shown up in Paradise …” Bean trailed off.
“Paradise Rift,” Layla helped her. “They’re Nephilim.”
“Nepha—what?” Jack blurted, mirroring Bean’s confusion.
“This might get a little harder to believe,” Toshiko warned as she pulled up some Tube videos onto the table monitor. “Hold onto your seats because this is gonna get gruesome.”
Bean tried not to be disturbed by the excitement in Toshiko’s voice at the mention of gore. She looked down at the table and saw phone footage of masses of people making a path for a group of kids who seemed worse for wear than she was. 
It seemed normal enough except for the swaying crowd, and the comments section seemed to be flooded with an emoji similar to what was on the hoodies everybody in the room wore.
“What you are about to see was removed a few hours after it was uploaded,” Layla explained to them. “Luckily, we are in the practice of immediately downloading any evidence. It was shot live in a small town called Gerlach, Nevada. It is unedited and undoctored.”
Bean looked around the dome room again at the old man behind his VR set; the Swedish behemoth, Eira, sitting behind three monitors; was that a giant spaceship on one of the screens; and the two strange, colorful women looking intently at the table as though nothing else in the world existed; and the boy she had unwittingly dragged down the rabbit hole with her. 
What was she doing here? She had dropped into the Detroit slums, following a golden goose, and had been followed by chaos ever since. Just this morning, she was shocked into silence by a group of strangers who had kidnapped her and knew her codename—and now she was meant to be laughing and breaking bread with them?
“This is ridiculous,” Bean screamed as she got to her feet. “I want to go home, now. You hear me, Goose!”
Nobody looked up at her outrage; they were so involved with the table monitor.
“B-b-b-bean,” Jack stuttered, “I think you might want to see this.”
Bean didn’t like Jack’s tone. The last time he sounded like that, there was a troupe of hover-jets flying into Detroit to find her. She reluctantly looked back at the screen, and what she saw made her sit right back down.
This time the footage was inside, and the windows seemed to be haphazardly boarded up. A few gaps and cracks appeared in the shoddy work. The camera was positioned in one of the openings and pointed outside. There was a slight glow on the screen which Bean thought was the camera’s flash reflecting on the window. She was astonished to see an old woman appear in the frame, who turned out to be the source of the light.
Bean couldn’t be sure if her ears were playing tricks on her due to fatigue and stress, but she was certain an entire choir sang out the old woman’s mouth. As she spoke, the swarm of people, she had seen in the earlier video, writhed and tried to run from her. 
Two figures, who had been carried by the crowd, were now dropped to the floor. Hundreds of bodies writhed and arched their backs as this old sage spoke. 
Then all the bodies opened their mouths toward the sky, and thick, black smoke came out of each person and seemed to dissipate when faced with the light emanating from the old woman. Bean had to turn away from the screen as the light got brighter.
“What you just watched,” Layla started speaking after a long silence, “was a mass exorcism close to where The Galactic Brethren spaceship first appeared.”
“Why isn’t this being reported?” sputtered Jack.
“Is it even real?” Bean added.
“Trust me, it’s real,” Golden Goose spoke with what Bean thought was a serious tone.
“But what does any of this have to do with Nephi…lim?” Bean weighed her words carefully, trying not to give away the horror building up inside her gut.
Layla gave a slight sigh as she prepared to explain. “Us stalkers believe that—”
“Stalkers?” Jack jumped in.
Toshiko quickly responded, “The Stalkers are committed to stalking the truth!”
Hiding a slight smile, Layla continued, “We were formed shortly after this first video of the exorcism went viral.”
“There are small factions of us all over the world.” Layla looked to Jack and then to Bean as she spoke. “We’ve set up protected networks where we share information and research.”
“And we believe there are certain forces in the military that are being influenced by these demons …” Bean struggled to understand everything Layla was saying. “… To create and experiment on Nephilim.”
“Bean”—the Golden Goose stared at her—“this is what they’re hiding from your father.”
Bean felt hot and cold, and dizzy. This was all too much to take in. She stood abruptly for the second time, holding onto the table for balance.
“I need some air,” she breathed out.
“Yeah,” Jack agreed, “and I have a sister who’s trapped in hospital I need to get back to—unless any of you can help her, I really don’t need to be here.”
Layla was about to respond when a monstrous cacophony of sound came hurtling in from the front end of the building. It sounded as though every single automaton had been activated at the same time. Old Man Shenzu and Eira jumped out of their seats and faced the front entrance as Layla and Toshiko looked at each other with wild concern.
Toshiko brought up a panel of images on the war table, and Bean saw every machine that surrounded the building going haywire. Skeletons jangled, and an electric chair let off flashes of light as clowns and two-headed creatures performed rigid dances.
Bean leaned in to have a closer look on the outer panels.
She could make out men in uniform, with guns drawn, moving toward The Cloud. A series of hover-jets set off the Stalkers’ alarm system. Their camouflage tech disengaged. They maneuvered toward the repository—practiced, synchronized, perfectly executed.
“Those are my dad’s men!” Bean exclaimed, pushing Toshiko out the way, her face beaming with delight.
“Those aren’t our saviors, Bean.” Toshiko reprimanded her, taking back control of the monitors.
“Toshiko’s right”—Layla whistled, a serious expression settling across her face—“those are the same people who would bury this information and kill us without a moment’s hesitation.” 
The Golden Goose looked to Bean with digital concern. Her emotions seemed to split her into two as she read the goose’s subtitles.
“They’re not your friends, Bean, they are our enemies.”

Chapter Four
The Hover Jet Massacre
Jack

Eira stood at the ready by the entrance, swinging a heavy metallic bat at her side. Old Man Shenzu stood beside her, bare-handed, stretching out his body. Toshiko skated from monitor to monitor, initiating a wipeout protocol, each screen showing a progress bar as it deleted all information stored on it.
“Bean,” the Golden Goose flapped wildly, “we need you to get this information to your father.”
“How?” Bean asked. “Why can’t you do it?”
“His firewalls are heavily guarded,” Layla responded as she pulled up all the data on the table monitor. “You’re going to have to give him a hard copy.”
She transferred it onto a hard disk. Jack watched as Layla handed Bean what looked like a flash drive in the shape of a golden egg. Before powering down, the screen momentarily showed the information Toshiko had just transferred. She reluctantly took it.
“You guys should just come with us.” Bean started to hyperventilate. “My dad can make all of this right. You can’t fight his security force.”
“Think about it, Bean”—the Golden Goose tried to be as reasonable as possible with her—“they wouldn’t get past the White House gates even if they made it that far.”
“Jack!” Layla demanded his attention as The Golden Goose tried to calm Bean down. “Use this on the jukebox at the back! Now take Bean and go!”
Jack looked down at his hands. He held a big, golden coin, his brain working slowly as he tried to make sense of the situation. Finally, as if jammed gears had fallen into place, Layla’s instructions registered in his mind. He grabbed Bean’s hand and started running toward the back of the room.
“What about them, Jack?” Bean screamed hysterically.
From the corner of his eye, Jack saw The Stalkers head out through the corridor that led back to the mechanical fortune-teller. They were alone again.
“They can look after themselves.” He wasn’t sure if he was trying to reassure Bean or himself. 
Directly opposite the main entrance, behind all the monitors, Jack thought he saw it—a golden machine, nearly twice his size in the shape of a harp, and with yet another screen in its center. There was no response when they stood in front of it.
Jack only hesitated for a moment before he fumbled around the sides of the machine until he eventually found the coin slot. He slid the thick, golden coin into the harp and it whirred to life. The screen was alive with a pale light illuminating their faces.
“Please Pick a Song” was the message that flashed at them. 
“Pick a song …” Jack wondered aloud.
“What?” Bean suddenly snapped back into reality.
“A song,” Jack repeated, pointing at the jukebox.
“Well, pick one!” she snapped.
Is Bean upset with me for not leaving her with The Stalkers or is this just how she handles fear? Jack wondered. Now wasn’t the time to psychoanalyze her. He clicked “next” and was faced with a barrage of artists on the screen.
He froze. They were stuck in here. They would have to walk out the front door into the hands of an unpredictable military force. He couldn’t even do this right.
But then his heart somersaulted in his chest. He saw it and it made so much sense. He chose the song that would lead them to safety.
“Your song has been selected. Preparing file,” said the message on the screen, and the jukebox slid to the side and revealed an exit that opened up to a dark night. Jack could also hear the beginning chords of Queen’s “I Want to Break Free,” coming from the front of Renzu’s Ridiculous Robotic Repository. 
This provided excellent getaway cover. While intruders were storming The Cloud from the front, the loud music playing from the speakers they saw earlier would distract them from any escape attempts occurring in the back. This was probably intended to be the perfect escape plan if the entire building were ever to be surrounded.
As Freddie Mercury wailed into the night—“… knows I want to break free …”—a domino of jets disengaged their camouflage stealth programs.
They used their rear-jet throttles and center-lift fans to land sleekly onto the gravel that surrounded the repository. Jack realized with cold clarity that froze his stomach, that separating from The Stalkers had been the worst possible option. 
The hover-jets out front had purposefully disengaged their camouflage to draw them out. He grabbed Bean again and ran toward the front of the building as an army of Secret Service men spilled out of the hover-jets and Abraxas Transformers—all-terrain vehicles with six fold-out propellers—so they could take off vertically. 
Out front, they saw Eira completely flip over a serviceman who had wandered too close, by swinging her bat at his shins as Freddie Mercury crooned about falling in love. Another serviceman completely disappeared as they were plucked into the shadows. The old man appeared briefly from out of the dark before darting into obscurity again.
He couldn’t see Layla or Toshiko anywhere, but before they could get any closer, they heard a muzzled “woosh.” Both Bean and Jack fell to the ground, knocked over by an explicable force—they were underneath a weighted net.
Ahead of them, Jack watched an eerie specter of a man drift through the agents. He was dressed in a black suit and wore sunglasses even though it was early evening. He walked robotically, disconcertingly calm in the chaos. Jack watched as he slowly raised his arm and at the end of it, he spotted a gun.
He didn’t have time to warn Eira before the man fired. An electrified dart hit Eira, and she fell, convulsing, to the ground. 
The servicemen immediately went up to apprehend Eira, while another formation swarmed the repository. The men, that had shot a weighted net at Jack and Bean, finally reached them, surrounding the two in a semicircle.
“Little Sprout has been uprooted,” he heard a Special Service agent announce into her earpiece.
Old Man Shenzu jumped out from the darkness and ran straight at the suited agent that had fired at Eira. The agent dodged Shenzu’s initial running strike. The old man maintained his balance and countered, trying to disarm the agent—but it was as though the agent could predict Shenzu’s movements.
Still grappling with the electric dart gun, Old Man Shenzu managed, with superior skill, to get the agent onto his knees and knocked the dart gun to the ground, but without hesitating, the agent reached for his ankle. It looked like Old Man Shenzu had the upper hand—he was poised to deliver a final strike—when Jack heard a loud bang.
“What was that?” Bean asked, struggling futilely beneath the net.
Moments passed. “I can’t get used to living without, living without, living without you by my side,” Freddie Mercury was still warbling into the sky.
Jack’s mouth went dry as Old Man Shenzu hit the ground with one knee, clutching his stomach. Then, as if in slow motion, the old man fell to the floor. The agent stood erect over Shenzu’s body with a smoldering gun in his hand.
***
Bean

Bean sat with Jack in one of the Lightning V passenger hover-jets. She’d refused to be separated from Jack, feeling that the least she owed him was to make sure his sister came out of all this alive. They were tucked into the delegation seating, guarded by two agents, as the rest continued to a sweep off The Cloud.
In all the commotion, Bean hadn’t seen what happened to Old Man Shenzu and Eira. Jack had been unnervingly quiet since their capture, and she half wondered if he was getting back at her for earlier that day. 
Only just this morning, they had thought they were going to die—they’d been kidnapped, hunted, tasked with saving the world, and captured, all in the space of a day. Bean didn’t know how to explain to Jack that the fear had paralyzed every part of her body.
“I’m sorry about going radio silent on you today,” Bean tried to soothe the silence between her and Jack, “but I promise, my dad will make everything better.”
“What?” Jack seemed to snap out of another world and looked at Bean as though she was one of The Galactic Brethren that The Stalkers had horrifically described.
She was about to ask him what was going on in his head, when an agent in black, followed by a team of servicemen, hurried into the hover-jet. 
“It’s him,” Jack mumbled, clenching his fists until they turned white.
Bean couldn’t hear a word Jack said, but she followed his gaze instead.
“Agent A!” she squealed. “Am I so glad to see you.”
“Ms. Raison,” the agent drawled, “you certainly have outdone yourself in this escape.”
“And you are still the best cavalry in all the free world.” Bean laughed.
Jack watched them in utter horror.
“Time to get you home, ma’am.” The agent looked over Jack as he spoke, still wearing his sunglasses. “If your friend could just go with one of my men.”
“No,” Bean said adamantly, “I owe him my life and a new laptop. He stays with me.”
Jack stared the agent down, invigorated by Bean’s words. The agent took a moment and then shrugged without emotion.
Agent Amaris reached up to his earpiece and warbled into it, “Little Sprout’s in the nest—we’re heading home. All available agents continue combing the junkyard and reconvene at twenty-three-hundred hours.”
“It’s not a junkyard,” Jack lashed out at the agent.
“Oh, it’s not?” Agent Amaris look amused as he strapped in between Bean and Jack. The rest of his agents strapped into the chairs especially fitted for teams of servicemen. “Then what is it?”
“It’s a … a repository,” Jack said triumphantly.
Agent Amaris chuckled lightly at the mention of a repository as though it meant nothing to him. He pulled a flight tablet from in between the seats and quickly activated the Lightning V flight AI.
Once everybody was securely seated, the hover-jet’s rear door closed quickly; the Lighting V then rose smoothly into the air, and they hovered a moment as the back jet engine repositioned itself in preparation to fly supersonic.
***
In an instant, the AI released sleek, modern headsets to match the hover-jet’s internal design. The Amaris and his agents positioned the headsets over their ears. Bean helped Jack with his and then positioned her pair comfortably over her ears.
The hover-jet suddenly rocketed forward, releasing a devastating crash, barely muffled by the headsets. Bean and the servicemen were accustomed to the pressure of the supersonic hover-jet, but Jack tried to claw his way out from the back of his seat, making Bean giggle.
“We’re going to have to debrief you as soon as we arrive at the White House, Ms. Raison,” Agent Amaris explained through the static of the speakers.
“Can’t I see Daddy, first?” Bean whined. Her earlier courage had dissipated and had left an excitable schoolgirl in its place.
“Ms. Raison,” Agent Amaris said calmly as though talking to an infant, “I don’t think you realize the level of national security that has been breached.”
Jack and Bean quickly glanced over at each other.
Bean looked back up at Agent A and tried to brush what he said aside. “There’s really n-n-n-no need to worry,” she stammered, “it was just a happy little accident.”
“The footage we managed to attain from a delivery drone,” the agent said solemnly, “shows the two of you being kidnapped by … terrorists.”
Bean burst out into surprised laughter. “Terrorists? The Stalkers aren’t terrorists!”
She continued to laugh but quickly stopped when she saw that neither Jack nor Agent A laughed along with her.
“These stalker terrorists, or whatever they call themselves,” Agent Amaris said, “have been spreading subversive propaganda during a time of great crisis.”
“We need to debrief and find out why they kidnapped you and what information they were hoping to glean about the president,” he said matter-of-factly as if it were a foregone conclusion.
Bean panicked. She didn’t want her new friends to get into further trouble—she’d already dragged Jack into this mess. She could still feel the golden-egg flash drive bulging in her pocket. Only now did she realize she couldn’t feel the familiar bulge of her phone.
I left it on the charging pad at The Cloud!
Agent A had always been the one to make sure these types of things didn’t happen. Bean had gone against his safehouse protocol and landed into a world of trouble. She was just a kid, carrying information that could save the world—but she couldn’t even be trusted to keep her phone safe.
Agent A had kept her and her father safe for so long. If she couldn’t trust him, she couldn’t trust anyone. She had to make him see the reason why it was so important that she see her father before anything else. He had to understand what was on the line. She made her decision in a split second.
“Agent A,” she said with resolve, “I know why The Stalkers took us to their base.”
Jack looked over at Bean in alarm and tugged urgently at her arm. Bean tried to give him a calming look, to tell him everything was going to be alright.
“Do you?” Agent Amaris asked with a slight tone of surprise.
“Don’t do this, Bean,” Jack warned her while still fighting the forces of gravity.
“We can trust him, Jack.” 
Bean was sure that if Jack knew Agent A like she did, he would agree it was the best option going forward.
“What’s going on, Ms. Raison. You can tell me—we’re on a private line.” Agent Amaris looked down at the two children with concern.
“This is going to be difficult to believe”—she steeled herself—“but The Stalkers want me to warn Daddy.”
“Warn him?” Agent Amaris’ voice had turned from concern to professional curiosity.
“The aliens that have landed, they’re not aliens at all,” Bean said, “but military-produced … Biblical giants! They’re called Nephe … Nephe …”
“Nephilim,” Agent Amaris helped her finish the sentence.
“Yes, exactly. And they want …” Bean’s voice trailed off as her heart sunk to the very bottom of her toes. “How did you know?”
Agent Amaris smoothly pulled the flight tablet from where it rested and calmly swiped through it. Bean’s mouth had gone dry, and Jack stared at them in horror for the second time.
“You would be surprised by just how much I know, Little Sprout,” he said coldly.
He tapped the tablet, the cargo door started to lower, and a violently loud “whoosh” reverberated through the entire hover-jet. Bean’s seat straps cut into her chest as the immense pressure tugged at her. All the other agents looked around in confusion and panic.
“What are you doing?” Jack shouted through the headsets, his voice muffled by the roaring wind in the hover-jet.
Agent Amaris didn’t respond. He coolly swiped through the flight tablet, seemingly unaffected by the pressure in the cabin. Bean couldn’t wrap her head around what Agent A was doing. It was happening so quickly. Without a word, the agent tapped another button on the tablet. 
She watched in horror as all the servicemen’s safety belts unfastened. They were yanked out of the cargo door, one by one, their screams of terror trailing behind them. Some tried to fight against their fates and hold onto anything—the belts or the cargo walls—but they were no match for the law of physics.
Agent Amaris tapped on the tablet again, and Bean watched, shocked into silence, as the door closed and the men that were just in the jet with them moments ago, became small dots hurtling toward the ground below—scattered across the American landscape. Once more, everything was still in the Lightning V hover-jet.
“Wha-wha-what have you done?” Jack stuttered next to her.
“Well, that takes care of that,” Agent Amaris said. “We couldn’t have them interrupting our little field trip.”
“Field … trip?” Jack stared at Agent Amaros.
“There’s something I’d like to show you, Bean,” Agent Amaris said. “Computer, enter stealth mode and change destination.”
Please enter a new destination, the computer’s AI voice responded in their headsets.
Bean and Jack were stuck behind their safety beltsand had no option but to be kidnapped, again.
“Silvermine Airbase, Paradise Rift,” Agent Amaris said into the headset speaker.
As it registered its new coordinates, the hover-jet dipped, and Bean’s stomach flipped.
***
Jack

The night was still and calm. Paradise Peak had settled for the evening—even the wind was at rest. A desert iguana lay relaxed and sprawled out on a rock, and the evening moonlight cast a calming glowing on the desert sand.
Jack landed hard on the ground, kicking up dust around him. The desert iguana scurried back to its burrow, frightened out of its reverie by the sudden commotion. Agent Amaris picked him up by the hair and pushed him forward as he dragged Bean along.
The stars revealed that they had landed at an abandoned railway mine. The dim light wasn’t bright enough to reveal the details of their surroundings, and the cold wind whipped up sand at their feet. 
They both tried to fight against Agent Amaris’s grasp, but his grip was as tight as an iron clamp. He dragged them over a rusting railway track and in between abandoned warehouse drones as they passed wooden lintels.
He was able to move between these obstacles, in the dark, with relative ease. The terrain of the rocky mine sseemed stuck to him like muscle memory. Though the children stumbled on either side of him, he managed to stay upright and pull them closer to the mouth of the mine.
“Let us go!” Jack protested, tugging with all his might as the agent’s grip dug deeper into his upper arm.
He might as well have been struggling against the damp walls of the tunnel they were now being pulled through. Agent Amaris gave no response. He moved methodically deeper into the darkness of the mine. 
“Y … Y … You killed them,” Bean stammered on the other side of the Agent. “You just let them all fall to their deaths.”
Agent Amaris didn’t respond. A weak light appeared up ahead of them. The agent pulled them toward it without breaking his stride. The tunnel opened up into a vast main cavern. The light came from a dim lamp that sat atop a long, rickety, wooden table surrounded by four wooden chairs that were as rickety as the table.
The agent dragged Jack and Bean over to the table and sat them down with a brute force that almost broke the chairs. He pulled out his fingerprint-ID handgun and placed it on the table as he sat down. He gave the children a grim look as the lamp carved strange shadows into their faces.
“What are you going to do with us?” Jack asked in a quavering voice as he looked from the gun back up to the stoic face of Agent Amaris and down to the gun again.
“How could you do this?” Bean shook with anger as she sat on the rickety chair. “Did you ever care about any of us at all? You’ve been a monster this whole time!” she shouted at the blank agent.
“Monster? I can tell you about monsters, sweet Bean.” A laugh reverberated from across the giant cavernous chamber. “This world is full of monsters. And I wish I wasn’t being literal.”
Agent Amaris sat, unsurprised, as a figure appeared out of a back room—its entrance had been hidden by the darkness and a clump of dusty crates and drums. The figure moved closer and into the radius of the lamplight.
“Men like myself and Amaris there are put on this Earth to fight the creatures that go bump in the night,” the figure said. “We don’t always come out with all our parts intact. You might call us monsters because we have looked into the eyes of true beasts and survived, or at least the parts of us necessary to fight this war.” 
He was a walking contradiction—a buttoned, black army blazer hung on him like an unwashed rag on a forgotten washing line, gold stitching, badges, and medals pinned loosely like the first prize for “best bum.” The white shirt underneath was tucked in and pristine in direct contras to the dusty, grimy cavern, his black tie straight and pressed, the last untouched treasure in a once-prized treasure trove.
Jack couldn’t hide the repulsion on his face. “Who are you?” 
He didn’t respond immediately. Instead, he took his time reaching the table and when he finally arrived, he casually removed his blazer and placed it onto the back of the chair, the obsessively ironed sleeve of his shirt plumb as a stopped brass pendulum as he took his seat.
“I am Sergeant Maxwell Morfran,” he announced as he settled into the wooden chair. “Pleasure to meet you, Bernice.”
“Do I know you?” Bean asked suspiciously.
“Not in the strict sense of the word.” Morfran chuckled to himself. “And you must be the infamous Jakob.” He smiled toward Jack.
Jack and Bean looked at each other and back at the strange man. This was the second time they had been kidnapped today, and Jack felt like he could collapse any moment from exhaustion. Bean looked as bad as he felt. And, he had the sneaking suspicion this Morfran would use their state to his advantage.
 “I’m sure you’re wondering why you’re here”—Morfran looked at each of the children—“and in all honesty, you only have your fathers to blame.”
“Our fathers?’ Jack whispered.
“What does Jack’s dad have to do with any of this?” Bean had calmed a bit with the arrival of Morfran, but an air of tension still flitted about her.
“Who do you think pointed Agent Amaris in the direction of the delivery drone that captured you—being taken in by the … Stalkers, was it?”
Jack’s anger spiked. “That coward.” 
“Come now, Jakob. You have to give your old man some credit.” Morfran frowned at them. “Agent Amaris can be very persuasive when he chooses. He worked his way through three of Johan’s fingers before he told us that he had kicked you out onto the street.” Morfran’s frown twisted into a smile. “He really is the epitome of a positive father figure.”
“What did you do to my dad?” Jack spun around to Agent Amaris in a fury.
Agent Amaris hadn’t said a word since they’d arrived at the mine. Even now, in the face of Jack’s wrath, he sat impassively and stared—without a hint of emotion except for raising his fingerprint-ID handgun and aiming it in Jack’s direction.
“I’m a reasonable man, Jakob.” Morfran tsked. “I implore you not to test my reason.” Morfran waited until Jack leaned back into his seat. “We’ve all been having such a good time so far; I would hate for it to end so soon.”
Once everyone was calm again, Agent Amaris lowered his gun.
“And what does my father have to do with it?” Bean asked through gritted teeth, looking at Morfran through slit eyes.
“Yes, the reason we are all here—President Raison, how could I forget.” Morfran sat back, and Agent Amaris placed the gun on the table again. “Your father has grown a bit too big for his britches recently, hasn’t he, Bernice? He’s been looking a bit too closely at my operation, forgotten his place in the great ecosystem of power.” Morfran smiled at his own joke. “I’ve been planning on using you as a reminder of where exactly he stands in this delicate institution that is our country.”
“So, I’m just a bargaining chip?” Bean spat in disgust.
“Not quite, Bernice,” Morfran continued, “for that would imply there’s something to bargain.” He growled as a hint of anger slipped into his voice which he quickly hid behind his placating tone. “Robert Raison thinks that his momentary placement in the White House gives him authority over the history and the future of this great country.” 
Morfran stared into the distance, seeing a world that neither Jack nor Bean were privy to. “In the grander scheme, your father is less than a speck compared to the years of work that have gone into maintaining the delicate balance of this great nation—the White House is just a building.” He lowered his eyes and looked directly at Bean. “I really wasn’t planning on moving forward with my plans for you so quickly, but it seems that you have come across some valuable information that I can’t let your father know just yet.”
Jack and Bean took sharp breaths in. 
“I … I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Bean stammered.
“No need to lie to me, Miss Raison.” Morfran smiled. “Agent Amaris and I are in constant communication.”
Sergeant Maxwell Morfran leaned in over the table—Agent Amaris reached for his fingerprint-ID handgun again. “Now, why don’t you go ahead and tell us everything you know?” Morfran and Amaris said in perfect unison.
***
Toshiko

Toshiko could feel the tear streaks cracking on her cheeks. She was alone, stuffed into a dark compartment, and was biding her time—with just her sadness and anger to keep her company. Her luminescent perma-makeup cast a dim light in the tiny space she had stuffed herself into.
She wiped her face. “That’s enough of that,” she reprimanded herself. “It’s been long enough—time to get a move on.”
Toshiko lifted the touchpad on her wrist to her face and quickly ran her fingers across it. The Golden Goose sat at the corner of her screen.
“It could be worse.” The goose shrugged as its subtitles appeared underneath it. “You could be a digital goose.”
Toshiko’s giggle surprised even her; she didn’t think she was still able to laugh, especially after what she had seen. She quickly maneuvered to The Cloud’s surveillance camera system—the last time she’d been online, she’d watched Eira get dragged into a military hover-jet and had seen Old Man Shenzu fall lifelessly to the ground.
She tried to push the memory to the back of her mind—her emotions were welling up again, and there wasn’t any room to hold them in the tiny automaton Layla had shoved her into.
“Wait until the first wave of agents leaves, mon amour,” Layla had quickly rattled off. “When it’s only the skeleton force, that will be your chance to escape.”
“What are you going to do?” Toshiko had asked, not wanting to let go.
“A woman must do what a woman must do.” She had tried to comfort Toshiko with a sad smile and closed the gory, mechanical magician that promised to make your hand disappear. 
Toshiko had watched Layla fight her way through agent after agent until she couldn’t bear to watch any longer—instead, she shut off her touchpad and sat alone with her tears.
Now, she stared at the almost deserted repository. It no longer looked like what had been her home for the past few months. Instead, it was now a shattered relic of a life nobody seemed to remember. Its fall was brought about by the arrival of Jack and Bean.
She didn’t hold any animosity against them; she had seen them get captured, and as long as Bean could get the information to her father without being found out, then it would all be worth it.
“Do you think Bean will spill the beans?” the Golden Goose quacked.
“That’s what we need to find out, little goose,” Toshiko whispered.
On the touchpad, Toshiko could see that most of the forces were inside the main area of The Cloud, gathering her computers. They were carting them all back to the three remaining hover-jets. 
Toshiko knew that she hadn’t left a strand of information behind—what concerned her was that they were carting the equipment through the main passage, which passed right by her sneaky magician. If she was going to escape, she needed to time her getaway flawlessly. 
She could either make a run for it when they came back, but the flow of agents was relentless, or she could try to put The Cloud on lockdown to trap them inside—that would alert them to her presence, and she wasn’t all that sure how quickly they could override her access.
Toshiko thought of the captured Eira and the fallen old man. She had grown close to them during their time at The Cloud. Her memories with them were deeply intertwined with Layla, the only family she had left. The Stalkers had become her new family. She had to move now if she ever hoped to be reunited with any of them ever again.
She made her decision. She watched as the most recent group of agents made their way back from the hover-jets. She waited until they passed her magician and then a moment longer until they walked through the fortune-teller doorway.
“Wait for it,” the Golden Goose warned, “aaaaaaand, now!”
With lightning speed, she accessed The Cloud’s crisis protocol on her touchpad and initiated the emergency shutdown. She watched all the automata come to life again—sounds rang out and lights flickered all across The Cloud. She was relieved to see the fortune-teller slide shut and trap all the agents inside. 
She pulled up a list of automata, found her magician, and lightly pressed on it. She heard an ancient hydraulic system kick into action, and the magician slowly opened, revealing where it had kept her hidden all this time.
Toshiko jumped out and skated to the front entrance with all her might, feeling her experience on the Q-Lock skates kicking in. With her thighs, she pushed all her force to the hovering skates as she weaved between the old machines and out into the open gravel of Renzu’s Ridiculous Robotic Repository.
“Freeze!” Two agents had been drawn out of one of the hover-jets and pointed their guns directly at Toshiko as they moved closer.
Toshiko stood in place, frozen. She hadn’t expected anyone to be inside the hover-jets. She stood right in front of the ventriloquist sailor doll. She quickly filed through the list of automata as she feigned raising her hands.
As the two agents were about to reach her, at the last moment, she ducked and activated the familiar sailor man with spinach stuffed into his pipe. Two taser darts shot out from the automaton’s base and homed in on the agents. One stuck in an agent’s neck and the other in an agent’s chest. They collapsed to the ground in repulsive convulsions.
Toshiko scrambled up onto her feet and tried to regain her momentum. She headed for the hover-jet that both agents had exited, guessing that there’d be no other agents in it.
She skated up the cargo ramp and past the agent seating to the front of the hover-jet. She ran her fingers all over the main seating until she found the flight tablet—she extracted a wire from her touchpad and connected it to the control panel.
“Warning. Unauthorized personal. Please disembark. Tampering with government property is a terrorism-level threat, and deadly force may be used,” the AI voice reverberated through the Lightning V hover-jet.
“Okay, Goose, you’re up,” Toshiko pleaded.
“I’ve got this,” the goose trilled.
“Malware detected. Systems shutting down. Informing nearby authorities,” the AI’s voice reverberated through the hover-jet’s interior.
“I may not have gotten this,” the goose admitted.
The Cloud suddenly went very still, all the automata behind Toshiko frozen in their ghastly positions.
“Well, you’re going to have to get it very soon”—Toshiko glanced behind her—“because we’re out of time.”
“I think if I take the AI offline …”
Toshiko didn’t read the rest of the goose’s sentence, but instead, her heart ran all the way up to her throat. At least a dozen black-suit-clad agents ran toward the hover-jet with firearms raised.
“Got it!” shouted the Golden Goose.
The cargo door started closing, and the hover-jet’s engines whirred to life.
“You might want to strap in, Toshiko,” suggested the goose. “I’ve never flown a hover-jet before.”
Toshiko felt the Lightning V hover-jet shake beneath her feet. The agents opened fire. One or two bullets found their way into the hover-jet’s cabin and ricocheted off the walls, creating short, sharp bursts of light, before falling to the floor—but the cargo door finally closed, and the jet rose clumsily into the air. Toshiko sat down and hastily strapped herself into the hover-jet’s seating.
The gunshots grew fainter as some bullets bounced off the exterior. The goose took them farther and farther away, inch by inch, until the cockpit was silent and they were alone again, this time, in a bigger compartment, hundreds of miles in the air.
“So, where are we going, Goose?” Toshiko finally had some time to think. “Did Jack and Bean make it to the White House?”
The goose on Toshiko’s touchpad had three dots above its head.
“I’m checking the secret-service database,” it responded after a minute, “and it looks like there’s one Hover-Jet V unaccounted for.”
“Does that mean what I think it means?”
“Jack and Bean never arrived at their destination,” the goose tutted. “I’m trying to trace the missing Lightning V, but it went stealth soon after takeoff.”
“Do you think they’re still alive, little goose?” 
Toshiko was on the verge of collapse; she couldn’t bear to lose anyone else and all in vain. Bean had the last bit of information that they had been collecting for months. Without that, there was no hope to ever see her parents vindicated.
“Hold on, I’m logged into a thermal satellite,” the goose flapped excitedly. “If I go back to when the jet disappeared … Yes, yes, I’ve got them.”
“Great work, Goose. You’re better than a magician.” Toshiko was already celebrating.
“Oh, no.” The goose slumped.
“What’s wrong—did you lose them?”
“No, even worse,” quacked the goose, “I know exactly where they are.”
***
Bean could feel the golden egg bulging in the pocket of her jeans. 
I’ve already told Morfran everything I knew. There’s no point in hiding it since I’d already told Agent A … Agent Amaris—I already told the traitor everything, Bean thought.
She shivered with rage every time she realized why she was here, that she had been so close to getting the information to her father, but this traitor, that she had trusted with her life, had betrayed her to some slimebag that was living in a cave.
Morfran sat back in his chair whilst Amaris sat straight-backed as if he was about to receive the most important orders of his entire career.
“You know a bit more than what I was expecting.” Morfran chuckled. “These Stalkers have hit the nail on the proverbial head.” 
“Laugh all you want,” Jack responded with a modicum of courage coming back into his voice, “but you can’t hide the truth forever!”
“And what is the truth, Jakob?”
Bean could tell that Jack felt a pang of pain every time Morfran called him by his full name.
“The government is lying to the people!” Jack tried to fight through the hurt. “This lockdown is a ruse for a greater government plot!” He became more emboldened as he spoke. “Once they know the truth—that the government is being led by devil worshippers that use demon DNA to control the world and keep them locked down—they will revolt!”
With those last three words that belted out from his chest, Jack sank back into his seat, proud of himself and wearing the look of someone that had just checkmated a chess master.
“Jack, my boy … well done! You’ve figured it out!” Mofran congratulated him. “The people would never stand for a false lockdown, especially if that lockdown is based on their ignorance!”
Jack’s face turned pale.
“I can tell why you like him, Bernice.” Morfran looked down. “He’s smart … in a dumb kind of way.” He glanced back at Jack. “Yes, if the people knew the truth, this country would be ungovernable—that’s not new information. Agent Amaris?”
With the slightest indication from Morfran, the agent raised his gun and put it right against Jack’s head. 
“I really don’t like blood,” Morfran preached. “It disgusts me, to be honest … But I am very aware of how to use it to its most beneficial extent.”
Bean still tried to recognize Agent A in this ghost that pointed a gun at the lobe of a teenager, but she couldn’t find a single hint of the man who’d kept her safe all these months.
“I’ve been dealing with so many stubborn children recently”—Morfran deliberately stared at Jack—“and I’ve been growing rather … annoyed … at the tenacity of youth—so excuse me if a gun to the head might seem a bit excessive, but I do think it will help drive home the point.”
It felt like Bean’s heart ran on a treadmill in her chest as she looked from Morfran, back to Amaris, and then to Jack’s drained face.
“Unfortunately, Jakob, you, Bernice, and these Stalkers aren’t the threat that you think you are,” Morfran said smugly. “Most of the information you have is readily accessible on the internet already, and it would take a quick search on the Tube to find videos touting similar conspiracies to the one you were trying to rush to the president.
“I’m most surprised at you, Bernice, that you thought this crazy theory would hold any weight. The people don’t care about the truth—this lockdown has shown that. They want safety and security, and crazy conspiracies about Nephilim and demons just don’t satisfy that urge—but you’re right about one thing, the Nephilim are a threat to this country.” Morfran stood up, and Agent Amaris jostled the kids to their feet. “If you’ll come with me, I’ll show you just how that threat can be neutralized.”
Morfran put his embroidered blazer back on with one hand and led the way to the backroom. Amaris followed behind the children, pointing his gun into the small of Jack’s back.
“This mine hasn’t always been deserted.” Mofran continued with his monologue. ”We had an impressive operation running in this cavern … but the most impressive part of it all was this little backroom over here—it connects to some sprawling tunnels.”
Morfran reached the door that was previously hidden from the teens’ view and opened it. They walked into an even larger cavern, at the far end of which sat a row of monitors with a single, ergonomic roller chair placed in front of them. 
“This place once used to be the training ground of the Nephilim that you know so much about. We succeeded in finding a way to control those giants. Unfortunately, the military lost autonomy over that control.” Morfran absentmindedly touched the place where his right arm should have been and glanced at Bean. “I have been put in charge of heading a task force that’s working tirelessly to figure out exactly how to neutralize the Nephilim threat, if the possibility were to arise.”
Morfran led them directly to the computer workstation. Bean noticed a bed set up in a distant corner and could make out craters covering openings in the walls. She couldn’t see to the top of the cavern.
“Of course, I am most aware that the possibility will arise. I have worked too long with these monsters and been at the receiving end of their volatility. It was only a matter of time before my warnings turned into prophecy. Luckily, I had a little contingency plan already in effect.”
Morfran sat down on the only chair in the large room and started moving various camera feeds on the computer screen until he found a feed that appeared to be coming from inside the room—except the angle was all wrong. Bean thought she saw somewhere she recognized, but Morfran moved the feeds too quickly to pinpoint just where they came from.
He spun around on his chair and faced the children, and Bean saw him move on the screen. She could also see herself and Jack.
“What kind of contingency plan can there be for giant monsters?” Jack wondered aloud.
Morfran smiled slowly. “Agent Amaris is the contingency plan.” Agent Amaris and Morfran spoke in perfect unison for the second time that evening.
Bean had thought it creepy earlier on, but now something fell into place. She couldn’t see Agent Amaris on the screen. The angle seemed so strange because it was coming from directly behind them. It was a live feed coming from the agent’s eyes.

Chapter Five
Project Telepath
Toshiko

Toshiko leaned on the outside of the crashed Lightning V Hover-Jet and expelled all the contents of her stomach. She wasn’t sure if it had been the journey here that had flipped her stomach like uncooked pancake batter or if it had been the unceremonious landing that acted as the cherry on top of the goose’s gut-churning piloting.
“I am so sorry,” the goose quacked, “I think I might be afraid of heights.”
Toshiko wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. “You’re one special goose. Aren’t you migrating birds?”
Toshiko and the Golden Goose had been fortunate enough to spot the parked, hijacked hover-jet from up in the air, considering that their own jet was jolting haphazardly across the sky. In all the excitement, the goose had overshot its landing and had scraped through the desert.
It now sat half-buried beneath the sand, which had soaked up most of the noise of their arrival. The other hover-jet sat motionless in the distance behind them. Toshiko waited for a bit in the darkness to see if there was any movement toward them.
Once she was certain that nobody was coming to check on who these new intruders were, she asked the goose, “So where do we go?”
“I’m not sure.” the Golden Goose seemed a bit perplexed. “I’ve never actually been here before.”
“I guess we’ll just have to check the other hover-jet.”
Toshiko deactivated the hovering mechanism on her Q-Lock skates and headed toward the expertly landed Lightning V. Before she could take too many steps, the Golden Goose started flapping again.
“There’s a closed intranet on my radar.” The goose pointed toward some railway tracks that Toshiko hadn’t noticed. “It’s like a digital black hole.”
“Then we must definitely be in the right place,” Toshiko whispered as she crouched down, feeling a sense of urgency overtake her. “Let’s check the hover-jet and then go into the black hole.”
Toshiko moved in the darkness, trying to remember all the tricks Old Man Shenzu had taught her. She stayed close to the ground and hugged any boulders that could aid in her invisibility. She reached the hover-jet without being seen. 
The cargo door was open so she crawled inside and found it empty—except for an electric baton that was strapped onto the hover-jet’s wall. 
She grabbed the baton. “A weapon never hurt anybody,” she joked as she readied herself.
She crawled out of the empty Lightning V and gingerly jumped over the tracks. The Golden Goose directed her toward the mouth of an abandoned mine. She stuck to the walls and tiptoed down a long tunnel.
She held her breath when she saw a source of light, but there was no one sitting around the wooden table in the center of the cavern she had quietly entered. She could make out a faint voice coming from the back of the cavern.
Clutching onto the electric baton, she moved toward the voice. A small, wooden door had been left ajar. She snuck up to it, and avoiding some empty crates and barrels, peeked into another cavern more than double the size of the one she was in.
Except for the few barrels and crates, the cavern was mostly empty. A bed sat in a far corner—on the farthest end of the room. Illuminated by the faint light of multiple computer screens stood a secret service agent pointing a gun at Bean and Jack.
***
Jack

Jack realized what he was looking at as Morfran said, “We are now looking at the world through Agent Amaris’s eyes.”
The gun poked into his back. His hands still shook from when the agent had put the gun against his head. He was fighting his stomach, trying to prevent his gag reflex. The fear made him want to regurgitate the MRE he had eaten so many hours ago.
Everything around him moved in slow motion as though he was making his way through sludge. His body felt heavy and unmanageable, and his brain was covered by a thick fog. Even the sergeant’s words seemed to reach him in a muffled ramble.
It took him longer than usual to take in his surroundings. Slowly, he realized that the room they were in was up on the screen and that it was him on the video feed, standing next to Bean.
“Is this a neural camera link?” Bean asked. “I’ve never seen one before.”
“This isn’t your average run-of-the-mill neural camera setup.” Morfran laughed. “That will be released to the public anyday now. No, what you’re seeing here is far more advanced—it’s a small personal project that your father was digging a bit too deeply into.”
“Your friend, Amaris there, came to me when I was still heading the bionic wing in Area 51.” Morfran seemed to relish this small moment of victory. “He was quite a mess. His body was in tatters, limbs missing, brain damage—an unfortunate victim in a pulse-grenade incident. Without our mechanical intervention, we would have lost a fine soldier. But the true wonder was not the mechanical limbs we outfitted him with, but rather how we managed to keep his synapses firing with a small neural transmitter implanted into his brain.”
“He’s a robot?” Bean stared at Agent Amaris.
“More a cyborg, really, but you miss the point, Little Sprout.” Morfran chuckled.
At the mention of her codename, Bean’s face went from frightened curiosity to restrained rage as she scrunched her features.
“I think you need to change your codename, Bean.” Jack tried to calm himself with a quick quip.
Bean took a moment to register that Jack had just spoken and a second longer to take in what he had said. She looked at him and gave a sad smile.
“The point is,” Morfran postulated to get the attention back to his achievement, “we were able to keep a defunct human functioning with a small synaptic receiver. Of course, the technology back then wasn’t what it is now, so we had to … put him on ice.”
Morfran looked at the still figure of Aramis with a measure of pride like a father whose newborn had just learned to walk.
“With the recent failures of the Nephilim, some higher-ups took note of my warnings against them—asked me what contingency I could come up with. The main problem was that you just couldn’t control those creatures, but what if you could have a cyborg army all under the direct command of a single general?”
Sergeant Morfran sat back in his chair with a satisfied air about him. Jack thought he saw a glint of light in his iris.
“Children, I present to you the prototype of Project Telepath,” Agent Amaris said.
Jack and Bean whipped their heads to glance at Agent Amaris who looked down with a similar air of satisfaction.
“Quite disarming, isn’t it?” Morfran spoke again.
“I’m in here …” Agent Amaris tapped his temple.
“But I am also right here.” Morfran finished the agent’s sentence.
“H-H-How are you doing this?” Bean asked, completely overcome with a cocktail of emotions.
“It took some practice, I’ll say that much.” Jack kept looking at the dim light in Morfran’s iris. “But the mind is an incredible thing. As they say, if the mind was simple enough for us to understand, we’d be too simple to understand it. It turns out, with enough neurons firing, the brain really wants to get itself working again. And I’ll tell you this, giving it another brain to mimic really gets the process moving along. So, the hard part was mapping my brain—that took time. But once we’d hacked my noggin, all we needed was a sufficiently smashed-up skull to feed my digitally translated thoughts into. From there, the brain does the rest. Well, with the help of a little chemical cocktail, known to the man on the street as Devil’s Breath. It’s just a big ol’ game of ‘follow the leader’ really.”
Jack was certain the light in Morfran’s eye wasn’t natural. In fact, he was sure it was a miniature screen.
”The tricky part,” Morfran continued, “was designing an external transmitter small enough to be installed into my own neural network.”
“You’re controlling him with your thoughts,” Jack realized out loud.
“Exactly, Jack!” Morfran exclaimed like a teacher congratulating a student who had just worked out a complicated equation. “Ever the smart one, aren’t you?”
“But, why would you tell us this?” Why had Morfran spent so much time explaining his grand plan to two teenagers he had brought to a mine in the middle of the desert?
“You haven’t enjoyed chatting, Jack?” Morfran made a face of mock disappointment. “I’ve enjoyed our time together. Unfortunately, it must come to an end. We’ve moved to the next phase of our little project. Amaris was all but an empty vessel when we found him, and we’ve been experimenting with more … aware individuals. I thought you might want to know just how this synaptic receiver would work since who better than the president’s daughter to begin its more complex field tests?”
Morfran spun around on his chair and picked up a small, sleek box from the top of the silver table that some of the monitors sat on. The box was unassuming, resembling an eyeglass case. He opened it and pulled out a thin wire with a chip the size of a small coin at the base.
“You want to put that in … me?” Bean bit her lip and gripped her stomach with her arms.
“It’s a painless procedure,” Morfran said, focused on the implant. He pulled an injector gun from the inside of his blazer and laboriously inserted the small chip into the cartridge case of the gun. 
“You won’t feel a thing,” he mused, toying with the injector gun.
“And what are you going to do with me?” Jack asked.
Morfran looked up in consideration, only to quickly look back down at what he was doing.
“Unfortunately, there is no more use for you, Jack,” Agent Amaris said as he raised his fingerprint-ID gun to Jack’s head.
***
Bean

Bean’s heart stopped beating. She turned to Agent A, as he raised his fingerprint-ID gun to Jack’s head, and a scream burst out of her mouth.
As she reached for Agent A’s arm, she was blinded by a dazzling spark of light. The blindspots in her vision slowly disappeared when she saw that Agent Amaris had dropped.
Morfran spun around on his chair, clutching the injector gun, a wild look in his eyes. Bean made sense of the scene before her. Jack was still alive, and standing behind him, clutching an electric baton, was Toshiko.
“Run!” Toshiko shouted.
Bean caught her breath and her heart hammered in her chest again. Jack grabbed her by the wrist and raced behind the Stalker, Toshiko. Bean could hear Morfran roar in anger behind her, but she didn’t lose any speed by looking back.
Her feet beat into the ground as they raced across the gigantic inner cavern. They made it to the door and burst into the dimly lit room and headed directly to the entrance tunnel.
“Our jet is dug too deeply into the sand,” Toshiko shouted back to them as she motored forward. “We’ll have to get the Golden Goose to hijack the one you guys came in.”
“Whatever works,” Jack hollered as he pulled Bean forward. “Let’s just get out of here.”
Bean, Jack, and Toshiko made it out of the Silvermine Base. Bean glanced behind them for the first time, and was relieved and confused to find that Morfran wasn’t following them. Judging from the brightness streaming from the impact of the electric baton, Agent Amaris’s brain, and whatever machinery was in it, would be knocked out for a few hours, at least.
The three kids rushed across the desert and over the railway tracks toward the Lightning V Hover-Jet that Amaris had brought them in. The back cargo door was still lowered, and Bean felt a surge of hope fill her chest.
When they finally got closer, Bean heard a whistling ring through the air above her—in an instant, there was a gigantic crash, and a woosh of air pushed all three of them back as they fell onto the floor. 
Bean ricocheted across the ground, the uneven Earth scratching and bruising every inch of her body. She lay sprawled across the floor, trying to catch her breath and coughing through the dust that had risen. 
The sudden impact had knocked all the air out of her lungs. She tried to look around through the dust and ignored the pain that was building up in her body—Jack and Toshiko also lay scattered on the floor around her. She could hear them also coughing up the dust around them.
Slowly sitting up, she searched for the source of the impact that had sent them all flying. Through the heavy haze, she saw the Lightning V that they had been approaching—it was now bent into itself. Its sturdy metal crumpled like paper, and small sparks of electricity jumped from exposed wire. In the middle of the wreckage stood an indistinct figure.
As the dust settled, Bean could make out the dark suit and glasses of Agent Amaris. He rose from the smoking rubble and jumped down from the destroyed hover-jet. 
“This body seems to be working better than expected,” Agent Amaris said as he flexed his hands and stretched out his arms. “Thought you had got one over me, didn’t you? But a quick reboot and Agent A was back on his feet.”
“It’s Morfran speaking through Agent A again,” Bean reminded herself.
Bean tried to scramble back to her feet, but her body fought back, each movement sending pain through her muscles and joints. Before she could get all the way back up, she saw Toshiko race toward Agent Amaris on her Q-Lock Skates with the electric baton raised. 
This time, the element of surprise was not on Toshiko’s side. Agent Amaris dodged Toshiko’s swing faster than the blink of an eye and swatted her like a fly with the back of his hand. She went flying right past Bean at a speed the human eye couldn’t keep up with and farther than the initial impact had thrown them.
Agent Amaris’s landing had burnt off part of his skin on his right arm, and Bean could see a glistening mechanical forearm beneath the surface. The agent strolled toward her with haughty confidence.
“I can’t have you running off like that, Little Sprout.” He sneered. “Our work has only just begun.”
Agent Amaris loomed over Bean while a small fire raged behind him. He grabbed her by the hair and started pulling her back toward the mine. Bean was pulled like a limp ragdoll across the dirt, and she felt burning pain run from her scalp all the way down her spine.
“You and me, Little Sprout,” Agent Amaris mused as he pulled her closer to the mouth of the mine. “We’re going to make this world see some sense.”
***
Jack

Toshiko landed with a hard crack and continued to bounce farther away from Jack—her touchpad came loose with the impact and slid toward him. He was still trying to gather his senses after what he thought had been an explosion that came from the hover-jet.
He pushed himself up by his elbows and gasped as his eyesight stopped spinning and settled on a burnt and tattered agent, pulling Bean back to the Silvermine Base with a mechanical arm peeking from beneath his skin.
As Jack tottered to his feet, he saw Toshiko’s touchpad flashing wildly a few steps from him. He stumbled the few steps toward the pad and painstakingly picked it up. His heart swelled when he saw the Golden Goose flapping wildly on the screen.
“Jack! Jack! Thank goodness! It’s him, he’s the digital black hole!” The goose was quacking wilder than ever. “He’s connected to the Silvermine Intranet!”
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about, little goose,” Jack said, “but Bean’s in trouble, and we need to stop the psycho Morfran or Agent Amaris or whatever’s going on here.”
“If you can get me linked to the internal network, I think I can infiltrate the agent.” The Golden Goose kept flapping. “There must be a port or something.”
“That’s a human, not a laptop, Goose.” Jack tried to calm the manic goose.
“I know that,” the goose flapped wildly. “There has to be something sending out the signal he’s connected to.” 
Jack looked across the empty, desolate desert, and his eyes settled on the cave entrance.
“So, we’re looking for some kind of satellite?” Jack asked as his eyes hovered over the entrance that they’d just tried to escape from.
“Yeah,” quacked the goose, “that would do it.” 
“Well, I think I found it.”Jack sighed.
Barely visible on top of the mine entrance, Jack could make out an intermittently flashing light. If that was the satellite the goose was talking about—it would be a suicide mission reaching it, but Agent Amaris seemed to have lost interest in him as he dragged Bean closer to the mine. He could use this lapse in attention to his advantage.
He ignored his aching joints and bruised muscles, and clutching the touchpad in his left hand, he ran toward the mouth of the cave with all the speed he could muster.
He came up toward the entrance just as the retreating agent and a screaming Bean disappeared into the cave. He fought all his instincts to chase down the agent and to save Bean; instead, he strapped the touchpad to his arm, and his fingers dug into hard rock. Finding sturdy leverage, Jack pulled himself up as he started climbing up the rock face.
His muscles immediately burned. Being kidnapped twice in one day and months in lockdown had taken their toll on his body. He could feel himself on the verge of collapsing, but Bean’s screams were growing fainter, and the deeper she went into the mine, the further his panic set in—he used this panic to propel him upward.
His fingers dug painfully into the stone surface, and his biceps throbbed with the ache of pulling himself up. He struggled to lift his legs high enough to find footing to push himself up. A rock slipped out as he grabbed it, and he hung loosely with one arm as it tumbled the few feet below him. His heart pounding, he searched for another rock to hold onto—he found it and kept moving upward.
Finally, he reached a ledge—grunting—and with the last bit of his energy, he flung himself onto it. He lay on his back, panting and his raw fingers stinging from exertion. He didn’t have time to rest. He got to his feet as quickly as he could and scanned the ledge, looking for the flickering light.
Jack’s heart dropped to the bottom of his feet when he couldn’t find it. He couldn’t hear Bean anymore; he was running out of time.
Should I have gone after Bean? he asked himself. Did I make the wrong choice?
He had all but given up when he saw the red, faint light flash again. He lumbered toward it, still picking up his heart from the ground. He held his breath in suspense, not sure if it was the satellite he was looking for.
The satellite was covered by brown net shading. Jack grabbed the netting and pulled it off. He felt the relief swarm his body as he stared at a white dish pointed toward the sky.
He unstrapped the touchpad from his arm and looked down at the waiting goose.
“I think I found it, little goose,” Jack wheezed. “What now?”
“Great job, Jack,” the goose flapped. “There should be a connection port somewhere on the satellite that you can use to plug me in. Technicians would use it to configure the system, so I’m hoping we can do the same.”
Jack felt around the base of the satellite, ignoring the insistent throbbing of his fingers. His hands brushed over a circular, metallic cover hanging loosely from a single screw. He lifted it and found a groove that resembled a connection port, hidden discreetly on the satellite.
“Plug me in,” quacked the goose, ‘quickly!”
Jack clumsily loosened the connection cable from Toshiko’s touchpad and plugged it directly into the satellite.
The Golden Goose momentarily disappeared off the touchpad screen before returning and opening up a dialogue box for Jack.
“His security system is next-level. I think it’s a quantum network,” the goose flapped. “It’s impossible to hack. It’s kind of like Shrödinger’s cat wearing a pair of knuckle dusters and guarding their signal encryption. The moment I intersect it, the connection will collapse and reboot with a whole new encryption. Even with a million supercomputers running for a million years, there’s no way to break through.”
“We’re already connected to the hardware,” Jack reminded the goose, looking at the satellite, “so you have to find the encryption point in the signal and get yourself into the quantum connection.”
“Exactly, but I need you to get me an opening—suspend some of the wave functions and get me linked to Morfran’s network long enough to sever his connection to the agent, and turn me into the encryption key, then I’ll be able to decode the message.”
This is what Jack was built for. Within moments, he had already bypassed the first network firewall—but he watched in horror as the network dissipated just as he gained access to it. 
Morfran’s network system was intricate, but Jack had enough practice from his time in Detroit to nimbly jump over traps and avoid digital sinkholes. He found the encryption point and directed the goose toward it.
Jack became aware of imminent disaster much sooner than he’d expected. The security system was entered into manual override. Jack had to be quick with his fingers, despite their tattered state.
“Somebody is trying to kick us out from the other side, Goose,” Jack wailed.
“You can do this. I’ve managed to call for some backup,” the goose replied, “but you have to keep going—we’re almost there.
Jack settled in and hacked away at the touchpad. He kept his head down and disappeared into the digital world. The wave functions had both an up-spin and a down-spin, and only when he and the goose observed it, did it decide whether it was up or down. If he guessed wrong, it would spin the wrong way and collapse.
He was so deeply involved that he didn’t hear the crunch of the rocks outside the mine entrance. It was only when he heard a loud crash behind him that he turned around and Agent Amaris grabbed him by the throat.
Jack choked on the impact, his trachea bending in on itself. The agent slowly lifted him into the air. He dangled listlessly and his feet flailed helplessly; he could feel Agent Amaris’s iron grip growing tighter and crushing his windpipe. 
Jack’s free hand rushed up and down the agent’s arm but there was no way he could dislodge it. He still held onto the touchpad, but he started to lose consciousness, black dots appearing all over his vision. He lifted the touchpad and pressed one last button before dropping it to the ground.
Agent Amaris pulled Jack closer until they were face to face, and Jack could feel the heat radiating off this bionic man. He couldn’t be sure how much was natural and how much was generated mechanically.
“What do you think you’re doing?” the agent whispered menacingly. “I should have dropped you out of the sky like all those other agents. I won’t make that mistake again.” The agent continued to steadily crush Jack’s windpipe. 
Suddenly, his grip loosened and Jack fell to the ground, gasping for air. He choked and coughed as the oxygen came rushing back to his brain and he started to regain his vision.
“I’m … in …” Agent Amaris stammered, “can’t hold … firewall … manual … override …”
Gasping and panting, Jack crawled back to the touchpad that lay cracked on the ground. They were almost there. All he had to do was bypass the last firewall set up inside Agent Amaris himself.
“What do you think you’re doing, Jack?” Agent Amaris stiffly turned his head toward him. “A little virus won’t affect my network.”
“This isn’t a virus,” Jack scoffed, “it’s a goose.”
The agent tried to make his way toward Jack but froze mid-action.
“Almost … there …” he stuttered robotically.
“Noooooo!” 
Jack heard a scream coming from the mine below him. The agent was still stuck mid-stride. Jack leaned over the ledge and saw Morfran walk out, holding Bean hostage and pointing a gun to her head.
“I asked you a question,” Morfran yelled up at Jack, pointing the gun at him. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“Almost … there …” the agent wheezed as he dropped to one knee.
“I won’t let you get in the way of my plans,” Morfran shouted.
“We’re in,” the agent barked as Morfran pulled the trigger and fired a shot directly at Jack.
***
Jack had his hands raised in front of his face as the shot rang out. After waiting a moment, he didn’t feel any impact. He spread his fingers to look through them and then lowered his hands.
Agent Amaris stood in front of him with his mechanical arm raised. Sparks shot out from where a bullet had embedded into his forearm. In the next split second, Amaris dashed toward Morfran, and in a single movement, knocked him up against the tunnel wall as he grabbed Bean from him. His body fell to the ground like a bag of potatoes, and he didn’t move again.
“Whoa”—Agent Amaris exhaled, looking down at his hands—“this body packs a punch.”
The agent bounced on the balls of his feet.
“This is so … cool,” he exclaimed. “I’m just raw, unadulterated power!”
“I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself, Goose,” Jack murmured as he tried to pick himself up onto one knee, “but we do have to get out of here.”
The agent lowered Bean, then jumped easily up to Jack.
Agent Amaris picked Jack up and jumped gracefully down to the mine entrance below.
“Are you okay?” Bean asked, running up to him.
“I’m okay,” Jack grunted as he got back onto his feet with Bean’s help. “I won’t die before getting my laptop back.” Jack wheezed a giggle out his chest. “Is Morfran …”
“He’s still alive,” the Golden Goose replied, now in the agent’s body. “This cyborg can read his vitals.”
Bean looked at the agent suspiciously. “If he’s not controlling Amaris, then who …”
“It’s the Golden Goose,” Jack wheezed.
Bean’s eyes grew in surprise as she took in the new information and expanded even wider a moment later. “Toshiko!” she shouted.
***
The Golden Goose

The goose quickly scanned the darkness and picked up on the only other sign of life in the desert. The hydraulics in his calf kicked in, exerting a contained amount of force, and he launched himself into the air.
He was soaring for a brief moment before he came tumbling back down. He crashed hard into the sand, sprawling out maniacally, a few hundred feet away from the mine entrance. He hadn’t overshot Toshiko’s position by much.
I still have to get used to this body, he mused.
The goose ran up to where Toshiko lay and he kneeled beside her. She was bruised and bleeding but still breathing.
“Toshiko …” he whispered.
Toshiko groaned in the pale light of the moon. When she opened her eyes, they filled with fear.
“Get away from me!” she screamed.
She tried to scramble away but was stopped by a visible pain that spread through her entire body.
“Toshiko, it’s me.” The goose in the agent’s body tried to calm her down. ‘It’s the Golden Goose.”
Toshiko’s expression softened from one of fear to one of confusion. “Little goose?”
“Yeah, it’s a long story,” the goose tried to soothe her, “and aside from your broken ribs, we’re going to be alright.”
“Alright?” Toshiko repeated, “Jack … Bean …”
“We’re right here,” Bean called out.
She was helping Jack stumble toward them. 
“You really can’t be leaping off like that, Goose.” Jack chuckled. “You’re gonna give all of us a heart attack.”
Jack and Bean finally reached them, and they all collapsed into a huddle on the floor. They hugged each other through groans of pain.
“I think we all need a doctor.” Toshiko giggled.
“Then we’re in luck,” the goose jumped, “because I know a hospital not too far from here.”
He easily scooped up Toshiko into his arms, and Jack reluctantly draped himself over Bean.
The four of them were a hobbling mess as they walked back to the entrance of the mine to find the connecting road.
“Where’s Morfran?” Toshiko asked the security of Agent Amaris who were now being controlled by the goose.
“We left him knocked out here by the entrance.”
“Where?” Toshiko asked, trying to look into the mine.
The Golden Goose put Toshiko down gently and rushed inside the mine. The place where Morfran had lain was now a vacant spot of earth.
“He’s gone,” he shouted out to the others.
“We have to get out of here now!” Jack shouted back. 
The agent came out of the mine to find Toshiko trying to get up onto her feet; he rushed to pick her up again. A pair of headlights suddenly whipped around a corner on the distant road. They were moving at an inexplicable speed toward them.
“It never ends …” Bean sighed.
“Let’s go!” Jack hollered but fell as he tried to whip around and run into the desert.
“I’ll take care of them,” Agent Goose said as he let go of Toshiko.
He stood in the middle of the road, facing the oncoming vehicle.
The hydraulics in his legs activated again and his arms felt reinforced. The headlights kept rocketing toward them. The closer the vehicle got, the more they could make out.
“Is that a …” Jack didn’t get to finish his sentence before the goose cut in.
“A refurbished 1968 Plymouth Roadrunner!” he squealed in excitement. “Told you I had sent for help, and it looks like the cavalry has arrived!”
The Plymouth pulled up in front of the agent. The two doors opened, and a boy with brown, shaggy hair stepped out from the driver’s side while a girl with sandy-blond hair stepped out from the passenger’s side.
“Herbie! Brenda!” the Golden Goose shouted gleefully.
“Do we know you?” the girl asked warily.
“It’s me, Brends,” the agent responded. “It’s Hollis.”

Chapter Six
Paradise Rift
“How’s this even possible?” Brenda Lee asked, looking at her brother. He was in the body of a strange adult. He had a high-and-tight cut similar to those used in the military—completely different to how he usually wore his hair. It wasn’t loose and without structure, creeping over his ears.
Bean, Jack, Toshiko, Hollis, and Brenda Lee were all piled into the Plymouth while Herbie drove them down a sandy road.
“How are you in that body, Hollis?” Brenda Lee looked at the agent with tears in her eyes.
“You’re meant to be in a coma, Hollis!” Herbie chimed in, trying to keep his eyes on the road and looking back at the agent at the same time. “We just left you lying in a hospital bed.”
“You’ve been in a coma for months!” Brenda Lee added.
“A coma?” Bean asked from the back.
“He hasn’t told you,” Brenda scoffed, “so who did you follow across the country?”
“A … golden goose,” Bean answered sheepishly.
“So, you’re just as reckless as we are,” Herbie shot back from the front seat. “A digital goose tells us to come to Silvermine Base in the middle of the night, and what do we do?”
“I told you it was a bad idea,” Brenda Lee chirruped, “but you always just go charging headfirst into anything that smells like danger.”
“That’s my Herb!” the agent hollered from his position squeezed into the back corner of the Plymouth. “Nothing but trouble, but ya gotta love the nerd.”
“I’m the nerd?” Herbie said, staring suspiciously at the agent through the rearview mirror. “I met you while you were looking for chupacabras in the desert!”
“Weirdo …” Brenda rolled her eyes with a smile, wiping the tears away from her eyes, warming up to the idea that it really was her brother in the backseat.
“You were there, too, if I recall correctly, Brend,” Herbie added, lifting his hand off the gear stick to nudge her side.
Toshiko lay across Jack, Bean, and Hollis’s laps in the backseat, her arm draped across her abdomen and lightly holding her ribs. She was preoccupied with her pain while Jack and Bean tried to keep up with the exchange between the three friends, trying to rebuild their relationship with their old friend’s new face. Hollis seemed to suddenly remember that they were there.
“Herb, Brends, and I have been through a lot,” Hollis explained to Toshiko, Jack, and Bean. “I used to be obsessed with moving up in the ranks of the cult that ran our small town. They’re called the Lightseekers.” Hollis’s expression darkened as he fell into a deep reverie. “Then we realized they were lying to us … we’ve lost some people along the way …” Hollis seemed to escape Amaris’s body for a moment, leaving it a dead, empty shell of a man. “We’ve seen a lot of evil in our lives …” His voice rang though his face remained still.
“Like what?” Bean asked, concerned for Hollis inside the amalgamation of friend and foe.
His face lit up.”Ohhh, all sortsa stuff! We’ve been attacked by demon ladies! Fought off hordes of possessed townsfolk! Herb’s even killed a guy!”
“Hollis!” Brenda Lee exploded.
“I did not kill a guy!” Herbie gulped. “I just … I beat him up and left him. He was a soldier. He was going to hurt my friend. We had to leave before the Russian soldier at the Arctic Circle base caught wind.”
“Arctic Circle?” Jack asked, becoming ever more enthralled with the story.
“We’ve done tons of stuff.” Hollis nodded with a smile, the softness of his natural expression alien on the agent’s face. “But to put it in a nutshell, we find demons, and we make sure they get sent where they belong. Mostly thanks to Herbie’s grandma.”
Toshiko shook her head in shock, ignoring the pain. “Your grandma!”
“You’re gonna meet her …” Herbie sighed.
Hollis’s face exploded with joy. “And Pastor Hendryx! And Ash! And Tate! And Imala! And …”
Brenda Lee’s face twisted from suspicion into joy.
“It really is you!” Brenda Lee shouted, bursting out in excitement as she reached across the injured children into the backseat to hug her brother. The sturdy muscle car swayed in the middle of the desert as Herbie momentarily lost control in the flurry of Brenda’s movements.
“Whoa, Brends,” Herbie shouted as he wrestled the car back into control, “I’m excited that it’s really Hollis, too, but we gotta get everybody back to the hospital safe and sound.”
“We’re going back to the hospital?” A sudden severity appeared in Hollis’s tone.
“Yeah,” Herbie responded, “your friends look seriously hurt.”
“We’re seriously hurt,” Jack agreed.
“I know.” Hollis looked at Toshiko with a heavy concern pulling at his brow. “It’s just that … it’s not safe.”
“How do you know that, Hollis?” Brenda Lee asked with a tinge of irritation in her voice. “You’ve been in a coma for months, and when you finally contact us, you’re a stupid goose, and now you’re in the body of some agent and are being overtly evasive about every little thing, and we’re just meant to be okay with all of this!”
“I’m sorry, Brends.” The agent looked down at Toshiko as he played with the streaks of color in her dark hair. “It’s just a little difficult to explain.”
“At least give us a chance to work it out, bud.” Herbie peered at the agent through his rearview again. “You owe us that much.”
***
“It’s not really me in the agent’s body,” Hollis explained as he tried to make sense of what he instinctively understood. “I’m still in my body at the hospital.”
“But you’re here, with us,” Brenda said. 
She leaned over her seat—not even minding the road, wholly enveloped by the strangers in the back.
“Yes, or at least, a part of me is here. A part of me is in a lot of places.” Hollis was puzzling it together piece by piece. “But none of those parts are me.”
“You’re not making any sense, little goose.” Toshiko wheezed a labored chuckle out her battered body.
“Um … Jack, you know how AI programming works, right?” Hollis reached for the closest lifeline to help him guide his friends through the difficulty of explaining what he was.
“Sure, Goo … Hollis”—Jack stumbled over his words—“you program a bot with a set of parameters, you tell it what it needs to figure out, and then the code will run, repeating the process billions upon trillions of times until it gets it. In layman’s terms, of course.” 
“Right,” Herbie chipped in, “the variations generally start out really simply and then get more complex as the coding runs through the various possibilities. It’s exciting because the AI comes back with solutions that the programmer would never have expected.”
“Yeah,” Jack agreed more enthusiastically, “so if the code is meant to move an object from point A to point B, while avoiding various obstacles, the first few hundred tries will probably come back as failures because the AI code needs to learn the parameters of its own coding.”
“And the more it learns, the better it becomes at avoiding those obstacles.” Herbie and Jack were bouncing these ideas off each other like long-lost friends. “But it gets to a point where the AI has run through so many correct possibilities, that it not only solves the problem but exploits the weaknesses in its parameters to create absolutely boggling solutions that no humans would’ve foreseen or come up with.”
“But what does any of that have to do with Hollis being in a government agent’s body?” Brenda Lee asked, exasperated.
“Exactly,” Bean agreed with Brenda Lee, giving her a knowing look.
“Well, the life-support systems at the hospital are run by AI, Brends,” Hollis quickly answered to avoid falling victim to her irritation, “and the problem they’re solving …” 
“… Is how to understand what’s going on in your brain …” Toshiko finished Hollis’s sentence in an excited, wheezing exhale.
“Exactly,” Hollis said.
The five teenagers sat in silence as each of them grappled with the information Hollis painstakingly explained. Outside, the sandy road they’d driven on slowly turned into tar as they left the expansive desert behind them.
“So what solution could the AI possibly have that allows you to possess a cyborg?” Bean asked quietly.
Bean didn’t see Brenda and Herbie’s flinching expressions at the mention of possession.
“It’s not really me in this body,” Hollis repeated himself.
“You keep saying that,” Brenda Lee scolded, “so who is it?”
“Because you definitely have all of Hollis’s memories, bud,” Herbie added.
“It’s more like my … interface. Like a mouse or a keyboard,” Hollis answered.
“It’s the next-level digital device,” Jack said. “It’s just mapping your supposedly comatose brainwaves.”
“That still doesn’t tell me how, Hollis,” Brenda Lee repeated, completely confused. “I’ve seen the machinery they’ve got your body hooked up to in that hospital, and it doesn’t look like it’s trying to let you become a digital entity capable of traversing networks and taking control of human bodies!”
“But it’s trying to build an interface with Hollis’s brain,” Herbie was thinking allowed, putting the pieces of the puzzle together. “So, Hollis must have found a way …”
“This is why I love ya, Herb!” Hollis smiled. “I found a way to speak to it. And once we began our conversation, it started getting better at talking back to me.”
“Until it had built an information highway between itself, you, and the entire internet?” Bean asked from the back of the seat.
“And I turned it into a goose!” Hollis explained. “It’s how I move around.”
“If you’ve been moving around online all this time”—Brenda Lee looked at the agent who was actually her brother with a sad expression—“I just don’t understand why you didn’t tell us sooner. We’ve been so worried, Hollis.”
Hollis could hear the sadness in his sister’s voice and he could feel her desperation fill the car.
“I wanted to so much, Brends,” Hollis said to her and Herbie. “Just try imagine it!” Hollis threw his new body’s head back. “You’re dreaming … having this weird conversation … and then you find out it’s not a dream. You’re talking to a program that’s mapping your brainwaves and keeping you in a medically induced coma! And then you start pleading with it, begging for it to let more and more of your brain wake up … Until it’s just your body, stuck, unmoving … your brian totally awake, talking to an AI.”
Hollis remembered how frightened he had been, how he’d experienced the world in a strange new language he and his digital companion had created.
“By the time I learned how to get past the AI and started exploring the web on my own,” Hollis continued, “government firewalls were going up all over Paradise Rift, and it just wasn’t safe. Luckily that’s when I found The Stalkers.”
“So Paradise Rift’s physical cordoning came with a digital one, as well?” Herbie asked. “An online quarantine to go with this government-made one we’ve been dealing with.”
“Stalkers?” Brenda asked.
“There’s a quarantine all over America,” Toshiko explained. “We’re trying to prove that the government is covering up the arrival of Nephilim with this planned pandemic scare.”
“You know about the Nephilim?” Through the rearview mirror, Herbie looked at everybody in the backseat with an expression of shock.
“We were going to expose it all,” Toshiko grunted.
“Before Morfran caught up to us,” Hollis added.
“The flash drive!” Bean shouted from her corner in the car as she suddenly remembered why they were in the middle of the desert with these strange children.
She quickly pulled out the egg-shaped, outdated piece of hardware from her jeans. 
“You still have it,” Toshiko croaked.
“Of course I have it,” Bean said soothingly. “We have to get it to my dad.”
“That’s a flash drive,” Brenda said. “What’s in it?”
“Proof,” Hollis said, “of everything that’s been happening here. The Lightseekers, the demons, the Nephilim—enough proof to bring Don Balcom, his Galactic Brethren cronies, and his whole operation crumbling down.”
“We got it from The Stalkers,” Jack said. “It’s got articles and footage from a Tuber called Mindwielder.”
“Martin?” Brenda Lee blurted out. “Well, he’s going to love that.”
“That’s why it’s not safe at the hospital,” Hollis jumped in. “We have no idea where Morfran is or which networks he and Balcom are connected to; public buildings just aren’t safe right now.”
“You know Mindwielder?” Toshiko managed to ask through the pain in her ribs.
“We’re actually going to him right now,” Herbie said as he swerved unexpectedly into a more inconspicuous lane.
“He’s at the hospital?” Jack asked.
“My grandma will be able to take care of your friend and some of your wounds,” Herbie suggested.
“Besides”—Brenda looked at them seriously—“you need to meet the whole gang. I know they would love to hear about your flash drive.”
***
Martin

Martin sat in Herbie’s bedroom at the heavyset desk by the window. His Saturno hat lay beside his lightweight, travel laptop as he typed furiously away at it. He had been working night and day, trying to find his way back onto the worldwide web ever since the government agencies had arrived in Paradise Rift to investigate the arrival of the aliens.
He knew they weren’t aliens, but with the onset of the lockdown, he no longer had access to his Mindwielder Tube account to warn all his followers. He had felt like a fish brought to pasture ever since the online restrictions had come into effect.
“Stupid firewall,” he muttered beneath his breath as he was denied access once again.
The old house creaked around him—it was nothing like the Earthship he had grown up in. With the digital lockdown came the physical lockdown, and it had become almost impossible for him to visit his parents in the neighboring town of Gerlach even if he wanted to.
Ever since he had met Herbie and his friends, Martin had been thrown into a world of conspiracies that he’d always been certain existed. He wouldn’t have been able to guess just how far-reaching they were. 
Despite all the horror he had witnessed, he couldn’t imagine himself doing anything else. This was where he was meant to be, uncovering the truth and fighting against those that would try to bend the world to their will. 
Not to mention, being around people who had experienced the things he had seen helped him deal with the nightmares and the fear he seemed to always carry with him.
He was about to try to infiltrate the firewall again when he saw a pair of headlights crawling toward the house. From Herbie’s window, Martin watched the refurbished Plymouth pull up in front of the weather-worn, creaking house. 
They’re probably coming from the hospital. 
They’d been visiting Hollis for months, every day, habitually, even though there’d been absolutely no change in his condition. Herbie had gotten much better at driving, considering his first driving attempts when they’d first met and fought off a horde of demons. Beatrix had even been quite lenient with the Roadrunner, especially for trips to the hospital.
The Roadrunner came to a stop on the sidewalk, just outside the front door, and he saw Brenda Lee and Herbie step out from the front seat and then stared, gobsmacked, as a procession of bruised and battered strangers filed out after them. An official-looking government type carried a girl with luminescent makeup and colorful hair. They were followed by two unassuming kids that looked about his age.
He could hear Goji, Beatrix’s not-so-legal Sierra Red Fox, barking maniacally at the front door downstairs. He heard Beatrix and Ashverosh get up from the kitchen and head toward the door.
Who are all those … strangers? Martin wondered.
The lockdown had left almost everybody he knew stranded in different parts of the country. He hadn’t seen a new face since the government forces had arrived. 
Where could Herbie and Brenda possibly have picked up these foreign strays?
For the time being, Martin gave up on his fight against the digital blockade and decided to go looking for answers as he always had done. He closed his laptop and headed out of Herbie’s room and toward the stairs.
“Take her to my room,” Martin could hear Beatrix’s urgent voice ring out toward him even though he was still on the stairs. “What on earth gave this poor girl such a batterin’?”
Martin arrived downstairs just as a flurry of Beatrix’s thick jeans disappeared deeper into the groaning house, followed by the government official carrying the colorful girl.
“You two, with me.” Ashverosh pointed at the other two arrivals, and his large, sturdy frame led them to the kitchen.
“Hey, what’s going on here?” Martin asked out loud to no one in particular.
Herbie and Brenda hadn’t noticed Martin coming down the stairs amid all the confusion, and they looked at him as all the commotion calmed down.
“Martin”—Herbie motioned toward the kitchen—“you’re going to want to hear this.”
Martin shot them both a puzzled look, shrugged his shoulders, and followed them into the kitchen. He’d always considered himself a pundit of the strange and mystical, but ever since he’d met Herbie and co, he’d realized that the world was far stranger than even his vivid imagination could’ve ever imagined.
Inside the kitchen, Ashverosh was rummaging inside the icebox. He pulled out a couple of ice packs and handed one to Herbie. “Here, give this to Beatrix.” Herbie took the ice pack from Ashverosh and quickly rushed past Martin.
“Shirt. Off,” Ashverosh told the unknown boy.
The boy took a moment to realize what Ashverosh was saying through his thick accent—Martin watched the realization spread across his face, and he shyly took his shirt off.
Ashverosh placed the other ice pack on the boy’s slightly bruised ribs and back. “Hold,” he said. 
The boy flinched as Ashverosh waited for him to reach across his lean, muscular body, and Ashverosh grabbed the ice pack before turning back to the fridge and reaching for the kitchen’s first aid kit which sat on top.
Brenda grabbed a seat by the table where the others sat. Martin decided to take his cues from her and grabbed his own chair.
“Martin, this is Jack and Bean,” Brenda said. “We met them at Silvermine.”
Martin shuddered at the thought of the military base where he’d been held captive not too long ago.
“Jack, Bean,” Brenda Lee continued with the introduction, “that is Ashverosh, and this is Martin—or Mindwielder as you call him.”
“You watch my Tube channel?” Martin asked, surprised.
“We only just recently discovered it,” the girl Brenda introduced as Bean said with a wary look on her face.
“Tube? This thing on the computer Martin is always playing with?” Ashverosh asked innocently as he turned with the first aid pack in hand.
“It’s not a game, it’s serious business,” Martin whined before turning back to the others. “Anyway, nice to meet ya. What were all of you doing all the way out at Silvermine? What were you and Herb doing at Silvermine?” he asked Brenda, realizing that they hadn’t been at the hospital.
“How did you manage to get out there without being caught by the soldiers? Forgive me for my brashness, but we haven’t seen a stranger in these parts ever since the lockdown started,” Ashverosh added as he pulled a chair to sit across Bean and clean some of her cuts.
“Exactly,” Martin jumped in. “Paradise Rift is locked up tighter than a pair of jeans that don’t fit. How on earth did you manage to get all the way out to Silvermine, no less?”
Bean and Jack looked at each other conspiratorially and then l at Brenda with questioning eyes.
“You can trust them,” Brenda egged them on. “They’ve seen and heard it all.”
“We were brought there,” Jack said as he looked at these new friends in the strange kitchen, “on a secret-service hover-jet.”
“A secret-service hover-jet?” Martin whispered with quiet excitement. The strangers Brenda and Herbie had brought with them were sounding more and more interesting and mysterious by the second.
“It was Morfran’s doing, Martin.” Herbie stood at the doorway of the kitchen with Beatrix.
“Morfran?” Martin asked; he could feel his palms grow sweaty at the mention of his name. Deep nausea crept up his throat as he tried to fight back flashbacks of his time as a prisoner at Silvermine.
“You know Morfran?” he asked through clenched teeth and tried to keep himself calm by balling up his fists.
“We only just met him,” Bean repeated.
“Your friend is goin’ to be just fine,” Beatrix announced, rustling into the kitchen. “She just needs to keep the ice pack on her ribs and get some rest.”
“This place is more crowded than a barn filled with fat cattle.” She herded the kids out of the kitchen with her sturdy body. “Anybody not being attended to, off to the living room with you. I’m gonna rustle up some grub, and we can all find out exactly what it is you’re doing here. I hope porridge is fine with everybody, and if it ain’t, it’s no skin off my bones if you stay hungry.”
Herbie, Brenda, and Martin reluctantly got up and headed out into the entrance hall. They bumped into the government official Martin had seen carrying the girl.
“Martin,” the agent exclaimed, “it’s so good seeing you again.”
Martin was caught by complete surprise as he was swooped into the air by the overly friendly agent in a tight hug.
“Uh … nice to meet you?” Martin said in confusion as he was placed back onto the ground, and he tried to find his breath.
As Herbie and Brenda directed them toward the living room, Martin noticed the agent had exposed electronics on his arm, but despite knowing one other person with a bionic arm, he couldn’t help to think that the agent seemed very familiar.
***
Bean

“What do you mean you’re Hollis?” Martin shouted.
Bean sank into an old, dusty couch, holding a small bowl of dry porridge. Judging from the taste, she was sure it must have been procured from a bargain bin—but she was ravenous, the last thing she ate being the MREs at The Cloud. Despite Martin’s astonishment drilling into her head, she gulped the meal down readily.
She had a gauze placed over her right temple, her body throbbed, and she could feel a headache forming between her eyes. They’d been sitting in the musty room for some time and trying to catch everybody up on the roller-coaster day they’d had.
“What you’re talking about is way advanced technology!” Martin waved maniacally as he spoke to Agent Amaris.
Hollis. His name is Hollis, Bean reminded herself.
“Let me get this straight”—Beatrix sat on one of the old couches with a steaming mug of tea in her hands—“you’re the president’s daughter and you were led by a digital goose, which is now trapped in this agent’s body, which is actually Hollis. And the goose led you to a rebellious cell called The Stalkers who follow some of Martin’s Tube videos and have been building up evidence to collapse a government organization?”
“That’s about right,” Bean said with an exhausted sigh.
She and Jack had been telling the story of their day for the past hour, and exhaustion had crept on her.
“I’ll tell you what”—Beatrix chuckled in response—“it’s not the craziest thing I’ve heard recently.
A soft chortle spread across the overflowing living room as if they all shared an inside joke. 
“I’m worried about where Morfran disappeared to,” Ashverosh said.
“He’s always been a scaly one … ” Martin responded with a tinge of anger seeping out of his voice.
“And this is why Morfran brought you all the way out to Silvermine?” Herbie held the golden-egg flash drive between his fingers and examined it.
“Yeah,” Jack responded, “he … he killed all those agents when he found out about that—just let them fall to their deaths—he didn’t even hesitate.”
Bean thought back to when they were in the sky, and her head filled with the screams of all those agents as they fell to the ground below. It was her fault—all because she’d trusted the wrong person.
Having Agent Amaris sitting in this living room, even though he looked at her with the eyes of somebody else, made her feel dirty. She shut her eyes as all the faces of the agents came back to her one by one. 
“So, what now?” Brenda Lee asked.
Everybody in the room looked at each other as they tried to come up with a plan. Bean felt helpless, like when she was in the hover-jet, strapped into the seat. She didn’t understand how she was expected to help save the world when she couldn’t even save a single person from falling out of that hover-jet.
“We’re going to need to see what’s on the flash drive,” Ashverosh said.
“We still need to get it to the president,” Hollis said sternly. “The Stalkers are counting on us.” 
“It’s going to be tricky getting out of Paradise Rift,” Herbie said, “what with the cordon and the soldiers patrolling since Balcom unleashed his UFO.”
Bean was reminded of her father, and she wondered how he was coping. She remembered the mission she had promised to complete—promises to Layla, Eira, Old Man Shenzu, and Toshiko, who lay in bed with broken ribs right now. She had promised Jack she would get him home and help his sister. She couldn’t break her promises now.
“I need to get to my dad,” Bean blurted out. “He can fix all of this.”
Herbie looked at Bean inquisitively. She thought she could make out some activity behind his eyes as though he was working on a complicated math equation in his head.
“It’s not a bad plan.” Herbie nodded. “With Bean’s help, we could go over Balcom’s head.” 
Herbie seemed to have added all the factors surrounding them and immediately came up with the best solution. 
Brenda became excited. “We could go straight to the White House!”
“Whoa there”—Beatrix tried to calm everyone down—“we can’t be rushin’ off like mad horses. We’ll need a plan to get out of Paradise Rift. We’ll need supplies; we’ll need time. We gotta think this through.”
“I can’t go with you.” Jack brought the momentum to a sudden halt. “I … I need to go home.”
“Jack, buddy,” Hollis tried to reason with him, “are you sure? We’re almost there; we’re almost at the finish line.”
“I have to go home,” Jack repeated. “Morfran said he hurt Johan, and my sister’s still in those deathtrap hospitals.”
Bean couldn’t help wonder if everything had finally gotten to Jack. He had been so decisive, brave, and strong the entire day, she couldn’t let him crack now—after he had come so far.
“Jack, listen to me”—Bean looked directly in his eyes and tried to speak as tenderly as possible—“there’s no going home now. We’ve come this far; we’ve been through so much together; you’ve gone from a stranger that saved me from a bunch of thugs to somebody I’ve shared life and death with. I couldn’t have done any of this without you. I can’t do any more without you. Home doesn’t exist anymore; we have to find it in each other now.”
Everybody in the living room had gone quiet as they all tried to respect this moment—they understood that sometimes, you just needed someone there for you when it felt like everything had fallen apart or gone too far.
“I promised you we would help your sister,” Bean continued as she reached out and clutched Jack’s hand, “and I’m not going to break my promise. We’re going to help your sister and your father, and we’re all gonna get out of this together.”
“I’ll help you check up on your sister from the hospital system,” Hollis chimed in, trying to be as comforting as possible.
“Yeah, we can head into the hospital tomorrow,” Herbie agreed.
“Alright, alright,” Beatrix broke the somber mood, “it’s late and Brenda Lee has a parent waiting up for her. Herbie can drop off Brenda and Ashverosh. I don’t think it would do for Hollis to go home just yet—looking like … that. We’ll sort out sleeping arrangements for everyone else. Luckily for you, we have some space since this lockdown has trapped so many in different nooks and crannies.”
Bean thought she saw Jack discreetly wiping a tear from his eyes, but she didn’t stare, instead affording him his privacy.
“Alright,” Martin announced with a forced air of authority, “so we’re gonna start planning operation ‘get out of Paradise Rift, get into the White House’ tomorrow but first”—a huge yawn escaped his mouth as he was about to finish his sentence—“we get some rest.”
Herbie passed the flash drive back to Bean as Beatrix started to explain the sleeping arrangements. Bean couldn’t remember the last time she had slept or felt safe, but in the hustle-bustle of the tiny, creaking house, Bean remembered a feeling that she’d felt so many years back. 
Home. This place felt like home. She was still holding Jack’s hand and he was looking up at her.
“Thank you,” he mouthed.
She smiled shyly. Bean wondered if after all they had been through, would anything feel normal ever again? 
Maybe after a good night’s sleep, this will all make sense, she told herself as she let go of Jack’s hand and let herself be guided by Beatrix down the corridor to her room.
Chapter Seven
The Deep State Interchange
Hollis

“I’m really sorry, buddy,” Hollis spoke softly to the child in the small hospital bed.
He’d been watching the young comatose teenager with sandy-blond hair for the better part of an hour—the child who wore an EEG smart helmet which seemed to be registering the information of his thoughts and feeding it into an IV solution bag that was being pumped with various chemicals by automated syringes.
Jagged scar tissue ran vertically down from his inner wrists. The gruesome pattern appeared as though it had been gouged at repeatedly. Hollis gently ran his fingers along the scars as he spoke to his own body. “We really did a number on ourself.” 
Seeing himself like this reminded him of all the emotions he’d tried to escape—he could remember the pain that his old body had felt. But now it was all different. In this new body, there was no pain. 
He flexed his hand as he looked it over and felt its power. There was no physical pain and no emotions holding him back, threatening to spill out of him at any moment. Here, in this body, his wrists could hold themselves together.
Hollis had a sudden idea. He closed his eyes, and all his memories started to flood back. He was again entering the information highway the AI had crafted for him as the goose.
Here, he could feel his own emotions welling up around him. He felt the familiar interaction with the AI interface. His body felt heavy; he slowly opened his eyes. Hollis was looking at the agent sitting at his bedside.
His head was throbbing, his sight was hazy, but he was sure he was in his body, staring at the agent. Somewhere beneath the drug-induced haze and the incessant pain, he could still feel his connection to the agent.
He focused on that connection and tried to stretch the interface. Somehow, he broke through. He was the agent again but also Hollis. Caught in an infinite mirror effect, he stared at the agent, staring at himself ad infinitum. 
He couldn’t keep this up for long. Something broke, and a searing pain racked his brain. He let out a shriek as he came back into the agent’s body. Panting, he tried to make sense of what had just happened.
I … I can wake myself up, he realized. I can go back into my body, but I can’t be in both. I’ve got to tell somebody.
“Hey, bud”—Herbie poked his head into the cramped hospital room—“is everything okay? We thought we heard you scream.”
Hollis turned in the agent’s body to look at Herbie. He remembered all their adventures together, how Brenda and Herbie had always been there for him. He couldn’t begin to imagine the pain he’d put them through in the past few months. They deserved the truth. Hollis also remembered all the pain that had come rushing back in the brief moment he was back in his body.
“I … I’m fine, Herb. It’s just weird seeing myself like this, you know.”
“I can only imagine, Hollis.” Herbie tried to comfort him. “Look, I want you to take your time with everything. You don’t owe anyone any explanations.”
“Thanks, Herb,” Hollis replied sheepishly, looking down at the floor.
“Anyway, you should come see this,” Herbie said as he left the doorway of hospital room 22B and walked into an almost abandoned hallway.
Hollis gave his body one final look before he got up and followed Herbie.
“Did Jack manage to find his sister?” Hollis asked.
The whole building had felt abandoned when they arrived. He’d logged Jack onto the network and then gone to check in on himself.
“I don’t think so,” Herbie said absentmindedly, his thoughts obviously elsewhere.
They eventually reached Brenda Lee, Bean, and Jack in the lobby of the futuristic hospital.
“I’m sorry you didn’t find your sister, Jack.” Hollis tried to immediately comfort him. “I promise we won’t stop looking.”
Jack barely responded. He, Brenda Lee, and Bean were staring at the monitor screen in the wall of the lobby. Herbie immediately joined them. 
“What’s going on, guys?” Hollis asked forcefully, growing exasperated with everybody’s aloofness.
“Are you not seeing this?” Brenda Lee asked.
Hollis looked at the screen.
“Bean,” he uttered in surprise, “isn’t that your …”
***
Bean

“It is,” Bean responded before Hollis could finish.
“My fellow Americans. This could be the most important address I have ever made during my time as your leader,” the president began on a live broadcast.
“What’s he doing?” Herbie asked.
“I … I have no idea,” Bean said.
“This is the most important address I will make personally and the most important address I can make, not only as your president but as an American. The challenges we face today are the greatest in our lifetime. This is why National Security is more important now than it has ever been. At oh six-hundred hours on the 13th of May, 2028, my special-service team flew into Detroit under the guise of rooting out undesirables. That, however, was not the full truth. I have been keeping a father’s pain from you, America, and for this, I apologize. My daughter, Bernice—my dear little Bean—has been kidnapped by a terrorist group called The Stalkers. And this morning, my special-service team went into the heart of Detroit to root them out. This group has been spreading fake news and attacking this great country’s integrity. I stand here today to tell you that we will fight this scourge together.
“None of this is true.” Bean lost breath as she choked out her words. “Toshiko isn’t a terrorist; neither was Old Man Shenzu or Eira or Layla.”
“Though we neutralized many of the targets, some of their members escaped with my daughter and left us with a great many casualties. It was only thanks to an upstanding citizen, a true patriot, that we managed to get the identity of one of the terrorists and now have a lead.” 
Herbie looked appalled, as a grainy image of Jack appeared beside the president.
“Jakob Stenberg is a high-ranking member of The Stalkers, and he is currently holding my daughter hostage. We’re not sure where he’s taken my daughter, but we’re tracking the IP of a certain Mindwielder, the dangerous leader of these terrorists. It’s these types of threats that use websites such as the Tube to spread dangerous propaganda. This dark-web operator shall not succeed against America when true patriots such as yourselves exist. We have with us today one such true patriot and whistleblower, Jakob Stenberg’s father, Johan Stenberg. This way, please, Mr. Stenberg.”
***
Jack

On screen, the rotund figure of Johan waddled up to the platform the president had been speaking from. His arm was in a sling and encased in a mesh cast. Jack’s relief at seeing his father alive ebbed away as it mixed with the feelings of horror welling up in his chest.
“What do they mean I’m part of the terrorists?” Jack muttered, trying to control his rage. “What’s my dad doing there? What does he know about any of this?”
“None of this is true, Jack.” Brenda Lee tried to calm him down.
“Yeah, bud. Don’t let it get to you,” Hollis agreed.
“Uwhuuu-heee … Thank you, Mr. President … uwhuuu-heee … It is with a heavy heart, that I have to stand in front of this great nation today. I am also burdened with a … uhwuuu-heee … father’s pain today. You try to raise them the best you can … uwhuuu-heee … but they will still disappoint you time and time again. When I realized Jakob was holding the president’s daughter hostage in our own home … uwhuuu-heee … I contacted the authorities immediately, but my very own son broke all my fingers and soon made his escape.”
Johan tried to raise his hand but the effort seemed to be too much for him; instead he slumped over the pedestal in an exaggerated performance.
“I should have seen the violent streak in him … uwhuuu-heee … He had been spending too much time on his computer, and not long before he disappeared with these Stalkers … uwhuuu-heee … he pushed his sister out of a third-story window—thank goodness she survived, only by the grace of the president’s kindness.”
“That liar,” Jack spat, “that good-for-nothing liar!”
His body trembled with rage. The fact that his sister was okay soothed him, but his anger at Johan spilled over, and all he could do was clench his fist to avoid pounding it into the wall monitor.
“Why is my dad allowing him to say this!” Bean stood, shell-shocked. “Can he not tell that they are using him?”
On screen, Johan was ushered away as though he had been overcome by emotion, but Jack was disgusted by the substandard performance. The president stepped back onto the platform.
“Thank you for your courage, Mr. Stenberg. It takes great resolve and character to be able to stand in front of a nation and denounce your own blood. America thanks you for your service. My fellow citizens, we can now tell that a terrorist cell, with the likes of Jakob Stenberg, is one that is both bloodthirsty and conniving. We are dealing with the biggest threat of our generation, not only in the form of these new-age terrorists, but also in the form of this virus that has been plaguing our streets. Our scientists have been hard at work to develop a vaccine though their efforts have been admirable. They haven’t come any closer to understanding this virus’s molecular structure, and the misinformation spread by terrorists doesn’t aid us in our ultimate goal, which is a safe America for all.
“Fellow citizens, this world is large and full of wonders we keep discovering every day. Already, we live on the threshold of evolution, and yet this is but a drop of the knowledge the universe offers to us. For centuries now, humankind has grappled with the age-old question—does life exist outside Earth?
“I stand in front of you today to tell you that we are not alone in the universe. The discovery of this revelation has been undertaken with great severity. Our scientists have been hard at work since the discovery, and they have deemed it safe to open communication lines.
“This is a moment that any president is prepared for but never expects will happen in his term—to deliver news that will change the course of human history. This moment will define my legacy, our legacy, and so I stand before you today to not only humble myself, but to bring you the unfettered truth.
“In recent months, a spaceship from another world landed in a small town called Paradise Rift.” 
Where Jack’s image had been, a clip came up of a gigantic aircraft hovering over the desert, with people in strange robes standing in front of it and giant creatures walking out of the craft.
“We have since made contact with these Galactic Brethren. I am relieved to inform you today that we have come to a mutual understanding and that we will be working together with these visitors from another world—not only to end the hold this virus has on our lives, but to end all terrorist threats and to bring my daughter home safe and sound. Dear Citizens, thank you for your faith—in God we trust and may He bless America.”
The broadcast ended abruptly and transitioned to an image of the Great Seal of the United States.
“Oh no …” Brenda and Hollis sighed together.
A heavy silence settled around the children standing in the hospital lobby. Eventually, Bean spoke out. “I … I don’t get it. How could this have happened? What’s going on?”
“It’s starting …” Herbie, who had been strangely quiet throughout the broadcast, responded somberly.
“W-what’s starting?” Jack asked.
Herbie looked around at all his friends, some new, some old, and took a deep breath before he replied.
“The end.”

Last Generation Series
Herbie Hunter and the Twisted Furies (Last Generation Book 1)
Herbie Hunter and the Fathomless Legion (Last Generation Book 2)
Herbie Hunter and the Djinnius Executioner (Last Generation Book 3)
The Deep State Interchange (A Last Generation Story)

Last Generation is a series of YA magical realism action and adventure novels that tells a story of the battle between good and evil that has been waging since the dawn of time.

To learn more about the Last Generation Series visit:
amazon.com/author/michaelhhwarren
www.michaelhhwarren.com
www.facebook.com/michaelhhwarren

If you enjoyed reading these books, please be so kind as to share your thoughts with others in the form of a review. Thank you.

Acknowledgments
We would like to express our deepest appreciation, gratitude and thanks to:

ISSI_ISSA for the digital cover art; our Book Designer, Leila Summers, for the book’s layout, formatting and assistance with publication; and our Editor, Kathy Bosman, for her proofreading and editing.

Our Storyline Advisor and Editor, Ross Julius Henshall, for his unfailing assistance in the ongoing development of the book’s framework, his diligent editing thereof and his visualization and support of Herbie Hunter as a series.
