
The Dark Gifts
Birthright
By
Willow Cross

Copyright 2011 Willow Cross
Smashwords Edition
~~**~~

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Dedication
For Phyllis.  Thank you for telling me I should.
For Rebecca, Angela, and Pamela.  For telling me I could.
For Ken, Chris, and Judy…where would I be without your support?
I love you all!


Other books by Willow Cross

The Dark Gifts: Birthright (First in the series)
The Dark Gifts: Inheritance (Second in the series)
Oceans of Red volume one
Oceans of Red volume two
Haunted, 100% Totally True Ghost Stories

Coming Soon:
Oceans of Red volume three
The Dark Gifts: Legacy


Chapter One
Inquisition

This was crazy. Just forty-eight hours ago the man whose hand she held with an iron grip, whose comfort she sought in this unimaginable whirlwind of chaos, and was willing to sacrifice herself for if need arose--had killed her. She glanced around the hall hoping to find a friendly face...anything that might calm her wrangled nerves. 
The spacious room coupled with a high-arched ceiling could have doubled as an auditorium. Three rows of tiered benches surrounded the grayed wood floor, adding to the effect. Dotted throughout the crowd were beings of extraordinary beauty. But there were others there. The kind pictured in horror stories. Sallow skinned, tangled hair, with monstrous features and fangs, they grinned and jostled each other in anticipation of what was about to happen. If the vampires gathered had been using their voices instead of their minds to speak, the noise would have reverberated with the intensity of a rock concert. 
“Look at him. Even now, so proud and full of himself. I wonder if he's ever considered being under the hand of his brand of justice?”
“Oh, she's beautiful. The pain of this loss will be great for him,” another voice snickered. 
“Two hundred years I have waited for this moment. Tell me, Michael, how does it feel? Was it all worth it now?”
Nothing she could make out sounded like a help to their cause. The vampires wanted retribution. Without thinking, she edged closer to Michael. In the presence of all this hostility, his nearness felt like a safe haven.
A shiver of dread moved through her as he led her to the dais at the far end of the room. Six black cloaked figures sat on large carved wooden thrones. Even without knowing who they were, their appearance alone would have instilled fear. The hooded cloaks covered every physical detail. No face, hand, or bit of skin revealed whether the figure beneath was human or other. 
Fear bloomed in her eyes as she looked at Michael. Her lower lip trembled. 
His chiseled features exuded a calmness she couldn’t quite manage. He gave her hand a reassuring squeeze. He had nothing else to offer. Turning to face the Council, he pulled her behind him. 
Still as statues, the Council did not seem to even be breathing. Horror enveloped her. Each step they took toward the dais seemed to echo doom and destruction. 
“Dead girl walking,” she thought as they finally stopped in front of the elders. Her head bumped against his shoulder. The Liz she used to be would have stepped back, but this new Liz remained close. She felt the muscles in his arm tighten, as once again, he applied comforting pressure to her hand.  
She winced as a new voice blared above the others filtering through her mind. “Your thoughts are appropriate, girl.”  
Liz couldn’t make out who was actually speaking. All six of the elders remained unmoving. It took a moment to realize the voice was not audible but in her head. 
“Death is the order of the evening. We are here to bring justice. The law has been broken. Who will defend the accused?”  
Michael stepped forward. “I will defend myself. I need no other to protect me.”  His voice was strong and certain. He seemed to have no fear at all. A murmur ran through the crowd of angry vampires. 
“Silence. The telepathic barrier has been raised. Any who attempt to break through will be punished. So be it then, Michael, you have chosen to stand alone in this. And so it should be, as in solitude you have handled the tasks the weak among us could not bear.” A nod from the cloaked statue to the far right finally gave clue to the speaker. 
“Pray tell us the circumstances which brought us here this evening, Michael. We elders are bewildered with why our own hand of justice would perform this treacherous deed.”  This voice was different than the last. Definitely feminine and with a softer tone, she sounded like a mother pleading with her child to answer for bad behavior. Examining the dais, although no one had moved, Liz noticed one figure smaller than the others. This must be the woman that spoke now. 
Michael stepped forward and said, “I will show you how it happened. The memory is the only evidence I can provide. Just the facts the way they occurred. You know me and my perseverance in upholding our laws.”  
As one, the Council stood. “Come.”  
Michael proceeded up the stairs until he stood directly in front of them. Immediately, they surrounded him without saying a word. Complete silence permeated the room as if every being in attendance held their breath. 
Liz wanted to turn and run as fast as she could and get away from this awful place. Her legs seemed to be mired in quick sand. Terror consumed her. If not for the invisible quick sand, her body would have fled of its own volition. It seemed like she stood there for hours, holding her breath, and waiting. Then it was over. 
All six of the elders were once again seated on their thrones and Michael stood beside her. A different voice spoke this time; it was cold, mean, and full of hate. “And now the girl.” 
She raised her gaze to search his bright green eyes. “Michael?”
“It’s all right. It doesn’t hurt if you allow it.” The slight smile playing at the corner of his full lips assured her in a way his words couldn’t.  She took a deep breath, squared her shoulders, and moved up the few stairs to stand in the spot he’d so recently vacated. She never saw them coming. One minute they were seated and the next she was surrounded. Their hands lay lightly on her shoulders, arms and back. Her vision went dark and then miraculously, she had returned to the carnival two evenings earlier.
Assailed by the smell of cotton candy and corn dogs, her focus remained on the raven-haired man leaning against the duck shoot booth. Exceptionally tall, with hair much longer than she generally preferred on men, his bright green eyes held her attention. Feeling a flush creep over her cheeks, she barely noticed Marsha’s persistent elbowing. “Hello? Earth to Liz?”
Breaking his gaze, she faced her friend. “Sorry. You were saying?”
Marsha looked across the short distance retracing Liz’s line of sight. “What are you staring at?”  Upon seeing the man, she laughed. “Holy crap. He is perfectly edible. And I think he’s way interested. He’s still staring at you and he knows I’m watching!”
Liz’s vision grew dark again and as if fast forwarding through a movie, scenes flashed until they were alone on the beach. His chilled hand brushed against her cheek pushing a hair behind her ear. His voice wrapped around her in tantalizing waves. “Just one little kiss.”
“Michael, I just met you. I like you and everything, but I’m really not that kind of person.”
“Shhh,” he said running a cool finger along her bottom lip. 
A shiver ran down her back and her knees almost gave out. Off balance, she stumbled. His strong hands shot out with lightening speed to catch her. “Just one, and then we’ll go back to your friends.”
There was something in his voice. She could not refuse him. He moved in slowly. Even after declining numerous times, she could hardly wait to feel his lips against hers. Her midsection burned with desire. Then at long last, his lips met hers. As if they had a will of their own, her arms wrapped around his neck. His large hands moved from her face to entangle in her long auburn waves. One after another his kisses held her breath hostage. Leaving a gentle trail from her lips to her ear, he moved down toward her neck. She gasped. Ecstasy. Primal, sensual hunger pressed in. Then--searing, white-hot pain.
Terror consumed her. She shoved at his shoulders, pushing with every ounce of her strength. Hot fluid ran down her chest. The sound of his slurping and sucking resonated in her ears. She screamed, and with one last horror-filled shove, he nearly flew away from her. Power coursed through her veins.  
The memory receded as the dim lights of the so-called auditorium came into view. Reliving the nightmare was almost worse than living it. Breathing heavy and still somewhat disoriented, Liz stepped back into a hard body. She spun. “It’s over,” Michael whispered. Taking her hand, he led her down the stairs.
“It is done.” The hateful voice pronounced. “No law has been broken. Michael acted in accordance with the law.”
“He did not receive permission for the turning!” A voice yelled from the crowd.
“How did she change if she was only bitten once?” Another called out.
“This is the utmost hypocrisy!”
The smaller figure stood and raised her hand. Immediately, the group of angry vampires quieted. “He is free to go. No justice is needed. However, the girl will remain in the fortress.”
The vampires broke loose with murmured approval of the elders’ edict. They were all relieved to see that Michael would suffer some form of punishment. 
“No!”  Michael bellowed, “There’s no reason for you to keep the girl. She is mine now. She will stay with me, and I will teach her our ways.”
Emotion washed over her as she realized she was going to die, to really die, this time.
Michael reached out without looking at her and clasped her hand in his iron grip. The tension in his muscled body was enough indication he was ready to bolt. Any moment, they would fly out the door and away from this madness. Even though she’d just met him, Liz knew he would never leave her. In that instant, she understood with clarity what his direct disobedience would mean. If he did not follow the ruling of the Council, Michael would die too.
Liz wrenched her hand from his grasp, and this time, she stepped boldly forward. “I will stay and Michael can go.”  Her voice did not waiver as she pronounced her own death sentence. No matter what happened to her, she knew she couldn’t let him die. 
“No!  I won’t allow it!”  
Liz turned and gently placed her hand against his cheek. “Yes,” she said softly. “It has to be this way, I'll follow the ruling of the Council and so will you.”

Chapter Two
The First Lesson

Except for the sound of water dripping from some unknown pipe or crack in a wall, it was quiet. They had taken her swiftly. Her last glimpse of Michael showed him in the clutches of two vampires, so big that the shorter of the two still stood nearly a head taller than him. It was he who pressed a blade against her guardian’s neck. Michael shouted his rage at the Council and shouted an oath to her. “I’ll find you. Just do what they say. I’ll find you!”
Cloaked figures surrounded her. Prodding her out through a door and down through tunnels so fast that she had no idea where she was. The elders had not spoken one word to her as they transferred her from the tunnels to a cell. 
She was alone now, in the dark enclosed room. A dungeon of some sort, she was certain. The cell walls were cold, hard clay. A musty, stale smell pervaded the air. Terror gave way to worry as the silence engulfed her. 
Everything and everyone left behind raced through her mind. Visions of her nieces and nephews, what had been and what she would never see, toyed with her. Lindy learning to ride a bike. Little Casey covered in chocolate ice cream. Young Sarah Masada, the foster child she’d mentored from the Boys and Girls Club. Poor Sarah had no parents; Liz was the only female influence in her life now that her older brother was raising her. They'll think I'm dead, or worse, that I just ran off and left them. It's too late now to let any of them know how much I love them. Most of all, she worried about Michael. 
Yesterday, she’d wanted to kill him. Now, here in a dark cold cell, she wondered where he was and what he was doing. Would he be all right after she was gone? Being away from him was becoming painful even now. Her lungs constricted, making it difficult to fill them with air. She knew she would feel only the pain of dying, but his pain--his great pain of losing her and the connection--would be overwhelming. So much worse than death, he had said.  Her mind moved over the events that had brought her here. Racing through the woods, him following--hunting her. Feeling his rage at her turning through this new-found psychic connection.  And her own at being attacked. Lost in her ruminations, she never felt the entity enter her mind and take over. As with the Council’s memory viewing earlier, the scene flashed in her head.
Brambles and brush scratched and pulled at her arms and legs as if attempting to slow her crazed pace. Elizabeth shot furtive glances over her shoulder as she ran. In the darkness, limbs danced in her wake. Shadows seemed to lurk behind every tree. Teasing, they shifted and moved. With each new glance, panic grew, giving her added strength and stamina. She knew he was out there. Vibrations from his nearness rubbed against her like finger nails down a chalkboard.
The voices in her head blocked out all sound except the crunch of twigs under her feet. Breathless, shoving limbs out of her way, always pressing forward, she tried to outrun the voices and the thing hunting her. As she’d gained distance between herself and the carnival, the voices muddled and grew softer. With the exception of his voice. It still permeated her mind as if he ran along beside her. His emotions rolled through her in an exhausting wave of rage and lust for blood.  
“Must find her,” echoed in her mind. She slowed. Doubled over and panting, she listened.  Her head pounded with the rhythmic beat of her heart. Only through sheer force of will was she able to calm the rapid beating to a quiet thudding.
In the dark expanse behind her a twig snapped. Her body tensed as she slid behind a tree and tried to blend into the night. She blinked to clear the stinging sweat from her eyes before it blinded her. He was gaining on her. No matter how fast she ran, she would never outrun him. 
The crackle and pop of woodland debris came from her far left. How does he move so fast? What is he? 
Feeling the rough bark behind her dig into her back, she closed her eyes and tried to still her thudding heart. Not one muscle twitched. Auburn hair, saturated with sweat, clung to her shoulders and back. Ready to spring into another marathon run, she waited and prayed he would pass. 
She filled her lungs with air and held her breath. Her body pulsated with pain as if her blood were replaced with acid. With each pump of her heart, the acid-blood rushed through her veins scorching every nerve, muscle, and cell. Biting down on her lower lip, she stifled a cry. 
The crunch and snap of breaking twigs moved away.
His mind reached out to her. It probed and prodded, like tentacles searching for an entrance. For an instant, there was a vision of another view of the forest. A large, white hand pushed against a low hanging limb. Eyes turning away from his hand, he scanned his surroundings. His head lifted as he sniffed. Anger and frustration filled him. And lust. Molten, scalding lust for...
Wincing, she emptied her mind of any sounds, smells, or shapes that could give her position away. 
Laughter rippled through her mind. After a moment, it transformed into an audible scream of rage that broke into the quiet night. Her eyes snapped open, and once again, she fled.
As her relentless pace slowed, Elizabeth tried to make sense of what she was feeling and still seeing in her mind’s eye. He--no it--had fangs!  The angry, blood-drenched snarl burned in her memory. She could still feel the horrible brutal moment when he took her life. But no, maybe her life had not ended, because covered in what was left of her blood and filled with pain, she pushed him away and raced down the beach. She clearly remembered the feeling of life passing, of being on the edge of some darkness that should have consumed her, before the strength came. The feeling was unlike anything she’d ever felt; there was a thrill of power in it. For a moment, a primeval urge to scream, and then a raging joy. As if with the loss of that last shred of humanity, she finally truly felt alive. 
No time for this Liz. Where are you? She thought as she scanned the area. Nothing but trees and none of it familiar. 
In the midst of the darkness, preternatural senses began to assert themselves. Cricket chirps and buzzing mosquitoes filled the crisp still air. Her ears twitched as she listened for the soft breaths of birds sleeping in their nests and the gentle rustle of rabbits rolling over in their dens. Concentrating on the sounds, her head moved from side to side and waited for a sound that would give away his location. In that instant, there came a sudden knowing, not a hunch or gut instinct, but a distinct knowing that he was returning. She could feel him probing, searching, seeking a scent, and knew he still hunted her. 
Uncharacteristically raising her head, she sniffed the air. She could smell him in the wind. His musky, sweet scent floated in from the east. Then nothing. It vanished. Her head snapped to the west.  The faint call of a rooster from a nearby farm crowing in the dawn drifted through the trees.  Morning approached.
In the east, various shades of pink and orange tinged the horizon. I need to find cover, she thought as she hurried through the forest. That slight glow of dawn stung her eyes, and her skin tingled. Goosebumps rose on her flesh, and the sensation intensified, as if the poison in her blood had reached her outer layers. 
Frantic, she turned in a circle searching for a place to hide. There was nowhere to go. As the sun peeked over the horizon, and the forest began to lighten, she noticed a flickering through the trees in the distance. A beacon in the grey haze of morning.
Using her hand to shield her eyes, she rushed toward the source. Tired and weak, her body moved out of necessity until she reached a small cabin. A lamp in the front window gave off a faint glow. The sun ascended higher in the sky and her skin began to burn. Unnoticed, tiny spirals of smoke lifted from her skin.  
The wood around the hinges splintered as she yanked the door open. Liz took no notice of the cracking sounds or damage. Her main concern was relief from the pain--  
And once again she was back in the dank cell. “What the hell?” she hissed. 
However long it had taken them to read her, enough time had passed for her eyes to adjust to the darkness. A sliver of light beamed under the massive metal door holding her in. 
Anger spilled over her in waves. “Who do you people think you are? What is your problem?” she yelled. The situation was ridiculous!  She hadn’t done anything wrong. She hadn’t killed anyone, caused any trouble, or broken any of their laws. She’d done exactly what Michael told her to do. More importantly, she’d done what she known was the right thing to do. She hadn’t called her parents to explain her disappearance or attempted to go home. 
This time she felt them enter. Numerous minds probed her thoughts. Her body seized, shoving her back against the wall as she fought to keep them out. It did no good. They took over and as if by magic, she found herself in the cabin—
Her eyes snapped open. Where was she? Bits and pieces of the previous night sparked to life. I have to get out of here. I have to find help!  Scanning the room, her eyes locked on an antique scrolled mantel clock over the fireplace. Six p.m. She had slept for twelve hours. 
Sitting up, she swung her feet over the edge of the bed. The shag carpet tickled her soles as she stood. Every fiber caressed her skin sending shivers up her legs. She slid her feet back and forth enjoying the tickling sensation. Droplets of red adorned the legs of her jeans. Tugging her shirt away from her body, she surveyed an identically colored stain covering her left shoulder and sliding down the side of her pink tee shirt. “It's ruined. I'll never get this out.”
Drawing in a deep breath, the haze lifted from her mind, and in its place, a feeling of invigoration and strength began to fill her. Not her normal strength, this was something else, something alien to her. If not for the fire in her throat, she would have felt wonderful. For a moment, the scents in the air caused her to pause. Raising her head, she sniffed. The place smelled of wood, both burned and freshly cut. A dusty unused smell permeated the air, but underlying there was something else. An unusual musky, sweet scent that seemed familiar, but she couldn't place it. 
Elizabeth crossed the room to the kitchenette before she even realized she was moving. Confused, she turned and surveyed the room. My mind must be playing tricks on me, she thought as she opened one of the cabinets. The cold metal pull felt strange in her hand. Running her finger over it, she felt a slight electrical discharge. Gently, she opened the cupboard door and reached in for a glass. As soon as her hand wrapped around it, the glass shattered into hundreds of pieces, sending shards flying across the counter. What the hell? 
Dusting the shards of glass from her shirt and hands, she attempted to pick up another glass. This time she was successful.  A smile played at the corners of her mouth as she came to the conclusion she'd had too much to drink last night. “That is the last time I go out drinking with the girls.”
The fridge was stocked with drinks. There was a six-pack of cheap beer, a crystal decanter of dark red wine, milk, and orange juice. The vegetable keeper housed a single package of moldy bologna. 
"Not much to choose from," she said as she decided on the juice. 
She patted her gurgling stomach. “You have to wait. I don't care how much noise you make, I'm not eating moldy lunch meat.”  The handle of the plastic quart jug crunched and flattened as she grabbed hold of it.  She hastily sat it on the counter beside the glass. Hundreds of thoughts and emotions skittered through her mind. What is happening to me? On the verge of being overrun with fear, she brought her hand to her forehead. It didn't feel unusually warm; in fact it felt cool to the touch. I wonder if someone slipped me acid? Maybe I'm hallucinating? 
The events of the previous evening toyed around the edges of her mind. She forced them back. It simply could not have happened that way, and she refused to waste any more time on delusions.  
Slowly, she picked up the juice and drank straight from the container. She gulped down half of the jug before her stomach clenched and her throat closed. The juice was rancid. She dropped the container and ran to the sink. Standing there, she rested her head on top of her arms, waiting for the nausea to run its course.
How long has this stuff been in here? Her mouth and eyes watered as her mind fought to control her body's instinct to heave. Once she was certain that her stomach would obey, she returned to the open refrigerator. Stepping over the spilled juice, she grabbed another container before glancing around the small kitchen for anything to wipe up the mess. Liquid fire erupted in her throat. The mess would have to wait.
Gingerly sniffing the milk, she decided it didn’t smell right either, so she popped the top of a beer and guzzled. It was disgusting. It tasted like someone had pureed shoes and put them in a can. 
Her thoughts centered on the aching burn in her throat. Need. Thirst. She needed to quench it, before she spontaneously combusted. She grabbed the unused glass and poured fresh water out of the tap. It didn’t taste any better than the other things, but at least it was cold and wet. Three glasses later, there was no relief and her stomach clenched again. She leaned over the sink as her stomach emptied its contents. A watered down orange color swirled down the drain. Something was terribly wrong. Whatever had been done to her, she needed to get to a doctor. 
Liz took one last look around the cabin, headed for the door, and stepped outside.
Evening had settled over the forest. Liz entered into a world she’d never seen before. Each tree, leaf, and blade of grass seemed to take on a life of its own. Her eyes focused on a tree several feet away. Amazed, she watched as lines of tiny ants scurried up and down the trunk. A barely audible squawk pulled her eyes in its direction. In the distance, she could see a small brown owl perched on a tree limb. She smelled soil and leaves rotting, mixed with the overwhelming scent of pine. But, lingering in the forest scents was a different odor. Whispering to her, it pulled her forward. She identified the luring bouquet. Food. Her mouth watered as it enticed her further into the woods. 
Coming closer to the delicious aroma's source, she was less able to focus. Desire drove her, forcing her forward. Beside a tree, not fifty yards away, a doe watched. The smell emanated from it. Poised to move, it lifted its muzzle. A light snarl escaped her lips as the burning thirst consumed her. The doe blurred as it turned and ran. 
Instinct took over and Liz followed. Throwing her body through the air, she barely felt the impact. Seconds later, the deer lay on the ground and she was perched on top sucking blood out of a gash in its neck. 
The burn was gone!  She felt exhilarated.  It was like being high without drugs and drunk without liquor. Somewhere in her head, Liz knew she should be disgusted by her actions, but she wasn‘t. She wanted more. 
A new hunt began. Sniffing and listening, in search of new prey, she ran through the woods as silent as death. Almost giddy with the anticipation of the next kill, she lost herself in the thrill. Liz drained two small does and a huge buck before her mind started to process what had happened. 
Power coursed through her veins as the hot blood filled her with unearthly warmth. Charged with this new vitality, she stretched and reveled in the power bursting within her. Mind and body filled with this new raw emotion, and overwhelmed by the woodland scents, she wiped the congealed blood from her chin with her sleeve. 
Her sleeve caught on something sharp. She tugged, ripping the fabric as she pulled her arm away. Her lips felt smooth and supple as they parted allowing her index finger to venture inside. Four sharp objects protruded from her teeth.
One word slithered through her mind…Vampire. Her mind reeled against the possibility of the existence of such a creature. Last night. It was all real. Everything she knew had to have been some sort of drug induced delusion was real. Logical or not, there was no alternative answer for what was happening. Her mind raged at the injustice of it. I can't. This can't--  Her scream of rage broke the silence of the forest sending birds and small animals flying for cover.
Liz dropped to her knees and again reached up to touch her newly found fangs. Her eyes sought the starry sky as she yelled, “How could you let this happen? I’m not evil!  Do you hear me? I’ll never be evil!”  Where she had once found peace and solace in prayer, now she felt nothing. No sense of well being. No sense of comfort. Just the cold loneliness of the damned. A labored sob escaped her chest. Chest heaving, her shoulders shook. She lifted her sleeve to wipe away the tears, but her cheeks remained dry. Where are the tears? Why don't I have tears?
Just under the terror another feeling asserted itself. A feeling of desolation and emptiness. And nestled within, anger and hate. Darkness. The darkness ate at the terror consuming and filling, until the horror was gone. Within seconds, all other emotions silent, the only feeling left oozed from the emptiness and the wicked power of the darkness. “No!” she screamed. Then closing her eyes, she whispered, “I am not evil,” over and over until the feeling receded.
Dejected, she sat on the hard ground trying to figure out what to do. A rustle to the left caused her to turn. A tiny rabbit wiggled its nose as it watched her from under a fern frond. The soft brown eyes, for just an instant, met with Liz's. That instant was all it took. It stood frozen in place just a few feet away. “Come here little guy. Come see me.”
After a short pause, the cute ball of fuzz hopped over to her. 
She reached out, and taking it in her hands, brought it to her face. The fur tickled, sending a delicious shiver down her back. Its’ little heart beat furiously in her hand. Closing her eyes, she breathed in its scent. The smell was warm and musky with tinges of earth and pine. A faint sour smell grew stronger as she felt warm fluid flow down her arm. 
“Ewww.”  She held it away from her allowing it to finish over the ground. Standing it on end, she turned it and gazed into its eyes. “I'm not going to hurt you, buddy. You don't have to be afraid of me.” 
Its’ nose twitched rapidly, but its heart began to slow.
Sighing, she released the tiny animal and watched it hop away. So I can control it when I want to. I just have to keep hold of myself. She rose and began dusting off her jeans.  
Liz knew she could not go home. She couldn’t risk killing her whole family when she got there. Her heart tightened in her chest as she thought of her mother and father. Pain seared through her. I can never go home. I can never see anyone I love again. In fact, if she had any say about it she was not killing anyone at all. 
Where do you go when unexpectedly, you discover you’re a blood-sucking ghoul? Town was out. She couldn’t control herself with the deer until the blood-lust was satiated, so she certainly wasn't going anywhere near people. She had no choice but to find him, but how could he help her? What could he possibly do besides kill her? She glanced around the woods. Even with her new abilities, she couldn't locate him. Who even knows where he could be by now? At the very least he could answer some questions. Last night he could have killed her, but now she wasn't so sure. 
Walking over to the nearest tree, she pushed with all her might. Although she expected the tree to move, amazement filled her as it crashed to the forest floor, sending dust and dry leaves high into the air. “Well that's cool.”  A smile worked at her mouth as she flicked at a small limb. The limb split from the trunk and flew into a nearby tree with a resounding thwack. “Okay, that's really cool.”  
Her gaze shifted to the east. Far above her on the side of the hill, stood an old gnarled pin oak. She sped in its direction. Air lifted her hair for a moment, and in the course of one breath, Liz was beside the large tree. The smile that had threatened before spread over her face as she gazed at the span of distance covered. “Holy crap, I'm fast.”  
Looking up, she judged the height of the oak. Twenty? Maybe thirty feet? Crouched, she flung her body upwards. Skimming through the branches, she neatly landed on a small protruding limb. Arms outstretched to balance, she surveyed the surrounding area.
Once again she raised her eyes to the sky. “So you're going to leave me to do this alone, huh? Fine.”  With that, Liz jumped and landed with a small thud at the base of the tree. Inside her, the darkness swelled. She closed her eyes and by sheer force of will, squelched the dark power. I will be who I am. No matter what, I will be me, she thought as she gained control of the power within her. For a moment, the darkness receded, but she could still feel it lingering within her, ready to spring forth. It frightened her. What if she couldn’t continue to rein it in? Okay, Liz. Get a hold of yourself. Think!  You need something to level the playing field. 
Her mind ran through old movies and books she had read. She bent and pulled off an average sized, sturdy limb. Using her fingernail, she pushed against the green wood. Long shavings curled up and fell off as she sharpened the end.
“If this jack-off reacts the same as last night, he’s going down.” She was ready. Her body felt strong and her mind was clear. First we talk. If he's unreasonable... 
Liz stretched, reveling in the strength. She didn't know if she could take him in a fight, but she wasn't giving up without one. Her cold eyes held no mirth as her lips twisted into a wicked grin.

Chapter Three
The Fortress

Laughter filtered through her mind, leaving a dull pain in her head as her thoughts became her own and the cell came back into focus. From a seated position she launched her body at the iron door. The darkness insidiously consumed her as she beat on the door in rage. Iron buckled and dented as her fists slammed against it. Each blow resonated throughout the small cell with a deafening boom. Finally, she screamed at the top of her voice, “Will you just do something and get this over with!  You’re torturing me for nothing. I’ve done nothing wrong!”  Her voice echoed in the silence, bouncing off the walls. Breathing heavily, she quelled the storm inside her. If she were going to die, it would be with dignity. If it was going to happen, it would happen to Liz, not some monster. 
A discernible noise made its way through the quiet. Footsteps. Footsteps in the outer passageway coming toward her. She was out of time. They were giving her what she’d asked for--death. 
Surprisingly, the door opened without so much as a creak and the room flooded with light. After the long period of darkness, the dim torchlight seemed so bright that it hurt Liz’s eyes. She blinked until they adjusted. The small-cloaked figure from the Council stood in the passageway. “Just one more thing and then this matter will be put to rest. We can easily take control, you’ve seen that. However, your powers are developing with surprising speed. This last intrusion could be quite painful for you without your compliance.”
Liz sighed. It wasn’t as if they’d really given her the option of saying no. “Go ahead.”
Without any fanfare, she was hiking through the forest trying to mentally prepare for the looming altercation with her attacker. The fact that she might not find him never entered her mind. She was determined to find out how this happened and if there was anything she could do to return to normal. Growing up, her dreams and goals had centered on finding the right job and the right man. Being a vampire didn't enter into the equation. The shock of finding herself in this predicament had begun to wear off. Thoughts of what she might be able to accomplish began to fill her mind.
Maybe she could be a superhero of sorts. Seeking out evil-doers and setting them on better paths. She didn't have to be a monster. It was obvious she could live on animal blood. Visions of herself wearing a skin-tight, black leather outfit with a black cape streaming behind caused her to giggle. She saw herself standing on the edge of a skyscraper, long, auburn hair flailing behind her in the wind. I could do it. I'd have no problem leaping the tall buildings. Mind reading isn't entirely out of the question. And the strength... If I use these new powers for something good, maybe I can be redeemed. It wasn't like I chose this path. 
Deep in thought, she didn't notice the eerie stillness around her, until she stopped to listen. Her eyes scanned the dark forest looking for some clue as to where the watcher was hidden. After a few moments, she heard his deep voice chuckle. She knew he wasn’t actually there. She couldn’t see or smell anyone. 
“Do you really think you can kill me, Elizabeth Markum?”  
Her eyes darted around as she turned in a circle trying to locate him. “Where are you? Come out here and face me you coward!”  
“Coward? I'm afraid you've mistaken me for someone else. I hope you slept well.” 
Her hand fluttered to her temple, massaging the tender area. The cabin and its contents flashed in her mind. A man's jacket and muddy shoes by the door, thick curtains at the windows, and no food to speak of.  That familiar scent she couldn't quite recognize. A sick feeling settled in her stomach as she realized she’d spent the night in his home. 
“You have a lovely family. Do you dream of them often?” 
The veiled threat to her family crossed the line. After that, her questions didn't matter. The only thing that mattered...was killing him. 
“I think you had better come to me, Elizabeth. There are things we need to --”  
“Oh I’m coming, and you better be ready when I get there!” She knew no one was around to hear her voice, but she felt better saying it out loud. Her pace quickened as anger took over. She sped through the forest, leaving no trace other than dry leaves floating in her wake. 
“I’ll be there soon,” he answered. 
How can a voice sound sexy and cruel at the same time? It was mesmerizing to hear him. No wonder she’d ended up on the beach alone with him. “It's not going to work this time,” she yelled out to the invisible voice.
Chuckle. 
“Get out of my head. I’ll tell you exactly what I think without you eavesdropping.” With her newly crafted stake in hand, she approached the cabin for the second time. This time she was ready for him. Liz stopped short, just inside the clearing. All her senses were in overdrive. This time she could hear the slight tick of tiny ant legs running up and down the trees. Breathing in, she smelled his sweet aroma mixed with earth and pine. For some reason, it did not seem as nauseating as it had the night before.
“Soon. Patience is a virtue.”  
Unwilling to play his game, she marched straight to the front door and went inside. Even before she stepped into the room, a new scent pulled her. Salty-sweet with a bit of metallic, it caused her stomach to rumble in an entirely different way this time. A low growl escaped her burning throat.
Before her stood a squat grey-haired man in his mid fifties. The shock on his face mirrored her own. Upon getting a good look at her, that shock turned to fear. “What are you doing here? Who are you?”
A red haze seemed to blur her vision. Liz grabbed the doorframe to steady herself.  Her fingers sunk into the wood as if it were made of putty.  In the pit of her gut she felt the darkness raging to be set free. “I...you...where’s--?”  She tried to force out words, but the crazed thoughts in her head and his scent prevented anything other than heavy breathing. Her chest heaved as her breaths came faster and faster.
“Young lady, this is private property. The owner of this cabin doesn’t take kindly to trespassers.”  He said and took a step towards her.
Her hand shot out in front of her. “Stay back. Don’t come any closer.”  A cold blue fire began to burn in her eyes, turning the normal every day blue into the luminous eyes of a predator.
“Listen Miss…whatever your name is. You should know that the owner of this particular cabin is not one to be trifled with. He will be here shortly, I assure you. ”
Keeping her hand out, she attempted to bring her breathing under control. Through the red haze, her eyes focused on his face, but as if they had a will of their own, they moved to a spot on his neck. It pulsed and moved with every beat of his heart calling her. “Stay back. Please,” she begged.
His expression held both fear and concern. “Look, Hun. It looks to me like you’re in a bit of trouble. Now I’m not going to hurt you. I know just exactly what you need, if you’ll just take yourself across the room over there,” he pointed, “I’ll fix you right up.”
Liz followed his finger to the bed on the far side of the room and lost the battle to keep the darkness in check. Her voice grew soft and enticing. “I can do that. Why don’t you come over here first?”
His eyes widened before darting between her and the door. “Oh no, girly. You’ve got this all wrong. If I’m going to help you, you need to get out of my way.”
As if outside her body, she listened to a voice that sounded nothing like her own enticing the man. Part of her cringed at the words she said and the implied intentions. She tried to rein it in and make it stop, but his smell—he smelled so—edible. 
“Elizabeth, stop!”  Blasted into her skull. So loud, the speaker should have been in the same room.
Another growl rumbled through her chest as she took a step forward and to the side.
The man’s hands went up in front of him. “Now just calm down.”  Still eyeing the door, he made a running break for it.
She slammed it shut before he could make it out. Cat-like she pounced. She saw nothing other than the red haze covering her vision. Hot, slightly bitter fluid poured down her gullet squelching the burn. Dizzy with the nearly orgasmic feel of it, her jaw tightened and she felt her teeth sink deeper into his flesh. His shrieks could not block out the slurping-sucking sounds as she drank. Inwardly screaming at herself to stop, she had no control. Nothing would stop the darkness from draining every last drop of the delicious nectar.
Within seconds his cries of terror changed to barely audible pleas for mercy. “Don’t. You don’t have to. Please.”
The door behind them splintered from the hinges and slammed into them. Flying backward, Liz lost her hold on the man and scrambled to her feet. The raven haired man from the night before stood between her and the prey. “Get out of my way,” she hissed.
“Calm down. Had I known you’d wake so early, I’d have been here sooner.”
Momentarily glancing at his face, she returned her gaze to the victim standing behind him holding his throat. “Get out of my way.”
“It’s not happening, Liz. Give up before you get hurt,” Michael answered.
Her eyes darted back and forth between the two. The older man groaned. Blood seeped through his fingers and ran down his arm.
Her tongue slipped from her mouth, running over her supple burgundy lips. Unable to wrest her gaze from the ruby fluid dripping from the man’s elbow, another growl rumbled softly through her chest. Pure animal instinct kicked into overdrive and she crouched and sprung through the air. With lightening speed, he stepped out of the way. She landed behind him and spun. Aiming for his nose, she threw her right fist. Before it could reach the desired destination, his hand clutched hers with an iron grip. Holding tight, he pulled, twisted, and was behind her with his arms wrapped tightly around her waist. 
"Had enough?" he whispered in her ear. 
The coldness of his breath sent a pleasant shiver down her spine. She shook her head and struggled against him.
With little effort, he lifted her body and briskly walked outside.
Out in the open air, the haze lifted and the knowledge of what she’d done overwhelmed her. Even the blood high was not enough to assuage her guilt. Grief and disgust burrowed through her. Her body went limp. It was then that she realized he still held her tightly against him. His rock hard body sent a shock through her own. Trembling, she whispered, “I’m all right now. Put me down.”
His grip loosened allowing her feet to touch the ground, but his arms remained closed around her. “You need to stay right here for just a little longer. When Amos leaves I’ll let you go.” 
As if on cue, the older man appeared in the cabin doorway. “You got this, boss?”
“We’re good. You?”
Still covering his neck, Amos answered, “I’ll live. Thanks to you. I think I’d better be moseying--if you know what I mean.”
“Quickly.”  Michael agreed.
Amos nodded and began walking around the side of the cabin. 
“Hey, Amos?”  
He stopped and glanced back. “Yep?”
“I’m sorry I was late. I didn’t expect--”
“It’s okay, Michael. Hazards of the job.”
A few seconds later, the hum of a car’s engine roaring to life filled the air. Michael waited as the sound faded into the distance before releasing his hold on Liz.
She stumbled forward, grabbing a large tree trunk for stability. “You’re--I’m--I almost--”
“Yes.”
Her stomach clenched, closing her throat. 
“Don’t. Fight it. If you do you’ll have to--”
Bent over, still holding onto the tree, her mind won the battle with her body and the contents of her stomach emptied. 
“--hunt again,” Michael finished.
A tearless sob escaped her chest as the cell came back into focus. She pulled in her legs and rolled to the side holding her throbbing head. “Please stop,” she begged. “Please.”
But they didn’t listen. They wouldn’t. 
“Not much more,” the woman’s voice whispered in her mind. “Open your mind to us. It isn’t painful when you’re willing.”  The room went black and she was back in the cabin.
Seeing him caused a dull ache in her chest. Confusion clouded her thinking as some nefarious force tugged inside her. 
He towered over her. His sheer size made her feel small and vulnerable. As he moved, the muscles on his chest and arms rippled through the baby blue polo he wore. His hair cascaded down his head in a whirlpool of dark, shiny curls. It was a little longer than she preferred, but then again, she’d never been attracted to men with dark hair. Sparkling green eyes, reminiscent of that first green of spring when leaves are fresh and bright in the morning sun, peered from a nest of long thick lashes. He blinked. His crimson lips drew back slightly to show perfectly formed teeth and her heart began beating erratically. Even knowing what he was did not alter his beauty.  
Apparently, he found the situation comical. She didn’t happen to agree. Angry with herself for feeling such a strong attraction to this creature, and even more upset with him, her fists tightened. 
“You don’t have to worry about me now,” he answered with a grin. 
“I should kill you.”
He smiled. “Such hostility. And a serious waste of time. That little stake you carved wouldn’t have done you any good.”  His lips drew to the side as he made a tisking sound.
She took a step back. “Oh yeah? Well, how would someone, theoretically, kill someone like you?”  
He cocked one eyebrow while his lips curled into a smirk. “You really aren't in any danger now. I had to hunt you last night. Our laws don’t allow us to make new ones without permission. They also do not allow us to kill each other without provocation. Had I found you before the change was complete, I was duty bound to dispatch you.”
“Dispatch me? That sounds like a lame way to say rip out my throat. Oh, no, wait--I forgot you did that already.”  Uneasiness returned as she felt him gaining access to her thoughts. Feeling the tension build inside her, she forced him out. “If your laws don’t allow you to make new ones, why am I here?” 
Still grinning, he nodded, and gave a slight bow acknowledging defeat. “Honestly, I didn’t expect you to turn like that. It’s never happened before.” As if meeting her for the first time, he offered his hand. “Just in case you don’t remember, I’m Michael.”
Son of Satan would be more appropriate. 
Ignoring the thought in her mind, he sighed and shook his head. “There’ll be trouble over this. You have no idea how lucky you are I stopped you from killing poor old Amos. Regardless, we must go before the Council of elders tonight.”  
“You’re going to get in trouble? Have you happened to notice that you killed me last night?”  Liz nearly hissed as she spoke. The darkness bloomed inside her, and like a rising mist it attached to her anger. Seeping throughout her, it began to take control. 
“How exactly do you propose I explain this one to my parents? …Oh gee mom, I kinda had a crush on this vampire last night. And the jackass bit me so I can’t come home for like…ever! Yeah that’s going to go over real well.”
“Look I’m not exactly thrilled with this situation either. You were supposed to be lunch and I generally don’t play with my food.”  Stepping forward, his smile dissipated as he loomed over her. “You’re stuck with me. Get used to it.”  With a shake of his head and another annoying chuckle, he turned and walked away.
His brusqueness rushed through her, giving birth to that primal instinct. She hurdled towards him. He met her mid air, wrapped his arms around her, and landed lightly on his feet. Liz growled and snapped, trying to sink her fangs into his neck. His grasp eased just enough for him to spin her around.
“This is becoming redundant,” he whispered in her ear. 
Once again, his breath caused vibrations within her. Her anger refused to allow the reaction to gain strength. "You killed me, you monster! Y-You took everything away from me.” 
“I did, but you didn’t stay dead. So, no harm, no foul. Right?”  
She didn’t answer. The muscles in her face pulled tight. His humor washed over her in an overbearing wave. Her life, all of it, was gone. She had already suspected there was no way to better the situation, but now she understood that she couldn’t even kill the man who had done this to her. Worse than that, she didn’t even know if she wanted to. To journey to a Council of Vampires seemed too much, like far more than anyone should have to bear in one day’s passing.  Bit by bit, her body relaxed against his as a deep sadness replaced the anger.
Michael sighed and loosened his grip. Grabbing hold of her hand, he led her into the cabin. 
She tried to yank free as she stumbled behind him. “Let go of me.” 
“Come in, we have a lot to talk about.”  He looked over his shoulder. “Hopefully you didn’t expel all of Amos’s unwilling donation. Otherwise, you should be fine until tomorrow night.” He turned around and continued walking, pulling her behind him.
“I said let me go.”  Liz said through clenched teeth as she yanked hard and pulled him off balance.
Michael faced her. His eyes glowed. “Do you really want to do this again? It didn't go so well for you last two times.”
Liz squared her shoulders, pushing her chin up in defiance. 
“I could just carry you.”
She didn't want to be that close to his body again. Did she? Relenting, she followed.
Once inside, she sat at the table and let her eyes wander around the small cabin. Nothing about the place screamed vampire. He pulled open a cupboard door and placed two wine goblets on the counter. Opening the fridge, he pulled out the large carafe.
“Everything in there is rancid you know,” she said. 
“It’s not rancid, Liz. It’s people food and you’re not human anymore. If you had done a little more digging, you would have found the carafe of blood I keep in here and wouldn’t have needed to slaughter all those poor innocent deer or attack my sentinel.”
“You’re kidding me, right? You killed me last night. Drank my blood, and now you‘re preaching to me?”  Crossing her arms over her chest, she sulked in her seat muttering, “You’re insane. Totally, undeniably, insane!”
“There is a difference.”
“Explain this so-called difference, would you? I don’t remember giving you consent to rip out my throat.”
“Technically, it was a bite not a rip. And I wouldn’t have taken much if you hadn’t fought so hard. Even then, you shouldn’t have turned. I planned on leaving you on a bench at the boardwalk where your friends could find you. But you changed and ran.” 
“I felt your anger and hate. It was brutal. If you’d found me last night, you would have ripped me to shreds.”  She couldn’t believe the nerve of this guy. And why was she just sitting here having a conversation with the lunatic, like being turned into a vampire was nothing at all? 
Michael’s broad shoulders slumped as he sighed. Liz watched as his perfectly manicured hand slid down the wine goblet’s stem. Something about the way it moved over the glass made her insides tingle. Her tongue darted out of her mouth, moving over her lips. Frustration melted, leaving her with an odd feeling of desire. She wasn’t certain whether she wanted the man or the blood. 
Michael circled the rim of the glass with his finger, noticed the change in her demeanor, and continued, “I was angry and didn’t understand what was going on. Can’t say that I understand it now either. At first, I thought I’d taken too much blood, but that’s not even possible. I knew I had to find you. I was in the thirst, and you know now how the thirst overwhelms you. It is easier to surrender to it.” His mouth drew up in a cute little smirk as he continued, “Did you really want to hurt Amos?” 
“Of course not. I’d never--” What was wrong with her? Her body bristled with desire to be closer to him, but every time she tried to speak she sounded more like a petulant child than a twenty-four-year-old woman. 
Liz felt addle brained. Everything he was repulsed her. But at the same time, she liked him. The sound of his voice. His scent. His looks. It was maddening. Ridiculous. She was angry, happy, exhilarated, and scared all at the same time. Nothing made sense anymore. Why can't I stay mad at him? 
Sitting there watching him, she had an uncontrollable urge to reach out and touch him. Just to feel his skin next to hers. Then revulsion filled her. What’s wrong with me? Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she found herself staring at his lips and wondered what it would feel like to kiss him. Her entire body buzzed as if millions of microscopic bees had somehow entered inside her. The cabin suddenly felt a whole lot smaller than when she’d entered and she was having trouble breathing. I’m going insane. 
Michael read her discomfort and drew his mouth to one side, trying hard not to laugh. “Drink, Liz, and listen. I'll try to explain what is happening to you.”  
She nodded. 
“I’m going to begin with I’m sorry.”  He reached out and touched her hand. 
At first she flinched, drawing her hand away. After meeting his gaze, she placed her hand back on the table. Once again, Michael reached out to touch her. Her body reacted with an explosion of goose bumps. 
“I really don’t know what else to say.”
“Uh huh,” she replied. Liz was trying to concentrate on what he was saying, but her body was still reacting to his gentle touch.
“When vampires decide to take a partner, we must go before the Council of Elders to obtain permission. There are many rules and regulations we live by. This helps us to remain unnoticed and safe.”  
“How does it all work?”  She whispered. “How did I become what I am now?”  
“I don’t understand it myself,” he sighed. “We feed mostly off of human blood, taking only what we need to survive. To become a vampire you must be bitten three times. Vampires have a kind of venom that isn’t harmful in small quantities. That’s why we never take blood from the same person more than twice.”  
“So what happened?”  She had to figure out where to go from here. A gentle mental nudge announced that he was once again entering her mind. Liz narrowed her eyes and glared at him.
Michael smirked. “That’s what I’m trying to tell you. I do not know. I’ve never laid eyes on you before last night. I can be almost certain from your scent that you have never been taken by another. This is profoundly impossible.”  
It was clear that he was being sincere. “Can I honestly trust the Son of Satan to be honest with me?”  She thought to herself.
“Would you please call me by my given name?”  
“Will you please stay out of my head,” she answered.
“Look, I didn’t turn you on purpose,” he snapped. As Liz stared at him, with her lips snarled in anger, he calmed. 
He bowed his head once in what seemed like an apology, before continuing. “Now, we have bigger things to worry about. We have to see the Council tonight. There is no other option. The minute you changed, they knew you existed. If we don’t go before them tonight, they will hunt you down themselves.”  
His eyes meant business. She knew he wasn’t lying. “But I'm already dead. I mean I am dead, right?”  
Michael’s forehead wrinkled in thought. A fierceness in his eyes scared her. He looked away for a moment, then his eyes met hers and his face and voice softened as he said, “There is more than one kind of dead. Your human body is dead. It no longer works as it used to. But make no mistake, you are alive. More alive than you've ever really been. This new life can be taken from you as well, and after they finish with you, they will take care of me.”  
“They’ll kill you?”  A sick feeling settled in her stomach. Why do I care? This is madness!  
“You can’t help it, we are connected now. That is the one thing about turning someone that is supposed to make it worthwhile. When you change, you are connected to the vamp that turned you. It can wear off over time, but that is rarely heard of. Neither of us have a choice. Already, it would cause me pain to lose you. I know you feel the pull. I can feel it within you. The closer we are physically, the stronger the connection becomes. That is why this is so serious, and no, they won’t kill me, but there are worse things than death.”  His voice shook at the last with a twinge of fear.
“What could be worse than death?” 
He leaned forward. “Look at me.”  He placed his hand under her chin. Another shot of something, akin to electricity, ran through her body as he touched her.  “You know how you feel about me right now? What I’m feeling is much stronger than that because I made you. As time passes, these feelings will only deepen. Imagine losing someone you feel that connected to, and then being stuck in a cage, walled off from everyone and everything for a hundred years or so. And in that deep lonely abyss, you are drowning in the inner darkness and thirst. No physical contact. No voices. No blood. A complete and total deprivation of everything, except pain.”  His voice was full of emotion. He paused. 
Her head dropped as she looked at her hands. “I feel...well, this darkness. It pools inside me. Sometimes, I think if I'm not careful, it will consume me and take over. Like it's killing who I am.”
 “It will, if you allow it to. Not all of us are bad. Those who have a sense of who they are can hold on to the essence of their being. Those who cannot...”  His words gave out as he watched a kaleidoscope of emotion pass over her face. 
She had a beautiful face. Her blue eyes glowed, setting off the red highlights in her gloriously long hair. Her natural pallor was more pronounced now that she was fully vampire. Pink in her human form, her full lips had become crimson. He wanted to see her smile again. He remembered her smiling and laughing last night. He had almost talked himself into not taking blood from her before she finally conceded to go with him. Even before she'd turned he was strangely drawn to her. As he gazed on her lovely face, he remembered thinking that he could keep this one forever. 
Liz didn’t even realize that he hadn’t spoken out loud. “You did it on purpose,” she exclaimed shoving away from the table. “You changed me on purpose so that you could keep me like a...a pet!”
“I didn’t. I already told you it must be three times. There is no other way to change someone.”
Emotional turmoil erupted. Her family. Her friends. How could she leave them all? “What am I going to do? I can’t just disappear. I can’t just leave and let my parents and family wonder what happened to me. I have friends, a job, and a life!  Everyone that was with me last night will blame themselves. I have nieces and nephews I want to watch grow up. I can’t just be a vampire!”  Hysteria flooded her thoughts.  How is a person supposed to deal with something like this? Her mother would never recover from her disappearance.  It would kill her.
“I’ll figure it out, Liz. I just need time to think about it,” he answered as he stood and paced the small kitchen. “I know I got you into this and there is no way out now, but I’ll figure out what to do to and at least try to make it up to you. I just need time.”
“What will the Council do tonight?” Liz asked.
“First they must determine whether or not the law has been broken. Then they will read your thoughts and heart and decide if you can be trusted with our secret. They will read mine as well and evaluate our bond. Once they know if it is strong enough for me to stay with you and guide you, they will gauge your self-control to determine if you can be allowed to live. The number one rule for all vampires is to keep the secret, Liz. No one must ever know that we truly exist. No one. It is an immediate death sentence for a vampire to break that rule. There are no questions asked when it comes to rule breakers.”  He paused, but the thoughts in his head continued. I have to save her. 
“Save me from them?” she whispered.
“You're doing it now, you know?” he laughed.
“Doing what?” 
“You’re in my head now, hearing me think.”
“How am I doing that?”  
“We all do it. That’s one small benefit of being what we are. We can hear each other and most humans. Telepathic communication is just the beginning. It usually takes longer for that particular ability to develop though.”  
As she watched him, she realized that he looked much older than she had originally thought. Last night, she thought he was maybe twenty-five, but right now, he looked older. His forehead furrowed in thought gave him the appearance of someone in their late thirty’s.  
“So what are these powers? I already know I’m much stronger, and I can apparently read minds. I’m Superman fast. What else can I do? Turn to mist? Fly? Will I turn into a bat?”  
“No,” he smirked and rolled his eyes, “You will not turn into a bat. Some can learn to levitate, but it can take hundreds of years to master. You now have the ability to talk anyone you come into contact with into doing anything you wish. We call it glamouring. But I think you might have already been able to do that,” he said with a wink. 
Liz bit the side of her lip and looked away. His masculinity overwhelmed her. She was afraid if she spoke that something altogether embarrassing would come out. 
“You will never age.  You will never suffer from human illnesses, and you are nearly indestructible. You will always be able to tell if there are other vampires around you, within fifty miles or so.  The scent of a human will alert you to any infirmity they might carry as well as notification of any previous vampire claim to the intended prey.  The strength you have now will grow as the years go by. The older you get, the stronger you’ll become.”  
Michael leaned in closer gazing into her eyes. “This part is extremely important. There are some among us that can read our thoughts right now from across the planet, should they choose. In time, you will learn to close your mind to others, making it much harder for them to locate you and know your thoughts. It is imperative you learn this. Your survival depends on it.”  
Liz returned his gaze. “W-What do you mean by that?”
He leaned back in his chair breaking the mental hold he had put on her. “Do you remember in the woods? How you tried to hide your mind from me?”
She nodded.
“You must learn to do that all the time. You will feel the nudge of something not quite right in your head. Just like you did a little while ago. You must pay attention at all times and when the feeling comes over you, close your mind exactly like you did with me.”
“I don’t understand. I’m one of you now.”
Michael ran his hand through his thick dark hair as he paused. “There’ll be time for all of that later. Just remember what I’ve said.”
It had not taken her long to figure out what she was, but having it all laid out for her was almost too much to comprehend. Her mind raced through the possibilities this new found existence could offer. Strength, success, fortune; it was limitless. A vast knowledge gained over an undetermined amount of time could allow her to be or take anything she wanted. As the darkness inside her once again reared, Liz shut it down. I will be me. Just me and no one else.
Michael could see that Liz had come to a breaking point. He did not need to read her mind to understand the look on her face. “Look, let’s just focus on what is ahead this evening. We have a long night before us and we need to get going. The Council will meet at midnight and we have several hundred miles to go.”  
“I’m scared,” she whispered. 
Michael reached out and took her hand. He held it with an almost reverent gentleness, but the sensation of muted raw power radiated from his touch. Once again, her body jumped into overdrive. 
“I know you are, but if you’ll allow me, I can explain things easier and faster in your mind than I can vocally. We have to get going if we are to get there in time.”
The old shed behind the cabin doubled as a garage for Michael’s car. It didn’t really look like much, just an old beat up Nova.  At one time it might have been orange with black racing stripes up the hood, but the paint was so weathered it was hard to be sure. It was fast, too fast. 
In her current stressed state, she found it hard to concentrate. The images appeared fuzzy and unclear. Inhaling deeply, she closed her eyes, leaned back against the leather seat, and relaxed. The fuzz smoothed into vivid pictures that flashed through her mind. The sounds and smells that accompanied them eerily made it seem like she was there. 
There were too many young ones running wild and wreaking havoc on the rest of the world, and several old ones who refused to be bothered with secrecy, or the sanctity of human lives. The Great Plague had nothing to do with rats, but an overabundance of hungry young vampires. The many ships that lost entire crews to scurvy were another vamp problem. The Salem Witch Hunts began because of vampires. Liz quickly discovered that vampires were most assuredly the monsters legends claimed them to be.
“Wait. Stop. You're going too fast.”  Liz said as she rubbed her temples.
“There's a lot to tell and not much time.”
She shook her head. “You'll have to make time. Witch hunts? Scurvy? How am I supposed to process this junk? I mean seriously, we're talking the dark ages here.”
Eyes focused on the road, Michael answered, “Yes, we are talking dark ages and beyond. You need to focus. Empty your mind. Allow the visions to flow into you.”
“But this can't be real. I mean...it just can't. How did your people manage to keep this a secret for so long?”  Liz moved her hands across her denim clad legs, nervously picking lint and debris from the fibers. 
He thought a moment before answering, “Mortals, back then, did not believe vampires were myth. Stories handed down over the centuries, eventually became published. In some places, they were considered a matter of public record. Then the extermination began. Tired of constantly being hunted by humans and moving from their nests, the oldest and strongest of the remaining vampires came together to form the Council. 
“As the Council gained control, the others either joined them or were destroyed. The Council made no concessions; the law was written in stone. The foremost of these rules was keeping the secret. Every other law was built on that primary law. For the first time in history, peace replaced chaos, and vampires lived in anonymity.”
“That’s pretty vague.”
Raising an eyebrow, he glanced at her. “The dead don't tell stories, Liz. Any who are defiant enough to prove our existence to mortals, is put to death. And any mortal having definite proof...”
Turning away, Liz gazed out the window. “So you just murdered anyone who knew you were real. Wow. Some Council you have there. I can see how that's so much better than the previous situation.”  
Michael sighed. “You need to try to understand. In the modern world they call it collateral damage. And there weren't all that many who died because of such knowledge. Even back then, many humans found it difficult to believe. After a while, the stories became just that. Stories.”  
She nodded, folded her arms across her chest, and refused to look at him.
He explained the connection and how, when used properly, it would keep the new ones with the maker. It only failed when a greedy or lonely vamp changed too many within a short time. Those that had no connection could not be controlled. They could not help themselves. Without the proper guidance of a maker, their senses went into overdrive. They could not fight the power within them and no one could rein them in.
“So this connection will not allow me to leave you?”  
“If you wanted too, you could leave. The first few hours are extremely important. Those initial hours bind the newly made to the maker. Some humans have strong minds and even stronger wills. Those are the hardest to control. It is a fairly sure bet that any human showing signs of aggression, or evil, will be consumed by the inner darkness. That is why it is necessary for the Council to evaluate each chosen partner. They no longer allow the turning of humans who cannot be controlled.”
“What about me? What do you think they will say about me?”
Michael removed one hand from the steering wheel and patted her leg. “You are doing well. Extremely well. You are the first newly made I’ve seen to completely quiet the darkness without help. It is truly impressive.”  
Liz sat, hands clenched tight around the seat cushion and door handle, and listened.  Her eyes closed as she tried to process the previous onslaught of information. After several minutes, her lids fluttered opened, and her gaze drifted to him. “This is all real, isn’t it? I'm just having a hard time grasping this. Even after everything I've seen and done.”  She paused for a moment, then sliding her body to the side, faced him. “Everything you’ve just shown me is real, and I am really part of it now.”  Her voice barely registered above a whisper. 
Michael glanced at her for a brief second before answering. “Yes, you are as much a part of our past as you are our future.”  Overcome with guilt for what had happened to this amazing woman, he looked away. 
Being a vampire, Michael wasn’t prone to feeling guilty about anything. He knew the connection was stronger than what humans called love, but it was beginning to dawn on him that somehow, in some way, he actually cared about Liz. Not just because of the connection, there was something even stronger and deeper going on. He was having the same trouble as she, focusing on what needed to be done and said.  
His eyes kept wandering over Liz. His hands did not want to stay on the steering wheel. What they really wanted to do was pull her close. He desired nothing more than to brush his lips against her awaiting mouth. And if she didn’t stop flashing that vivid image in his mind, he might end up doing just that. His knuckles whitened as his fingers tightened on the steering wheel.  
“Are you okay?”  Her soft words broke into his thoughts.
“Yeah. Why?
“Nothing. Just…”  Her voice trailed off as she shrugged her shoulders. She turned away and watched the passing scenery through the passenger side window.
They rode the rest of the way in silence. 
As trees and the dotted yellow line in the road flashed by, her thoughts turned to family and home. She envisioned her mother at the stove standing over a large pot of chili while her father restlessly read the newspaper at the kitchen table. “Why hasn't she called? She calls every day,” her mother would ask.
She imagined her father’s response. Without glancing away from his coveted Wall Street section, he’d answer, “She's fine, Momma. You know how young people are. She's off with her friends having a good time is all. They do move out for a reason.”  
Sure, that's what's going on now, she thought. But when the phone starts ringing and everyone wants to know where I am, what then? Liz stretched her mind, hoping she could somehow make contact with them. The only thing she felt in response was cold emptiness. I'll be all right, mom. Don't worry. She hung her head in sorrow and wished she could cry.

***

The digital clock on the dashboard flipped to eleven just as they pulled into the parking lot of an old abandoned lumberyard. He pulled the Nova between a red Jaguar and a black ’69 Mustang Fastback.  
Her voice trembled with fear as she asked, “Are we here already?”  
“This is it. Looks like a full house tonight,” he said with the irritating chuckle that she had somehow grown fond of. “Everyone wants a ring side seat for tonight’s festivities.”
“What festivities?” 
He forced himself to look away from her. Her face, her smell, her hair; he wanted so desperately to reach out and pull her into his arms. Even under these dire circumstances, it was difficult to think about anything else. 
Michael shrugged and said, “Some have been waiting a long time for this.”  
“Why?”
“Because I am the Council assassin. It is my duty to take the lives of those that break the law.”  
“So you’re a vampire killer?”  She looked incredulous as she laughed. Her laughter cut off as she realized what that meant. “Doesn’t that mean that most of those inside hate you?”  
“Most of those inside have lost others because of me. They are here tonight hoping to see my head roll.” 
She shook her head. “No.”  She didn't know how she felt about him, but she knew that he wasn't to blame for her situation. Not completely anyhow. And although she still harbored some resentment, she didn’t want to see him die. He was a friend. A friend? Yes he is my friend. I don't want anything bad to happen to him either.
He reached up and brushed her cheek with the back of his fingers. It was softer than he remembered. “No matter what happens tonight, believe me when I tell you that I had no intention of bringing you into this, and I am sorry.”
He wrapped his hand around hers and together, they walked toward the dilapidated structure. Michael felt a tug as Liz stopped. 
She brought her free hand to the side of her head. Hundreds of voices whispered at once. Brief images flickered in her mind before winking out.
“What is that? It's awful.”  
“You’ll learn to block it.”  Michael pulled on her hand urging her to continue. 
She pulled back. “No, wait. I'm not ready, I need some time.”  Fear and anger began to consume her. She felt the darkness inside rise up, insidiously trying to gain control. 
Michael waited as she regained composure.
Liz took a breath, straightened her shoulders, and pushed against the instinctual rise. With a half hearted smile, she shrugged. “Let's get this over with.”
The buzzing continued as they went inside, then slowly the consistent hum defined until she could distinguish words and phrases in the din of voices--  
Her eyes snapped open. Liz heard faint approving murmurs as the council members left her mind. The dull ache in her head was replaced with a rhythmic pounding. Before her, the small cloaked figure held out her hand. “You will come with me.”  Turning, she walked away. 
Liz had no choice. Her body moved like a puppet, and the woman ahead of her controlled the strings. They didn’t go far. Had she known that she was so close to where the others were staying, she would have remained quiet in her cell. They passed five doors and turned into the sixth. 
It looked nothing like her cell. Candles glimmered and flickered all over the room. Sheets of maroon and gold silk hung from the ceiling and covered the walls, giving it the appearance of a prosperous sultan’s tent. Large decorative urns, that must have been hundreds of years old, sat all around the room. Several glass encased cabinets filled with collections of silver goblets and candelabras lined the walls. Plush couches and chairs were strategically placed here and there, and a giant bed lavishly covered in maroon satin filled the back corner. An ornate fire pit rested in the center of the room. Round and open with a vent going up into the ceiling, it gave the room a homey feel. It was a warm comfortable room. Something Liz hadn’t expected to see in a vampire fortress. 
“You didn’t really think we slept in coffins, did you?” asked the woman. 
A hint of a smile inundated her words. Not the malice or coldness that Liz expected. As the woman removed her cloak, Liz’s jaw dropped. She was even smaller than Liz originally thought. Barely five foot tall. Fragile and elegant, she looked like a miniature Greek goddess. The natural vampyric pallor was underlying in her skin, giving the woman an unnatural sun-kissed glow reminiscent of polished bronze. However, Liz could tell by her features that her skin tone in life would have been much darker. Ebony hair cascaded down her back to her waist in perfectly formed ringlets. Eyes, black as coal, barely blinked as they gazed upon her, yet they seemed loving and kind. Her lips, in contrast to the creamy caramel of her skin appeared the darkest of burgundies. No human woman could ever be that beautiful, she thought.  
“But I am not human,” the woman smiled as she spoke. Her voice was warm and friendly, still having the undertones of a wise mother talking to her child. 
“My name is Athena. A bath has been prepared for you and there are clean clothes on the table. You must be nearly famished; by the fire on that stand is something to drink. It is fresh from my personal stock. It should still be quite warm if you wish to partake of it now.”  
“Athena, like the goddess?” 
“Yes, exactly like that.”
Liz's mind raced as she tried to decipher the comment. The real Athena? From mythology? Is that even possible? In this new world with real demons and monsters, she supposed just about anything could be possible.
“I don’t understand what's going on. Is this my last supper? When are you going to kill me?”  
Athena smiled and said, “Dear child, we have no intention of killing a rare specimen such as yourself. We have been waiting for one such as you for thousands of years. There have been many stories passed down from the dawn of our time about humans who have the potential to turn almost spontaneously, and none of us have ever encountered one before.”
“I don’t understand. Why the trial? Where is Michael? Why was I locked away for so long?”  Relief flooded her, but she was once again full of questions and still totally lost.
“It was a test of sorts. We had to be certain you would follow the law. More importantly, we had to discover if Michael would continue to obey, even under the influence of the connection. We are not monsters anymore, Elizabeth. We are honor-bound to protect all of those we rule, and ensure that all recognize they must abide by the law.”  
She turned and was instantly beside Liz, patting her arm. 
“No more questions now, all will be answered in time. Regain your sustenance and clean up. You are quite a mess.”  Athena moved across the room, pulled back a rectangular piece of burgundy satin hanging on the wall, and fastened it to a wrought iron fitting encased in the stone. Behind it, candles lit a small room. “The water is hot and ready. I've taken the liberty of acquiring fresh clothes for you. I'm afraid they are not quite your normal attire, but they'll do in a pinch. Hurry now, we will join you shortly.”  
In a blink she was gone and the door was shut. 
Liz walked to the door and checked the handle. It wasn’t locked. The door opened just as smoothly and quietly as her cell door had. Peeking out, she noticed no guards at the door. Not a soul in sight as far as she could see down the passage. Maybe she wasn’t a prisoner anymore. Looking around the room, she caught her reflection in a mirror draped in fine dark silk. She was a mess. Dirt streaked jeans, and tattered, blood-stained shirt combined with the rat’s nest that used to be flowing red hair, left her looking like an escapee from an insane asylum. 
The smell of the carafe by the fire pulled her in that direction. The burn in her throat had returned. Liz walked over and gulped down the warm nectar. It was good!  Intoxicating and sweet, it soothed the fire and awakened her senses. After draining every last drop, she set about taking a hot bath. 

Chapter Four
The Unnamed

Clean, refreshed, and dressed in a long emerald green gown, she sat on the couch by the fire and waited. Her fingers tapped rhythmically against the arm of the couch while her legs swayed side to side. Their idea of shortly and hers did not coincide at all. Just when she thought she was about to go out of her mind, she felt a mental nudge. He was close. Her body filled with a new warmth the fire could not provide.  
“I told you I would always be with you. Did you doubt me?”  Chuckle. 
Relief filled her for the second time that day. Liz brought her hands to her face, covering her eyes, and tried to contain the tidal wave of emotion flooding through her. 
And then he was there, right in front of her. She had never even heard the door open. Without thinking, she raced into his open arms. Wrapped in that safe haven, she was grateful to be near him again. “I couldn't...they didn't--”
He held her and stroked her hair, “It’s all right. Everything will be fine now. They will not separate us again, at least not for long periods of time. It’s not completely over, but the worst of it is.”
If a vampire could cry, tears would have rolled down her face. She wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him close, and didn’t ever want to let go. 
He pushed her back and looked into her eyes. They assured him she had not been injured, but he needed to make certain that no hurt had come to this woman who had so quickly become everything to him. He wasn’t quite ready to let go of her either. He tensed as he released her.  “They're coming.”
Dread enveloped her as she prepared to face the Council once again. 
The room filled with cloaked figures. Not just the six from before, but a total of fourteen by the time they everyone had entered. They crossed the threshold with purpose; it was obvious to Liz they considered this meeting vital. Only one of the attendees seemed at ease.  Hood pulled back and smiling, Athena sauntered into the room as if this were nothing more than a friendly visit. Winking at Liz, she sat on the couch across from her, and daintily crossed her legs. 
“Be seated,” said a voice from the doorway. 
Liz looked up at the imposing figure. His face was fatherly, kind, yet stern. There was an air about him that said he was not someone to be trifled with. His tall, wide frame brushed against the sides of the doorway as he stepped inside. 
Michael pulled her down on the couch beside him, gave her a wink, and set his face with a mask of serenity. 
The commanding figure strolled to the seat closest to the fire and sat. He glanced at Liz and Michael and proceeded to speak. “We show ourselves to a select few who are not Council members. Athena,” his eyes shifted to the smiling beauty, “professes undying faith in your ability to withhold her secret. I am Gregorio, Michael’s maker, thus my risk is minimal. Listen well, Elizabeth, and heed what is said. You are now under vampire rule and law, and any laws that are broken will be dealt with swiftly and without prejudice. Is this understood?”
“Yes sir,” she answered. 
It was difficult for Liz to remain still. She tried not to fidget and squirm, but nervousness overrode her will. Michael wrapped his arm around her and pulled her close. At first it relaxed her and helped to ease her anxiety, however, the electric current between them made it nearly impossible to concentrate on what was being said. She felt the muscles under his shirt flex as his arm tightened around her. His sweet, musky scent enveloped her senses, igniting desire. She barely kept her wits about her. Leaning forward to put some distance between them, she prepared to listen.
“This is a very unusual circumstance,” continued the mountainous man. “Your questions will be answered in time, but for now you will listen. As you know, Michael is the hand of the Council. For you to come to being without Council permission was of great significance to us. Michael is the one called upon to deal with law breakers, and enforce our justice upon them. Should you break any law, it would be his duty to bring justice to you.”
He cleared his throat and looked directly into Michael’s eyes as he continued. “This is a burdensome request, especially considering the connection. Even I experienced some difficulty rendering an unbiased decision concerning Michael.  He is my son, so to speak.”  
Someone in the room muttered.
Liz could not tell if it had been vocal or in her mind, but it was obvious, to some extent, not everyone agreed with the decision to allow them to live. Tension rose within her as her eyes darted around the room. 
Michael slid his hand across his lap and entwined her fingers within his own, giving her reassuring squeeze. A vision of it wandering up her thigh flashed into another of his lips pressed against hers. She sucked in air, shot him a furtive glance, and tried to listen to Gregorio. 
“You were spared not by me, but by the Council and the Eldest. The Eldest’s word is law and infallible. He is the strongest and wisest among us; we will eternally abide by his decision.”  
Soft murmurs disturbed the pervading quiet. 
He flashed a challenging look that quieted the dissenters. “We believe you are a changeling. Stories, fables if you will, have been passed down for centuries. Humans, with little and sometimes no provocation at all who seem to spontaneously evolve into vampires. We cannot pass up this chance to study you.”
Another vision of his hand running down the small of her bare back flashed. Her eyes closed with the sensation of it. Taking another deep breath, she squeezed his hand with all her might. Two silent barely perceivable heaves of his chest told her he’d stifled a laugh.
“Due to this, it is imperative we discover any genetic traits which could have allowed this to happen. We cannot have humans turning into vampires over night. The secret--” 
When a vision of them lying naked, entwined in each other’s arms flickered to life, she glanced at Michael. “Would you stop?”
“Shhh. Listen.” He scolded. However, his eyes smoldered with such heat as their gazes locked that Liz was afraid everyone in the room was seeing the same vision. “It’s just us in here. I’m sorry. I’ll quit.”
She sat back with an audible sigh and concentrated on the man before her.
His eyes softened as his voice took on a concerned tone. “There is another very important reason for you to stay with us, Elizabeth. Should you go back into the outside world, you would be at risk from those seeking revenge against Michael. He has made many enemies, as have we all. This is why we do not show ourselves to others. Although it is against vampire law to kill one of our own, many would do so gladly, even knowing their life is forfeit, to repay Michael or the rest of us for loved ones that were put to death.”  
Clearing his throat again, he looked uncomfortable.  
Liz shifted in her seat. 
“The connection is an amazing thing. It is most similar to the human emotion of love. It is different for each individual. For example, I made Michael. He is not, nor has he ever been, my lover. I have never wanted for such things, but I did desire a son and heir. Michael filled that void.  Some change in need of children, or lovers, or best friends. The connection satisfies the emptiness the individual maker requires to be filled. There are some covens that are an entire family: grandparents, parents, children, spouses. Those are rare. Most of us choose to live in small groups. Sometimes just pairs, though generally there are at least three. We call this a nest. Until now, Michael’s disassociation with other vampires made him the perfect hand of the Council.  
“Human stories paint a bleak picture of the vampire nature. At one point, the cold, heartless, bloodthirsty beasts your culture embraces were the epitome of vampires. This has not been the case for many decades now. We do drink human blood, though some of us prefer animal over human. We do not kill humans unless in self-defense, or in need of keeping the primary law. This is the culture the vampire nation has embraced. There are a radical few who do not accept our law. They long for the old ways. It is Michael’s job to seek them out and destroy them. Therefore, his connection with you makes him vulnerable.”  He searched Michael’s face as if reading what he saw there, and then asked, “Could you, Michael, continue to do your job without prejudice if an outlaw coven captured Elizabeth?”
Michael returned his stare. Raw emotion flooded his voice as he answered, “No.  I would destroy every last member of their coven to get her back.”  
Gregorio sighed sympathetically and turned his gaze to Liz. “Just your existence has seriously complicated his ability to live not only by the law, but to in fact be the hand of the Council. Therefore it is the Council’s decree that you reside here in the fortress so that we might not only keep you safe, but continue to utilize Michael’s special abilities.”

***

The room was empty now except for Michael and Liz. She’d received information, but not anything she felt she needed to know. And the question time she’d been promised disappeared with the council members. Still nestled in the crook of his arm, and mind reeling, she tried to think. 
Michael sat quietly beside her, waiting for her to speak.  As if of their own volition, his fingers toyed with a strand of her hair while his thoughts drifted into a previously unknown realm.  
It was so strange, this knowing a person inside and out. Caring for someone or something other than war or battle was foreign to him. It was all new and wonderful, yet the weight of the responsibility these new emotions carried seemed terrible at the same time. Michael had never dreamed it could be like this. He’d always been a loner. That’s why his father picked him in the first place. He was intelligent and diligent. An amazing swordsman for such a young man, Michael at twenty-three had all the makings of a dedicated assassin. 
Gregorio had been one of the emperor’s closest advisors and a brilliant strategist in his own right. He’d singled Michael out early in the young man’s career, and helped guide him through the maze of red tape involved in climbing the ranks of the Roman army. And of course, provided the training needed to make him a truly great assassin. Over the centuries, Michael had perfected his deadly skills. An expert with every weapon, he preferred hand-to-hand combat. Michael never concerned himself with love or with nesting; he was born to kill. To uphold the vampire law had been his prime directive even before the Council had united. 
He was nearing thirty when Gregorio turned him. It was his choice, a choice to be the ultimate killing machine. Not that he killed for malice; to kill because one could was to be a monster. For him, there was righteousness in it. The cleansing of wrongs and making things right, to further a higher purpose was his calling. Turning the tides of wars and bettering the lives of others his ultimate goal and he was definitely well suited to it. So any thoughts of love… Love? Yes, it was definitely more than just the connection now. He loved her. With all his heart, soul, and being, he loved her. Even the necessity of living in the fortress and the complete loss of his freedom, seemed a worthy price for her safety.
“Love is a four letter word,” she said with a smile. 
Michael looked down into her face, wondering exactly when she had started paying attention to his thoughts. 
She winked. “About the part where you were a killing machine. Very scary stuff.” Her gaze shifted toward her hands folded in her lap. “It’s hard to imagine you that way now.” 
“I am what I am,” he said. Taking her face in his hands, he tenderly kissed her forehead, eyes, and then moved down to her soft lips. Softly at first, then as his passion grew it became much more intense. She responded with such fervor that he almost could not contain himself. Then with a sigh, he pulled back. “Someone is coming. I hope this isn’t going to set precedence for us,” he laughed. 
A quick knock on the door, and Athena was in front of them. “I’m terribly sorry to interrupt, but there has been an incident, Michael. You are needed.” 
“Well, no rest for the wicked,” he joked. Leaning over, he kissed Liz one last time and was gone. 
“Everyone moves so quickly around here, it's like being on another planet,” she said as her eyes remained focused on the closed door. 
“You’ll get used to it and many other things as well. I have things to attend to, so I must leave you to your own devices. Someone will come shortly to show you around the fortress and take you to your apartment.”
“Apartment?”  
“Michael’s apartment dear, he chose not to live with us, but we have always kept his rooms. His father would not permit them to be used by others. Trouble is brewing, so I must fly!”  
Liz leaned back on the couch and watched the wood crackle and burn in the fireplace. It was like being a part of a blockbuster movie that never ended. Laughing to herself, she wondered which famous star would play her character's roll in the movie. Then sobering, her thoughts turned to her family, home, and all she had left behind. “I can do this,” she assured herself. 
“Of course you can!”  An unfamiliar voice answered. 
Liz bolted from the couch. 
“Oops, sorry!” said the beautiful, laughing girl. 
 She looked about sixteen.  With a petite cheerleader’s body, beautiful waist length golden hair, and porcelain skin, she looked more like a doll than a person. “I’m Angie,” she said. “Your tour director on this cruise.”  
Her eyes twinkled with merriment and Liz knew immediately that other than Michael, this girl would be her one joy in this place. She offered her hand to introduce herself, sending Angie into a fit of giggles. 
“I know who you are silly. Everyone knows who you are!  How old are you? Twenty? Twenty-one? I’m so excited to finally have someone here that is at least close to my age. Well not my real age, but the age I was and will always be. Isn’t it great? Don’t you think it’s just wonderful to never grow old?”  Angie rattled on so quickly Liz could hardly keep up with the changing conversation. They walked out the doorway and down the tunnel, Angie chattering the whole time.
Not leaving out any nook or cranny, she gave Liz the grand tour. By the time they reached Michael’s rooms, Liz thought she knew where every room, closet, cell, and mouse hole in the fortress was located and how long it had been there. She’d also learned Angie was short for Angelica, and Athena was her mother. Angie had informed her that she was turned the day after her 17th birthday.
“Oh yes, my mother is the Athena from Greek mythology. She's been around a very long time.”
“That's just amazing.”  Liz said.
“She saved me. My real mother died giving birth to me. My father, a horrid mean man, died when I was thirteen. If she hadn't taken me in...well let's just say that some shriveled old goat would have been my husband.”  Her nose wrinkled for a moment before the endearing smile returned to her face.
“So you like this? Being a vampire I mean.”
A tall cloaked figure approached as they turned into another corridor. “Wait.”  Angie said, pulling Liz against the tunnel wall and quietly allowing the figure to pass. After it turned into the next tunnel, she exhaled, slipped her hand inside Liz's, and continued through passageway. “She really is the best mother anyone could have. Loving, kind. Oh, and very wise. She's been around so long that I'd guess she knows just about everything.”
“That's really great. So you do like being a vampire then?”
Her smile didn't falter, as she artfully dodged the question. “Now Gregorio is an interesting character. Did you know that at one time he was also revered as a god?”
Liz tried not to laugh as she answered, “No, really?”
“Oh yes. He's quite mysterious.”  Angie looked around before dropping her voice to a whisper. “No one knows who his maker is or how old he is. No one. I've asked mother many times and she doesn't even know. And she knows everything!”
“Wow.”  
Angie's face lit up. “I know!  Crazy, right? And the best part is, he has the ear of the Eldest. And when you have that...”
 The girl talked so fast and so much that an hour later when they had reached the rooms, Liz was certain she knew the entire history of every vampire living in the fortress. 
As they entered her new home, Angie’s conversation turned to make-up, music, and typical teenager things. She was going to do Liz’s hair and toes, and they were going to have so much fun. It was all very amusing to Liz, although at times, she had sympathy pains for what she must have put her own sisters through when she was a teenager. 
Angie had spent the majority of her 300 years in the fortress. She explained how the land above had been purchased and turned into a wood mill. When this part of the new world became populated, they needed a justifiable reason for the traffic in and out of the area. No human had ever worked there. No humans were allowed on the property. Except, of course, those that were living there by choice, but they were never allowed to leave.
“Wait. Back up just a minute. What do you mean except the ones that choose to live here?”  
“Those that want to become, they live here,” Angie replied. 
“I don’t understand.” Liz saw a look of fear pass quickly over Angie’s face as she questioned her. 
“Oh boy, am I in for it now.  I’m sorry, I can’t tell you anymore. Mother will tell you when it’s time,” Angie said sweetly and promptly disappeared down the hall. No goodbye, no see you later, just gone.  
Refusing to let yet another moment of confusion delay her, Liz began to examine her new living quarters. The apartment offered one large sitting area with two connecting rooms. She stood in the main room, surrounded by stone walls and luxuriously carpeted floors. The décor was similar to Athena’s, with the over-sized, plush furniture covered in warm, inviting fabrics. Unlike Athena’s quarters, however, this place seemed empty, like a discarded set design or a staged magazine photo. No silks or satins, and no hint that Michael had ever lived in this place. 
Through the main room, a bathing room housed a marble bathtub large enough for several people and oddly reminiscent of ancient bathhouses. The mirrored walls and ceilings made the room seem spacious. 
Through the bath, another door led to an overly masculine bedroom. Where the main room had been covered in tapestries and ancient artifacts, this room was full of pelts and weapons. Hundreds of swords and knives were neatly arranged on the walls around the room. Even the proverbial suit of armor stood in the corner holding a mace and shield. She wondered how many times the various weapons had been used, and how many people they had killed. After a thorough investigation of her new home, she ended up back by the fire. She didn’t want all this time to think. She didn’t want to let her mind wander. She wanted Michael. 
Chuckle. “Not so easily distracted I see. Patience, I will be there soon.”  
She shot a mental bullet back at him, “How long is soon?”  She stood motionless waiting to see if a reply would come. She still wasn’t certain how the whole telepathy thing worked. 
“Take a walk, look around. It will be some time yet.”  
She headed for the doorway, entered the hall, and then heard him again. 
“Stay away from the dungeon, Liz, it’s dangerous down there.”
Liz wandered around the fortress for what seemed like hours. Here and there, she would see someone, but no one spoke.  Everyone moved like worker bees determined to finish the tasks at hand. Some cleaned, polishing silver or dusting, while others appeared to be running errands. She saw only three cloaked figures the entire time. The 'worker' vampires steered clear of them, never speaking unless they were spoken too, and always stepping out of their way to avoid contact. Liz took the hint from the others and steered clear of them as well. 
The tunnels widened in the upper levels of the complex, and each was lined with artifacts from different centuries throughout time. It was a treasure trove of wealth and history, an archeologist’s dream come true. 
As she wandered through the vast maze of tunnels, she noticed a subtle downward slope to the edifice. Every few feet, wrought iron brackets fastened torches to the stone encased walls. The smokeless flames cast unusual shadows along the lengthy corridors. 
Finally, the floor leveled off. The torches were few and far apart on this level.  The darkness between so dense it appeared almost a living entity. She was just about to turn around and head back when two cloaked figures appeared outside a door at the far end. Liz decided to wait and let them pass before heading back. 
“I told you he could not be trusted!” hissed the taller figure. “We cannot sit idly by and allow this hypocrisy to continue. As long as the girl lives we are all in great danger.”
Liz held her breath and sank back into the darkness against the wall. She had a feeling that she was the girl they were discussing. If they detected her now… 
The shorter figure hushed him angrily, nervously scanned the hallway, and hissed back, “As long as the girl is kept alive and safe he will perform his duties. It is no different now than it was before. Michael has always done our bidding and will continue to do so.”  
The taller of the two dropped his voice to a nearly inaudible whisper, “The Eldest believes only what he wants to believe. We will all be in danger if the girl is allowed to stay.”
“What you are saying is treason, Monroe. Treason is a death sentence.”  Moving his head from side to side, he searched the passageway again. 
Shoulders pressed against the wall, Liz was thankful the torchlight could not illuminate her hiding place.
The one called Monroe spoke again, “You have to pick a side, Demitre; the time for post sitting is over. A war is coming and our people want to be free. The time for the tyranny of the Council is at an end. We have to be rid of Michael before that can come to fruition. There is no other way.”  
Liz tried to keep her thoughts as quiet as her body. 
Demitre looked around again before grabbing Monroe's cloak, and pulling him back inside the open door. 
As soon as they disappeared, Liz sped off through the tunnels she had just meandered through. When she felt far enough away, she stopped and checked to see if they’d followed. There was no one anywhere to be seen. She tried to pull herself together and went off in search of Michael’s rooms. 
It didn’t take Liz long to realize she was lost. This tunnel looked nothing like the others. No artifacts adorned the walls, and few torches lit the way. Just great, she thought to herself, lost in miles and miles of underground vampire tunnels, that’s exactly what I needed today. Large metal doors lined the passage. One of them had to be a way out. Taking a closer look, she noticed that every single door had a locking bar across it, and a small window that could be unlatched and opened. 
“Oh, no ya don’t, Elizabeth!  You are not going to open the window to see what’s inside. If it’s bad enough to scare a vampire into locking it up, then it’s not anything you need to know about.”  Her mental scolding did her little good; curiosity got the best of her. Cautiously moving to the closest door, she flipped up the clasp holding the window shut, and pulled it open. A thick metal grate covered the hole. She rose on her tiptoes and peered in. A thin streak of light cut a narrow path through the darkness beyond.  At first, she thought the room empty, but her ears picked up the distinct sound of breathing--heavy breathing. As if some over worked gargantuan had decided to slow down for just a second, before continuing the destruction of a city. She knew she should shut it and go, but she just couldn’t help herself. “Hello?”  She whispered. “Who’s there?”  
Clear as a bell, a child’s voice returned her salutation. “Mommy? Is that you?”  
Liz immediately grasped the locked door and pulled with all her strength.  The iron creaked, but the door did not budge.
“Mommy, please,” the young voice continued, “I won’t be bad anymore, I promise. Please let me out.”  The youngster’s voice cracked as words transformed into a soft cry.
Liz’s heart beat furiously as her fingers ran over the bar holding the door fast.   Desperation filled her as she struggled to free the crying toddler. In her mind’s eye she saw a disheveled five year old with long matted hair and dirt smudged cheeks. No matter how hard she tugged, Liz could not get the door open.
“I’m not your mommy little one,” she said to the small voice inside. “Please don’t cry, I’m trying to get you out. I’m coming; I just need to figure out this door.”  
Liz stepped back and looked the door over again. She knew there had to be some trick to it, something she was missing. Inside the room the crying stopped. The child spoke to her again, “Where is my Mommy? Where did they take my Mommy? Why did they put me in here?”  
“It’s all right. My name is Liz. I’m going to help you. What’s your name, can you tell me?”
“Mommy, is that you? Mommy?”  The child was obviously not quite right in the head. Liz wondered if she’d suffered some serious mental damage from being abducted by vampires and held in this cell. Was this that 'private supply' that Athena was talking about? This young child locked behind the door had been her lunch? Her stomach clenched with revulsion. Finally, she saw what she had been missing. 
A small key-like bar that had to be fitted into a hole just on top of the mechanism, hung from a metal chain just to the side of the door. Liz had it in, turned, and unlocked in a flash. She pulled the door open and rushed in to grab the child. She didn’t know where she would go, or what she would do, but she knew she couldn’t leave her in there. 
Except for the swath of light cutting through the center of the room, the cell was pitch-black inside. Blinking hurriedly to allow her eyes to adjust, she gazed into the darkness.  The heavy breathing came from the far corner. 
“Where are you?  Come to me quickly, I’ll get you out of here!”
Something akin to a steam roller slammed into her and knocked her to the floor. She barely had time to register surprise before dagger like claws ripped into her side. Pain seared through her body as the crunch of bones and the sound of tearing flesh echoed in her ears. Blow after blow pummeled her face and head. Stunned, she didn’t even think to fight back. Growling with rage, the thing behind the door attacked her unceasingly and without mercy. As she lost consciousness, she remembered Michael’s warning, “Stay away from the dungeon, Liz, it’s dangerous down there.”
***
Liz’s forced return to consciousness was a tossup between the burning pain, and Michael’s ranting and raging around the room. If she hadn’t remembered being attacked, she’d have been certain she’d been run over by an eighteen-wheeler. She knew before she opened her eyes there were others in the room. Although all the voices were angry, Michael’s was definitely the loudest.
“You swore she would be safe,” he yelled. “You sent me on a mission that didn’t require my attention, and left her to be slaughtered by those abominations!”
“Michael, be reasonable,” Athena’s calm voice spoke. “Angie had things to attend to, and we are not equipped to baby-sit your changeling.”
“I told you all from the beginning this was a horrible idea.”  Another familiar voice spoke. It was the hate-filled voice from the tunnel below. “You were warned that she would cause nothing but trouble and now look what’s happened! Thirty-five of them, Michael!  Thirty-five unspoken are loose in this fortress. How many of us will die, because you couldn’t keep your new pet on a leash?” he hissed.
“I will kill you, Monroe,” Michael hissed back. “Right where you stand, I will kill you if you ever liken her to a dog again!”
“What if they make it out of the fortress, Gregorio? How do we keep the secret then?”  Athena asked.
“They will never make it out,” Gregorio’s strong voice sounded confident. “Michael, you need to go hunt. It is your place to do so, regardless of Liz’s condition. We reached her in time. She will heal. If any of our own are lost because of this incident, you and Liz will be in great danger. Even the Eldest will not come to your aid.”
Liz opened her eyes and searched for Michael. He was beside her in an instant. “You have to go, this is all my fault.” Liz mustered the closest thing to a smile that she could. 
“I can’t leave you,” he said.  
“You have no choice,” she answered softly.  Grimacing in pain, her voice turned bitter. “Kill every last one of them.”
Gregorio laughed and the tension in the room seemed to ease. “It didn’t take her long to become a full-fledged vampire, did it?”  He laid a hand on Michael’s shoulder saying, “I will not leave her until you return. Go do what you must.”
Michael gave Liz one last searching look, bent down and kissed her, and was out the door in a flash. Athena sighed and sat beside her pushing strands of hair out of her face. “That was a close call, my dear. You gave us quite a start. How did you end up in the dungeon? That was definitely not on your tour.”
Liz glanced at Monroe standing in the open doorway. Finally having a face to put with the evil sounding voice, she was stunned by the familiarity of it. Something about this particular monster seemed strangely familiar. The word monster described him perfectly. Unlike his brother vampires, Monroe had no unearthly beauty. Ghostly white skin stretched tight across his tall skeletal frame. Long stringy hair as pale as his flesh hung limply around his face.  His pale, icy blue eyes looked more alien than human. Although his face and voice rang familiar, his hands were even more so. His fingers were extremely long and thin, ending in razor-sharp, pointed nails that gave his hands the appearance of claws. His countenance was the embodiment of a long unthought-of nightmare from her childhood. 
It was unsettling to think that somewhere in her early youth she might have met up with this fiend. As she stared at Monroe, his loathsome gaze washed over her. He did not even attempt to conceal his hatred. Turning away, she focused on Athena. Without knowing who was involved in the conspiracy against the Council, she needed to be cautious with her answer. 
“I really don’t know how I got there,” Liz said, her voice soft and laden with guilt. “I was just wandering around looking at everything, and then I got lost. I saw the doors with bars and decided to look into one of the windows.”  
“And what, pray tell, made you think you had the right to stick your nose in such matters?”  Monroe questioned. His eyes glinted with malice as disgust resonated in his voice.
Gregorio turned and glowered at Monroe until he gave a curt bow and left. “Liz, you’re not off to a very good start here,” he said kindly. “I thought I was clear earlier when I explained what a problematic situation this is for Michael. We do not want you to feel like a prisoner here, this is your home now. However, you cannot meddle in matters which are not your concern.”  
Liz wished she could talk to Gregorio alone and tell him why she’d ended up there in the first place, but she didn’t know if Athena could be trusted.
Athena cocked her head to the side and gave her a curious look. “Hmm,” she murmured.
“Hmm, what?”  Gregorio asked.
“I can’t read her, can you?” 
He looked at Liz for a moment before breaking into another smile. “Well done child. You are rapidly improving your skills. Some take centuries to learn to close off their minds.”
Liz moved restlessly wanting to avoid any more questions about her thoughts. “I’m sorry. I truly am. I promise it will never happen again,” she said with a weak smile. Moving slowly, she sat up in the bed and inched her feet towards the floor. 
“Oh no you don’t!”  Athena ordered. “You will stay in this bed until Michael returns, unless you’d rather have a hot bath? You’re a mess again. That’s twice in one day.” 
“I think I would love a hot bath, but first tell me…what was that thing?”  
Athena looked askance at Gregorio. The subject was taboo, even among the elders. He nodded and she began to explain. “We do not usually speak of them. They are Methuselah’s Children, but generally, they are called the unnamed. It is exceedingly heartbreaking. Not every human turned manifests the change properly. Sometimes the human becomes fully vampire with human emotionality. They all have vampire strengths and characteristics, but do not have the power to control the baser emotions of fear and rage. Without that ability, they lose their minds and become monstrous.”
A spasm of pain rushed through Liz's body causing her to shake. Gregorio moved to her side with a goblet of warm blood. “Drink this. It will help you to heal.”
“I'm okay.” 
“No you are not, as you say, okay. You are injured. Only blood and rest will heal you now,” he said and placed the glass firmly in her hand. Turning to Athena, he said, “Maybe that's enough for now. The child's been through more than enough for one day.”
“Of course, she--”
“No. Please tell me the rest. I want to know.”  Eyes pleading, Liz took a sip of the healing elixir. Immediately, warmth rushed through her. In awe, she watched as the cuts on her arms began to close and scar. With each sip, injuries faded until they were no more. Draining it, she handed the goblet to Athena. “I'm being a good girl. Please tell me the rest.”
Athena sighed and continued, “The thirst overwhelms them. It is a hideous thing to have a connection with one such as those. The maker is allowed to choose either death for his companion, or they can be imprisoned here. A connection with the turned is not reciprocated. It is agonizing for the maker to keep the turned alive because he is connected to nothing but rage, hate, and thirst. In spite of this, for some, the pain of their death and the loss of connection is equally torturous. So they stay here in the dungeon. Locked away to prevent them from doing any harm. Many cannot stand to be separated from their turned, so they visit them frequently. Others never come at all and leave them to rot in their cells.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier and safer for them all to die?” Liz asked. 
Athena sadly replied, “Safer is not always easier. You feel it, could you sentence Michael to death?”  
Just the thought produced a swelling sadness in Liz’s chest. She shook her head. 
Athena smiled, knowing Liz understood the predicament. “No more talk now. You sleep, it will help you heal.”
Liz closed her eyes thinking she'd never be able to fall asleep, but within seconds her mind began to drift into darkness. Her last memory was of Athena caressing her cheek while mumbling something she couldn't quite understand.


Chapter Five
Surviving the Cause

Liz woke to an empty room. Sometime during her sleep, someone had bathed and dressed her in a clean nightgown. She stretched slowly to see if the pain that had bombarded her the last time she awoke, was still dormant in her body. She felt wonderful, totally regenerated. The thirst was building, but she was controlling it. It was not the same over powering lust for blood she’d felt in the beginning. She heard a mental giggle right before Angie appeared at the door. 
Standing in the doorway, smiling shyly, Angie looked expectantly at Liz. “Do you want to be alone?” 
“The last thing I need is solitude. Come on in.” Liz smiled. “How long have I been out?”
“Two whole days!  I thought you were never going to wake up. Are you okay? It’s all my fault, it really is. I should have never left you here alone. If mother hadn’t called me, I would have stayed. I love talking to you. Are you mad at me?”  The words tumbled out of her mouth.
Liz laughed as she reached out and pulled Angie on the bed to hug her. 
“It’s not your fault, silly. I’m too nosy for my own good.”  
Angie smiled her big cruise ship director’s smile and threw her arms around Liz. Then the chattering began. She told Liz that Michael had been gone the entire time she’d slept, but had been checking on her often. She filled her in on everything she missed during those two days as well. Who was fighting with whom about the whole disaster, and what was being said amongst the council members. She rattled off so many names that Liz started wondering just how many lived in the fortress. The Council was divided on what should be done about Liz’s transgression. Some argued that she should be punished and Michael as well, while others blamed it on Liz not being thoroughly informed in the first place. 
Gregorio was the leader of the faction that wanted it dropped and left alone. Monroe led the witch-hunt against them. 
“They are all taking sides now.”  Angie said softly as she looked around the room. She leaned in closer and whispered, “You don’t have to worry though. The Eldest is on our side. He won’t let anything happen to you or Michael. They need you both, you know.”
Angie leaned back as Liz sat up, reached out to fluff the pillows behind her, and pushed her back against them. 
“I'm not worried about that. Where is he? How long will he be gone? I want to know when I can see him again.”  She still needed to tell him about the conversation she’d overheard in the tunnel. 
“I don’t know. I know he’ll come back as soon as he can. He checks on you all the time. Almost hourly.” she giggled. 
“Checks with who?”
“Well me of course!  Who did you think?”  Angie’s eyes sparkled as her smile widened.
“Why doesn’t he just check with me?”
“He doesn’t want to wake you up silly. You are supposed to be resting. Remember? Anyway, let me tell you a story about Michael. This one time about--oh I don’t know for sure--maybe twenty-five years ago, we were out on this…”  It went on like that for hours.
Michael was a topic that Angie loved to talk about. She gushed with stories about things he had said and done. Every few years, Athena would allow Angie to live among humans. The old gloomy fortress could become depressing for a young girl, even if she was a vampire. When the time came for her to go out into the world again, Michael was her designated protector. Angie told Liz all about Michael’s sense of humor, his likes and dislikes; she even knew his favorite hunting grounds and what type of human he preferred. 
Although she had plenty of stories from the past to tell her, try as she might, Liz couldn’t pry any information about where he was right now or what he was doing out of her. Angie would not be budged. Someone, probably her mother, had given her a direct order to keep his whereabouts and activities completely concealed.  If Liz attempted to bring up the topic, Angie would sweetly answer, “Just a few more days, and he’ll be home.  I’m sure he’ll tell you all about it then.”
Liz spent those days with Angie. Whatever her responsibilities had been before, she had been relieved of them by those higher up, and set with the task of babysitting Liz. Except for missing Michael and worrying about him, Liz enjoyed her time with the girl. Angie was so full of life and spontaneity that she kept Liz’s mind occupied most of the time. She told her the entire goings on of vampires in and outside of the complex. She even told her ghost stories.
Apparently, several ghosts resided among the vampires. Angie didn’t know where some of them had come from or how they happened to settle there, but she could see all of them.
A vampire telling ghost stories can be chilling to say the least, and Angie was full of them. According to her, spirits roamed the old tunnels constantly. Some were just mischievous, but others bore malicious intent. Malevolent or not, they were of no harm or consequence to the vampires of course, but to humans, they would have been deadly. Angie’s favorite ghost story involved a young deceased soldier named William. He died on the land above the fortress during the civil war. He had stumbled onto the property seriously injured and died on the ground above. After his death, he had somehow ended up in the tunnels below and had latched on to Angie. She talked to him every day. Even though her mother frowned on her fraternizing with ghosts, Angie and William had become good friends. “Now not all vampires can see ghosts, but I am special,” Angie proudly told Liz. 
“That is remarkable.” 
“Even when they don’t want me to see them, I can.”
“Really? What do you mean by they don’t want to be seen?”  Liz asked.
“Well, ghosts are mostly tricksters. Most don’t like for people, even our kind of people, to know they are around. They can show themselves to anyone…if they want too. It takes a lot out of them though to materialize like that. William is quite good at it. They don’t have to materialize for me. I can see them whether they are doing it or not.”
“Wow. I bet your mother utilizes your skills frequently.” Liz smiled.
“You’d think that wouldn’t you? Do you know she doesn’t even believe in ghosts?”  Angie shrugged her shoulders and moved closer to the fire.
“How is that even possible?”  Liz laughed.
“She thinks I made them up. And William is no help at all. He refuses to materialize in front of her.”  Angie grabbed the fireplace poker and hacked at the burning wood. Sparks hissed, buzzing back and forth before floating up the chimney. 
Liz continued to chuckle. The thought of a vampire who didn’t believe in ghosts was hysterical.  
Angie filled many hours of the day and night with humorous accounts of William and his escapades in the fortress. Until Liz’s arrival, William had been her closest and dearest friend. She trusted him completely, even though he was all the way dead. 
Liz told Angie all about her family and home. They talked about her job, friends, and all the things that Liz had done in her human life. She was enthralled with Liz’s stories about her life. Being taken at seventeen, three hundred years ago, Angie did not have the life experiences that Liz had, and was very impressed by them. Technology also intrigued Angie. After hearing about MP3’s and music videos, she was ready to hit the outside world again and go on a shopping spree.
Days passed slowly. Having Angie to spend them with was, at least, some small help. After two weeks of monotony, Liz finally felt a mental nudge from Michael. 
“I’m almost home. Did you miss me?”
She heard the smile in his voice, but also something more. Something was not quite right. “Of course I missed you!  What’s wrong?”
“In time. I am coming.” 
Relief filled her. Just knowing he would be with her soon sent shivers of anticipation through her body.
Five agonizing hours later, Michael walked through their door. He looked a fright when he entered. His bloodstained shirt hung from his broad frame in shreds. She threw herself in his arms and held him close. “Are you okay?  All the blood...where have you been?” 
“Shhh,” he replied. “It’s not mine.  Just let me hold you for a minute, and I’ll explain.”  
They embraced each other for several minutes before Michael finally sighed and disentangled himself from Liz.
“You could really use a bath,” she giggled. 
He smiled down at her and said, “Want to wash my back?”  
Liz could see in his eyes that something bothered him, but he didn’t seem to want to talk about it, so she went with his playful mood and started teasing him. “I think you need more than your back washed!  And what is that smell?” she said as she pinched her nose and grimaced. 
Michael lunged to grab her, but she ran away laughing. They chased each other around the room twice before ending up in each other’s arms. 
“I really do need a shower. I’ll go get cleaned up and be right back.”
Michael didn’t waste any time lounging around in the bath, he was in and out. Liz warmed some blood over the fire and had it ready when he returned. She was the perfect little wife, “Except for the blood thing and the marriage thing.”  She thought. 
She glanced up and saw him leaned against the doorway.  Droplets of water glistened across his bare chest.  Thick muscles bulged and flexed as he repositioned his weight.  Her tongue darted over her lips.  Michael’s eyes twinkled with amusement, but the tone of his voice was serious as he said, “The blood thing can’t be helped, but we could remedy the marriage thing if you like?”  
Liz smiled shyly and looked away. She didn’t think she’d ever adjust to this mind reading thing. Cat like, Michael bounded over the back of the couch, landing in a seated position.  He patted the empty space next to him. “Come sit with me. I have a lot to tell you.”
In the first few days after Liz’s attack, he’d recaptured and imprisoned twenty of the thirty-five unnamed. The other fifteen somehow found their way out of the complex. Many believed that they were released on purpose. As quickly as he could, he skimmed over the details of his mission.  The fact remained that both of them were still in danger.  Should the Council decide against them, their fate would be sealed.
Sitting in silence now, Michael contemplated various solutions for their predicament. He knew someone had to be hiding the eight missing unnamed. Hesitant, Liz began to tell him her own tale. 
She told him how she had wandered around looking at all the artifacts trying to get acquainted with her new surroundings, and ended up in the tunnel below. He remained motionless as she spoke.  When she repeated the overheard conversation between Demitre and Monroe, the muscle across his jaw pulled tight in anger. Knowing why she had run and how she ended up in the dungeon, enraged him even more. 
Standing, fists clenched, and face pulled taut, he was a terror to behold. For the first time since Michael turned her, Liz was afraid of him. 
“Stay in this room. Lock the door. Allow no one entry. I must relay this to my father. I will return as soon as possible.”  
Michael walked to the door and looked back one last time saying, “Obey me in this, let no one in.” 
Then he was gone. Even knowing that Michael’s rage was not intended for her, Liz could not help fearing the fuming vampire as he left the room. He would never hurt her; she knew that, but she pitied anyone who encountered him in this state.

***

After a brief knock, Michael entered Gregorio’s room. Thankfully, he was alone. “Father, we are all in danger. I will explain, but you need to prepare to leave.” 
Gregorio’s face turned ashen as Michael explained the situation. He sat as if the weight of the world had pushed him into the ornate chair. His gaze drifted to an old canvas oil painting of a sunny meadow bursting with flowers. When Michael finished, Gregorio remained in his silent daze. After a moment, his eyes full of remorse, focused on his beloved son. 
“It is upon us then. We have feared this coming for many years now. Even if the girl hadn’t set the unnamed free, this was to be. There will be war now.”  
“I know, Father. I am sorry.”  Michael walked to the fireplace and watched the flames devour the logs. His thoughts raced as he tried to prepare an argument against the order he knew his father was about to give.
“Nonsense. You need not apologize for those who have always stood against us. You must take her and leave. Many of us will die before this is over, and you will be primary on the list. I will inform the Eldest as soon as you have left the fortress.”  
Jolted by the strained tone in his father’s voice Michael pleaded, “You must come with me. You are primary in the Eldest’s ear, should you stay they will come after you as well.”  
Michael’s thoughts were chaotic. He moved to the corner of the room and ran his hand over the giant mace held by the suit of armor. He knew if he left Gregorio here without his own expertise, he would be in jeopardy. Gregorio was a skilled fighter in his own right, but one against many…that was a death sentence. He also knew that unlike the hulking vampire, Liz had no ability to protect herself at this time. She was too young and too new.
Walking over to where Michael stood, Gregorio grasped his shoulders and looked into his eyes. The look on his face was that of final farewell.  “You must go now and swiftly. They are watching the girl carefully in hopes she will make yet another mistake. Get her out of here and keep yourself alive. I will try to keep you informed on the Council’s decisions and what is happening. Do not tarry, and do not trust anyone. Let no one know where you are going or where you are when you get there.”  Then pulling him closer he whispered angrily, “If this does not go well, avenge me. Now go!”
There was no point in arguing. His decision would not waver. 
Michael ran all the way to his apartment. He bolted into the room, startling Liz. She flipped around bringing a hand to her throat.  The grave look on his face halted her relieved laughter in her throat. “What is it? What’s wrong?” 
Fear replaced rage as he moved to grasp her hand. “Don’t ask any questions.  I can’t give you any answers right now. Walk with me and stay calm, smile and play along. Whatever you do, do not act like anything out of the ordinary is happening.”
Liz’s face fell as she glanced at the door. “What is…?”
“Shhh. Just come with me.”
They had just started out the door when Angie appeared nearly hysterical right on their heels. “Mother says run! Right now. We have to leave, and I am to go with you!” 
Michael grabbed her face. “Calm down.”  He looked into her eyes, leaned down, and whispered in her ear. 
Straightening, he furtively glanced over Angie’s shoulder, grabbed Liz’s hand, and continued down the corridor. 
Angie regained her composure, and sporting her best cruise director’s smile, followed behind chattering away as if nothing strange was happening at all. Liz didn’t attempt to process what the girl was saying. Smiling and nodding as she watched the other vampires they passed. Most milled aimlessly about, some spoke in hushed tones, but all of them looked worried. They strolled casually to the main entrance and walked right out the door without encountering any resistance at all. It seemed everyone was too worried to pay them any attention. 
When the door closed behind them, they rushed to Michael’s car. He opened the door motioning Angie into the back. Liz pushed the seat back into place and slipped in the passenger’s side.  
“Time to go.”  He slid the key in the ignition and the engine responded with a loud roar. Looking over his shoulder, he guided the car out of the parking space, flipped the transmission into drive, and pressed on the accelerator. The car lunged forward. 
They barely made it off the property when Angie became hysterical trying to tell them what was happening. Michael hushed her right away, “Stop. We are too close. Save it for later, I’ll tell you when it’s safe.”  Angie quieted and sat in silent terror. 
Michael drove as if hellhounds followed. Liz couldn’t be sure which was scarier, what they were leaving behind or what they might literally be running into. For hours they sat in total silence. Then finally Michael began to speak. “The vampire nation is about to be at war, Liz. We are in grave danger. We must get away, as far and fast as we can.”  
Angie piped up from the back seat, “That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you!  We are already at war. Mother said the fighting started in the dungeon. Dissenters were freeing those you returned!  They killed the guards that were posted and were coming for you and Liz.”  
Michael reached over and took Liz gently by the hand. “Do you trust me?”  
“With my life.” 
He gazed into her eyes not knowing that his own gave away the strong emotions wreaking havoc on his mind. “It will all be okay, Liz. I will keep you safe if it’s the last thing I do.”


Chapter Six
Hide and Seek

Michael drove all night heading south. He had several safe houses all over the country. Most were only known to him. Michael had never trusted anyone completely, except his father. Tides could turn quickly, and he never knew when his usefulness would wear out. They reached the nearest safe house just before dawn. 
Dust covered cobwebs floated freely through the kitchen.  Liz sputtered and swiped a web from her face. “Who's the cleaning lady? I think you should fire her.”  
“I haven't been here for a while.”  Michael answered.
Angie's eyes darted around the small room. “Umm, I hope you don't expect me to clean this mess up.”  
Running his hand through his hair he said, “If you're hungry I have some frozen blood in the freezer. It shouldn't take long to thaw.”
Eye's wide and smiling, Angie asked, “You have electricity here? Really? Oh that's great!  I call dibs on the shower.”  
“Go ahead and look around. There are two bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. Towels are in the hall closet.”  He said loudly as headed through the dining room door.
Liz pulled out a seat at the kitchen table and sat. “I'm exhausted. I don't feel hungry, but in this populated area I should keep the thirst at bay.”  She grimaced and continued, “I can smell the people next door.”
Michael flipped on the lights and began heating a plastic bag of blood in a pan of water on the stove. 
“So what do we do now, Michael?” 
“I don't know. I'm trying to figure it out.”  
Clinking pipes resonated throughout the house. Liz shook her head. “I guess she was serious.”
He shrugged and retrieved another bag from the freezer. “She'll be wanting this when she's done.”
“What about you? Aren't you going to eat?”
“I'll have a cup. My mind is racing. I hate leaving father there to deal with this alone.” Slicing the bag, he poured two steaming cups of the burgundy fluid, took them to the table, and sat across from her. Within minutes, towel wrapped around her head and wearing an old red and black checkered bathrobe that was entirely too big for her, Angie entered. 
“Where's mine?” she asked.
“On the stove. Help yourself.”  Michael answered.
Angie sighed and rolled her eyes as she went to retrieve her breakfast.
After she joined them, Michael pulled Liz's hand across the table and held it firmly.  “This is where we stand. This house is fully furnished with weapons and food. I have to get back to the fortress and help my father. You two will have to stay here on your own.”
Angie's hand hit the table. “Are you crazy?”
“No one knows about this place. I bought it with my own money.  It’s not even in the fortress archives. I have plenty of money stashed here so you can go shopping and get anything you need.”
“You can’t just leave us here!  You can’t go back to the fortress. Michael, they are trying to kill you.”  Liz‘s voice trembled as she spoke.
“I have to go back. There is no way around it!”
“Michael, please!” she begged. “I don’t want to be here without you. You said you were never leaving me again.”
“My mother didn't send me with you for you to just leave me in this nasty, horrid house!”  Angie chimed in. 
Ignoring the girl, he looked directly at Liz. “I have to know what is going on in there, Elizabeth.”  Both of them glared at each other, hoping the other would back down. 
“You don’t have to go back. We can know what’s going on there without being actually being there.”  Angie interjected with a strange smile on her face. She shook out her hair and looked around as if searching for something.
“We can’t use telepathy. That works both ways remember? If we use it to hear there, then they can follow the line back here to us.”  
“We don’t need to use it.”  Angie’s whole face lit up and she giggled as she brought her hand up to her mouth. She looked around again and whispered, “I have a secret weapon. I was going to tell you later, but I guess there is no time like the present.” 
Michael let out an exasperated gasp.
“Now don’t get mad. I brought someone with me.”  Her smile grew even wider. “William is here.”
“Oh for Pete’s sake. Your ghost stories are not going to help us now.”
“Oh, you don’t believe me then?”  She laughed.
“Of course he believes you.” Liz flashed Michael a warning look. She knew how he felt about Angie’s ghost stories, but she wasn’t about to let him hurt the girl’s feelings.
“Okay then, I’ll show you. William?”  She paused then exclaimed, “I don't want to hear it, just show them.” Another pause and her fingers began tapping on the table in irritation. “I said show them right now and I am not joking. I broke the rules even bringing you, and you are going to obey me, or leave.”
Just to the side of Angie’s left shoulder a tiny pinpoint of light began to manifest. It grew to the size of a golf ball and floated there. Michael and Liz were dumbfounded. Both of their chins dropped and their eyes widened with shock. 
Angie laughed and said, “Oh quit being ridiculous.” She sighed. “You can do better than that. Just show them.”  Shaking her head, she leaned in toward Michael and Liz and explained, “He’s very theatrical. He’s always worried about making an entrance.”
Suddenly, a handsome young man dressed in a confederate uniform stood beside Angie. Michael bolted up and went in to a snarling crouch. Liz jumped back in her chair almost knocking it over. 
“Oh stop,” laughed Angie. “You can’t kill a ghost anyhow.”
William wore a sheepish grin. “Howdy, Sir.  Ma’am.” he said with a quaint nod of his head.
Liz busted out laughing. “I’ve said, ever since she started talking about them, that you have to believe a vampire's ghost stories.”
Michael didn’t find it nearly as amusing as Liz. In fact, he was rather upset by the whole thing. “How do you know he can be trusted?” 
“Of course he can be trusted. He doesn’t even talk to anyone but me, he’s been angry with the others ever since he found out they just let him die.” Angie smugly replied.
Michael returned to his seat and started chuckling. He folded his hands and rested them on the table, leaned back in his chair and said, “Okay, Angie, I had my own plans, but maybe it’s time you told me yours.”
Angie slid forward and with a devious smile began to explain. “Well… I’ve been thinking all the way here, actually, before we even left the fortress. I knew I’d need a way to contact mother to find out when it was safe to go home. You see, ghosts attach themselves to people and places, sometimes they even attach to things. Well good old William here, he attached himself to the lands around the fortress when he died. Then one night when mother let me go out hunting we saw each other, talked, and he attached himself to me.”  She was exuberant with her newly hatched strategy. “So he can go from me back the fortress at any time.” 
As Angie sat there waiting for approval on her innovative idea, Michael and Liz looked in amazement at each other. Neither of them would have ever thought that this chatty young girl would be able to come up with such a brilliant plan. They both began talking at once.
“Brilliant.” Liz said.
“Unbelievable.” agreed Michael
“I know!” exclaimed Angie. “And don’t act so shocked. I do have a brain.”  She said as she crossed her arms over her chest and stuck out her tongue. 
Michael stood up again and began pacing the room, his mind racing with the new opportunities William’s appearance had opened. Now he was going to have a good plan, one that didn’t involve him leaving the girls to fend for themselves. One that would allow him to be on the outside doing what needed to be done. Taking a few minutes to pull everything together in his mind, he paced a little longer and returned to his seat looking like he had just won the lottery.
“Okay ladies, here’s what we’re going to do.”  Michael poured out his strategy in its entirety. He stopped occasionally to make sure William understood what was being asked of him, and determine his ability to perform the required tasks. It was a great plan and it just might be enough to keep them alive and help with the war.
Apparently, William could converse with anyone he chose. He just hadn’t elected to speak to anyone, except for Angie, in all these long years. He could also communicate with other ghosts. There were quite a large group of them at the fortress according to William and Angie. William was told to go directly to Gregorio and tell him they were safe. He was to explain the ‘plan’ to him and only him. 
Angie crossed her arms over chest.  “Well that’s a load of crap.  My mother has as much at stake in this as your father does.”  
Michael firmly shook his head.  “Gregorio is free to tell her anything she desires to know.  The fewer people William has contact with, the less likely it is he will be overheard.”  His eyes narrowed as he stared at William.  “You understand fully what you are to do?”
William nodded.  He was more than happy to get involved in this war. Fighting had been his forte in life.  He found it fitting that he would be doing it in death as well.

***

Over the next few weeks, the small group of vampires ate, slept, and breathed war. William constantly relayed messages between the safe house and the fortress.  Many of the insurgents had left the fortress right after the fighting broke out. If any rebels were left, they were so well concealed that no one knew their identity. Monroe was nowhere to be found, and his little buddy Demitre was missing in action as well. The covens and nests outside the fortress had also taken sides. William and his associates were the only line of defense against the subterfuge and deceit of the rebel faction.
Although they termed it a war, there really was very little fighting going on. The Eldest had decreed that anyone refusing to bow to the will of the remaining council members would be put to immediate death. But of course, no one was coming forward to disagree openly with anything at this point. Rumors of vampire armies being amassed, and rogue vamps creating multitudes of new vampires, flourished.  
Newspapers from all over the country headlined stories about serial killers, the incline of murder rates, and missing persons in nearly every major city in the nation. So it appeared that the reports were true. Michael had warned Gregorio that if they were going to maintain control, the Council would need to form an army of its own. There were too many now for him to take them all out alone. 


Chapter Seven
Building an Army

When they weren’t processing the ghost’s information or revising strategies, they trained. Michael knew at some point, he would have to leave them and return to the fortress. He wanted to be certain both of the girls could to protect themselves. The basement provided a perfect training area. The room was built to encompass the entire expanse of the house and offered plenty of space from floor to ceiling. Boards covered the four rectangular windows on each wall, allowing them to practice any hour of the day.
In the beginning, they worked with long swords, the best weapon to use when trying to kill a troublesome vampire. Any sharp sword would do, but when dealing with the unnamed, one did not want to come within reach. Regardless of myths and legends, there are only two ways to kill a vampire. Stakes through the heart are nothing more than a nuisance. And dead man’s blood? Well that gives them a nice stomachache, but it won‘t kill them. They must be beheaded, or so severely injured that every last drop of blood is exsanguinated from their body. 
Fighting with heavy blades was taxing. Liz and Angie worked for hours in the dank basement practicing thrusts and swings on homemade dummies made of wood and cloth. Even with the razor sharp blades, it was difficult to slice through necks of wood. They had to do it with one swing. As long as there was some attachment, the vampire would still have a few seconds of strength left before bleeding out enough to fall. Michael was a harsh taskmaster. Fearing for their lives, he would not ease up on training.
“My freaking arms are tired. I’ve lopped off that head fifteen times today. Enough is enough already.” Angie said as she dropped to the floor. She glared at Michael while massaging her overworked muscles.
“Five minutes. That’s it. Then you’re getting back at it.”  
The clanging of Liz and Michael’s swords did not waver as he spoke to the girl. His sword swung around in an enormous arch over his head, headed directly for her throat. Her sword cut up stopping his in midair. 
She grinned. 
He winked.
“Again.” He said and took another swing. This time he spun, sword leveled at her throat, using the momentum of the turn to land a massive blow. Liz jumped into the air grabbing one of the beams across the ceiling, allowing his sword to pass under her. Michael didn’t stop to wink this time. He followed his sword under her dangling feet and attacked her from behind. As he brought the blade around for a swing at her legs, she let go of the beam and somersaulted away from him. Movements’ fluid. Her body a well-oiled machine.
Liz turned and came at him. This time she feigned attack. He brought his sword up over his head, ready to unload another crushing blow. Midway to him, Liz sprung into the air and planted her feet in the center of his chest, sending him flying into the basement wall. The force of his impact threw chunks of the concrete flying across the open expanse, and his body sunk to the floor. Liz did not let up. Before Michael could extricate himself from the rubble and bring his sword back up, Liz was on top of him. Her sword was gone but the intricately carved knife he had given her was lodged against his throat.
“Give?”
“No.”  
“Oh, come on. I have you and you know it.”
“Can you sever my head with that knife?”
“Maybe.”
“Maybe?”  Michael’s hands exploded into her chest sending her flailing through the air. She landed just short of Angie’s feet. 
Cat-like, Liz jumped to her feet and attacked again.
“Wait.”  Michael said as he glanced at Angie. 
Angie continued to rub her arms, refusing to look at him. She knew what was coming and wanted no part of it.
“Ang? Time to get back in the game.”
“So? I’m hungry.”
“So nothing. Get up and get at it.”
“I’m tired and hungry.”
“You can eat in a bit. Let’s get at it.”  Michael sighed deeply. Why did this girl work so hard to be difficult?
“I want to eat now.”  
Liz turned and stuck her hand out to pull Angie to her feet. 
She shoved the hand away and remained seated. 
Liz knelt down and looked in her face. 
Her eyes narrowed as she pulled her mouth to the side in defiance.
“Come on, sis.  It can’t be helped. I don’t want to lose you.”
Angie let out a groan, took Liz’s re-offered hand, and allowed herself to be pulled to her feet.

***

Over the next few weeks, both girls mastered several fighting techniques. Whether hand-to-hand, or swords and knives, Liz became proficient in every area. In a short amount of time, her mastery almost matched Michael’s. Angie on the other hand, was not quite as gifted in this area and had to work much harder to become competent. Within a short time, both girls were not just killer vampires; they were extremely capable vampire killers. 
The team, as Angie liked to call them, was ready and able to fight, but there were simply not enough of them to do any good. Michael decided that they had been in the house too long and it was time to move. Michael and the girls began moving from one safe house to another.  He became fanatical about spending too much time in one place. 
Moving frequently was a problem. They were continuously running into hidden vampire covens. Some houses had to be evacuated after the first day or two. On the outskirts of Indianapolis, they came across an unusually large coven. Michael had gone to do a little reconnaissance and met up with an old acquaintance. In the past, they had been on good terms, but now, there was no way to know who could be trusted. The group had no choice but to move to the next location. 
By the time they reached the outskirts of Little Rock, they were in desperate need of supplies. Not just blood, the girls had informed Michael that clothing and toiletries were also required if they were to assimilate into society without notice.
“There are shops open late. Past dark anyhow. Grab your things and we’ll head out,” Michael answered.
“Yay!  It’s about time we did something fun.” Angie rushed to retrieve her shoes and purse.
Liz stood still staring at the worn kitchen door.
Michael moved to her placing a hand on her arm. “What’s wrong?”  
“There are people out there.”
One eyebrow rose. “And?”
She shook her head and shrugged.
“You’ll be fine. I’ll help you.”
Still worried, she managed a smile. “Of course. It’s just…”
“Come on you guys. Let’s go.”  Angie yelled from the front of the house.
Liz sighed as Michael pulled her into his embrace. The electric current between them still sent sparks up her spine.
“You’ll be fine,” he whispered in her ear.
“Guys!  You’re burning darkness here.”  Angie’s excited voice called.
“We’re coming. Keep your fangs on.”  Michael laughed. 

***

Michael drove them to the Rivermarket, a quaint shopping district in the downtown area. As usual, it was densely populated with party goers and drunken bar patrons stumbling back and forth between the numerous pubs lining the streets. 
Liz’s eyes darted over the wandering humans. Their heartbeats a constant echo in her head. Licking her lips, she asked, “You sure this is okay?”
He wrapped his arm around her shoulders pulling her close. “It will be fine. Don’t worry.” 
Maneuvering the girls down the sidewalk and around the corner, they moved into a less populated area. Small shops lined the street. Their lighted signs gave a nostalgic glow. All at once, Liz felt as if she’d been transported back in time. Halfway down the block a teenage girl stood behind a baby stroller gazing into a window. Immediately, Liz felt the wave of emotion rolling off the girl. Sadness. Desperation. 
As if feeling Liz’s intrusion into her mind, the girl’s head snapped in their direction. She swiped a tear from her cheek and returned to staring through the window.
“Can I help you?”  Liz asked as they drew near. “Is something wrong?”
The girl’s dark hair shimmered under the lights as she shook her head.
“You sure?”
Almost gushing, words poured from her mouth. “It’s just that…well…prom is tomorrow. My dress is in there it’s supposed to be ready. But I have to do the last fitting. I was supposed to be here earlier. My mother volunteered me to babysit and now I’m stuck, and I have to work tomorrow and they won’t be open.”
Michael’s eyebrow rose. “I guess I’m missing something. Can’t you take the baby inside?”
The girl pointed to a sign on the glass door. It read:  Due to recent thefts, no large bags, purses, or strollers will be allowed in this establishment. Thank you. Management.
“Just take her in with you. We’ll watch the stroller for you,” Angie volunteered.
The girl’s eyes grew wide. “Oh would you really? That would be wonderful!  It’ll only take just a few minutes.”
Liz smiled. “Of course we can. We can’t have you missing prom.”
The young girl bent over the stroller and began to unbuckle the baby. Dressed in pink with tight blond curls sprouting from her head, the infant grunted and issued a loud burp. Sighing, it rolled to its side.
“Why don’t you just leave her there, hun. You’ll move faster without her.”  Liz said.
Momentarily unsure, the girl carefully looked them over before shrugging and saying, “Thanks so much!  I promise I won’t be long.”
As the shop door closed behind her, Michael hissed, “Have you lost your mind woman?”
“Smile and wave. She’s watching.”  Liz answered.
All three smiled brightly and waved at the young girl.
“She looks nervous.”  Angie said.
Michael moved to stand between Angie and the stroller. “She should be nervous. Who in their right mind would leave an infant with three strangers?”
“Three hungry strangers,” Angie whispered.
Liz cast a sideways glance at Angie. The pain of the thirst was prevalent on her face. Following Michael’s lead, she inserted herself between Angie and the baby girl.
Glaring at both of them, Angie stepped back two paces before muttering, “Oh good grief. I’m fine. It’s just the smell. That baby smell is always hard on me.” 
Without thinking, Liz took a deep breath and was immediately assailed with the sweetest purest aroma she’d ever encountered before. Akin to honeysuckle, yet the scent brought to mind a fine New York strip. Her stomach turned, but her mouth began to water. Hands shaking, she also stepped back. “That’s…it’s--”
“Shit.”  Michael repositioned his body to stand between the two girls and the stroller. “Get it under control. Both of you. We don’t need a scene.”
Liz took several deep breaths in hopes of calming the threatening thirst. Realizing too late that the long gulps of air made it worse, she held her breath.  Her body tingled with anticipation. A dull burn rose in her throat. Closing her eyes, she willed the darkness to settle. Gradually the thirst subsided as she regained control. Her eyes sought Angie. Standing primly with her hands folded, the girl shrugged. “I told you I’m fine.”
Liz nodded and released her breath. 
A loud wail echoed through the nearly silent street as the infant woke. 
The three traded glances. “What do we do?”  Liz said.
“Don’t look at me. I know nothing of infants.”  Michael answered.
Angie’s hands went out in front of her as she took more steps back. “Me either.”
Liz gave out an exasperated sigh and moved toward the stroller. “Holy crap. It’s just a baby.”  
As she bent over to retrieve the squalling infant, Michaels hand latched on to her arm. “Liz, be careful. Are you sure you have it under control?”
She nodded. “I’m fine. I got this, don’t worry.”
“Shhh. Don’t cry sweetheart. It’s all right.”  Liz crooned as she snuggled the small bundle to her chest. 
The baby quieted, and within seconds, had closed its eyes. 
Chin resting against the cherub’s head, Liz closed her eyes and enjoyed the warmth emanating from the precious package. Comfortable now and deep in sleep, the baby’s head lolled to the side exposing her tiny neck. Liz’s eyes unconsciously moved over the area that pulsated with every beat of her heart. 
Once again her mouth watered. Desperate eyes sought Michael’s. “Michael, I--”
And then it was too late. Almost of its own accord, her head drew back. Her mouth opened exposing her fangs as a hiss issued forth. Like magic, Liz found herself pinned against the brick wall. Angie’s angry face came into view. Michael stood several feet away holding the baby. “Get her out of here,” Michael said through gritted teeth.
Angie gave him a curt nod, grabbed Liz’s arm in a vice-like grip, and pulled her down the sidewalk into a nearby alley. 
“Oh my God. I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to. I didn’t mean to.”  Liz stuttered.
“Of course you didn’t. You couldn’t help it. That’s why we have to be certain--”  
A drunken mumble interrupted her. Their eyes were instantly drawn to a large cardboard box. Grinning, Angie said, “Stay right there.”  Moving with the speed only a vampire could manage; Angie went to the box and returned with a disheveled, filthy man in tow.
Liz’s mouth fell open.
Eyeing her friend to be certain she was listening, Angie said, “Now watch. This is how it’s done. And these are your prey. They don’t taste as good as others, but their minds are easily manipulated.”  
Liz shook her head. “No!  I don’t want—“
Angie released the vagabond and he dropped to the ground. “You don’t want to what? Eat him? He’s their trash. They threw him away. You were about to eat a darling little infant a few seconds ago, and now all of sudden you have a guilty conscience? You’re not going to kill him. You’re going to feed.”
Once again Liz shook her head. This time she pointedly looked down the alley and away from Angie and the unknown man.
Angie shrugged. “Have it your way.” Grabbing the man by the lapels of his tattered coat, she raised him to a standing position and gazed into his eyes. “Stand. You are no longer drunk.”
The man stood straight and tall. Fear glazed his eyes as he stared at the blond vampire.
“Tut, tut. None of that. There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
His eyes cleared and he smiled.
Angie held out her hand and ordered, “Arm.”
He placed his arm in her waiting hand.
Repulsed but unable to look away, Liz watched as her friend bit into his wrist. Her mouth watered as the distinct sound of gulping reached her ears. The still air in the alley filled with the scent of bitter and iron causing her to swallow hard.
Angie raised her head. Red covered her lips and dripped down her chin as she smiled. “You sure? He’s not that bad.”
Before she could stop herself, Liz’s mouth locked onto the gaping wound. Sweet nectar flooded down her throat.

***

The Eldest would not listen to Gregorio’s pleas to build their own vampire army. Unwilling to comply with his master’s orders, he delegated the task to Michael. The process of building the vampire army began. 
They had no idea where to start. With so many renegades hiding in plain sight, every friend was a potential foe. Michael and Liz were sitting at the table discussing what to do next, when Angie approached.
“William has an idea.”
Michael looked up. “Angie we covered everything. I don’t see what else the ghost can do besides what he is already doing.”
“Fine, forget it.”  She flipped around sending her blond hair fanning behind her.
Liz’s eyebrows knitted together as she jabbed Michael in the side with her index finger. “William has been a blessing. The least we can do is listen.” 
Michael shrugged and began to respond, when he noticed the angry glare Liz was giving him. “Fine. Go get her.”
Giving him one final glare, Liz stood up and went after the young girl. She returned to the kitchen with Angie reluctantly in tow. 
“Have a seat.”
Angie pulled out a chair and plopped down. Arms folded across her chest, she scathingly said, “What?”
“I might have been a bit too short with you. Tell me William’s idea.”
Sighing, she uncrossed her arms and placed her hands on the edge of the table. “William can see the essence of a being.”
Liz shot a look at Michael. “What does that mean?”
The young girl gaped at Liz as if she was simple-minded. “The essence. Whether they are good or evil.”
“I thought we didn’t have souls?” Liz asked. 
Michael blinked and leaned forward, ignoring Liz‘s question. “He can see their hearts?”
“Precisely. Well not so precise as close. He can see their true intentions. Most of them anyhow. Some are harder to read. It depends on how strong they are and how long they’ve been a vampire.”  Angie smiled smugly as she leaned back and rested her legs on the table.
Michael’s lips slowly stretched into a smile. “Well, well. This does change things a bit, now doesn’t it?”
With William’s help, Michael devised a new plan. 
Knowing that they were already in an area that seemed overly populated with vampires, Michael sent William to find other spirits that were dwelling in the area of the nearest covens. The easiest way to discover the nature of a clan was to find those that had their own ghosts. William could discuss the clan’s motivations with those of his kind, before bothering to evaluate the nest itself. This was a time saver, but it also had flaws. Most times, William would return with very little information. It was difficult for him to find other spirits who wanted to get involved in the affairs of vampires or men. After several days of trying, they caught a lucky break. 
William returned telling Michael that the particular nest of vampires he’d infiltrated, had their own ghosts.
“You’re positive these other spirits can be trusted?” Michael asked.
“Ain’t no doubt, Mike. This man lost his wife and two kids from the pox. They been with him ever since. Seems like an awfully good woman to me. Doubt she’d stick around with the young’uns for a man what ain’t worth it.”
  “Don’t take this wrong, but there have been several women who stayed with monstrous men.”  Michael walked to the kitchen sink, turned the water on and watched it run.
“Look here. I heard them talking. You know how people will talk when they think nary a soul’s listening. They don’t take with this business with the Council. They don’t take to it at all. If I were a bettin’ man, I’d put money on this gamble.”  William shuffled his feet and shoved his hands in his pockets. 
Michael filled a jug with water and sat it on the side of the sink. Liz had insisted on buying houseplants to keep with them. Every time they moved, the plants would go as well. Somehow, it had been his job to keep them watered. He smiled as he realized that he actually enjoyed the chore. For some reason, he found the menial task relaxing. “That was probably her plan all along,” he thought.  
“You needed something to calm you down.” Her voice intruded into his mind. A few seconds later, she entered the kitchen from the basement. “So what are we going to do? This is a heck of a time to start doubting William’s abilities.”
“I’m not doubting, just trying to take every aspect into consideration.” Michael sighed as he pulled a chair out and sat at the table. He looked from one to the other and asked, “You both think we should make contact?”
William nodded. “It’s time. We ain’t getting any further with this if we don’t start somewhere.”
“I agree, dear. You said yourself that there are risks in war. He who does nothing needs not worry about arriving at a destination.”
Michael’s eyebrows drew up in curiosity. “Confucius?”
“Lizucius. Like it?”  
“It’s agreed then. I will go tomorrow night.”

***

For someone with Michael’s unique skills, it was easy to find the hidden coven of vampires. He followed all of the customary procedures when approaching a nest uninvited. At the outskirts of their territory, he waited patiently to be noticed by someone on the inside. It didn’t take long for the nest to sense his presence. A dark-haired vampire approached him.
“What is your business here? You are trespassing.”
“I seek counsel with your leader.”
“Name?”
“As I said, I seek counsel with your leader and only with him. My name and business is for his ears alone.”  Michael leaned against a tree with his arms folded across his chest.
The sentry closed his eyes and the vacant look of telepathy came over his face. Within a few seconds, he smiled and took a stance similar to Michael’s against another tree. “They will be here soon.”
“Thank you.”
As he waited for the leader of the clan to approach, Michael realized that William’s idea of small was not the same as his. By the time the leader joined him outside the dilapidated house his coven called home, thirty-one vampires surrounded him. Michael hoped William was correct in his assumption that these vampires would be friendly to his cause, because if he was wrong, there were too many of them for even someone of Michael’s strength and abilities to over power.
Four vampires stepped aside, creating a gap, and a massive vampire stepped inside the circle. As the leader of the clan approached, both he and Michael evaluated each other. The clan leader was as tall as Gregorio with light brown hair tied at the nape of his neck. Unlike his father, who’d spent too many years involved in Council business, and too few, in hard physical labor, this man was abundantly muscled. Raw power oozed from him. With each movement, muscles rippled and strained against his clothing. A two inch, jagged scar below his right eye twitched as his jaw tightened. He seemed a fearsome man, however, the mirth glittering in his sea green eyes gave indication of a personality not quite matching the outward appearance. He crossed his colossal arms in front of his chest and stared at Michael.
The edge of Michael’s lips pulled into a slight smile. He knew William was right about this vampire at least. He liked him.
Customs dictated that Michael should first introduce himself to the leader and then state his reason for being there. Michael couldn’t do both. He didn’t know how many of the others there would be against him.
Michael gave a short bow. “Thank you for meeting me. I have traveled a great distance for this encounter.” 
The massive man watched him warily. “What brings you to my doorstep, traveler?” 
Michael peered at the group surrounding them. “I come seeking counsel and aid. That which I must ask you, and the information I have to give, would best be done in private.”
“We know who you are. There are many searching for you. You bring danger to us all just by being on our lands.”
No one spoke. Not one of them uttered a sound. This behemoth of a man commanded complete control over his clan. If Michael could sway him to join them, he would be the perfect leader of the Council’s army. Michael shrugged in resignation and said apologetically, “I beg forgiveness. This situation could not be helped.”
The leader walked to him, clapped him on the shoulder with a smile, and said, “Then forgiveness you shall receive. Welcome to my lands, Michael. It is good to see that even though things have changed for the worse, civility has not been lost.”
Michael thanked him and followed him inside.
“Our home is humble, but it suits our purpose. My name is Jonathon, but I prefer Big Jon.”  The man said as he held the front door open for Michael.
Michael’s eyebrows went up inquisitively. It was unusual for vampires to take on nicknames. That was ever so human.
Big Jon smiled and chuckled as he slapped Michael on the back. “I know. It has been many years since I was mortal. Even so, I cannot rid myself of those last vestiges of humanity.”  
“Ah,” Michael replied as his eyes wandered over the living room they were standing in. The room was homey. Hand painted landscapes hung on the walls and small potted candles gave off a scent of freshly baked apple pie. The blue-checkered furniture, although well used, made the room appear comfortable and inviting.
“Don’t take that as weakness. I’m not apologizing. In my opinion, keeping those things about us that are innately human is essential. We are only monsters if we choose that path.”  Big Jon brought his arms out in a gesture that encompassed the room. “We are all of like mind here. I, and my band of misfits, live by a higher set of values than most of our persuasion.”
Jon took a seat in a large over-stuffed chair, motioning for Michael to do the same.
“So I’ve been told. That is why I am here.”  Michael said as he sat on the sofa.
Big Jon leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees. “You’ve been told? By whom exactly? We do not accept travelers here readily.”
“Would you believe my friend William, who has recently met your wife?”
Jon was all ears then. His wife had been dead for two hundred years. “I think you’d better explain yourself.”
Michael breathed in deeply and began to explain from the beginning, how he’d acquired the information.
Big Jon listened patiently, never interrupting to ask questions or to comment. When Michael finished, he sat brooding over what he’d heard. After a few moments, he smiled and let out a bellowing laugh. “I’ve always felt her. Strange isn’t it? Somehow, I’ve always felt she was near. And the children too you say?”  
Michael nodded.
“Remarkable.”  Big Jon paused as if considering what he would say next. He looked around the room searching the faces of the few in his clan that were gathered and then began to tell a tale of his own.
Not one in this clan of vampires had been turned by anyone among them. They were all nomads, never staying with any other clan for very long until they had met up with each other. The nest had heard rumors of Michael’s tale already, and had made their own plans to fight. For them, the trouble had been how to get information to the Council to let them know that they were available and willing. 
“I have information for you as well. Although the renegades do not hold the Fortress proper, the lands surrounding it are inaccessible. I dispatched five of my best fighters to aid the Council. Only one of them returned, and he was barely alive when he arrived. One hundred miles from the fortress, they ran into a roving nest of vampires. They were questioned and set free, only to be ambushed two hours later by a pack of the Unnamed. It was a slaughter.”
Michael kept his expression stoic, refusing to show the anger and fear resonating throughout him. His fingers tapped nervously on the arm of the couch. 
Coming against the Unnamed was difficult for even a thoroughly trained elder vampire. Those numbers?  Impossible. He was lucky to have gotten away. 
“He had no idea of the pack’s size, Michael. Only that in the midst of the battle, they were everywhere.”  Jon stood up, walked to the large picture window, and stared into the night. “Each of us are in grave danger. They are not exclusively in opposition to you. Anyone that refuses to stand with them is against them. Any against them, die.”
“Unfortunately for them, we are not all of the same mind.”  Michael’s mouth slipped into a sneer.
Jon read the look of challenge on his face and once again let out a bellowing laugh. “That we are not, my friend. We could do some damage before it’s all over.”
“We could do more than that with some help.”  Michael smiled.
For two days, they talked and planned until they had finally come to an agreement. Michael would bring the girls to stay here with this coven, and the three of them would train the others to fight.
Michael returned to the coven with Liz and Angie that evening. It was strange for the girls in the beginning because most of the nest were men, and older. Not in vampire years, just older in permanent ages. Both girls had a hard time finding their niche and fitting in at first. But as the days moved on and training began, the other vampires developed a special respect for the girls and their fighting skills. Michael was an excellent teacher and soon every last one of them was deadly.
Vampires have always been particularly vicious fighters. But being a vampire assassin required expertise that overrode base anger and strength. Pure instinct would not suffice.  A high level of perception and continuous awareness of one’s surroundings, as well as weapons mastery, were needed. These things are rather difficult to teach, especially to thirsty vampires. Jonathon’s control over his clan kept everyone in line and learning. They were almost ready to take on the renegades when William came back from the fortress with a message.
Michael and Big Jon were meeting with the leaders of several nests that they had happened upon when William appeared before them. Even for a ghost, his face looked pale and drawn. “What’s wrong?”  Michael demanded.
“I don’t know how to tell you this. It’s not good. It’s not good at all.”  William replied.
“Speak up man. We don’t have all night.”  Big Jon interjected.
Angie burst through the closed door yelling, “William, what’s going on? Something is wrong I can feel it!”
William looked briefly at the floor before meeting her eyes. “The fortress is overrun. The Council has fled and the Eldest's body has been taken away.”
“Where is my Mother?” Angie asked softly.
“And my Father, what of him?”  Michael questioned.
William’s somber face answered their questions before he could speak. Angie dropped to the floor and let out a piercing wail. William knelt down and placed his hand over her head as if to touch her. “They are not dead,” he said as he raised his eyes to Michael’s. “They are missing. No one seems to know their location.”
“The other spirits at the fortress have no information?” Big Jon asked.
William looked away as shame covered his face. “They will not help. They want no part of this.”
Michael looked grim. His words held venom as he spoke. “Then there is no friend left at the fortress.”  He turned to the group of leaders that now stood around the table. “It is up to us now. We fight or we die.”
Tiberius, the oldest of those gathered, and leader of one of the larger clans, remained in his seat. Turned in the prime of his life, he retained the appearance of a man in his mid thirties. Dirty blond hair framed dark unblinking eyes ablaze with alarm. His baritone voice resounded with wisdom as he spoke. “How can this be? The fortress is impenetrable. It would be impossible for renegades to reach the chambers of the Eldest.”
“Impossible from the outside, Tiberius, but not from within.”  Michael answered as Liz sped through the doorway. She hastily moved to where Angie sat in a catatonic state and pulled her up from the floor. Liz intruded into Michael’s chaotic thoughts for a moment before leaving. “What can I do?”
“Take care of her. This will be a long night.”
“Do you--”
Michael cut her off. “Not now, darling. I am fine. Take care of Angie and inform those outside.”
As she left the room, she heard him say, “Is this enough? Must the renegades arrive at the doors of your nests for you to take action?”  
The vampire leaders remained silent as Michael’s enraged gaze momentarily rested on each of them. His fist slammed onto the table top with a deafening blow, rending it in half. “There will be blood to pay for this night’s deed. If you are against me then take your leave, but know those of you that leave will die if we ever cross swords.”  


Chapter Eight
All Dressed Up and No Place to Go

Completely deflated, Michael had no idea what to do without any leadership in place at the fortress. The clan leaders spent hours huddled in private, trying to develop a strategy to bring down the renegades. Liz kept the others occupied with training. All these weeks of practicing and preparing, and the war was over before they’d even had a chance to fight.
Sitting alone by the fire, the rhythmic clangs and thwacks from those training lulled Liz into a meditative state. She felt the loss of Michael as if he had left the enclave. An unexpected pressure on her shoulder caused her to jump.
“Sorry, didn't mean to startle you.”  William said.
“Is it my turn to take over?”
“No, I'm just bored. They're all doing quite well. Except that new guy, he's horrible.”  William laughed as he plopped down beside her.
“Hmmm.”  Liz watched the flames, engrossed in her own thoughts.
“So did you know that last night Angie and Marion got into a huge fight?”  His eyes twinkled with mirth.
Liz answered, “Uh huh,” remaining transfixed on the fire.
Shaking his head and smiling, he continued. “Yeah it was over me. Marion tried to have her way with me last night and Angie came to my rescue.”
“Hmmm.”
He shoved hard pushing Liz off the log. “You're not even listening to me!” he laughed.
Stunned and blinking, Liz stared at him. “Hey!”
William cocked an eyebrow, turned his head to the side, and smiled. “Did you even hear what I said?”
“I'm sorry. What were you telling me? Wait a minute, how did you do that?”
William laughed. “Depending on the mass of the object, I can move things. You don't have much mass.”
Liz turned, leaned against the log, and continued watching the fire. “What were you telling me?”
“It's not important I just wanted to see if you were listening. You are nearly in the same condition as Angie.”
She picked up a small pebble and tossed it into the fire. “Athena was everything to her. It's not unexpected she would react this way.”
“Oh I know why she's acting this way, question is why are you?”
Liz sighed and found another pebble to skip into the fire. “It's complicated.”
“No it isn't.”
Shaking her head, Liz turned to look at him. “What do you want, Will?”
“I want us to win this battle.”
“Well apparently you're a little late in the wanting.”
William shook his head and smiled. “If there's one thing I've learned, it's that it is never too late to do anything. Or did you forget who you're talking to? Now what's on your mind?”
“Me? Nothing.”
“Uh huh, and General Lee was my Daddy.”
“Really it's nothing. I'm just feeling sorry for myself.”  She sighed again and met his eyes. “Okay, it's everything. There. Feel better now?”
Leaning forward, he rested his elbows on his knees and waited. 
Looking at him now, it was hard to believe he wasn't alive. He looked like an average man sitting there. “I never see Michael. I have no idea what to do for Angie. I'm having to train all the others, most of whom don't even like me. I have no clue who I am anymore, and like that's not enough, I miss my family and home.”
“Liz, everyone misses their family. Most of those around here hasn't seen hide nor hair of a family member in a hundred years or better. And Angie will work herself through this. She just needs some time.”  He slid down to sit beside her and continued. “I wish you could see what I see when I look at you. Your aura is different from any I've ever seen, especially vampires. Have you bothered to tell Michael any of this?”
Shaking her head, she relaxed against the log once again. “I hear him all the time now, but he can't hear me unless I want him too.”
“And you're not sharing your thoughts for what reason exactly?”
“He's got enough to handle. He doesn't need my whining. Besides, it would just upset him.”
“All right, Lizzy, pick yourself up and dust off. These are your people now, and they need you.”
“Yeah, Lizzy Borden.”  She scoffed.
“No, Busy Lizzy. Too busy to be feeling all sad and mopey. Now put a smile on your face and get to it.”
Exhaling roughly, the uncertainty left her eyes and was replaced with determination. “You're right. I'm being a baby.”  Standing, she flashed him a smile and headed off toward the training vampires.
“Go get ‘em, girl.”  William called after her as he began to dematerialize.

***

“We have to feed the masses. The thirst is making everyone irrational.”  Big Jon said.
“I know, but I don't know what to do about it. This area is simply not large enough to sustain us.”  Michael replied.
Both men surveyed a new group of trainees. Every so often, one would give in to the thirst and begin fighting like a maniac. They had already stopped the class several times to allow heads to cool. “Hey!  Keep hold of your minds.”  Michael yelled at two fighters who were getting carried away.
“It's going to be like this until we resolve this situation.”  Big Jon said moving into to quell the squabble.  Sliding his sword out of its sheath, he brought it over his head and slammed it down hard against the two wooden swords locked in combat. The wood splintered, leaving the fighters holding nothing but handles. “What part of keep your heads did you not understand?”
Panting, both stared at him.
“Take a break. Hunt in the woods and get back here and get to work.”
The smaller of the two spat, “Hunt for what? Squirrels and rabbits? How do expect us to survive on that?” 
“I expect you to do what you're told or leave.”  He ordered.
Movement in his peripheral vision caught Michael’s attention. Liz waved, making her way to the house with two rabbits in her hands. Smiling, he motioned for her to join him. “Have a nice hunt?”
“I guess.”  Then raising the rabbits said, “For Angie. She won't go herself.”
He slipped one arm around her waist pulling her to him. After gently kissing her, he said, “She's lucky to have you. I wish she'd get over this pouting spell and kick it in gear.”
Liz pushed away. “You're too hard on her. She's just a kid.”
“A three hundred year old kid?”
“It is not her fault her mind is stuck in teenage mode. Athena should have thought about that before changing her.”
Stepping back, he crossed his arms. “Teenagers back then were considered adults. Athena babies the girl too much.” 
Rabbits wriggling in her hands, averted her attention for a moment. “How can you say that? Half the time you act like you don't even like her.”
“Well, that's just ridiculous. She's like a younger sister to me.”
She exhaled with a “Humphf” and turned to leave. 
Big Jon returned shaking his head. “Evening, Liz.”
“Hi, Jon. What's up?”
Glancing at her hands he said, “You should get those conies inside before one of the trainee’s see them.”  
Michael’s eyes became vacant as several voices entered his mind at once.
“You better get out here.”
“There's a fire and women, human women.”
“No, not humans, witches!”
“Michael, what do you want us to do?”
Meeting Jon's surprised gaze, he answered, “Where are they, and how many?”
Micah, big Jon’s lieutenant, replied, “A whole coven. Thirteen!  They are in the clearing, south of the house. Are you coming?”
“And because things aren't tough enough around here--” Big Jon said.
“Come on. We might as well get this over with.”  He answered and they headed toward the clearing.
Liz grabbed Michael's arm. “What's going on?”  
“Witches have arrived. Going to check it out now.”
“Witches? Are you kidding?”
“I wish. It'll be all right, I'll be back in a few.”
“I'm coming with you!”
“No, you're not. Stay put. I'll be right back.”  He said as he trotted off toward the trees. “Get in the house, I'll keep you informed.”
“You'll do more than that. I'm watching with you.”  She answered.
All were amazed that witches would knowingly come this close to a large nest of vampires. Mortal enemies, most vampires feared witches, and all witches hated vampires. A real witch, not those make believe want-to-be witches, but real witches with real powers could stop a vampire in its tracks with the right spell. Certain spells would control them and they are the only beings on the planet who could do that. A vampire cannot glamour a witch. Nor could they digest a witch’s blood. It is poison to them. Thirteen witches outside a nest was true cause for alarm. 
Sneaking up to the outskirts of the fire, but still encased in darkness, Michael had a bird’s eye view. Big Jon and several of the others waited farther back ready to join him if needed. The women chanted as they danced around the roaring fire. Small spell bags hung from trees enclosing the clearing. In unison, they stopped and turned to face him. 
“You may enter,” said an old woman who appeared to be the leader. Scrawny with a protruding, crooked nose, loose grey hair swung about her as she undulated in strange rhythmic movements. Her leathered skin added an unnecessary touch of authenticity. She was the epitome of storybook witches. Her eyes had a fearsome crazed look about them. 
Michael hesitated before stepping into the firelight. 
“We have been waiting for hours young man. Don’t you know that it is rude to keep an old woman waiting that long? Don’t stand there lollygagging!  Get in here and sit down, we have important business to discuss. Tell your friends in the forest that three more may enter; the rest are to leave. Oh, and I want the girl here. Now.”  The old woman motioned to the surrounding woods as she barked out orders. 
Michael turned and toward the trees and nodded.  Immediately, Big Jon and Micah stepped into the light as well.
“To which girl are you referring?” Michael asked innocently.
“Don’t play stupid with me, boy,” the old witch snarled. “Send someone for the girl now.”
 The other witches gathered behind her. Each faced a different direction and scanned the forest as if waiting for an attack. Although they had initiated this meeting, they seemed uneasy and watchful. As Michael was about to claim ignorance of who she could possibly be referring to, Liz entered the clearing. 
The old witch laughed.  “Now that’s more like it.  Everyone sit.”
Liz’s mouth gaped open, surprised and utterly speechless. 
Three of the witches cried out and ran towards her. For a moment, Michael didn’t know whether to intervene or stay put. Jon and Micah were up and at Michael’s side in an instant. Reading Liz, Michael felt a great joy burst within her, but her mind was so chaotic he couldn’t discern who they were or how she knew them. The three women cried and hugged Liz. Although she seemed astounded, Liz returned their embraces. The old woman hushed the group and told them to pull themselves together.
“There will be time for that when our meeting is done. Liz, sit,” she barked.
“Yes, Grandmother,” Liz obediently replied.
Now it was Michael’s turn to be completely shocked. He looked at Liz and mouthed, “Grandmother?” 
The old woman sighed and repeated that there would be time for all of that later. Daylight was coming quickly and there were many things to discuss. Liz sat down, and the three women joined her. Holding hands with arms wrapped lovingly around her, they all waited patiently for the old woman. The three men sat as well. The scraggly old woman cleared her throat and began to speak.
“As you can see, we have a vested interest in Liz. I am her great-grandmother Minerva. Those women with her are her mother, aunt, and the only of her sisters to receive the gift. Until this evening, she was not even aware she had witches in her family,” the old woman cackled. “We have known that this time was coming for a very long time. We have done everything within our power to see to it that it didn’t come to pass. My daughter, Liz’s grandmother, lost her life attempting to make sure her turning wouldn’t happen.”  
Liz looked questioningly at her mother, and the woman smiled sadly and nodded. The euphoria of seeing her family again dulled knowing that her grandmother died because of her. She had been told her grandmother died from a heart attack. Liz’s aunt gave her a quick squeeze with the arm she had wrapped around her shoulders. 
“We have watched your kind for thousands of years, each generation passing on information to the next. When your Council came into being, we ended our vendetta with vampires. With you being the hand of the Council, Michael, we were able to put that to rest. Since that time, we have only killed those that are known rogues. Those that will not follow your laws are open territory for all white witches everywhere. A particularly brutal rogue caused my daughter to be killed, and put Liz in danger.”  
Wide-eyed, Michael turned toward Jon, whose look mirrored his own. Children were off limits. Even before the Council came into being, most strictly followed that rule. They could be food, but to turn a child before the age of sixteen was tantamount to destruction. In the past, if a child-turned was discovered, the clan that allowed the transformation was put to death. 
“Liz had not yet received the gift of magic, making her a perfect tool for the vampire to use against us. We believe his original intention was to start a war with us and to use the conflict to gain control of the vampire nation.”  Her eyes narrowed, and the wrinkles in her face deepened as she lowered her gaze to stare directly into Michaels eyes. “He did not accomplish this as he’d hoped, thanks in part to you.”
Liz’s thoughts muddled as her mind grew numb. Michael felt shock and uncertainty emanating from her. Her human self would have been hysterical, but as she was no longer human, her mind began to shut down. Michael stood and slowly approached her. 
“You need to let me have her,” he said as he cautiously squatted down beside them. “I’m sorry, but she could be a danger to you in this state.”  
After seeing her vacant eyes and emotionless face, the women moved away. Michael scooped her up with ease and carried her to where the others sat. He tenderly nestled her in his arms as she sighed and curled into him. Her mind could not take any more. “Sleep, darling. You will be fine,” he said as her eyes closed. Michael felt her presence leave; her mind lost in the darkness of oblivion that can only be reached when one shuts down completely.
 It was just before dawn when the meeting with the witches ended. The vampires learned many things they did not know before, including the person responsible for Liz's turning and why. 
Back at the house, Michael paced back and forth. He stopped and pounded his fist against the table. “Damn Monroe,” he spat. His teeth clenched tight, he couldn’t believe the depths of Monroe’s depravity. He had visited Liz when she was a child, knowing well that the scent would fade completely. But what really angered him was how he’d set Michael up to be the one to change her. Leaving the cause of the vampire nation’s fall to rest solely on his shoulders. Years of peaceful living…gone. And for what purpose? So a maniac with little respect for anything could usurp power he wasn’t strong enough to wield?
In the realm of magic wielders, both white and dark witches dwelled. As with everything, there is always good and evil. Monroe had paired with a dark witch, an enemy to this particular coven. A spell was cast, and with the use of a lock of Michael’s hair, an enchantment was placed on Liz and Michael. There was no way that they could be in the near vicinity of each other and not feel it. Knowing Michael’s habits and hunting grounds, it was only a matter of time before they ran into each other. 
Monroe took her the first time, in her own back yard. After the attack, the family placed many protective spells around the child’s home in an effort to keep her safe. The second time he took her blood, she was four. That time, he did more than take. He also gave. 
Liz’s great-grandmother had figured out what was going on. She sensed the change in Liz and after delving into the matter, knew she’d ingested vampire blood. She knew that one more bite from a vampire would turn her and it wasn’t hard to figure the rest out from there. Without Minerva's permission, Liz's grandmother had immediately set out to find him and take his life. When they found her charred body, it was obvious a powerful dark magic had been used against her. The entire coven kept a close eye on the girl after that. Liz never knew she was rarely far from at least one of the coven. 
After many years had passed, they became lax in watching her. Everyone assumed that Monroe had given up his effort to claim her. With all the protection spells, if Monroe had come anywhere near them, they would have known immediately. But Monroe had no intention of coming near the girl again. His plan was always about bringing down Michael by using his perceived crime to gain control of the Council. 
Fifteen witch covens stood ready to come to the aid of Michael and his followers. Like it or not, Michael was now the leader of the vampire nation. The witches would only acknowledge him. Even though he felt that Big Jon would be the better leader, he had no choice. The witches would answer to no other.
The circumstances of the vampires had changed drastically; they had extremely powerful allies now. The witches knew of nine vampire clans who also shared in their desire to reinstate the Council and the vampire law. Each enclave already had a coven of witches placed near them ready to act. 
Now it was time to bring the leaders of each nest together and strategize.  Michael had his army, and they were a deadly force to be reckoned with.


Chapter Nine
The Light in the Darkness

It was almost a blessing to discover the nightmares haunting her youth were real memories. Now Liz understood why Monroe seemed familiar.
As a child, she had started wondering if she was crazy. Even then, no one had told her the truth. Several nights a week, she would wake covered in sweat and terrified. The dreams were always vivid, and unlike most people, she had no trouble remembering every detail. When she was very young, she would relay the dreams to her mother. 
“Mom, I had that dream again.”  
A quick look of fear would pass over her mother's face before being replaced with a smile. “Oh, really? Well tell me about it, was anything different this time?”
“No, not really. Just the scary man biting me, but it was so real.”
Her mother would hug her and pat her head saying, “It's just a dream, sweetie, there's no such thing as monsters.”
But there were monsters, many of them. And now Liz had become one.
Needing answers, she began spending time at the witch's camp. Sitting around the campfire with her family almost made her feel normal again. “You seem out of sorts this evening. Everything all right?” Liz's mother asked.
“Now don't trouble the girl, Marie, she's just thinking. It's good for her to have time to think.”  Minerva said.
“She is still my daughter and I still have the right to ask what is troubling her.”  Marie answered. 
Liz peered into the face that would have been hers one day, had she been mortal and aged. Except for the scarcely obvious age difference, and Marie’s shoulder length hair, they could have been twins. Giving her mother a half smile, she winked and answered, “I'm fine. I'm just having a nice big pity party for myself.”  
Minerva moved to sit beside her and patted her leg. “Spill it.”
“Now who's bothering her?”  Marie laughed and joined them. 
“Nothing to spill, Gran. Really, I'm just lonely and missing Michael.”
The old woman slid her arm around Liz's shoulder and gave her a squeeze. “You feel so hard now. Funny that. I suppose I should be used to the changes by now.”
Relaxing against Minerva's body, Liz laid her head on Gran's shoulder and sighed. “I don't know how you could. I can't get used to it, and it's me.”
“I know, honey. I'm sorry you have to go through this. We did the very best we could to keep you from it.”  She looked down at this grown woman in her arms, remembering the days when she fit there easily, and sighed.
“Gran? Why didn't you train me to be a witch?”
“Well you never had the dreams.”  
“What dreams?”
“Prophetic dreams, dear. We know when the gift is passed on because at thirteen a young witch begins having dreams.”
“I had nightmares, not dreams.”
“I know dear.”  She said as she stroked her hair. “I always feared it would come to this.”
“So did I,” her mother quietly agreed.
Liz sat up searching their faces. “Who else has it?”
Minerva stiffened but held her gaze. “That is no one's business. Not yours and not the rest of the worlds.”  The harsh tone of her voice softened as she went on, “We keep that private, dear. Like the vampires, we guard our secrets closely.”
“But why?”
Marie reached out hesitantly, taking Liz's cold hand in hers. Touching her undead daughter was still an issue she struggled with. “Do you remember, back in fourth grade, when Tommy Owens  made fun of you for wearing that short skirt?”
“Yes, but I--”
“And how his mother jumped on the principle for not having a formal dress code at the school?”
“Yes.”
“Darling, if people got that upset about a short skirt, how would they react to a coven of witches living in town. Especially when most of our family was part of it?”
Straightening her long skirt over crossed legs, Minerva said, “All you really need to know is that you come from a long line of white-witch warriors. Throughout time, your ancestors have fought on the side of good.”
Liz looked at her feet before answering. “Yes, and their worst enemies were what I am now.”
Minerva placed her hand under Liz's chin lifting it. “No dear. You are nothing like those that were hunted. And you will never be.”
“That's right. Now why don't you go find your sister and see if she needs help?”  Marie said.
“Yeah, because Abbie so loves it when I'm hanging around.”  Liz laughed.
“Now, Liz--”  
“It's okay. I really can't. I need to get back and help with the training. Twenty-five new recruits have shown up in the last two days and Michael’s hands are already full. Give Abbie a hug for me,” she whispered as she placed a light kiss on Minerva's cheek.
“Don't worry dear, she'll get used to it. They both will.”  She whispered back.

***

Michael and Big Jon met with various leaders from nine vampire covens. Tiberius, Rene, and Gabrielle were solid leaders, each having good reason to back Michael and stand against Monroe. Their camps had the same story: death, destruction and total annihilation of any that did not defer to the new Council rule. All were in hiding and preparing for war. Many nights passed before they had a workable battle plan. 
Moving methodically, Angie filled Michael's now empty glass, and with no expression whatsoever, raised the pitcher in offering to the others. Although warm, the dark fluid appeared thick and unappetizing. “Thank you, but I'll pass,” Rene answered politely. 
Big Jon and Tiberius nodded and she moved to refill the blood stained glasses. After taking a long drink, Tiberius wrinkled his nose. “Disgusting. I've never been partial to animal blood.”
“I don't know that many of us prefer it, but we must make do with what we have,” Big Jon answered.
Irritated, Michael finished his and said, “If we are done commiserating, I'd like to get back to the plan.”
Rene's jaw muscles pulled tight. “As you wish.”  His thin body, coupled with lanky arms and legs, belied the warrior inside. Apparent youth and soft features played into the illusion that the man was no threat. However, those that had sparred with him knew different. Rene’s mind and skill in battle strategy weren’t the only things that made him dangerous.
Once again, tension filled the room. Big Jon cleared his throat. “We need to establish where the rogues are hiding and who controls them. We are assuming that Monroe is the culprit, but he could be working with any number of elder vampires.”
Michael rose and placed his glass in the sink. Dismissing the barely responsive Angie with a nod, he answered, “Agreed. He is not an ancient; his powers are strong but limited.”
Draining his glass, Tiberius leaned back in his chair. “Monroe doesn't have enough intelligence to run something of this magnitude alone. There must be a driving force behind him.”
The men nodded in agreement. 
“William?”  Michael called out.
Within seconds, William materialized in front of him. “Yes?”
“Nothing new from those inside?”  
“Only what we've already been told. He holds command at the fortress with four generals at his disposal. His army consists of at least sixty Unnamed, one-hundred old ones, and four hundred fifty newly-made.”
Silent until now, Gabrielle rubbed his face. “There's no point in any of this. We cannot possibly take on that many. It is ridiculous to even consider. Unless we are going to start turning humans left and right, we will never win this battle.”
Leaning against the counter, Michael crossed his arms. “We have one hundred fifty-seven vampires, and one hundred ninety-five witches at our disposal. More are arriving every day. We are training, they are learning. This is not the time to doubt our cause.”
“Do you think they are not training? Monroe is a coward, not an idiot. He would not have started this if he didn't believe he could win.”  Tiberius said.
“Exactly.”  Gabrielle chimed in.
Big Jon's mouth slid into a toothy grin. “That is correct. But we have something they don't.”
Rene gave a derisive snort. “What is that?”
Leaning forward to rest his elbows on the table, Big Jon cocked his head to the side. “They don't have a thoroughly trained assassin--that could best any one of them--training their forces. I've worked with him myself, and you won't catch me picking a fight with him.”
Michael smiled giving him a slight nod. “I don't know that I'd want to battle with you either.”  He paused to look at their faces before continuing. “We may not have the numbers to win, but we have the will. And we have the witches. This is not an impossible undertaking. If it is well-planned and precisely executed, we can do this.”
The leaders muttered their agreements and talk returned to strategy.
Once the war effort was in full swing, Michael and Liz were only able to communicate with telepathy. He worked on battle plans and strategies and she trained the newest members. The incoming joined with the ready, each working diligently to prepare for war. There was no confusion as to what would happen to the losers of this battle, it was win or die. 
Then a great silence came. Like the quiet pause before a storm. No new information came in. They were wound tight and ready to pounce. All they needed was a trigger to set things in motion. Vampires, ghosts, and witches alike, waited rather impatiently for it. The witches read stars, tea leaves, and old bones in an attempt to foretell the future, but they could not see what would come. That trigger came in the most unusual of ways. 
Her name was Jenna. Small for her age, she was precious and fragile, having a beautiful sweet innocence only found in human children. Chocolate colored hair hung to her waist, framing soft brown eyes. The cute little dimples in her cheeks showed even when she wasn’t smiling, and her chubby little cherub face lit up like a star in the early evening when she did. It was just before sunrise when they heard her crying. Her wailing sobs could be heard from even the basement of the old house. On lookout for anything unusual, sentries were dispatched to inform Michael. They didn’t want to be caught in an ambush trying to rescue a crying child. He entered her thoughts.
Jenna sat in the backseat of a car listening to her parents talk, and staring at the stars through the window. The quiet hum from the engine made her sleepy. Wind blew through a small opening in the front passenger window, caught a strand of her mother’s long dark hair, and sent it trailing into the backseat. The girl leaned forward and giggled as it tickled her face. 
Her father looked into the rear view mirror. “What's going on back there?”  Noticing what Jenna was doing, he laughed. “Mommy, you are officially on tickle duty.”
“Yes, Mommy. Come sit back here with me.”  
Her mother's head turned slightly. Gusty wind caught more of her hair and showered Jenna's face. “Darling, do you have--”
Screeching tires and a feeling of weightlessness. Pain, darkness, more pain, her mother's scream. Then everything went black. Michael could not access anything further in her mind. 
He released her and told Liz, “Go fetch her. Quickly. I will meet you at the house.” Turning to Big Jon he ordered, “We need additional guards posted around the perimeter. Have the witches double check their spells and send four guards with each.”
A puzzled look came over his face, but he turned and began barking out orders.
They raced to accomplish the tasks while Michael sent out another order for everyone, except the sentries on duty, to return to the house. Even the witches’ were called.
Liz scooped up the child, and was back to the house in a flash. Michael and the rest arrived within seconds of her return. “What is going on? Is there trouble?” she asked.
Michael looked concerned as he watched the shivering child. “She's been glamoured. Even amnesia doesn't wipe the mind blank like that. Get her in the other room and be ready to fight. She could be a decoy.”
She took little Jenna to the main living room and stood guard with the toddler in her arms. The danger for the girl was not reduced much inside. She was in a house full of hungry vampires. Even with her family and several witches surrounding her, she was worried. Quiet voices filled the room as they discussed what was happening. 
The men, except for Michael, stayed away from the living room. A few women had wandered in to see the girl, but that number was steadily growing. Jenna clung to Liz, her tiny face buried in her shoulder. No longer crying, but still afraid it seemed. 
Liz bent to kiss the top of her head. A sweet, inviting scent lured her. For the first time in weeks, she felt the darkness stir inside her. As her mouth began to water, she clenched her teeth, and swallowed hard. An image of her fangs embedded in the youngster's neck, flashed though her mind. So real she could almost taste blood in her mouth. Revulsion enveloped her. Turning her face away, she glanced at the others in the room. All eyes centered on her, some seemed amazed, while others held fear. 
Liz pushed at the darkness, shoving it back into the lowest recesses of her being. Once again lowering her head, she breathed in the scent of her, allowing it to tantalize her senses. This time with little effort, her mind controlled the preternatural instincts. Certain that she was no longer a threat to the girl, she whispered, “It's okay, you’re okay now.”  
Still clinging to Liz, Jenna shuddered but would not speak.
As she held the shivering child, she went into the girl’s mind and began to speak. “It’s okay, baby. You're going to be fine now, we are going to take very good care of you. No one will hurt you. I won't let them. Shhh. It’ll be all right Jenna, don’t worry.”  
Liz’s eyes widened as the girl asked, “W-Who are you? Where is my mommy? My head hurts…I’m hungry!”
Shocked, Liz looked around. Everyone in the room heard it. The child’s mouth did not open one time, but her words were clear to everyone in the room and even most outside. At first, they stood in stunned silence. Then they all began talking at the same time. Utter chaos ensued. Vampires were coming from all over the property, to see the child that had vampire talents. Arguing erupted from the next room. Someone yelled out, “She's a spy!”
“She's not human, get her out of here!”  
“She is human, I can smell it.”  Another voice answered.
Liz felt a tug as someone grabbed at the toddler and went into hunt mode. Clutching Jenna to her chest, she snarled and crouched, ready to rip the throat out of anyone who might take the girl away from her.
  Minerva yelled, “Protective cover,” and the witches in the room surrounded Liz and the girl while shouting out incantations to ward off any that might approach.
A low guttural growl came from the group of vampire women surrounding her as they reacted in response to Liz’s hunting stance. Glass broke and went flying as someone was thrown out of a window, and then another vampire followed right after. Vampires hissed and snarled while witches continued chanting immobilization spells. Then quiet. The skirmish had been quickly subdued. 
Those that had wanted to take the child were outside and those inside were ready to kill anyone who advanced toward the girl. Liz was still crouched with her fangs bared and ready when Jenna laughed. Just a quiet little laugh. Her big brown eyes looked up into Liz’s and she smiled. “My Mommy can do that!” she said.
“Your Mommy can do what, baby?” Liz asked, trying to regain some composure.
“My Mommy shows her teeth when she gets mad too. She tells me the best bedtime stories. You smell like her. What’s your name?”
Several gasps were heard from the onlookers. Liz looked at those around her and saw the same shock her face must be registering, on each of the faces around her. 
The child was definitely human. There was no doubt about that, so how could her mother be one of them? Michael appeared beside Liz, and gently took the child from her. She made no fuss as he held her. She simply looked into his eyes and smiled. He returned her gaze and smile, went into her head, and probed her mind for answers to the impossible situation.
“My name is Michael. Do you think you could answer a few questions for me?”
Jenna nodded.
“You have a Mommy and a Daddy, right?”
“Yes.”
“Does your Daddy look and smell like us?”
“No, he smells like me!” She giggled.
“What’s your Mommy’s name, little one?”
“It’s Mommy silly!”
The conversation went around in circles like that for a while. The whole time they were talking, Michael searched the child’s memories for pictures of her parents and their life together. Visions of her mother flashed in his mind. Pale skin, cold to the touch, the sweet scent of spices, crimson lips pulled back in a smile showing elongated fangs. “Your Mommy is a vampire?”
“She's special. Not like me though, I'm a different kind of special.”
“Yes, you certainly are.”  Still probing, he found the memories of her father. Standing over a bathroom sink shaving, another of him laughing and tugging at her braid, the man was definitely human. Warm to the touch, tan skin, vivid eyes but no luminescence that was an earmark of a vampire.
That was unheard of, vampires and humans did not run in the same circles. Jenna’s telepathic ability was another aspect of the relationship that made no sense. How does a human child acquire vampire abilities? It shouldn’t be possible. As he searched her memories, he kept running into a wall. There were certain parts of the young girl’s mind he could not access. It was curious, but no more so than anything else that had to do with the child.
When Michael realized he had found out all he could, he released her mind and sat her in Liz’s lap. He sent a few of the others to find her some human food, and fortified the compound with as many battle-ready guards as he could find. Monroe would give anything to have a child like this at his disposal. The attack on the girl’s family couldn’t have been a coincidence. 
Jenna settled down in Liz’s arms and waited. She heard everything Michael said and knew food was coming. Liz reminded her of her mother, but the wrinkly lady was kind of scary. Most of the other people looked like her Mommy, so she wasn’t afraid of them. In the back of her mind though, she had this little prickly thing. An uncontrollable shiver ran through her.
Feeling the vibration, Liz asked, “What's wrong, are you cold?”
“No, it's my prickle.”
“Your what?”
“Sometimes I have a prickle about stuff.  About where we're going, or someone there. Sometimes it's about the car!”
Confused, but trying hard to keep up, Liz said, “I don't understand sweetie. What is a prickle?”
Jenna's small hand moved to twirl her hair. “It's a...a feeling I get. We call it a prickle. I feel like something’s wrong, and if we do it anyway, something happens.”  
“What sort of feeling are you having right now?”
Jenna nervously looked around the room before linking with Liz. “I think someone here don't like me.”
“Of course they like you. Don't be silly. You'll be just fine, I promise.”  Liz smiled and patted her head.
Uncertain, Jenna silently watched those in the room. She was good at reading people. Well the mommy kind of people she could read. The daddy kinds of people were harder but she could read some of them too. So she sat quietly in Liz’s lap and waited. 
The others slowly meandered back to their tasks. There were only a handful left in the room and they were all there for protection. Jenna slid off Liz’s lap and walked over to where Angie sat in the corner. Jenna giggled, peaked around Angie to look behind her, and said, “Hello.”  After the strange salutation, she moved forward and put her hand on Angie’s knee. 
Curious of her friend’s reaction, Liz watched. Neither of them spoke. Not an auditory word, anyhow. They looked into each other’s eyes for a short time. Angie smiled, nodded once, and sat the girl in her lap. William materialized in the corner behind Angie, winked at Liz, and walked through the wall. Jenna curled up and went to sleep. Angie’s restlessness faded away and she began to show signs of her old self again. By the time the others came back with food for the girl, Angie had returned to her normal chattering. There was a harder vicious side to her now though. She wouldn’t let anyone but Liz or Michael anywhere near Jenna, not even the witches.
Having Jenna around extremely complicated things, but Liz, and especially Angie, enjoyed it. Her ability made it hard to discuss the war effort. Those first few days were a major adjustment period for everyone. Jenna’s third day there, the dreams began. 
Fire!  Everywhere, fire roaring. The fortress was burning. Red and blue flames shot out of the windows above. Pictures and tapestries burned below. Vampires screamed as they died in the flames. Smoke, so black that you could not see a foot in front of you, filled rooms and tunnels. People ran through the smoke, fighting as they ran. Swords clanged, glass shattered, and there was blood everywhere. So much blood. It drenched everything. Running down walls to puddle on the floor. 
The walls shuddered before caving in. Stones fell from the ceilings. Tunnels collapsed. The smell of wet earth surrounded, suffocating and pressing you down into the burning hot stone of the tunnel floor. Then the cold. Icy, frigid, water pouring down fast and hard. Then the pressure of being under the soaked heavy dirt. Crushing, heaviness. Then floating. More screaming. Then the quiet of death. Real death, the end of everything. A total nothingness. Just the darkness and quiet. Then waking in terror. 
The first day of the dream Liz and Angie told no one, not even each other. That evening when all the others were up and around, most were quiet and subdued. It was quite by chance that anyone even mentioned the dream. 
Most in the camp were in foul moods. Now most vampires, even in the best of moods, are hard to get along with. They have that whole superiority issue going on. They think they’re always right and always know best. Put a group of these egomaniacs together, and you’ll have trouble. Putting a group of them together when they’re in foul moods, is a recipe for disaster. So of course, after a few little squabbles here and there between several of them, a heated argument ensued. 
“Micah, grab a few men and walk the perimeters.”  Big Jon ordered.
“Will do boss,” he replied.
Big Jon took one last look at his clipboard and searched the group gathered around the fire. “You there.”  He pointed at a blond male sitting across from him.
The vampire looked up gesturing toward his chest.
“Yes you. I don’t recall your name. Have you been given a duty for the evening?”
“A couple, but thanks for asking,” the man replied and turned his head to continue his conversation with the female sitting next to him.
“Hold up there, son. What exactly were you told to do? And why aren’t you out there doing it?”
The male stood and advanced to where Big Jon stood, glaring the whole time. “You got a problem with me? I already told you I’ve had more than one task to perform.”
“I don’t believe I like your tone, youngster.”  Big Jon’s clipboard dropped to the ground as he began rolling up his sleeves.
“Oh yeah? Well I don’t think I like you period. You seem to think you’re pretty big shit around here.”  He looked around at the others. The onlookers stared back. 
“You have about two seconds to reconsider your tone, boy.”  
That was it. The young one flew across the meager space between them and unloaded several blows against Jon’s head. Jon didn’t so much as flinch as the young man threw three solid punches against his jaw. After the third hit, he stopped and stared incredulously at Big Jon. 
Big Jon’s mouth slid into a crooked vicious smile. “My turn.”  He threw one punch that bowled him end over end into the group of onlookers. Fists began flying and an all out brawl ensued. By the time the fracas was over, there were black eyes, cuts, and scrapes for nearly thirty of them. The newcomer apologized and told Big Jon he hadn’t slept well. A murmur of agreement went through those gathered there. They hadn’t slept well either. 
It was the blond male who first brought up the dream. The others chimed in and started telling their versions of it. It was the same for everyone. Generally vampires don’t dream. The ability is lost when the change occurs. So for each one of them to have a dream at all was significant. For them to be the same was incomprehensible. It wasn’t just the vampires though, the witches had dreamed too. 
Filled with foreboding, Minerva immediately set about reading tea leaves and doing prophetic incantations as she searched for the source. She pulled out her rune stones, and used some of the oldest and most dangerous magic. There was nothing. No clues. No ideas. Just nothing. She had one last thing she could try, but it would take forty-eight hours to prepare, and it was dangerous. She would have to conjure a portal. 
“You want us to stand by and wait while you accomplish this task, Minerva. It's just a dream. We can't just drop everything.”  Michael said.
“I'm not proposing that you do. We have no idea why this is happening. Don't you think it would be prudent to find the source? Have you ever heard of such a thing happening before?”  
“No, but it could be a fluke. Some residual offset to having an extremely talented psychic in our midst. I agree that it's strange and unusual, but I also believe that our time would be better spent preparing to fight.”  He answered.
Covering her face with her hands, she shook her head. “Listen to me. I understand the importance of the other things we are doing, but mark my words…this is happening for a reason. Someone is trying to tell us something. We need to know who that someone is and why they are interacting with us in this way.”  Then squaring her shoulders, she placed her hands on her hips. “I would think you, of all people, would like to know who has that sort of access to your thoughts and mind.”
Taking a few moments to ponder her words, he finally answered. “You're right. A few days won't make any difference right now. What must be done?”
Although she had won, Minerva did not smile as she explained what was necessary to invoke the spell. “Portal magic is serious business and sometimes even deadly. Everything has to be just right. Even the alignment of the stars needs to be perfect. The proper alignment happens for a brief minute each night. If it is opened too soon, we could die. If open too long, same consequence. If not opened properly, it could explode and everything in the near vicinity would die.”
“You're not giving me much reason to be confident about your proposal.”
“I told you it was dangerous. Asking a portal is the only solution I can think of. Believe me, if I could think of something that wouldn't potentially blow my head off, I'd try it.”
Minerva silently wiped her damp hands on her long skirt as Michael thought. He watched her nervous reaction and knew he was under reacting to the situation. At this stage of the game, it was important to know who they were dealing with, and how they were entering so many minds at once. “Fine. Do what you must.”
She nodded and left to begin the arduous process of working the spell.
Preparations for the portal opening took longer than originally anticipated. Four days later, they were ready to begin. Each of those days, the vampires had the same dream. Each of those days, the entire lot woke up anxious and afraid. When it was almost time to work the magic, Minerva called in Michael and the others. 
“You must remain still and quiet. There can be no talking or movement during the opening. Not one leaf is to be disturbed. This portal should go directly to the source of the dream. We will be able to see and hear what is going on there, likewise whoever or whatever is there, will be able to see and hear us as well. If we are lucky and do not draw attention to ourselves, we can close it without being noticed.”
“Minerva, are you sure this is going to work?”  Michael asked.
“No. I haven’t opened a portal before. It is forbidden magic used only by dark witches.”  She wiped sweat from her brow and rubbed her hands on the old white apron she was wearing. “We have no other option, Michael. If we are to find the source and meaning of the dream, it must be done. To enter into war and not have such knowledge would be signing our own death warrants. Now hush, there isn’t much time left.”
Soft chanting filled the air, gradually growing louder. Flames from the roaring fire shot higher and higher as it intensified. Bursts of blues and greens colored the flames as Minerva threw in the various magical ingredients. Around them, the air grew still as if the forest held its breath in anticipation of what would happen next. 
Hair on arms and necks began to rise as if charged by an electric current. Slivers of blue lightning zipped back and forth around the blazing fire, turning it blue, until the fire itself seemed to have turned to water. In the center, a small blue ball flickered and grew, giving the impression of a large oval mirror. As the witches reached the high point of their chant, a loud bang reverberated through the clearing. Then total silence. 
Minerva asked the portal to show her the source of the dream. A shadow appeared in the flames. First, dark and hazy like a shadow on the wall, then it became clearer and took on color like a television screen being tuned in. It was a woman. Blood spatters dotted her angry face. She was gorgeous. Flowing dark hair, pale, almost crystalline skin, she looked like a goddess of old. Her eyes glowed with the red embers of a long burning fire. She gazed directly upon them as if she knew each of them were there. 
“Where is my daughter?”  A furious voice came out of the blue limpid flames. “Do you have my child or are you just wasting my time?”
Minerva answered the woman, “We dare not waste your time. We are searching for answers. We have all had a dream and are searching the source.”
“Have you harmed the girl?”
Minerva glanced at Michael and looked back at the woman. “I’m sure I don’t know what you are talking about.”
The woman took one look around the circle and promptly stepped through the portal. There was another loud bang and the portal closed. Even Minerva was unnerved; no one had known that a portal could be used to travel. In fact, as far as Minerva knew it had never been used that way before!  But there the woman stood, beautiful, majestic and full of wrath. Even the vampires were fearful. 
Liz and Angie had remained at the house with Jenna, keeping tabs on what was happening with Michael telepathically. When the woman stepped through and the portal closed, Jenna became agitated. She clapped her hands, jumped up and down, and squealed, “Mommy!  It’s my Mommy!”  
Liz was astounded. “That woman in the woods is your mother?” 
“That’s my Mommy. I knew she would find me.”  Jenna smiled.
Liz picked her up and headed for the clearing.
The woman silently stared into each of the vampires’ eyes, probing their minds. No one said a word. Even Michael could find nothing to say. There was a great sense of anticipation that grew with each passing second. When Liz appeared with little Jenna in her arms, the woman finally uttered one solitary sound. A groan. Just a faint groan, but in that sound was the release of all the terror and fear of a mother that had thought her child gone forever. 
Jenna was out of Liz’s arms and into her mother’s before anyone could blink. Entwined, they laughed and cried. Tears of blood flowed down the woman’s cheeks. They spoke so rapidly to each other that their conversation made no sense to those watching. Everyone in attendance felt the emotions flowing from these two that so loved each other. The woman looked at Liz and then at Michael mouthing the words, “thank you.”  
At that point, conversation started buzzing. Everyone asked questions and made observations. Everyone, except Minerva. She stood silent. Knowing that what was to come would be life changing for everyone there. Possibly, everyone in the world. What had just happened was not only improbable, it was supposed to be impossible. That step through the portal should have killed the vampire mother. She must have her own very strong magic to have lived through that, and vampires were not supposed to have magic at all. So Minerva simply stood silent and waited. 
Seeing their leader quiet and motionless, the other witches hushed and waited with her. Eventually, conversation ebbed, and all stood silently waiting for the woman to speak. Several minutes passed before the vampire mother spoke, and just as Minerva thought, her words changed everything.


Chapter Ten
A Finger In A Hole Does Not
Stop A Dam From Breaking

“I am Cassiopeia. You may call me Cassy or Cass if you prefer. My daughter seems very well taken care of, and I thank you. I must admit, I never considered the possibility of her being protected by vampires. I am equally surprised to find not only vampires, but witches here as well.”  She looked at Minerva, smiled, and said, “I know you, although you don’t remember me. You do your great-grandmother proud, child. The last time I saw you, you were an infant. It’s been many long years since I had a friend like her.”  
Then to everyone’s amazement, she walked up to Liz and kissed her on the cheek. “It seems that Jenna has grown fond of you, Liz. You are all throughout her mind and thoughts. You and this one,” nodding to Angie, “have won her heart. She is not quick to love and is an astonishing judge of character. You must be extraordinary people.”  Jenna balanced on her hip, she turned to face Michael. Her face became cold and somber.  “I know you as well, Michael. You, who have been the bane of our race and the hand of the Council, will now be our savior.”  
Cass placed Jenna on the ground and patted the top of her head. “The time has come, my friends. A battle must be fought; we cannot afford to wait any longer. There is a house nearby, yes?”  The crowd murmured in agreement. “Then let us retire somewhere with more comfort. We have many things to discuss.” 
The group returned to the house and made themselves comfortable around a new bonfire. Chairs and makeshift stools were brought out to accommodate those gathered. Everyone found a seat and waited for the new arrival to speak. 
Cass took a moment to pull her thoughts together and began. “I am the oldest living among us. I began my second life thousands of years ago. Even the Eldest is junior to me. Several thousand years ago, I decided that I would be more. More than monster. More than human. Once that decision was made, I had no choice but to go into hiding.”
The vampires murmured in approval of her decision.  
“When the Council united, I should have taken command. I had no use for vampire ways. New or old. I have spent countless centuries meddling in the affairs of men, and have helped in places where no mortal hope would abide. Command is that last thing I wanted. Not then and not now. Once again, I have no choice. I suppose this has always been my destiny. And like it or not, I must come forward now and try to put right what my absence has created.”  Exhaling, she searched the faces in the crowd. Enthralled with her story, they watched silently.
“Are you hungry? We don't have much, but you are welcome to some,” Liz said.
“Yes, thank you. I've spent these last few days searching for Jenna and haven't fed.”
Liz raced to fetch her a glass of warm blood. A voice from the back called out, “What of Jenna? How did she come to have vampire talents?”
“Vampire talents?”  She laughed, thought for a moment, and continued, “Well I suppose it's natural for you to think that. Her ability has nothing to do with vampire talents. All mortals have psychic ability, most just don't realize it.”
“Here you are, I hope it's warm enough.”  Liz handed her a large glass.
“Thank you.”  She paused and drained the glass quickly. As they watched, her hair began to shine, brown eyes glowed brighter, and exhaustion faded from her face. “As I was saying, they all have the ability, they just don't know it. I'll start at the beginning. I met Dan, Jenna’s father, when she was just seven weeks old. I had been working as a nurse in a pediatrics' ward. Jenna's mother died during child birth, and he was alone with the sick baby. Pneumonia had set in her lungs. Over the few days she was there, he and I became close. They needed me, although I needed them much more. It didn't take long for us to fall in love.”
Gasps escaped those listening.
Cass smiled and nodded. “Yes, I said love. Don't you see? We are not monsters. We can be whoever or however we choose. The darkness inside you does not have to own you. Those of you here already know that or you wouldn't be here.”
Many heads wagged in agreement.
“I refuse to release my humanity. I will not allow it.”  Turning, she gazed into Liz's eyes. “I am not the only one to see or feel this need.”  
Liz smiled shyly before looking at her feet.
“That doesn't explain Jenna's...oddity.”  Minerva said.
“Right. It is simple. From that first day in the hospital, I went into her mind. At first she communicated with visual impressions and emotion, then after awhile, with words. She could speak internally with full sentences before she learned to pronounce words. We've never had her tested, but she is a brilliant child. Her mind is capable of comprehending so much more than most grown mortals. She inspires me. Mortals like Jenna are why we must fight and regain control. I believe they are evolving. After thousands of years of watching and interacting with them, they are finding their true potential. We cannot allow this advancement to be interrupted.”
As Cass told them her history, they listened with rapt attention.  She had visited nearly every civilization on the planet. Each held a place for her in their histories. Two peculiar pieces of information shook the crowd to the core. She could walk among men during the day. Vampires die in sunlight. They burst into flames if they are in it too long. But this woman could walk around in the sun all day long. 
“It’s a simple--but time consuming--process. Each day, I went out for a few seconds in the sunlight, just long enough that my skin would tingle. The next day, I’d push the limits, until eventually I could stand in the sun for hours. Any one of you could do it.”  
They did not have to be prisoners of the night anymore. Most there didn’t believe her at first. None of them had ever heard rumor of a vampire that could be out in the daylight. It was not supposed to be possible. 
When she told them she could use magic, the witches went crazy. Many angrily voiced their disbelief, while others shook their heads and laughed hysterically. There was no such thing as a vampire who could perform witchcraft. 
A sardonic smile came over her face as she watched their reaction to her claim. “It isn't rocket science people. Watch.”  She turned to Jenna and winked. The young girl clapped her hands and smiled. Raising her hands toward the fire, she muttered four words. A small ball of light appeared in the flames. 
One of the witches cried out in fear. “No!  Stop!” 
“You'll blow us all to hell!”  Minerva yelled.
Some jumped up and ran from the circle, trying to escape the explosion they knew had to be coming. The vampires were in awe, not one of them moved or spoke. The portal opened with little fuss at all. There was no sound. No bangs, no buzzing, it just appeared. She turned and grinned at those watching and stepped inside. 
In less than a minute, she was back with a bag full of groceries in her hands, and the portal shut. The entire gathering was astounded. Jenna exclaimed happily, “Food!  Did you get ice cream?”  
“Not this time, baby, but there are other treats in there.”  
Jenna immediately rummaged through the bag and handed her mother a package of chocolate chip cookies. Cass opened it and handed her one. 
Jenna's bottom lip stuck out as she looked at the solitary cookie in her hand. 
Cass sighed before handing her another one, and turned to face the amazed crowd. “As I said, I can use magic. It is not the same magic witches use, but it is magic nonetheless.”  
Everyone wanted answers then. The witches were still afraid, yet so inquisitive, they couldn’t make themselves stay too far away. Vampires and witches talked over one another, trying to be heard. Cass put up her hand for silence, and they became still. 
“Portal magic is not difficult; I can teach you to use it. I will teach all of the covens at your disposal to use it. These portals are how we are going to win this war, friends. These portals are how I am going to take my rightful place as head of the new Council. First things first, we have allies to find. There are two that are missing that need to be brought back. It is time for Athena and Gregorio to come home.”
Jaws dropped, and several gasps were uttered, but no one questioned Cass as to how she knew the missing leaders. Everyone there, including Michael, was too intimidated by the powerful Cass to voice questions and concerns. In time, she would explain. And they were willing to wait.
The group disbanded and each went off to their own resting places. Daylight arrived, and Cass was the only one that could take the sun. Michael, Big Jon, Liz, and a few of the witches retired to the darkness of the house to continue the discussion. 
In the quiet of the darkened living room, the small group had a private meeting. Cass answered each of their questions before giving them the details of her plan. “We have to find Gregorio and Athena. They are the next oldest in line. We need their skills, and especially Gregorio’s battle expertise, if we are to win this fight.”
Unconvinced that Cass was trustworthy, Minerva said, “That's all well and dandy, but how do we even know you are who you say you are? You don't have one solitary person to vouch for your intentions.”
“I understand your reservations, but the two people who could vouch for me are missing. If I had some diabolical scheme, would I want to find them?”  
“It's a very convenient situation. We don't know where they are or how to find them. I could say big foot would vouch for me, but it's not likely we'll find him either.”
Cass leveled her eyes at Minerva. “If it would convince you, I could find him for you. But we really don't have time for that.”
“Ha!” Minerva scoffed.
Liz gently touched her arm. “Gran, I know you have no reason to trust any of us, even me. But I believe she is who she says she is and without her, we can’t win.”
Searching Liz's eyes, Minerva answered, “Fine. We'll try to find them.”  Taking one last look at Cass, she left the room.

***

It was a simple plan. They would use portals to gain access to the fortress. According to the intelligence gathered, most of the rogue army was encamped outside the fortress. Once they entered, they would defeat those inside and regain control of the stronghold. All those that wanted to join them would be read by the ghosts, and only those that passed the ghostly inquisition would be allowed to enter or remain at the fortress. William would return to the fortress and bring back detailed information of who was still inside and where they were located. Once they had taken back the fortress, the true battle would come to them there. They could use portals to surprise the renegades from behind. The traitors would never see them coming.
There were enough witches to stop the renegades in their tracks long enough to kill them, so the only danger to those fighting would be the Unnamed. No spell could hold the invincible killing machines. As with other immortals, removing their heads would suffice. However, accomplishing such a deed without being killed yourself, was extremely difficult.  
Tired, Cass sat in the large overstuffed chair by the living room fireplace. “We also need to prepare for an attack here. We have no idea what information they have on us.” 
Michael shook his head. “Impossible.”
“Entirely impossible.”  Big Jon agreed. “The woods surrounding us is as much a hindrance as a help. No one can easily see what's going on here, but it also prevents us from seeing anyone coming.”
“Then we must act quickly before they find us.”  Cass replied.
Liz shifted in her seat. “I hate to interrupt, but what are we going to do about Jenna?”
“I've been worried about that myself. I can't leave her here, even with guardians. We need every available fighter to pull this off. It is not practical to take her with us either. A battle at the fortress is no place for a human, child or adult.”
“Why can't she wait at one of Michael's safe houses?”  Big Jon said.
Michael answered, “We've been to most of them. Anyone tracking our scents might already be watching those locations. But she could go stay with Liz's family. She has not been back there since turning. I find it unlikely that they would think to even look there.”
“No way.”  Liz answered roughly. Then turning to Cass said, “I'm sorry, but my family is already in this much farther than I’d like. Those left at home have no powers to defend themselves or Jenna.”
Cass nodded. “I agree. No more innocent lives should be lost. The other side is doing enough damage without us helping them.”
Sitting quietly, Angie didn't utter a word or interject in any way. When the topic of Jenna and what should be done with her came up, she leaned forward with anticipation, waiting for a chance to speak. When she was sure conversation lulled, she said gently, “I have an idea.”
Michael groaned and closed his eyes. Liz’s eyes shot daggers at him that told him to be nice. Cass looked at the girl, smiled condescendingly, and told her to continue.
“Okay… I know the fortress better than anyone here, including you, Michael.”  She had so much sarcasm in her voice that Liz expected her to stick out her tongue at him. “There is a place in the fortress I'm pretty sure no one knows about, except me. It’s a hidden room behind one of the suits of armor in a corridor on the fourth level. You can’t see it when you walk by, because it's in the center of a dark spot between the torches. You have to go behind the armor to push the button that opens the secret door. I found it by accident one day when I was hiding from mother. I was supposed to polish all the silver that day, and I just didn’t feel like it, so I was in that tunnel and saw her coming. I slipped behind the armor to hide. My elbow hit the button, the door opened, and I fell in the room. 
“There was nothing in there of importance, it might have been living quarters, but no one had been there in several hundred years from the look of it. Even William didn’t know the room existed, and he can go anywhere in the fortress. If you opened a portal directly in front of the armor, I could stay in there with Jenna to protect her while the rest of you fight.”  Angie looked at her feet, waiting to be laughed at yet again. It took a few seconds for anyone to speak, and when she looked up, everyone in the room was smiling.
“That’s perfect, Angie,” Liz said kindly.
“Absolutely perfect,” Michael chimed in.
Cass stood, walked over to the girl, and brushed the hair out of her face. Lifting her chin to look into her eyes, she said, “I think that some of you might have left the most intelligent of us out of strategy meetings for too long.” 
A grin appeared on Angie’s face. Finally, someone had taken notice that she wasn’t a complete idiot.
“I don’t think it should just be you with Jenna. Liz and a few of the witches should be there as well.”  Cass looked around the room apologetically and told the others that she just couldn’t leave her daughter with only one vampire to protect her, even if she was an extremely capable fighter. 
Everything was in place. That evening, Michael and Cass would travel by portal to the other clans and nests, brief them on the plan, and answer any questions. As the vampires departed for some much-needed rest, Cass and Minerva sought out her crew. She needed to teach them how to use portal magic and in turn send them by portal to teach the other witches. The plan would only succeed if every coven and nest could be sent to the fortress at the same time.
Using her apron, Minerva wiped dripping sweat from her forehead. “We just can't find them, Cass. Either they don't exist anymore, or they have so closely guarded their minds against intrusion, our spells won't work.”
A grim expression covered her face as she answered, “I understand. I know you did your best.”
“Why don't you use your mind to locate them? Surely you have the power to do that.”
Raising her head to view the cloudy sky, she answered softly, “I can do that, but these links are tricky beasts. If I open my mind to follow them, anyone searching could find me. We can't afford for Monroe to know I exist. We'll have to try without them.”
“What time would you like my coven to gather for training?”
“As soon as possible. Believe me, it will be a long day.”
Teaching the witches how to use portal magic was wearisome. Vampires were not the only beings in the world with superiority complexes. This was an extremely difficult task for Cass and the coven. Everything that the women thought that they knew about magic had to be relearned in a short period of time. Cass' magic was older than any known magic. 
“Let’s try again. Remember that this power comes from within you. The incantation is just an extension of your own natural power.” Cass explained.
“I understand what you are saying, Cass, but this is like trying to learn a whole new language. I’m Eldest, next to Minerva, and I can’t seem to grasp it. How are the other girls ever going to master this?”  A petite elderly woman asked. Her short grey hair framed a kind face teeming with frustration.
Minerva nodded in agreement with her sister. “Exactly, Callista.”  
“You will get this. It is not as difficult as it seems. It is just a matter of control. Feel it inside you. Close your eyes and concentrate. Feel it build, like water filling a well. As it builds, envision it in your mind. See the blue light. Watch as it opens in your mind. Let it flow through you and surround you. Feel it flow through your body.”
As she spoke, several small portals began to form. First just small balls of blue light, then some of them grew larger. “That’s it. You’re getting it. Keep it going. You there, what’s your name?”  Cass pointed to a middle-aged woman with short black hair.
“Juanita,” she answered.
“Good. Juanita, make it larger. In your mind, envision the orb large enough for your body to pass through.”
The woman closed her eyes and the shining sphere before her pulsated as is slowly enlarged. 
“That’s it. Just like that. Keep going.”
The witches studied hard, and by the end of the day, several of them had mastered the magic, and were creating portals with a small amount of difficulty. 
At dusk, when the vampires started to wake, Cass sent the witches to rest. Taking no time for herself, Cass and Michael traveled from one camp to another telling each leader the battle plan. William went with them, imprinted on each camp, and returned later to search for spies. The next day Cass would return with the witches, who would teach the other covens to use portal magic. 
Many things had to be accomplished before the battle could begin. The witches had to master the magic, and the horde of hungry vampires had to be fed. Vampires are weak when they have not fed appropriately, and they couldn’t afford weakness. William returned from reading the camps, only finding five spies among them. Those traitors were put to death immediately. 
As it had been for months, so it remained, those that desperately wanted time with their loved ones remained unsatisfied. Michael and Liz didn’t lay eyes on each other those three days. Cass had no time at all for little Jenna. Angie had not given up hope of finding her mother, but had resigned herself to the fact that it would have to wait. Everyone worked diligently to get everything accomplished so the attack could be set in motion. 
Excitement was rampant in the air. All who labored were charged with the anticipation of battle. A new camaraderie that had never existed before enveloped the vampire nation. Even the witches laughed and joked with those that had once been mortal enemies. On that third night, everything was in place. The spies eradicated, the hungry masses fed, the magic mastered, and the leaders in place. It was time.


Chapter Eleven
And Then There Was Blood

Tightly strung as a violin string waiting to snap, the supernatural soldiers were prepared and full of hope.
“Be certain everyone is synchronized, each must open at the same time.”  Michael said as the Big Jon and Micah were about to leave. 
“Will do.”  Jon answered as he turned to Callista. “You ready?”
“Whenever you are.”  She answered.
Michael stepped towards him saying, “Jon, be certain the others understand how vital the timing is. Each company must gain access and take possession of it immediately.”
“I will convey your concerns to the others.”
“If just one level fails...”
He ran his hand over his mouth as if holding back words before answering, “Calm down. Your nerves are showing.” 
“I know. Carry on then.”  
Closing her eyes, Callista raised her hands and a ball of blue light appeared growing in size until even the largest of men could pass though. He watched three enter before withdrawing to seek out Cass.
Although Big Jon had his own worries, he handled the stress well. His clan was tasked with taking the primary entry tunnel and holding it. Theirs would be the most difficult task of all, as the majority of the renegade army was encamped outside that entrance, as well as the Unnamed. An entire coven of witches would enter with them and immediately place non-entry spells. This should keep the scores of vampires on the other side of the entrance and fortify the walls above them. 
Minerva would stay behind with Liz, Angie, and Jenna. She’d open a portal to the safe room once the others had cleared that tunnel. Cass and Michael would take down Monroe. If the intel received was accurate, he’d taken up residence in the chambers of the Eldest. Once he was overthrown, Michael planned to work his way up through the tunnels helping any that needed him until he reached Big Jon’s group. 
Precisely at the stroke of midnight, portals opened. One by one, they stepped through prepared to fight to the death. Heavily armed and ready, the strongest went first. They entered in total silence, quickly taking out any that were near them. 
It was all rather disappointing for those that infiltrated after. There weren’t many renegades to overcome. The majority of the levels were taken before the last of the companies even stepped through the portals. Something was wrong. Scores of vampires should have been roaming those levels. Less than fifty lay dead, and not one Unnamed among them. Monroe was nowhere to be found, and none that were found were old enough or strong enough to have been on his newly-founded Council. The fortress was taken, the battle over, before Liz and the others arrived with Jenna.
When the first blast was heard, Michael and Cass had just entered the chambers of the Eldest and discovered it empty. The fortress rocked with the force of the explosion. Then just seconds after the first blast, another, then another. The tunnels filled with thick smoke, impeding their vision. Tunnel walls shook over and over again, like a great earthquake had set its mind on destroying every last stone. Michael’s mind was set in hunt mode. As soon as the first blast resonated through the fortress, he latched on to Cass’ arm and dragged her from the room. “We have to get out of here. It's a trap.”
She followed him blindly as they ran through the smoke-filled tunnels, screaming, “Retreat!  Get out!  Ambush!”  
The dungeon below them must have caved in, because chunks of floor in the lower level began collapsing all around them. Heavy beams that held the stone ceiling and earth above began to crack and split with the pressure of the newly undistributed weight of the walls. Fire licked and hissed through holes in the tunnel floor, devouring the tapestries and pictures that adorned the walls.  They made it three levels higher, all the while screaming at those within to make portals and retreat. Many had been crushed by falling rock and earth. Blood flowed from mutilated bodies into sticky pools on the floor, making it hard for them to run. It was a total massacre. 
Michael screamed telepathically for Liz to get out. Neither of them could link to Big Jon or his clan. Michael and Cass tried to clear every level making sure that no one was left behind. Fire roared around them. Screams in the distance echoed through the haze, but only the dead could be seen as they hurdled over them, still running like the wind. 

***

Last to arrive, Liz and her entourage entered the tunnel and were through the door in seconds. It had just closed when the explosions began. Minerva hurriedly lit the torches after the first blast echoed through the fortress. The room shook as if some giant had lifted it right out of the fortress to carry it away. Jenna screamed, “Away!  Away! We have to leave now!”  
Liz tried to calm the frightened child, but two more blasts shook the room and Jenna's hysteria worsened. None of them knew what to do. There was no one at the camp to protect the girl, and the explosions might be from the battle that had to be in full force by now. 
Angie let out a yelp. “My mother is here, she says we must go…now!  The fortress is wired to explode, they plan on burying us all inside!”
Immediately, Liz reached out to Michael’s mind and saw that he was on his way up through the tunnels with Cass. She saw the fire and the smoke, and the walls and floor tumbling in around them. 
“Gran, take Jenna and go back,” she said as she passed the child to Minerva.
“I am not going back. I will not leave my family or coven to die.” 
“Gran, please!  I can’t leave Michael down here alone and we can’t risk Jenna.”
Angie rubbed her temples as she listened intently to the conversation in her head. Her eyes grew wide and she screamed, “No!  I’m coming.”
Before Liz could stop her, she was out the door and running down the hallway. Liz gave Minerva one last pleading look before following her.
As the fourth blast rocked the fortress, the ceiling of the secret room began to collapse.

***

Even with supernatural sight, Liz could barely see through the tunnel. Faint light glowed from torches burning dimly through the thick smoke. Somewhere in the distance ahead, she heard Angie screaming for her mother. She stumbled on, following the sound of the girl’s voice and calling out after her. In the back of her mind, she could hear Michael yelling at her to get out, and although she tried to reply, he did not seem to hear her. His mind was so frenzied with fear for her and the others that she couldn’t get through. 
Another explosion rocked the fortress. This time, it knocked her off of her feet slamming her against the wall. She felt the heat rising up through the tunnel floor below. The sound of roaring fire and cracking wood was all she heard. No Angie, no Michael, no one at all. It seemed that the entire fortress was empty, only the dead were left, and they weren’t talking. For a moment, she remained still and tried to link to any that had survived. 
Abruptly, William appeared franticly before her. “Come quick. Angie is trapped beneath fallen rock in the next tunnel. I can’t get it off her, I don’t have the strength.”
Liz moved like lightening to where her young friend lay. Pulling the large stone off her, Liz cradled Angie in her arms. Too late, she realized that without Minerva there to create a portal, they would likely die in this place. The fortress rumbled as each level began to collapse. Liz tried to calm her mind and take control of her emotions. She’d died before. This time might be less painful. She listened to the rumbling stone and hissing fire and waited for what was to come.
In the distance, she heard a distinctly different sound. Water rushing, rolling and smashing through the tunnels, down into the caverns, filling the fortress. It was the dream. The dream they had overlooked after Cass’s arrival. Death summoned; they were all going to die.

***

Michael and Cass had finally made it up to the fourth level where Liz and the others should have been, had they still been in the fortress. Everyone must have received the message to get out, as they hadn’t run into anyone living in the last two levels. The smoke was thicker here, whirling in waves of blacks and grays. But the floors were still intact, even though there were several places that the roof above had caved in. They found the secret room full of displaced earth and the door hanging by one hinge. Cass sent out one last call to any that had survived to retreat, and jumped them both back to the camp. 
As they stepped into the camp, it was as if they had entered an old war movie. Injured fighters lay everywhere, some barely alive. Minerva ran to them nearly hysterical. Angie, Liz, her mother, and sister, had not returned to the compound. No one had seen them. Other camps started to report in through portals, and the news was not good. Too many had died in the fortress. Although many made it back alive, some of those still might not survive. 
Michael and Cass argued. Michael demanded she create a new portal and send him back to find Liz and the others. 
“It’s too dangerous, Michael. We can’t afford to lose you, especially now.”
“Too dangerous? Would it be too dangerous if Jenna was missing? Would you keep me here then?”  Michael watched Minerva who had collapsed to her knees. He walked over and kindly helped her up. Tears streamed down her face as she searched his eyes. “Help me,” he begged.
“I cannot.” Minerva looked down in shame. “Cass is right. Without you, this has all been for nothing.”
 “You’re not going and that’s final. I’m Eldest and leader, my decision--”
Michael cut her off. “You’re the leader? Your decision? Now you suddenly decide, after thousands of years, to run the show? We were fine without you!  We managed to take care of ourselves without your precious leadership skills.”
Just as it appeared that Michael and Cass were about to make their argument physical, another portal opened and water came gushing through. Liz’s mother, Marie, and her sister Abbie, stepped out, soaking wet and covered in grime. Next, Gregorio exited; two limp bodies slung over each shoulder. Athena was the last to step through. Disheveled and face lined with fear, she immediately took possession of the smaller of the two bodies.
Minerva’s hand covered her mouth as she fought to stifle her tears.  “Oh, thank the Gods,” she said as she hurried to Marie and Abbie.  
Michael gently took Liz in his arms. “Father, I—“
Gregorio smiled as he placed his hand on his son’s shoulder. “It was a valiant effort. Would that I could have contacted you. We were almost too late.”  
Both girls were unconscious, but for the most part unharmed. After Athena placed her precious package into the care of another, she, Gregorio, and Cass stood in awkward silence as they watched the others scurry around. Many long centuries had passed since they’d met face to face. 
“Hello my love,” Cass finally said as she moved to embrace Athena.
“I knew you would come for us,” Athena whispered.
“Once you were missing, nothing could have kept me from it.”
With the exception of a smiling Gregorio, no one there had any idea of what was going on. Cass never had explained to any of them how she knew Athena and Gregorio. She released Athena and quickly moved into Gregorio’s arms. “Well done,” she murmured.
Gregorio returned her greeting with more emotion than Michael had ever observed in his father before. “It has been far too long, Mother.”
Everyone within hearing range stopped and stared. Gregorio looked around and in true Gregorian form, said, “We have work to do people, there will be time for explanations later. Get busy, the injured require tending.”


Chapter Twelve
The Unwilling Mother

While the others treated the injured, Michael stayed at Liz’s side, holding her hand in his while running fingers through her hair with the other. 
Minerva placed a hand on his shoulder. “She is going to be fine. She only has a bump on her head.”
Michael nodded but didn’t look up. His eyes stayed focus on Liz. “I should have never left her undefended. I should have known there would be some sort of trap.”
“Stop beating yourself up. You couldn’t have known. None of --” 
“Thirsty,” Liz groaned, her voice harsh. Her tongue darted out and licked her lips.
Michael sighed. A smile played at the corner of his mouth. “Hush, my love. It’s going to be okay. We'll get you something to drink.”  He leaned over and brushed his lips against hers. They felt dry and rough. Her skin still had the bluish hue of an injured vampire. He looked at Minerva. “Please get her blood. The freshest, warmest you can find.”
A nauseated look came over Minerva’s face. She set her mouth in a thin line as she turned and hurried from the room.
Liz’s lids flew open, and she tried to sit up, but Michael stopped her. “Angie!  Where is Angie?”
“She is fine. Stop moving around. You’re weak. You need to rest.”
“How did I get back here?” 
“Athena and Gregorio found you.”
“Athena? Gregorio? How?”  She groaned again and pressed her hand against her temple. 
“I’ll explain everything later. Right now, you are going to follow the doctor’s orders, and the doctor says you need to stay still and rest.”
She smiled and closed her eyes. “Yes sir.”
Minerva returned with a glass of warm blood. She helped Liz sit up and handed her the glass. Liz, even in her exhausted state, guzzled the warm elixir. A thin, red stream escaped from the corner of her mouth.
As Liz drank, Minerva tugged on Michael’s sleeve. “I need to speak with you.”
He brushed his fingers against Liz’s cheek. “I'll be right back. Will you be a good girl and stay put?”
Liz didn’t reply. She nodded as her eyes closed.
Michael followed the elder witch to the door. “What is it?”
“We are running short on blood. The others need it if they are going to heal.”
“Send the healthy to hunt.”
“We did, but there is still not enough. I was thinking we could open a portal to a blood bank and take what is needed.”
“Too risky. We can’t afford to draw attention to ourselves.”
Minerva sighed and brought her hand up to her mouth, tapping her lips as she thought. “What about cattle? We could bring back live animals. You can’t get much fresher than that.”
“Agreed. Don’t take more than a few from each farm.”  Michael laughed as he thought over what he said. 
Minerva’s eyebrows went up as she asked, “What’s so funny?”
“Nothing really. I was thinking that an alien invasion would probably be a good idea right now.”  He smirked.
Even with the dire circumstances, that thought made her chuckle as well. She walked away shaking her head and laughing.
Michael turned back to Liz. Her eyes were open again and she was trying to stand up. Her knees buckled, and he caught her. “I thought I told you doctor’s orders.”  He sat down, and pulled her on his lap.
She giggled. “I thought I felt better until I stood up.”  
He folded his arms around her. “You put me through quite a scare. You’re lucky Athena and Gregorio found you.”  
“How did they find me? The last thing I remember was trying to save Angie.”
“They were there the entire time. They had been hiding, trying to find a way out of the fortress and doing their own spying. When they heard the plan to collapse the fortress with us inside, they tried to get one of the fortress ghosts to contact William and let us know what was going on. He refused. When the explosives began detonating they came looking for us and found you girls with your mother and sister in the tunnel.”
“Wow. I remember thinking I was going to die. I’d resigned myself to death.”
Michael smiled down at her. His hand brushed the hair back from her forehead. “Never my love. You are stuck with me for eternity. I’ll see to that if it’s the last thing I do.”

***

Cass looked up, frustrated with another intrusion. “We are busy. What do you want?”
“Sorry to bother. We’ve set up a fence for the cattle. The barn is full of injured and there are still others arriving. We are nearly out of room.”  Big Jon answered.
Cass turned her gaze back to Gregorio and sighed. “And in this the problem lies.”
Gregorio cleared his throat. “We have to find a larger dwelling. Some place defendable. We can’t begin to defend ourselves here. With the woods surrounding us, we can’t even see them coming.”
“We can still sense them,” she answered.
Gregorio shook his head and with a nod, dismissed Big Jon. “Can we? It isn’t prudent for the other side to know just who survived and how many. Especially the three of us.”
“We have to call in all who are with us.”
Gregorio met her eyes then walked to the window to survey those working outside. He watched witches and vampires scurry about, running errands and tending to the new arrivals. “Is it agreed then? The Council will be reformed with those we have decided on?”
“Of course. If they will serve.”  Cass joined him at the window and placed her hand on his massive shoulder. “I know there may be some opposition, but it is the only way. We need those witches. They are our strongest allies. They have proven trustworthy and more than helpful, my son. To leave them out of this would be tantamount to destruction. It is the only way.”
“And housing?”  He asked.
“Call to them. Many minds will be more efficient than two. It is time for the first meeting of the new Council.”
Gregorio turned and walked across the room toward the door. Half way there, he turned back and asked, “You are certain?”
Cass pulled her shoulders back, bringing herself to her full height as she stared at him. Smiling, she bent her head in dismissal.
Gregorio gave a curt nod saying, “As you wish, Mother,” before exiting the room.
Cass and Gregorio had decided to form a new Council of a hierarchy whose members were loyal to the cause. A Council that would include the white witches. Cass would be leader followed by Gregorio and Athena. Michael and Big Jon would follow them. Representatives of the higher seats would include Liz, and the three powerful witch Sisters: Minerva, Callista, and Genevieve. The lower seats would include two capable vampire coven leaders: Tiberius, and Rene. The Council convened at dawn after the others went to sleep.
Cass stood before the newly-formed Council and slammed her fist on the table. Wooden splinters showered the group. “There has to be a spy amongst us. How else could the other faction have known, with such detail, of our planned attack?”
“But who?” asked Michael. “Who could have fooled us all and slipped by William?”
Minerva rose to her feet and paced the floor. She stopped and turned to the vampires. “The only thing I am certain is that it is not a witch. If one of us betrayed, the dark magic that turned her would have seeped into any spells. We would have detected if dark magic was used.”  
“Let me think on it,” said Gregorio. “I will find the spy.”
Cass nodded her approval. “I know you will.”  Her gaze passed across Minerva and the others. “Until then, everything spoken here tonight must remain between the present council members. Nothing is to be told to anyone outside of this room. Do you all understand?”
“Yes.”
“Good. We will make sure the traitor pays for what he has done.”  Her voice was harsh and the wicked grin on her face would have frightened even those with stoutest of hearts.
Gregorio pulled out his chair and sat down. “Now to other business. I believe that you all have noticed the need for new lodgings. Any ideas about how to accomplish this?”  
They discussed many different places for their new compound. It had to be mostly underground. Until everyone had grown immune to the sun, it had to be shielded from daylight. They discussed magically reinforcing the fortress and trying to preserve what they could, but that would probably take years. 
“I don’t see how these issues can be addressed at the present time.” Michael sighed.
“It has to be taken care of, Michael.” Gregorio responded.
“I know that Father, but all of us are running out of steam. We need to rest and address the issue with clear heads.”  
Cass looked around the room at her weary family. Each face was riddled with exhaustion and uncertainty.  The only thing left to discuss was the unusual circumstances of Athena, Gregorio, and their relationship with Cass. Her eyes lingered lovingly on Jenna before moving to Athena and Gregorio. Taking several moments to consider what she was going to say, she finally began. 
“I know that all of you must be very curious about my relationship with Athena and Gregorio. Although I have spent several thousand years keeping that a secret, I will tell you now. This is the story of a mother who lost everything that meant anything, and gained immortality. It’s a sad story really. When one is so very young, and believes that life has no further purpose, it is easy to make mistakes. I was like that in the beginning.
“In those days all vampires lived in the sun, and all ruled with an iron fist. You already know it is an immunity. They were no different than the rest of us. After years of becoming accustomed to daylight, they began to take over. My story began in ancient Egypt. My maker was called Sekhmet. She was a lovely woman with a very mean spirit. I was just a serving girl, insignificant, but beautiful. She had a terribly jealous nature, and became obsessed with fantasies that I would catch her husband’s eye. Sekhmet was certain that her husband, Osiris, would turn me and make me a goddess as well. 
“In ancient times we knew nothing of vampires only that these beings were vastly different than ourselves and that nothing could stop them. Being a servant girl, I was at the beck and call of men in positions of authority. 
“I became pregnant at fifteen. My son came just before my sixteenth birthday. Knowing that Sekhmet already had it in for me, I sent my child to be raised by a family of scholars. He was adopted by them and became one of their own. 
“Eventually Sekhmet’s delusions became reality, and Osiris did notice me. To keep me from taking her place in his heart, she turned me herself, therefore making me her daughter and untouchable by him. Back then, my name was Hathor. Sekhmet’s scheme was no help to her. Osiris broke the law and took me as his lover, disregarding the consequences. Sekhmet was offered death or banishment for her interference with his plan. She chose to leave. I have not heard from her since the day she left.
“I kept tabs on my son all throughout his life. He married, had children, their children had children and so on. Then my precious Athena was born. She was the last in my line. Her entire family had died in one of the great earthquakes that rocked the city of Rome. By then I was already in hiding but still closely watched my family. I was Cassiopeia then. When it became apparent to me that Athena would never have children, I could not stand the idea of my family line ending. It was the one thing that helped me hold on to my humanity. I had already decided to turn her myself, so as to keep her with me always, when she met her maker. 
“Zeus is what they called him back then. You all know him as the Eldest. When Zeus turned Athena, I went to her and told her all of her family history, but we agreed that she would not tell anyone from whom her line stemmed. I was in hiding already and trying to live as a human. I had already learned to shield my mind and walk in the sun. By then, most of my kind had taken to the darkness, so it was easy for me to pass myself as human. 
“We spent every moment we could together. She is now and will always be the daughter of my heart.”  With that she stopped. Looking down in shame, she paused. Then glancing at Gregorio, a look of utter anguish came over her as she continued. “Gregorio is a different matter altogether. My second great mistake. Previously I told you that I have never chosen to turn another. That was true. However, I did turn one. Just one, and only by accident. Gregorio was a general in the Roman Army; he was a greatly important man. 
“Most of you don’t know, but to humans our blood is a magical elixir. If they have not been bitten, it will heal any injury or ill, short of death. I was working with the injured of a great battle between the Romans and the Greeks, when I found Gregorio. He was nearly dead, and I knew that he would be gone if I didn’t act quickly. Therefore, I gave him my blood. I had no idea that he had already been selected for turning by another. I had stayed away from the vampire nation, and there was so much blood from the other injured, that I did not detect the scent of the bitten. He turned immediately then, making him the one thing that I had always lacked… my son. 
“I was so angry that he had turned. I had been determined that I would never take a human life, like mine was taken from me. I was given no choice or option. But it had happened all the same and I was obligated to train him and teach him.”  Her features softened as she gazed at Gregorio and said, “It is something for which I have never forgiven myself for.”  
Gregorio smiled in earnest and told her that he had forgiven her several thousand years ago. 
The room remained quiet as everyone pondered the surprising revelations. 
“I have spent countless centuries alone, trying to protect these two from association with me. Every time an old one gained power, they would do so by killing off any that could supersede them in power or ability. If they could not reach that one, then they would cut them where it would hurt the most, by taking out those that they loved. That is why Osiris sent me away. Shortly after I escaped, he was defeated in battle. No one could know of my relationship with these two. Should it be discovered their lives would be forfeited.”  Cass smiled sadly, as Athena reached over and squeezed her hand. Cass pulled Athena in her arms and embraced her as she finished, “I could not help but love my newly-made son, nor could I stop loving my last living descendant. So in a way you are all my family now.”  
Angie laughed breaking the silence in the room. “So you are my grandmother?”
“In a way, I guess I am.”  Cass replied.
“And that would make you my grandmother as well?” Michael questioned in awe.
“Yes, Michael. That also would make Liz my grand-daughter-in-law, so to speak.”  Cass snickered.
Standing and stretching, Gregorio looked around the room and said, “I believe that is more than enough information for now. Get some rest if you are able, we have much work to do when the sun sets.”


Chapter Thirteen
The Dream Child

The encampment was subdued for the next few days. The loss at the fortress had not only injured their bodies, but their spirits as well. Many had lost those connected to them, and grief had driven some to a nearly catatonic state. Those still functioning were working. Stores had to be gathered, blankets, pillows, and things that were required to make the arriving clans comfortable. The old barn behind the house was turned into a dormitory of sorts to house those arriving. Infected with fear, the survivors of the fortress massacre did not want to be left on their own.
The room grew quiet as the waning sun settled in the horizon. Long shadows cast from candlelight flickered and danced along the walls. The council members sat at the rectangular table with Cass at the head. Minerva sat to her right, with Michael and Liz to her left. Soft voices filled the air.
“We’ve been going over this for days and we’re no closer to a solution than we were the first time.”  Michael said as his fist slammed against the kitchen table. “While we sit here talking, Monroe is building an even larger army. We are wasting time.”
Gregorio, arms folded across his chest, nodded in agreement, directed his gaze to Cass, and waited for her to speak.
“We are helpless without money.”  Cass stood and began pacing the length of the kitchen.
“I don’t understand why it is so important that we find a place to house all of us. Each nest should find their own dwellings. We have an army to reinforce. Not all of those here are capable fighters. I don’t want to get caught with my pants down again.”  Tiberius said.
Cass stopped behind Tiberius’ chair, reached out, and ran her index finger down the side of his face. “Don’t you see? This is our army. We can no sooner move ahead without them, than we can crawl under rocks and hide.”  Whipping around, her ebony hair flew wildly about before settling neatly against her back as she retraced her steps across the kitchen floor. 
Red faced, Tiberius stiffened in his chair.  
As they discussed their options, little Jenna worked carefully on a picture she was coloring.  She sat on the floor with her knees tucked under her, working away at her drawing, seemingly unaware of the conversation in the room. When the grownups in the room finally quieted, she jumped up and pulled at Cass’ sleeve. 
“Mommy, I need scissors.”
“Why?” 
“To fix my picture.”  
“What are you making love?”  
“A present.”  Jenna’s face lit up with a smile. She folded her hands behind her back and swiveled back and forth.
“Well show me then.”  
“But it won’t look right if I don’t cut them.”  The child protested her bottom lip protruding. 
Cass sighed, picked her up and placed Jenna on her hip. “Darling, I will help you cut the picture down, if you just show me first.” 
Jenna smiled, her eyes wide. “Okay, but close your eyes first ‘cause it’s a surprise.” 
Cass closed her eyes tight. 
Jenna giggled. “Okay, you can look now. This is what you needed, right?”  
Cass laughed, hugged the girl, and put her down. “My child is a genius. We will make money. Well not really make money, but we can make gold and that is better than cash any day!”
“What in the world are you talking about?”  Minerva said.
“Alchemy, Minerva!  Alchemy, transfiguration, all of it. We will turn things to gold and sell them. Large enough items will bring a fortune!”
“Bah. Alchemy is a myth. No one has ever succeeded in creating gold. Even metallurgists have had no luck with that. It simply can’t be done.”  Minerva answered.
 “It can be done. I’ve seen it. Now I’m going to need some things. It might take a while to find…”  Her finger’s combed though her hair for a moment before settling on a loose strand. Deep in thought, she began twisting the lock around her forefinger.
“Are we talking about King Arthur, Merlin stuff?” asked Liz.
“I’m rather curious myself.” Big Jon leaned forward in his seat tapping his fingers on the table.
“Mother, are you sure about this?”  Gregorio chimed in.
Cass looked at them. Pulled out of her thoughts, her facial expression changed from pensive to thrilled. “Don’t you get it? If the items we transfigure sell fast, we will be financially set for many years to come. This can be done. I swear it. I just have to remember. It’s been several thousand years since I saw that spell in action.”
“Well if you honestly think you can pull it off, I’ll do whatever I can to help.” Minerva said.
“Thank you, Minerva. I think I remember most of it now. Let’s get busy. What types of potion ingredients did you bring with you?”
“You name it, we have it.”
“Show me.”
The women headed outside to consult with the other witches while the rest watched in confusion. Jenna sat back down looking very pleased with herself, and began to color another picture. 
“It would have been nice if we had this information a few days ago.”  Michael walked to the fridge and pulled out a large carafe of blood. 
Liz and Angie rose and began bringing goblets to the table. 
Gregorio placed his hand over the top of the goblet set before him, shaking his head. “Better late than never. There is still the matter of which land to purchase. For myself--”
“Excuse me.”  Liz said, placing her hand lightly on Gregorio’s shoulder. “I might be able to help with that. If I could get to a computer, an internet search would show numerous properties that might interest us.”
“You’ve spoken of this internet before.”  Gregorio’s eyebrows lifted causing deep wrinkles to form in his forehead.
Jenna jumped up and pulled on Gregorio’s arm. “This is where we need to live.”  She said handing him a new picture.
 Gregorio took the picture of a rudimentary castle perched on the side of a mountain. “Where have you seen this before Jenna?”  
“In my dreams. In my dreams, it says that we need to live in this place. The people that talk to me in my dreams say that we will be safe there.”  
“Jenna, who are the people that talk to you in your dreams?”  Michael asked.
“The people that told me we had to leave that place with the booms.”  
Liz’s eyes grew wide as her mouth fell open. “She told us we had to leave the fortress. She told us that we had to get away before the second blast was heard. She knew what was going to happen.”  
Loud voices carried through the room as everyone fought to be heard over each other. Athena jumped up. “I’m going to find Cass.”
Liz walked to Jenna and kneeled on the floor. Her tiny hand quickly moved over the page leaving streaks of black and grey. “What are you making now, honey?”  She asked the girl.
“I am making a picture of the bad man.”  
“What bad man?”  
“The one that wants to kill us.”  Jenna paused. “I don’t like drawing the man, but they said that its time to show you who he is because he is a very bad man, and he wants to hurt Mommy most!”  Tears glistened in her beautiful brown eyes, and threatened to roll down her darling cherub cheeks. 
Liz reached over and pulled her close. “Shhh, it’s going to be okay. No one is going to hurt you or your Mommy.”  
Jenna wiped her eye with the palm of one hand, leaving dark smudges across her cheek. “I know, but it is scary.”  
Using the tail of her shirt, Liz wiped away the soiled area and patted the top of her head. Jenna smiled. Picking up a bright blue crayon, she began drawing another picture.

***

Cass did not know the source of Jenna’s dreams or the voices she claimed to hear. She had entered the child’s mind thousands of times and had never encountered another presence, nor had the child ever spoken to her about the voices. Prophetic dreams were not common in humans, but they weren’t unheard of either. Most thought Jenna’s unlikely ability was due to her mastery of telepathy. When questioned about who they were, Jenna could tell them nothing. Only that she knew they were good, and that they loved her and wanted to protect her. Cass asked Jenna if there was anything else, like the dreams or voices that she had not yet told her about. Jenna couldn’t think of anything and then suddenly her face lit up. 
“There is one thing, Mommy. I had a prickle my first day here.”
Cass looked shaken and asked, “What sort of prickle did you have darling?” 
“Oh, I had a big prickle that a ‘him’ was not who he said he was.”  She said proudly. “But I couldn’t ever figure him. I tried and I tried, but I couldn’t get it.”  Still keeping a smile on her face, Cass mentally shot out to the room “The traitor.”  
Jenna laughed and sweetly reminded her mother she could hear her. Cass laughed too and kissed the child on top of the head. Standing, she said to the others, “Everyone in the camp must come before this child to be judged. If the traitor is still among us she will know.”
Jenna’s picture of the man showed them little. The most they could make out was that the man was a vampire, tall and thin, had no hair, and wore black. That wasn’t much to go on. Jenna was certain that the man in her picture was not the spy, but the one most deadly to them. 
. Cass placed Jenna on the floor. Her daughter retreated to her crayons and paper.  Pacing back and forth, she stopped in front of the other council members. “I want you to send word and gather all the members of the covens. We are going to question them on an individual basis. They will swear allegiance to us.”  She slammed her hand on the table. The sound reverberated through the room.
“As you wish,” Tiberius replied and went to go make the necessary preparations. 
“I will get busy with Liz and attempt to find us suitable housing.”  Gregorio said. Motioning to Liz to follow him he also left the room.
“Michael, you and Callista collect some items for transfiguration. Antiques are best, especially swords and scabbards,” Cass said over her shoulder as she watched out the window.  The camp had come to life outside and many were scuttling here and there on the new tasks the leaders had set before them.

***

 Callista took Michael to several of his safe houses by portal to acquire some of his most ancient pieces. Like most vampires, Michael had a soft spot for things that he had used in historical times. They had returned with several antique, sheathed swords, and a few vases and urns from his Roman Empire days. 
Those items were perfect things to sell on the open market. Even the large New York auction houses would jump at a chance to sell that kind of merchandise. They contacted a trusted art dealer who promptly sold their items. Within seven days, they had a vast amount of money at their disposal and were ready to purchase any property that was needed. The day after Gregorio received word that their items were sold and his account had been credited, a somber Jenna approached them. 
She entered the living room, tears flowing freely down her face.  “It’s not safe here anymore. They said we have to leave. Something bad is coming, and we got two days to go to the new place.” 
“Do you know what the bad thing is, baby?”  Asked Cass.
Jenna collapsed in a flood of tears. Huddled on the floor and sobbing so hard that she could barely speak, she wailed, “I-I d-don’t l-like this game anymore. I-I want to go home. I don’t want to talk to them anymore!  E-Ever since I told you about them no one will p-play with me. Everyone just wants me to talk about t-them!”
Cass pulled Jenna into her lap saying, “Shhh. Everything will be just fine.”  Her questioning eyes lifted to Liz’s concerned face. 
Liz shrugged. Her lips mouthed, “I don’t know.”
“Could you?”  Cass asked and attempted to hand the girl to Liz.
“No, Mommy.”  Jenna cried as she latched on to Cass with all her might.
“Come on honey. You come with Aunt Liz and we’ll go have some playtime. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
“Babies?”  
“Anything you want.”
“Okay, but I get to be the Mommy.”
Jenna moved easily into her arms and they chatted all the way upstairs. 
Cass motioned for Angie to follow and began discussing the situation with the other leaders. 
Once they entered her room, it didn’t take long before Jenna was smiling and laughing again. Angie sat on the bed and began telling stories about her childhood. 
“Really, I’m not kidding. That bucket was stuck so tight on my foot that I couldn’t do anything but try to break it off!”  Angie made a kicking movement with her foot sending Jenna into a fit of giggles.
The fit ended almost as quickly as it began. Jenna’s face went slack. Her eyes became vacant and empty. Her face showed no emotion at all as she spoke. “You must flee. The time for waiting is no more. They are upon you, make haste!”  The voice coming out of her sounded nothing like the darling girl they knew. 
Angie started and brought her hand to her mouth, covering her lips. 
Liz grabbed Jenna and shook her. “Jenna!” 
The little girl’s head nodded back and forth as if she were a rag doll.
“Get Cass. Now.”  Liz ordered.
Angie nearly flew in her haste to find Cass. 
Slowly, Jenna’s head turned and she focused on Liz with her dead eyes. “Do you not hear me child, I said run!”  
She blinked, and Jenna was back as if nothing had happened, laughing right where she had left off. Seeing the look of horror on Liz’s face, confused her. 
“What’s wrong?”  
“Don’t you remember what you just said?”  
“I didn’t say anything at all!  Angie was talking about the bucket on her foot, and I was laughing.”  
It was Liz’s turn to run. She met Cass and Angie on their way up the stairs. Cass took her child and ran out of the house, Angie and Liz followed close behind. 
Cass screamed as she ran, “Run!  Make portals. Leave now. Everyone fly, we will find each other later.” 
She created a portal and was through in a flash. The girls barely had time to follow her. Just as they stepped into the portal, they heard shouting coming from the camp behind.


Chapter Fourteen
Finding the Lost

As they stepped through the portal, pain began to register. Both Liz and Angie, fearing for Jenna, had followed Cass right out into the sunlight. Thankfully, the portal reopened in a dark, cold place. The chilled air felt like heaven to their wounded smoldering skin. Cass’ footsteps gradually faded down the hall in front of them. 
“Cass, stop!”  Liz called out. But the sound of running dwindled until it was gone completely.
Angie leaned against the cold stone wall and gasped for air. 
“You okay?”  Liz asked.
“I’m getting there. The pain is receding. I’m glad we just ate.”  Angie managed a weak smile.
“Where are we, do you know?”
Angie straightened and looked around. “None of this looks familiar. It’s not the fortress.”
Liz ran her hand down the icy stone. “It’s dry and cold. Real cold. We must be underground.”
“Umm Liz, we need to find our fearless leader.”  
“Shhh. Do you hear that?” Liz asked.
Both girls listened quietly. A light skittering sound could be heard in the distance. They looked at each other and grimaced.
“Rats,” they said in unison.
“Ewww. I hate rats,” Angie said as her nose wrinkled.
“What’s that smell?”
Angie closed her eyes and breathed in through her nose. Her eyes snapped open. “Death,” she whispered.
Their heads began to vibrate with a strange thrumming sound. The two friends looked at each other in amazement. Liz grabbed Angie’s arm. “Do you feel that? I don’t think we are alone.”  
“Of course we’re not, Cass is here too.”  Angie replied.
Liz put her hand up to silence her. “I don’t think we should be speaking out loud. Something’s not right with this place. I don‘t know what it is, but I can feel this…presence.”
Angie closed her eyes and let her mind stretch to encompass the surrounding area. “This isn’t good. Evil dwells here.”  Eyes wide with fear, she raised her hand and pointed in the direction Cass' footfalls had taken. “It’s that way.”
“Shit.”
“We better get moving. We need to find her before whatever-that-is, does.”  
“I don’t think she's thinking clearly at this point.”  Liz replied.
“Liz, whatever it is, it’s neither vampire nor human.”  
“It feels very...old.”  Liz put her hand out to stop the girl from further conversation, and with a quick shake of her head, let Angie know that she shouldn’t communicate anymore. 
They stood silent for a few more seconds, listening to the sounds around them, trying to locate Cass and Jenna. Liz was worried about Michael and the others. The shouting they heard as they entered the portal didn’t make sense to her. She had no idea if the camp was being attacked or what was happening. She had to find Cass, or they both would be trapped in this place.  Cautiously, the girls headed down the hall.
The structure seemed enormous. The hall was so wide seven grown men could walk side by side. Coupled with the high vaulted ceiling made of large stone blocks, the space seemed more like a never ending room than a corridor. They passed door after door, checking a few as they passed. Most were locked, but some opened into large rooms. They found living quarters and empty storerooms, all encased in darkness. As they moved further down the hall, a feeling of dread began to wrap around them. 
Several minutes passed before they finally reached the end and found a spiraling stairwell. They could go up or down, but they had no clue which direction to go. Liz stretched out her mind and probed the building around her, feeling out each space she encountered. 
Angie gasped and grabbed Liz’s arm. “Jenna says they are in the bottom place. She says someone is with them and she is afraid. Her mother is not speaking and she cannot enter her mind.”
“Down it is then.”
“I think we’d better hurry.”
The girls bolted down the wide stone stairwell. There was no sound of their passing. They moved like ghosts, nearly floating as they ran. As they continued, the stench that had been faint all those levels above, became over powering. The presence was stronger down here as well. When they finally reached the last level, both girls stopped. Liz pulled on Angie’s sleeve touching her finger to her mouth. 
Angie nodded.
A pervading sense of evil blanketed the air. It moved in waves from the end of the hall. They tiptoed the remaining steps to an open doorway at the far end of the hall, and stopped again. The odor was even thicker there, and so pungent they could almost taste it. Sneaking in, they melted into the shadows. 
A dim flicker came from a small fireplace across the room, casting eerie shadows that seemed to leap and dance along the walls. Liz looked around, wishing she had taken the time to find some sort of weapon. She was an able fighter, but that did her little good without something to fight with. 
Her back to the door, Cass stood transfixed. 
Jenna looked over her mother’s shoulder, eyes wide, and mouth trembling. The child moved her head ever so slightly to the left. 
Liz craned her neck trying to see around one of the large columns that blocked her view. It was impossible. She would have to move to another position to find this new adversary. Taking a few moments to pull herself together, Liz decided that an open approach would be a bad idea. Whoever or whatever this was, it was dominant enough to mesmerize the most powerful vampire she knew, she would need the element of surprise if she were going to be able to help Jenna and her mother. 

***

Chaos erupted inside the house. The shouting the girls had heard as they stepped into the portal had been Michael and the others. But there was no attack, just the shock of seeing the girls run out the door into the sunlight after Cass. 
“That woman is going to get us all killed.”  Michael growled as he paced back and forth across the small kitchen.
“She hasn’t seemed right since she returned.”  Athena sat stiffly in a chair. Her eyes vacant as she tried to create a link to Cass.
“The sleeping have awakened. Minerva has her witches ready to move everyone as soon as needed.”  Gregorio leaned forward placing his hands against the table, watching Athena. “Any luck?”
“Nothing. Her mind is closed to me.”
Michael kicked at a chair, sending it flying into a wall. “Damn.”
“Enough.”  Gregorio’s voice boomed. “Control yourself, son. Think with your head not emotion. Where is she? Find her.”
“I can’t. It’s just darkness. It’s like she has vanished from the planet,” Michael answered his face red with embarrassment.
The front door slammed and within seconds a breathless Callista stood before them. “They are in Slovenia.”
“What?”  Michael and Athena asked in unison.
Gregorio folded his arms across his chest. “What are they doing there?”
“We have no clue. All that I can tell you for certain is that Liz and Angie are in Slovenia and a great evil encompasses them.”  Callista shrugged. Walking up to Michael, she placed her hand on his arm. “It’s ancient. Older than anything we have encountered before. We need to get to them quickly.”
Michael wanted to leave immediately. Gregorio would have none of that. There was still the matter of the attack coming in two days. Jenna had not been wrong yet about her feelings, and there were too many there that needed to be taken to safety. Michael was livid. He and Gregorio faced off and argued for several minutes over it. It was Athena that finally changed Gregorio’s mind. If they lost Cass to whatever evil this was, the war against the renegades would be over. There was no winning without her power. 
The group decided that Athena, Michael, Callista and several heavily-armed vampires would go after them. The others could stay behind and make the travel preparations. Which caused another argument. Gregorio didn’t want Athena going with the rescuers. Stating she was much too important to risk losing her as well. He ranted and raved for several minutes before finally deciding to go himself. Michael didn’t want Gregorio going either, he was needed at the camp. When it was all said and done, fifteen vampires and three witches had been selected to aid in the rescue attempt. The missing had been gone for just over an hour when the portals were opened and the chosen stepped through.

***

The girls managed to slip further into the great open room without being noticed. The pillars hindering their view made it easy to move unnoticed. Hidden behind these columns, quiet as death, they crept between them until they could see their opponent. 
It was difficult to tell if it was male or female. It appeared to be a great pile of stinking, oozing flesh. It’s stringy, greasy hair drooped over the rotting pile of tumorous blubber and hung to the floor. Set into the engorged face was a saggy mouth and two drooping eyes. In the fire light its’ eyes were completely black, like great empty windows that had never held light. They could make out nothing discernibly human about it. A giant sheet of filthy, tattered, purple satin covered its offensive body, leaving just the stubs of giant tree-like legs sticking out at the bottom. 
The visible parts of its body were covered in stench-filled pustules. As it sat there, they would break and pop. Puss oozed down the body of the massive thing leaving a fresh trail of goo on the grimy sheet, only to close and fill again. As if the thing was fighting off some horrid disease, but not quite winning the battle. 
Its eyes remained focused on Cass and Jenna. Occasionally, the face registered a slight change as if it were in a mental conversation with them. A great claw-like hand lifted. Absurdly long talons that might have once been fingers motioned for Cass to come closer. Her feet stayed planted, but her body swayed forward as if pulled by strings.
Uncertain how to proceed, Liz‘s eyes darted from Cass to the monstrosity. Before she could make a decision, Angie leapt from their hiding place and positioned herself between Cass and her oppressor. “You cannot have them!”  She screamed.
The thing’s face slightly registered surprise and released its grip on Cass. Lifting its talons again, the creature made a gurgling noise. The massive blubberous form jiggled as a screeching unholy sound that might have been laughter, vomited from its jowls. 
Angie's body levitated several feet from the floor. Helpless and unable to move, she floated.  
It spoke with a voice that emulated fingernails raking a chalkboard, “So they have sent a child to take down Goliath? You have no idea with whom you are speaking, child.”  The thing oozed hate and malice. Tongue darting from its maw, it licked putrid lips with all the feeling of a hungry man about to feast. 
Cass flinched. One hand shot around Jenna issuing a bright blue flame. She sent it straight into the belly of the massive thing. When the flame hit, Angie fell, landing with a sickening crunch as her feet hit the floor. The thing screeched in rage. Black as pitch, a great darkness exploded from the talons like a massive spray of oil and smoke. Cass' fire changed shape and direction becoming a spherical shield between them. Falling to her knees with the exertion of it, she kept herself, Jenna, and Angie covered. Angie, injured from the fall, pulled herself across the floor to Cass' feet, dragging twisted legs behind her.
Liz started as, simultaneously, an arm locked around her chest and a hand covered her mouth. Her body recognized the familiar presence and immediately relaxed. Michael loosened his grip allowing her to turn as he nodded to the other pillars. The others, weapons ready, waited for their leader to give the order. Then putting his finger to his mouth, moved away motioning for her to stay put. 
The thing, worn from the use of its formidable magic, growled and let its arms drop. Cass, still on her knees, allowed her protective bubble to dissipate as well. The thing spoke again, “You have grown very powerful daughter”
“You have grown very ugly, Mother,” Cass replied full of contempt.
Again, the thing laughed and spoke, “Ah, but it wasn’t so when I was young. When I was young, I was beautiful, but I was not this powerful. Strength, my pet, is what rules the world. You could have been so much more than the pitiful thing you are now. Look at you, standing there holding that disgusting human as if it were your own. With all that I have taught you, you still have not overcome your humanity.”
“You have not one appearance of humanity in you, Sekhmet. You look alien to anything of this earth; there is no beauty or joy, only death and decay. Your physical body has finally taken on the appearance of your soul. What good has all of this power brought you?” 
“What good you ask? What good? Are you insane? Has living with mortals so completely dulled your mind, that you cannot comprehend true greatness when you encounter it? Who can stop me now? Even you cannot resist my call. You will never leave this place, Hathor. My minions are coming with today’s delicacies. When they arrive you will be caged and the girl will be mine.”  
“I’ll never let you have her. You’ll have to take my life, Sekhmet, and even as powerful as you are, you cannot do it.”  Cass whispered vehemently.
The ancient vampire raised her claws, leveling them at Cass. Jenna whimpered, looking at Liz for help. When the beast drew forth her dark power, Michael and the others struck. The attack came from all sides. 
As the darkness slithered and wriggled around Cass, her blue flame flickered to life. She threw her arm up over head creating a large blue shield that covered her body from floor to ceiling. 
Distracted by the screaming vampires to her right, Sekhmet sent one hand toward them throwing them off of their feet and slamming them into pillars and walls. Shrieks echoed in the great room making it sound more like hundreds battled. 
While Sekhmet focused on Cass and the others, Michael moved lithely around behind her, prepared to remove her head from her monstrous shoulders. With a flick of her wrist, he flew across the room, bounced off a pillar, and crashed into the wall. Small bits of stone and dust spewed into the air. Even with the tremendous force of impact, Michael was back on his feet in an instant searching for his lost sword.
Liz darted forward to where Cass was failing under the onslaught of the dark magic. She took Jenna from the woman’s arms, intending to run for safety. 
The room unexpectedly went silent. Sekhmet’s head lay on the ground in front of her tuberous legs; eyes opened and glazed with surprise. Angie stood behind the monstrosity, her lips pulled tight. A clank reverberated through the room as the broadsword she held hit the stone floor. 
Cass fell to the floor unconscious while the others slowly picked themselves up.
Jenna jumped out of a startled Liz’s arms and ran to her motionless mother. While Michael and the others made their way over to where Cass lay on the ground, the massive body of the old one started writhing and melting into a voluminous puddle of ichor. A green fog of stench blanketed the room.  Everyone coughed and gagged from the reek. Gingerly lifting Cass, Michael told the others to head out. They had to proceed up many levels before the smell dissipated to a tolerable concentration. Once there, Michael began trying to revive Cass. 
Shortly, Cass regained consciousness. She was weak and weary, but unharmed. “Where are we?” she asked. 
“In Slovenia,” Michael replied. “Why did you come here?”
Cass answered, still somewhat in shock, “I don’t know. This isn’t where I intended to go. I opened a portal to our cabin in the mountains. Somehow, she must have changed the flow and brought us here. From the moment I exited, I had little control of my functions. I was drawn to her, and as hard as I fought, I could not lift the weight of her power from my mind.” 
Cass’ eyes rested on Jenna. Reaching out, she stroked her cheek and tenderly pushed stray strands of hair behind the child’s ears. “She wanted Jenna. She said that Jenna was to be the most powerful vampire that ever lived. She told me that Jenna would not need to grow old to become strong, and that she had selected her for turning.”  Cass lifted her eyes and met Michael’s gaze. “Now. She was going to turn her now.”
The appalled look on Michael’s face spoke volumes. There were no words to express his horror at turning one so young.
A deep sigh shuddered from her chest as she pulled her daughter closer. “All these centuries I had thought her dead, and the entire time she had been watching me. Who killed her?”  
Michael nodded to Angie and softly replied, “The one we keep under estimating.”
Cass stared at Angie. “You saved us,” she whispered in awe of this young girl who had seemed so helpless and innocent. 
Angie looked down at her feet for a moment; her voice trembled as she spoke. “I would have died before I let it take her.”


Chapter Fifteen
The Citadel

Michael offered his hand to Cass. “You gave us a scare.”  
Cass cast her eyes down as he pulled her up. “Thank you. Have you talked to Gregorio yet?”
“I will right now.”  He closed his eyes. By the time his lids opened, a blue shimmer of light flickered in front of the group, and Gregorio, Athena, and Minerva stepped through. 
 Gregorio and Athena rushed to Cass’ side. 
“You are well?”  Gregorio asked after a brisk hug.
Cass embraced Athena saying, “I’m sorry. She pulled me here. There was nothing I could do.”
“Michael, is it safe?”  Gregorio asked.
“I’ll take care of that now.”  He shifted his gaze to the others. “I need you in groups of two or three. Inspect each room, regardless of size. Clear every level. Not even a closet is to be left out. Sekhmet claimed others were coming. Be watchful and keep in contact with each other.”  Michael flicked his hand dismissing them.
Gregorio placed his hand on the old stone wall and smiled as he ran his hand over it. “This will do quite nicely.” 
“It’s perfect.” Athena said.
“Should we start bringing the rest?”  Minerva asked.
“Yes, get them here as quick as you can.”  Gregorio said.
Minerva gave a quick nod, created a portal, and left.
“Well my dear, are you ready to run another fortress?”  Gregorio asked.
Athena, still smiling, said, “I better be. They are arriving.”
Blue lights shimmered up and down the hall as the host of vampires entered their new home. Athena walked to the center of the hall to meet them. “You there,” she pointed to a petite woman with platinum-blond hair braided into a tight bun at the nape of her neck. “You are?”
“Esmerelda, Callista’s daughter.”
Athena shook her head. “Of course, and my apologies, names often seem to elude me. Please take fifteen to the first level and begin cleaning up.”  The woman nodded and scuttled away on her mission. Athena moved down the hall with purpose setting each to a task. “Marcus, Gregorio wants you with him. Take your men with you. Ah, Callista, you take another fifteen and get the second level squared away. Gen, I don’t want you cleaning. Minerva will need you to help with stores and their placements. You take twenty with you to help bring things in. Go ask Michael which men you can take.”
Jenna reached out and tugged at Gregorio’s sleeve. “Did you notice?”
He knelt down to speak with her. “Notice what little one?” 
“This looks like my picture!”
Gregorio tussled her hair. “Of course it does, dear.”
Another portal shimmered and Michael stepped through. “You have to see this place from the outside Gregorio. It’s massive and easily defensible.”
“Our little Jenna says it looks just like her picture.”  He answered.
Michael's grin spread ear to ear. “It does.”
Jenna, hands behind her back, swayed from side to side. “I told you so.”

***

Built into the side of a mountain, it could only be attacked from the front. To accomplish such a feat, enemies would need to scale up a mile of steep rocky hillside, lush with vegetation and wild animals. Those inside could see for miles around. Not one human dwelling stood within fifty miles. Thirty of which, were overrun with forests full of deer, elk, and numerous other large animals that would provide an almost unlimited supply of fresh blood for all those gathered. This place was twice the size of the fortress and every bit as impenetrable as it should have been. Before the two days they had been given by Jenna’s voices had expired, they were completely moved and settling into the castle. 
Four days later, the castle was running like a well-oiled machine. Except for the loss of those that had died in the fortress, it was as if they had lived there for years. Once everyone had settled into their niche, there was finally time for meetings and loved ones.
Although there were many Council meetings to attend, and tasks to accomplish, Michael and Liz s were finally able to spend many happy hours together. It was the first time since her turning that she had actually had him to herself. It was a relief to finally have some down time, and even get to the point of monotony. Liz enjoyed those days with Michael. They were perfect together. Even without their connection, it was obvious to all who saw them that they were very much in love. The lingering touches and looks they continuously gave each other, spoke more than any words even the greatest of storytellers or songwriters could have contrived. 
Angie had been appointed guardian and defender of Jenna. She was also designated to teach the child. Jenna was at the age when she should have been starting kindergarten, but there were no schools available to her. Angie was thrilled to be given the position and took it seriously. Jenna and her teacher became inseparable.
The camaraderie the vampires and witches had felt just before the assault on the fortress did not diminish. If anything, it grew stronger. Of the one hundred and ninety five witches that started with them, only five had died at the fortress. They took shifts at the castle, some staying, while others went home to their lives and families. Every floor had ten resident witches that were on duty at all times. If there was a need to run, they were prepared to evacuate everyone within a matter of minutes. This unexpected alliance, and even friendship, had given the vampires a new sense of home and family that none had ever expected to find. Even those who had lost their 'connection' basked in the glow of this newfound joy.

***

Gregorio cleared his throat. The leaders quieted and waited patiently for him to speak. “We have done great work here. With all that we have managed to accomplish, there are still many things to be done.”
The council members nodded in agreement.
“It is imperative that we find Monroe’s base. Rene, what is being done to facilitate that?”
“William is working diligently. He has recruited several spirits to help him, but is not having much luck.”
“I can speak to that as well.”  Minerva said. “We’ve been casting bones and worked several retrieval spells. Each time we come up with zilch. A dark magic is hiding them.”
The sound of shifting material whispered through the room as the leaders moved uncomfortably in their seats.
“Are you certain?”  Cass asked leaning forward in her seat.
“There is no doubt.”
Cass looked at the faces of her followers. Dread filled her. Monroe was not capable of pulling that off alone. Someone of great skill and power must be involved. She thought back on her battle with Sekhmet. While the beast infiltrated her mind, the link had also allowed Cass access to her maker‘s thoughts and memories. Sekhmet had hidden herself away from the world many thousands of years ago. Cass had been six hundred years old when she had heard that the woman was dead and felt the breaking of the connection. 
There had been another uprising and many of the ruling vampires had been killed that year. Several ancients had banded together to take out those stronger and more powerful than they, one at a time. With the help of the ancient magic, Sekhmet had hidden herself away from the minds of those who sought to kill her. Alone in the world, with her husband dead and primaries gone, she had delved deeper into the darker realms of the magic. It had totally consumed her. 
She’d lived in a cave for several thousand years, only leaving to feed. Then two thousand years ago she’d ventured to this castle. Never having turned another; for fear they would one-day rise against her as well, she entombed herself in an abysmal solitary hell. So many years in the darkness had made it impossible for her to return to the light of day. Living in constant fear and hatred, controlled by her dark magic, she had entranced any human in the area to come as an animal to the slaughter. 
This lush land had been once been inhabited by many small villages full of farming families. Over a period of two hundred years, she had eaten her way through all that remained in the surrounding area. Those that managed to escape had left the countryside long ago, leaving nothing behind, except rumors and stories about a monster that lived in the castle, ate babies for snacks, and devoured entire families at a time. She watched Cass from afar all those years, never giving up her vendetta against the woman, seeking a way to destroy her. That is how she found Jenna.
Inside Sekhmet’s mind, Cass saw that Jenna was destined to great power. The woman intended to turn the child from light to dark, using the child’s abilities to conquer not only the vampire nation, but the entire mortal world. Cass had known from the first time that Jenna had answered her telepathically, that the child was destined for greatness, but even she had not seen the power that would eventually come from the girl. If her turning were allowed, she would truly be the most powerful vampire of all time.
“Mother?”  Gregorio’s voice interrupted her thoughts.
“Yes. Sorry. I was elsewhere.”
“What are we to do about Jenna?”  
“I don’t know. I’m too close to this, I think.”  She said looking at the table.
Athena reached out and grabbed her hand. “Of course you are. She will be fine, I swear it.”
Minerva coughed slightly and received a glare from Athena for her effort. 
Athena’s gaze remained on Minerva as she repeated, “She will be fine. We will all see to that.”
Minerva and the others nodded, but their eyes showed the suspicion and worry that had settled in their hearts.
Days and nights followed, one after the other, until three months had passed with no more happening other than a few much-needed repairs. Gregorio had contacted his agent in the mortal world and purchased the Citadel. Owning the property ensured that no human would enter without cause, and they gave no cause for entry. Already filled with antiques and remnants from the past, it had become the beautiful, majestic place it had been in history. 


Chapter Sixteen
A Lesson In Magic

With everyone settled, the Council decided that the next order of business was to prepare the masses for the next battle. Cass didn’t need to do much coaxing to get a unanimous vote allowing her to teach magic. All that were willing began to study. Even the witches immersed themselves in learning Cass’ brand of magic. 
It was far older and different from anything that they had encountered before. Neither dark nor light, the magic tapped into psychic energy that surrounded all living beings. Not everyone had the ability to learn such magic. It was ordered that everyone in the Citadel be assessed for this ability. 
Every witch there qualified for the class, but of the vampires, only thirty had adequate control of their minds to be adept in learning the skill. Michael and Gregorio, although powerful in their own right, did not have the necessary ability to learn the magic. Liz and Athena seemed to be exceptionally gifted in this area, so they were among the first to be taught. Angie also qualified to enter, but refused. She did not want to leave young Jenna for the three hours a day that had been allotted for the class.
The witches learned quickly, being accustomed to using and controlling magic already. The vampires took much more time to learn even the simplest of spells. The primary goal of the class was portal creation and vampire restraining spells. Cass was convinced the key to winning against the renegades was portal magic. If her pupils could master both, they could not lose. They all worked diligently, training every day. 
Standing in the front of the room, hands on her hips, Cass explained. “It is simple really. It is just a matter of bending space with your mind. Visualize where you are right now. Now, see where you want to be.” 
Groans of frustration filtered though the room.
“Think of it like this. You are not trying to go to a place. You are bringing that place to you. Pull it to you in your mind.”
Throughout the room, several tiny blue orbs floated in front of the vampires.
“That’s right. Just like that. Now make them larger. See them in your head. Feel them grow.” 
As she watched, the orbs grew in size. 
“Be certain that you are fully viewing the place you are pulling to you. It wouldn’t do to come out inside a wall.”
Minerva snickered from the table behind her.
Cass glanced over her shoulder, smiled, and continued, “Remember your mind is the most powerful part of your essence. When you have discovered how to tap into that energy, you can accomplish nearly anything.”
 Faces pinched, eyes closed tight, they concentrated. Tiny puffs of smoke would bloom around the room as a portal evaporated. A few of the vampires stumbled on their feet. Several sat on the floor. All of them exhausted from the activity. 
“That’s enough for today. Feed and rest. Do not forget to do your meditation,” Cass said as she dismissed the vampires. Then turning to Minerva, she sighed and said, “Bring your covens.”
“No rest for the wicked, dearie.”  Minerva replied as she motioned to the witches to take their places.
Cass concentrated on teaching the witches to control space and time. By reaching within the deepest recesses of themselves, they found that time could be stretched to a slow crawl around them. Any enemy they concentrated on would appear to be frozen while everything else would move at a regular pace. Cass also taught them power attack and shield protection. 
Those not involved with magic class, were training with Michael. He was determined that they would not make the mistake of the Eldest, his army would be suitably and thoroughly trained.
Although Jenna belonged to Cass, it was agreed that any decision regarding her education would be decided by the Council, as Cass was biased in most things concerning the girl. It was a heavy weight that the Council carried, knowing the power that lay dormant within the child.  Cass had requested repeatedly to begin teaching the child magic. She had already stated that Jenna’s turning would be over her dead body, but she felt the girl’s safety was a risk, and wanted her to be able to fully protect herself. The Council vetoed each request, and then finally called a special meeting to address the issue of Jenna’s training. 
As usual, Gregorio took the floor as the meeting began. “We are convened today to decide whether or not our Jenna should be taught magic. I would like to hear from each of you in this matter, starting with her mother.”  
Cass took a deep breath, and reminding herself that all those gathered there also loved her daughter, began to speak, “You all know how I feel about this particular situation. Knowing what I saw in Sekhmet’s mind, I believe that Jenna will always be in danger unless she learns to control the power within her. Teaching her now, while she is so young, will help her in many ways.”
She paced back and forth across the room while she spoke. “First and foremost, she can learn to protect herself and get out of harm’s way. Secondly, but of equal importance, it will be much easier for her to master while she is so young. I will not have the child turned, but if she were to be taken and turned by a renegade, the connection would sway her to the darkness. If she does not, at minimum, learn to use shielding magic, then there will always be the possibility of her being taken.”  Her eyes pleaded with them as she finished, “You all know when Monroe finds out about her, if he hasn’t already, her life is forfeit. He will not stop until he is able to use her for his own twisted purposes.”
Liz and Michael nodded in agreement. 
Michael spoke up, “I agree with Cass. I think we have tarried too long in this matter. He may not know of Jenna’s potential, but it is a certainty that he knows of her existence and what she is already capable of.”
One by one the council members spoke, most agreed with Cass. Until, finally, the only one left to speak was Minerva. 
She stood rubbing her hands together, her mouth drawn up with worry. “Although I do agree that the danger for the child is great, I must say this at least.”  Her wise eyes moved slowly over those in the room, lingering on Cass as she continued, “I have seen for myself how powerful magic can sway the soul of the user. There have been three in my lifetime that have done so. None of them changed with purpose or intention, but were entangled before any of us even knew it was upon them. Teaching the child now, while she is so very young, might only ensure that as she grows she will delve deeper into her own natural magic. If that be the case, we have no comprehension where such a thing might lead her. So many things can happen as we grow to darken our true nature. How can we be sure that we will not end up with an angry, powerful witch that cannot be stopped?”  
Minerva paused. 
Cass’ gaze remained transfixed on the table in front of her.
“Cass.”  
Their eyes met across the table.
“If the child is not turned by one of you when she is old enough, and she has been given this vast knowledge; whom among us would have the power or heart to stop her should she be turned by the other side?” 
The Council sat in silence. 
  A loud scraping noise filled the room as Athena pushed her chair away from the table and stood. “We need to take the utmost consideration in this matter. Let us take some time today to think this thing through before we come to any kind of decision. For now, we should consider this our prime objective. All other matters cannot be dealt with at this time.”  
They agreed and withdrew, each to their own quarters.

***

Curled up on their couch beside the fire, Michael and Liz discussed the Council meeting. 
“I just don’t get it,” said Liz.
“I understand Minerva’s trepidation, but it seems logical the child should be taught how to protect herself. The person guarding her would be in less danger if they could concentrate on fighting instead of keeping her safe.”  Michael answered.
“Right. And that person is our Angie. I don’t like the idea of her being in constant danger.”
“They are being overly protective.”  Michael began scraping the carved wooden hand rest of the sofa, losing himself in his thoughts.
“Stop it.”
“Stop what?”  He looked up, his face a mask of surprise.
“Every time you think, you mangle the furniture.”  She laughed.
“I do not.”
Liz reached up and brushed the hair from his face. “I don’t understand Cass.”
“She’s very human.”  Michael snickered.
“No, she’s not. Believe me, I know mortals. Just was one, remember?”
Michael turned and positioned himself so his head was in her lap, letting his long legs dangle over the arm of the sofa. “Okay, fill me in. What is she doing that is not cohesive with human behavior?”
“She does not want her daughter turned, correct?”
“Correct.’
“She will never die. She will live forever without her daughter?”
Michael abruptly sat up staring at Liz.
“Humans don’t choose to live without their loved ones. Ever. Besides, there is no way that girl would ever be able to live a normal human life after being raised by vampires. She will never fit in out there. Our world is the only world that will make sense to her. I don‘t think the problem is in convincing the Council to let her learn magic. The problem is that we need to convince Cass that--should Jenna desire it--she should be turned at the appropriate age.”
Michael pulled her forward and gently kissed her tender lips. “Have I told you that I love you today? Let’s make sure that Gregorio and Athena have just enough time to really get into a tizzy about all of this. Then we’ll go have a talk.”
Liz grinned as he pulled her head down to his and planted a kiss on her forehead. 
 When enough time had passed for Gregorio and Athena to discuss the situation, Michael and Liz sought them out. Enclosed in the rooms that the two elders had taken together, the four of them began a rather heated discussion. Gregorio was completely against the child's teaching. He was of the opinion that whatever came to her naturally would be in her best interest. To train one so young, intentionally, seemed unconscionable to him. Athena wanted her trained and ready, just in case she needed to protect herself. While Gregorio and Michael hashed it out, the women sat and listened. Both men were being extremely stubborn, and neither would budge an inch. 
Finally having enough of their argument, Liz spoke up. “Listen you two; you are both being silly at this point.”  
Both men looked at her in disbelief. Being several thousand years old, Gregorio was unaccustomed to being called silly. Michael knew that Liz was on his side and didn’t understand why she would include him in that statement. 
“If we are going to fight amongst ourselves, then isn’t Monroe already winning? Seriously. We don’t know for sure that what Sekhmet saw was even real. The woman was deranged from using the dark magic. Isn’t it possible she saw only what she wanted to see instead of what was really there?”  
Gregorio‘s forehead furrowed in thought. “I think you’ve got something there, Liz. We’ve all been assuming, because of her power, her knowledge was accurate. I’d say it is more than probable that she was delusional.”  
Michael clapped his father on the shoulder saying, “Father, I know this is the right thing to do.”
“What would it hurt to try?”  Athena chimed in placing her hand on his arm.
“The entire Council has to agree on this you know, it’s not completely up to us.”  Gregorio countered. Then he shrugged his massive shoulders slowly exhaling his defeat.
The Council met again that evening and by unanimous vote decreed that Jenna’s lessons would start the following day. Cass was ecstatic, and although they voted for her magical education to begin, a few council members remained uneasy.
Early the next morning, Angie brought Jenna to her mother’s chambers. Minerva replaced Cass as the new instructor for the adult class to free up time for her to teach Jenna. From the first day, Jenna excelled in her studies. It took the child a scant five days to learn how to open a portal, levitation, blue flame control, and something entirely new. 
She practiced moving from one portal to the next in the same room. Cass had her create a portal on one side of the room and move through it to the other side of the room. 
Jenna had been opening portals like a pro for three days, so when she stepped into her newly-created portal and didn’t come out on the other side of the room, Cass was worried. She immediately tried to open a link to Jenna. As hard as she tried, she could not find the girl. 
Just before the frantic mother became completely hysterical, a portal opened and Jenna returned. She held in her little hands, a small red suitcase, her favorite teddy bear was tucked under her arm. 
Cass ran to her, pulling her close. She was so relieved to see her unharmed, that it took a moment for her to realize that the things Jenna held were personal items from her bedroom at their cabin. Guardedly she asked, “Baby, where did you get those things?”  
“My bedroom. Well my other bedroom, not the one here.”
“You were at our house?”
“Yes, I didn’t mean too!  Are you mad?”  Jenna looked at the floor, biting her lower lip.
“No I’m not mad. Do you know how you got there?”
“Well…just before I opened the portal I was thinking how I missed teddy.”  She looked into her mother’s eyes as a small tear escaped down her cheek. “You know how much I missed teddy, Mommy.”
Cass nodded, wiping away the lone tear.
“And then, when it opened, I was in my room. So…I thought since I was there anyhow, I would get my favorite things to bring back here.”
Cass thought for a few seconds before speaking. “But baby, your teddy and that suit case have been missing for at least a year, remember?”
“But they were there mommy; all of my stuff was there. Am I in trouble?”
Cass patted the child on the head and let her go. “You’re not in trouble. Mommy needs to think a minute, okay?”
Jenna smiled brightly, sat down, and opened the suitcase, pulling out one toy after another, and placing them in a line in front of her.
Cass wracked her brain, trying to remember the last time she had actually seen teddy and Jenna’s little suitcase. She vividly remembered the day that the child had come home from preschool distraught because she couldn’t find either. She was positive that it had happened several months before the attack on the car. She stood completely still as it dawned on her what might have happened. It was impossible!  Wasn’t it? Her mind reeled with the ramifications of what Jenna had been able to do. Time travel? Through portals? 
Quickly, Cass called Angie and asked her to come and get the child. She had to have time to think. She knelt down beside Jenna and said, “You know Mommy loves you, right?”  
Jenna nodded. 
“And no one loves you like Mommy, right?”  
She nodded again. 
“You must not tell anyone how you got your things Jenna; it has to be our secret for right now, okay? Not even Angie.”  
Jenna solemnly looked at her mother, crossed her heart, and promised not to tell anyone.
After Angie collected Jenna, Cass paced the room in thought. It just didn’t seem plausible that this could happen, but it had. She knew she could not tell the Council. They would all go crazy!  She couldn’t tell anyone. If others knew that portal magic could be used to time travel, then they could go to any when and possibly change time lines. One mistake and thousands of people might not ever be born. That was providing that it was possible for others to use a portal that way. It might be just a fluke, or part of Jenna’s personal abilities. Good grief, Minerva would have a field day with this!  
She thought and paced for hours, and then decided that before she got too worked up over something only Jenna could do, she should try it herself. If she couldn’t do it, then no one else, besides Jenna, could either. 
Cass emptied her mind of all thoughts and worries. She pictured in her mind their cabin in the mountains. She pulled from memory, a rainy day she’d been out hunting while Jenna had gone to town with her father. Her mind focused on that day. She pictured the house, the rain, and her front porch, then opened the portal. Stepping through, she found herself on the long front porch looking right at the front door. Stunned, she entered the house, and looked around; unsure of whether she just happened to be there on a rainy day, or if she had truly gone back in time. The calendar hanging on the kitchen wall showed that today’s date was April 15. But it was October 29, two days before Halloween. At least that’s what day it had been at the Citadel. 
She moved into the bedroom. The long mahogany dresser that Dan insisted they buy was covered in family pictures. Sorrow overwhelmed her. She had been so busy with everything else, she hadn’t fully taken the time to mourn her lost husband. 
Cass lay on the bed, pulled his pillow over her face, and breathed in his scent. 
Outside, there was the sound of a car pulling into the drive. Her time was up. As much as she wanted to see Dan again, she couldn’t take the chance of disrupting the natural flow of time. Hurriedly, she grabbed two pictures from the dresser. In her mind, she pictured her room at the Citadel, created a portal, and left.
Cass returned to her proper place and time, and found a very angry Angie sitting in a chair with Jenna on her lap. 
“Where have you been?”  Angie snarled as she stood and placed Jenna in the chair. “Do you have any idea how long we’ve sat here waiting on you? You have been gone for hours. Jenna was a nervous wreck!  She has some crazy idea that you left because you are mad at her and weren’t coming back.”  
Cass took Jenna in her arms, “Of course I‘m not mad at you, darling. I was just exploring that’s all. I’d never leave you and not come back.”
Angie was not letting it go. “Cass you have been gone five hours. Five hours!  Don’t you think you should at least let one of us know if you’re going to be gone that long?”
“What do you mean I’ve been gone five hours? I haven’t been gone more than ten minutes.”  Cass replied.
“I am telling you that we have been sitting in this room for four hours waiting on you to return. We got here an hour after I picked Jenna up from her lessons, and you were nowhere to be found.”
“But that’s impossible. I just left ten minutes ago!”  Cass exclaimed. Her thoughts became erratic. Time travel works both ways. You can go back and you can go forward. She had gone forward five hours in time. It was impossible. “Angie, please take Jenna and go, I need some time to think. I’ll try to explain everything to you later.” 
“What's going on here? Don’t look at me like that.”
Jenna tugged on Cass’ sleeve. “Mommy, can I have one of those?”  She asked, pointing to the pictures in Cass’ hand. 
“Of course you can,” she said, pressing a small framed picture into her hand. “Baby, you be a good girl for me, okay? Go play with Angie and have a good time. I’m not mad at you; I’m just working on that thing you taught me. And remember what we talked about!”  Cass said as she walked Jenna to the door.
“But--” Angie tried to stop her.
“But nothing. Scoot. I’ll tell you more later.”  Her hand on the small of Angie’s back, she moved her toward the door.
Angie anchored her feet and would not budge.
“This is important, Angie. Extremely so. As soon as I get it all worked out, I will fill you in. Now please take Jenna and go.”  Cass pleaded.
“Fine. But you will tell me about it. I’m not letting this go.”  Angie answered as she took Jenna’s hand in hers.
“I would never expect you too.”  Cass said closing the door behind them.

***

Cass was exhausted. Opening portals was easy work, but opening portals in time was draining. She lay on the bed thinking. If she kept this magic to herself, she could travel back in time and help where she was needed. She could go forward in time, see what was coming, and stop it from happening. Of course, if she went back she would have to be very careful about what she did. No one could know. 
She couldn’t trust anyone with this knowledge. It was just as Minerva had said at the Council meeting, it’s not always that people choose to be dark, and sometimes you are swayed that way through circumstances beyond your control. If someone was tempted to go back and say, save a wife…or a husband. Or a husband. 
The thought echoed through her mind. She couldn’t stop thinking about it. What if she did go back and save Dan? How could that possibly hurt the time line? She was chasing off the unnamed while he lay there dying. If she had been able to chase them off and stay with him at the same time he might have lived!  
Cass drifted off to sleep still arguing with herself about whether changing history was all that dangerous. It was just one life. One life that was insignificant to all others. With the exception of course to her and Jenna, he was not insignificant to them.


Chapter Seventeen
A Stitch in Time Saves …How Many?

Cass was a mess. She paced unceasingly and had started constantly talking to herself. It was obvious that something was on her mind, but she wasn’t sharing it with anyone. During Council meetings she appeared distracted, and many times had to ask the speaker to repeat what was said. She had given up teaching Jenna, saying the child was profoundly skilled in magic and needed no more guidance. 
Liz and Athena had already approached her several times, trying to find out what was wrong. Each time, she would tell them everything was fine, she was working out a plan and would fill them in when it was fully formed. Neither woman was buying the bridge she was selling. Something was definitely up. After several days of her strange behavior, she stopped bothering to attend Council meetings. Gregorio decided to try to talk with her himself. 
Gregorio wasn’t one to eavesdrop, but standing outside Cass’ door, he could hardly stop himself. She was talking so loud that a person would have to be completely deaf not to hear the conversation. There were two distinct sides, but only one voice spoke. The voice definitely belonged to Cass.
“Fine, so if I do it and am not seen, and encounter no one, then how will that possibly harm anything?”
“But if someone does see you, then that could cause everything to fall apart.”
“Okay so I go back, and watch from the trees the first time, and see how it all played out, then I can go back again and make sure that everything turns out all right.”
“But how do you explain him to them?”
“Well I have to figure that one out!”
“You have no idea what you’re doing. This whole thing is insane!”
Gregorio rapped loudly on the door and the conversation stopped. Cass looked bothered when she opened the door. Seeing Gregorio there seemed to upset her more.
“What do you want, Gregorio?”  Her foot tapped with impatience as she waited for his reply.
“Are you well?”  He questioned.
“Of course I am well. Why does everyone keep asking me that?”  
“Most people don’t have intense conversations with themselves, Mother.”  Gregorio snidely replied.
“What did you hear?”  Her voice cracked.
“Nothing really, just you obviously having an argument that made no sense...with yourself.”  Gregorio put his hand against the door, opening it wider.
Cass pushed back, closing the widening gap. “Gregorio, I am extremely busy today. I will tell you the same as I have told the others…I am fine!  I am working out a strategy that will eventually help us all. I want to be sure of it before I bring it to the Council. That is all. If you would all quit pestering me and let me finish, this wouldn’t take nearly as long.”  Cass rolled her eyes and slammed the door.
Dumbfounded, Gregorio stood staring at the closed door. In all the long years he had known the woman, he had never seen her act this way. The overheard conversation made no sense. If she hadn’t done it already, the woman was well on her way to losing her mind. He went directly to Athena and told her what had transpired. Together, they called in Michael, Liz, and Angie and relayed the story to them. All were at a complete loss as to what was happening to Cass.
“Do you think that maybe all this magic is getting to her?”  Angie asked.
“I don’t think that is it, dear. Minerva is with her frequently, and she would have noticed a darkness seeping in. I think this is something else.”  Athena replied.
“I don’t think we should leave her alone.”  Liz said hesitantly.
“Me either.”  Angie agreed.
Finally, Michael told them that he felt it would be in Cass' best interest if someone watched her at all times. It was not that he didn’t trust her, just that her obviously irrational behavior could be dangerous for everyone. 
“It has to be someone she would never suspect,” he said. 
All eyes turned to Angie. 
“Hey!”  She exclaimed. “She is not going to let me get out of my duties with Jenna anyhow. Besides, do you know what she could do to me if I make her mad?”
“Liz, it should be you. She would never suspect you, and with your expertise in magic, you could easily disguise what you are really doing with wanting to learn more.”  Athena said.
“Great. Fan-freaking-tastic.”  Liz answered.
Michael squeezed her arm. “She’s right. It should be you.”
So it was settled. Liz was to be the Council’s spy and keep watch over Cass. That was an easy order to give, but nearly impossible to do. Cass didn’t want to be bothered, and every time Liz tried to spend time with her, she sent her to Minerva claiming that the girl’s great-grandmother would be better suited to explain things to her. Liz had finally taken to standing outside the woman’s door, trying to hear what was said, and following her discreetly when she left. That worked fine for a couple days, until Cass stopped leaving her room altogether. 

***

She was back and trying to control her emotions. Each time she went back to that place, it became harder for her to focus and regain her strength when she returned to her own time. She’d already been there seven times, watching Dan and Jenna die over and over. After her first departure to that time, it had become apparent that she was destined to save them. In fact, she must have already saved Jenna. 
As she watched, Jenna had been torn from her child safety seat and devoured by the Unnamed. The shock of seeing such a horrendous thing kept her from running out and killing every last one of them. 
All this time they thought that Jenna had been unconscious and hidden in the brush, but that was not the case. Cass had saved her daughter. Knowing that, she tried to figure a way to save both her child and husband. When they attacked the small car, the Unnamed hit it from both sides. Jenna had been killed almost immediately. Cass burst through the door and fought those on the passenger’s side. While she was fighting, the three on the other side of the car had ripped her husband from the vehicle and fed. Somehow, she had to get both of them out, together. 
She had already tried looping back on herself, endeavoring to arrive while she was watching it happen. Cass had hoped that she could get her “other” self, which should have already been there, to help. For some reason, she couldn’t do it. She could go back to the first time it happened, but each time she was there, it was as if the other times she watched had not occurred. 
Cass could do no more that day. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d fed, but she was too tired to hunt. Lying across her bed, she told herself, “Tomorrow. Tomorrow I will save them both.”  

***

Day two of Cass' self-appointed solitude, Liz went to Gregorio. “I don’t know what to do. She hasn’t left the room at all. I’ve tried many times to listen at the door, but I don’t think she’s in there. It is completely quiet. Other times, I hear her rustling around and talking to herself, then it becomes silent again.”
“Have you tried to enter?”
“She keeps it locked.”
Gregorio’s face became vacant as he sent for Athena. “I need you down here.”
“What’s wrong now?”  Athena answered.
“Bring Minerva. We will need her help. Whatever she‘s doing, it has gone too far.”  
“We are coming.”
Gregorio’s eyes focused once again on Liz. “Find Angie and put her at watch. Go get some rest.”

***

An hour into her watch, Angie grew tired of waiting. She left her hiding place and knocked on Cass’ door. 
No answer came. Angie pressed her ear against the door and listened. The only sound coming through the door was the wood crackling in the fireplace. Angie knocked again and then tried to open the door. It was locked. 
“Oh yeah? Well we’ll see about that.”  She said as she forced the handle. A small click sounded as the lock broke.  Cass was nowhere to be found. “Who does she think she is?”  Angie plopped on the bed, crossed her legs, and waited for Cass to return, intending to give the woman a piece of her mind. Maybe the others would tiptoe around her, but Cass was a mother and someone needed to remind her of that!  
She waited for hours. Finally, a portal opened and Cass tumbled through, nearly hitting her head on the wardrobe in the corner. Tattered, ragged, and bleeding, she collapsed on the floor. Angie was by her side in an instant, lifting her gently to the bed. Cass, almost delirious with pain, kept crying out that she couldn’t save them both. 
She grabbed Angie by the shirt, pulled her close, and with a wild crazed look in her eyes whispered, “You have to help me!  We have to save them both. I can’t watch them die anymore!”  As her last word was uttered, Cass lost consciousness. 
“Liz, help!” Angie screamed.
“What’s wrong?”
“She’s back. She’s hurt. Hurry up.” 
Liz entered at full speed, causing the door to crash into the wall. If she had been moving slower, it would have knocked her off her feet as it bounced back and fell off its hinges. 
“She needs blood.”  Angie said. 
Cass' wounds were not healing as they should. 
“Do you know when she fed last?”  Liz asked.
Angie shrugged.
“Michael? How fast can you get here?”
“I’m around the corner.”  
“Can you--”
“Got it.” Michael said as he entered the room carrying a full carafe of blood. Starved as she was, the smell of it brought her around. She drank deeply, and then meekly asked for more. 
“Do you mind?” Liz asked, holding up the empty carafe to Michael.
“I will, but when I get back I want some answers,” he answered as he stormed out of the room.
While he was gone, Cass told the girls what she had been up too.
“Are you insane?”  Asked Angie
“Cass, you know better than to attempt something like that on your own. Why didn’t you come to us?”  Liz scolded.
“I know. I just…I had too--” 
“You had to nothing.”  Angie stopped her mid sentence. “You have an obligation to us and to the Council, and let’s not forget to your daughter. What if you’d died? We’d have lost you both!”
“You don’t understand. I could not take the chance that the Council would find out about her time travel. You saw how they reacted to her learning magic. How do you think they would react to this?”
“We have to tell them. This is too important to keep to ourselves.” Liz answered.
“Right, we tell them and then what? Remember what Minerva said at the meeting? Most don’t choose to be taken over by dark magic, it does it without their knowledge. Do you trust every witch that lives in the Citadel? Every last one of them? Can you?”
Liz and Angie looked at each other in doubt. After the fiasco at the fortress, who was to know whom could be trusted?
“See what I mean? There are only a few we can trust with this. The ramifications of this power are astronomical. We can’t take any chances. Imagine what would happen if a dark witch found out? It would be the end of all of us!  Of everything!”  
Liz tried to calm her down. She was getting hysterical in her plea for secrecy. Both of the girls finally assured her that they wouldn’t tell.
When Cass told them the story of what had happened to Jenna the first time she had returned, Angie and Liz were devastated. “Don’t you see?” she asked them. “I have already gone back and saved her or she would not be here!  I can save Dan too!”
“What if you can’t save him, Cass?”  Liz asked tenderly. “Why isn’t he here if you saved him too?”  
“I don’t know, I haven’t figured that out yet. What if I couldn’t let myself know about this until it was time for me to know? What if I stashed him somewhere safe until after I knew he was saved? If I knew to start with he had been saved, then I wouldn’t have ever tried to go back and save him and found out that Jenna had died.”  Cass was way past the point of making sense. She needed sleep. 
“Look, you just rest. In the morning we will discuss this further.” Liz said as she straightened the blankets around the exhausted mother.
“I don’t think we need to wait till morning.”  Hands on her hips, Angie glared at both of the other woman.
Liz returned her glare and sweetly replied, “I said it’s enough for now. Go tend to Jenna. Shouldn’t she be having a test or something?”
“Wait.”  Cass called out as Angie headed for the door. “Don’t leave yet. You have to promise me. Both of you. You have to promise that you will tell no one until we’ve figured this out together. Just the three of us.”
“Okay, Cass. We promise, don’t we, Angie?”
“Umm,..yeah sure. We promise.”  Angie said glaring at Liz.
Liz winked at Angie and then bent over and pushed the hair out of Cass’ face. “But you have to make a promise in return. Okay?”
“Of course. Anything.”  Cass replied.
“Good. You promise that you will not do one more thing without first telling both Angie and me. Will you do that?”  Liz asked.
Cass thought it over for a few seconds and nodded her head.
“Wonderful. Now you get some sleep. First thing in the morning, we will figure all of this out.” Liz blew out the candles and gently led Angie out the door. 
In the hallway, Angie began to argue with Liz about leaving the woman alone. 
“Shhh. That’s enough. Michael is just around the corner.”
“But--”
“Hello darling.”  Liz said as Michael rushed down the hall. “I’m afraid she won’t need that now, we just got her to sleep.”
“What the hell is going on around here?”  Michael asked.
Liz smiled, nodded at Angie, and led a ranting Michael back down the hall.

***

The next morning, head cleared, and wounds healed, Cass went out to hunt. She looked better than she had in days; she almost had a smile on her face as she left the Citadel. After she returned, she called Liz and Angie to her. She finally had it all figured out, she knew exactly what she needed to do. The solution was simple. She didn’t know why she hadn’t thought of it before. She would take Liz with her!  Liz already knew portal magic, so there was no danger of her being caught unaware. She was an extremely capable killing machine, so she should have no problem taking the three Unnamed on Dan’s side of the car. The only real problem was stopping her past self from seeing the future versions of themselves.
When the girls arrived, Cass told them what she wanted to do. Liz was to go with her and Angie would stay behind to create a diversion. Both of them were flabbergasted. They both thought that Cass had finally gone off her rocker. Even if Angie kept the others at bay, Michael would know immediately that Liz had left the castle. How was she to explain an unauthorized departure? He would be furious if he knew that she was even thinking about going through with Cass' hair-brained scheme. And how in the world were they going to stop Cass' past self from seeing either of them jump out and attack the Unnamed surrounding the car? 
Angie sat there listening to the two argue and finally said, “It’s too bad we can’t mesmerize ourselves, Cass, then you could just make yourself remember that you weren’t there.”  
Cass and Liz’s jaws dropped at the exact same time. Cass started laughing so hard she doubled over. Liz just smiled and shook her head. 
Angie gave both of them a nasty look and folded her arms across her chest. “It wasn’t that freaking funny!  I’m just saying that it’s too bad we can’t do that.”
Cass had stopped laughing, but was still smiling. “Who says we can’t, genius?”
They agreed that Cass would try one more time, and Liz would go with her. Cass was pretty sure that if she knew herself (and she did), that seeing them both there would stop her in shock, but after a few seconds, she would turn and fight off the Unnamed. Once they had saved both Jenna and Dan, they would wait for her “other” self to return to the vehicle and Cass would glamour herself. The only major concern was what to do with Dan to keep him out of the way until they had returned from saving him. 
“I’d take him to the cabin to keep him safe, but I’ve been there recently, and I know he isn’t there.”  
“I thought you told me that when you went to the cabin it was last year?”  Liz said.
“Of course. It was last year. As of right now, I am deciding right now that no matter what, I am taking Dan to our cabin in the mountains for safekeeping.”  Then with a conspirator’s look on her face, she said, “You know what we do now?”
“What?”  Liz and Angie asked in unison.
“We go to the cabin and see if he is there. If he is there right now, then we have already saved them both and will know exactly what to do.”  She laughed.
Incredible as it sounded, it made perfect sense to check ahead of time to see if they could actually pull this off. At least as much sense as could be made when discussing time travel and alternate time lines. 
Without waiting, Cass created a portal and jumped through. Liz and Angie followed her. They came out in the middle of Cass' living room. Cass was enfolded in the arms of a man, kissing him with all her might. 
Angie and Liz looked each other, then at Cass and her husband, and started laughing. Liz patted Cass on the shoulder saying, “Come on, Casanova, let’s go save this man and you can pick up right where you left off.” 

***

They jumped straight from Cass' home to the primary time when the event occurred, and took out most of the Unnamed without much trouble. Cass was powerful, and Liz was second only to Michael, in killing techniques. The primary Cass gave them little trouble, shocked as she was to see herself there, and allowed future Cass to mesmerize her. Of course, the girls had to explain everything to her to get her to do so. 
They took Jenna just outside the clearing, and Cass planted the seeds of the alternate story that Michael would see, leaving one directive in her head:  walk into the clearing and wait for help. As elaborate as the plan was, it went off without a hitch. Dan was returned to the cabin for safekeeping, and the girls returned to their own time. That is when the actual trouble with their plan began.
Cass and Liz arrived back at the Citadel just a few minutes after they had left. Luckily, Michael didn’t even notice that Liz was gone. Liz went off to find him, while Angie went to  Gregorio and Athena. She was to report to them that Liz had indeed managed to get into Cass' confidence, and that Cass would be taking her on special training missions that were highly sensitive and top secret. Liz was to tell Michael the same thing, and then report right back to Cass. 
“You absolutely will not.”  Michael bellowed slamming his fist on the table. A pewter goblet tipped over and rolled off, hitting the stone floor with a loud clink.
“Oh for Pete’s sake. Be reasonable.”  Liz bent down, retrieved the goblet, and set it firmly on the table.
“The woman came back half dead yesterday. Nobody knows where’s she been or what she’s been up too. And you think I’m the unreasonable one?”
“I already told you she was fighting Unnamed.”  
“By herself.”  Michael said glaring at her.
“I didn’t say that it was a brilliant plan, but she has the right idea.”  Liz walked over to the fireplace, picked up the poker and stabbed at the burning logs.
“And you’ll be doing what exactly? Fighting them with her? Alone?”
After her excursion with Cass, Liz knew she didn’t need a bodyguard anymore. But she couldn’t tell him that. It was hard enough keeping that little secret locked in her mind.
“What?”  Michael said.
“What, what?” 
“You’re keeping something from me.”  Michael crossed the room, grabbed her by the shoulders and turned her to face him. He gazed into her eyes, searching for what he knew was hidden.
“Oh stop. That gets annoying after a while.”  Liz said, looking away.
“Enough of this shit. I’m talking to Cass. She owes me an explanation for her behavior yesterday, if nothing else.”  Michael released Liz and stormed off to Cass’ room.
Cass answered Michael’s pounding on her door, looking deliciously serene. She invited him in, and in true queenly form, proceeded to explain that Liz had talents none of the other vampires exhibited, and that what she was about to teach her, no other except herself, would ever learn. Liz was going to be a secret weapon in the war against the renegades. 
“Like hell she is.”  Michael exclaimed.
“Now Michael, don’t be silly. I’d never put Liz in harm’s way.”  
“And because you’ve shown such restraint recently, I should trust your judgment. Right?”  He said through clenched teeth.
Cass was just about to get nasty with Michael, she even considered glamouring him to shut him up, when he quite unexpectedly gave up. 
Michael was not unintelligent and he had some plans of his own. Throwing his hands in the air, he said, “Fine,” and left the room. 
Cass, Angie, and Liz reconvened a short while later in Cass' room. Cass was desperate to leave the castle and return to her beloved Dan, but before she could, she needed to figure out what to do with him. She didn’t want to leave him alone at the cabin, and returning Jenna to him would be far too dangerous. Jenna was safest in the Citadel with hundreds there to protect her. Bringing Dan to the castle would invite too many questions, and also make her a liar, as everyone had already been told that her husband had died in the attack. 
A human living with that many vampires wouldn’t be a good idea anyhow. Jenna was human, but she had several things going for her. First of all, she was Cass' daughter, adopted or not, surely no one that lived there would touch a hair on her head for fear of the wrath of Cass. Secondly, vampires had an extreme fascination with children (because they were unable to have any of their own) that aided in Jenna‘s safety. Thirdly, Angie was her full-time bodyguard and it would be a death sentence to try to mess with Angie. If Angie didn’t kill them, Athena would!  Dan would not have any of those safeguards in place at the Citadel. 
Yes, he was Cass' husband and Jenna’s father and that might help for a while, but in the end, he was a healthy human male and everyone there had been living on animal blood for months now. Animal blood was fine, it kept you full and the thirst at bay, but the difference between the two was comparable to the difference between a massive chocolate cake and a loaf of bread. Who wants to eat plain white bread when there is chocolate cake available?
The three of them sat for nearly an hour discussing what should, and could be done with Dan. If Cass went to the Council and told them what had happened, then everyone on the Council would know about time portals. Although they emphatically trusted the council members, all of them agreed the information needed to be kept a closely guarded secret. After all the talking and planning, they still could not find a solution to the problem. Angie thought that the easiest and simplest thing to do would be for Cass to turn Dan and bring him in as a newly found vampire. Cass was completely irate that Angie would even think of such a thing. Besides, there was still that matter of Jenna knowing that Dan was her father, and even if she swore the girl to secrecy, there was no telling if she might slip up and call him daddy. They had to figure out something and do it quickly. 
Monroe and his minions did not know about Cass as far as they knew, but they did know about Liz and Angie, and knew both of their scents. If they were actively searching for Michael and the others, they would be focusing on both of the girls. There was no way that Michael would leave Liz, and everyone knew that finding her would mean finding him. Both of the girls had been to the cabin, which meant that Dan was no longer safe there.
"Let’s just explore all the possibilities.”  Liz said. “I’ll play devil’s advocate and you two shoot my ideas down as they come, if they aren’t feasible.”
“Fine,” agreed Cass.
“Shoot.”  Angie replied.
“All right we know we can’t bring Dan here as a human, and Cass does not want him turned.”  Liz said looking askance at Cass.
“That is out of the question.”  Cass responded.
“So if we can’t do either of those things then what about putting Dan somewhere else that is safe? Like maybe my family’s house? Or we could take him to another witches family?”  Liz asked.
“We can’t do that.”  Angie answered back. “If we do that then someone would need to be told why he is important and needs to be kept safe.”
“You're right.” Liz agreed. Then looking into Cass' eye’s, Liz spoke softly, “Cass, Dan should really be in on this conversation. I know that you love him and he is yours, but it is his future, and he should know the dangers. He should be given a choice on what happens next. Besides, Jenna is his daughter too.”
“I know, you’re right, we do need to discuss this with him. I’ve gotten so used to running the show, that I have forgotten to take his feelings into consideration. Angie, if you will go to Jenna, Liz and I will go have a talk with Dan.”  Cass answered.

***

Sitting in the cabin in front of the fire, Liz felt as if her whole life were now surreal. It was so strange to be sitting in the human world, in a mortal home. Cass spoke quietly with Dan in the kitchen. She had wanted time alone with him to explain, in detail, everything that had happened, and everything that was about to happen. Every so often, Liz would hear Dan’s voice raised in shock and sometimes anger. With her supernatural hearing, she could easily hear every word of their conversation, but she was trying to block it out.
“What do you mean she can’t come home?”  Dan queried. “She is my daughter, and this is her home!”
“She would not be safe here. You need to understand. All these things she has been able to do since infancy, have grown exponentially, Daniel. Her natural psychic ability makes her as unsafe here as it does in my world. If mortals knew what she could do, she would be taken to some secret lab to be tested repeatedly by scientists trying to figure out how and why she does the things she can do. My world is dangerous too, that is a given. There is a war going on now and she will be targeted by the other side, but at least at the Citadel there are hundreds of vampires and witches to protect her. It’s like I have been telling you for the last several years, not all are like me. Those that are not, would kill a child her age with no conscience what-so-ever. I have already watched Jenna die many times; I will not see it happen again!”  
Dan sat in silence, trying to process all the information his beloved Cass had given him. He was used to dealing with things that seemed far-fetched. Living with Cass for the last several years, and knowing her history, he had become accustomed to fantastic tales. This insanity, with him and especially his daughter at the center, was almost too much to comprehend. 
He thought for a short time looking down at the old oak table, then looked into her eyes and spoke, “You know how I feel about dishonesty. You know that I love you, and that you and Jenna are my life. I have sat here all these months without you, waiting for your promised return. Sometimes I got angry with you for leaving me here alone, even though you told me Jenna and I were in danger, and that you would return for me. I am a man Cassiopeia, a man. I can’t live in submission to you. I don’t want to live that way. I want to be your partner, like I have been all this time. If it is as you say, and we are in danger, then I can only see one solution to the problem; you must tell the Council the truth and stop living this lie, and you must turn me so that we can finally be equals.”  His face gave no room for quarrel; his mind was made up. 
Cass exhaled in utter despair. It was the one thing that she had never wanted for him. The one thing she had sworn she would never do intentionally. She had spent thousands of years in exile and for the most part alone, just to keep from doing that one particular thing. Now, after all of that, the one man that she had loved above all others was telling her that it had to be done, and she had no choice. 
Liz thought it prudent to enter into the conversation at that point, afraid that fireworks would erupt from Cass. She nonchalantly walked into the adjoining kitchen, stretching as if stiff from sitting so long. Cass was staring at Dan in horror and Dan was returning her look with a stubborn glare. She looked at Liz and begged her to explain to him why she could not do this thing that he asked. Walking over to Cass' chair, Liz placed her hand on the woman’s shoulder, compassion for her friend’s situation overwhelmed her, but she knew that Dan was right. Realizing that Liz agreed with her husband, Cass sighed in resignation saying, “all right, but you do it, Liz. I cannot bear to take his life.”
“I can’t do it, Cass. It has to be you. You love each other. We can’t afford, for the sake of the connection, for anyone else to turn him. You know that.”  Liz replied apologetically. “But first I think we need to take him before the Council and explain things. It wouldn’t do for our fearless leader to break Council law. That would seriously jeopardize your standing with the entire vampire nation.”
“Right.” she said. “Of course you are right. Well we might as well get it over with, so let’s just get going.”
Liz cautioned both Cass and Dan, that a return to the cabin might endanger them, so they packed a few bags, and made ready for an extended stay at the Citadel.  Cass insisted they take plenty of food for Dan and Jenna both; she was still not convinced that she would have to turn him. At least not right away. Loaded down like pack mules, they entered the portal and returned to Cass’ unexpectedly occupied room. 


Chapter Eighteen
The Problem With Carnivores Is That They Eat Meat.

Liz stepped out of the portal coming face-to-face with Michael. Gregorio and Athena had taken the large chairs by the fire. Feeling a push from behind, Liz stumbled to the side to let Dan and Cass through. The second Dan came into view, Gregorio’s eyes narrowed, and his face turned red.
“What are you doing here?” asked Cass as she dropped the bags on the floor.
Gregorio bellowed, “What in the world are you thinking? Bringing a human into the nest? Have you lost your mind?”  
Athena’s head moved from side to side while she repeated, “This is not good. Not good at all.” 
Michael grabbed Liz by the shoulders, moving her away from Dan and Cass. “Of all the ridiculous--if you had one thought in your--how could you even think--”  
Liz put her hands on Michael’s chest and said, “Okay, everyone just calm down. We were coming to talk to you anyway, so it’s better that you are all here where we can talk in private.”  Pausing just long enough to give Michael an--I have this handled look--she went on, “This will go smoothly, if you will sit down and listen.”
“Listen?”  Michael said pointing an accusatory finger at Cass. “Of all the things she’s done, this has to be the stupidest--”
“Enough. Michael, shut up!”  Liz shoved him onto the bed, then turning said to the others, “Everyone, sit down and be quiet. What we have to tell you is important. We’re wasting time with all this stupidity.”
“Humphf.”  Gregorio huffed and returned to his seat.
“There now, that’s better. Cass, why don’t you tell them, from the beginning, what's happened.”

***

While they talked, absolutely everything was put on hold. There were no Council meetings, no hunting; the entire place was put on lock down. Anyone that came to the door was immediately sent away, and many came to the door. The scent of human blood had already spread several levels down, and everyone wanted to know why. Finally tired of the interruptions, and still needing secrecy, Angie was placed on guard duty and told not to allow anyone near the door. At some point, Athena decided that Minerva needed to be involved in the conversation, and sent for her. When she arrived, they started over, retelling Jenna‘s discovery and how it led to Cass and Liz saving Jenna and her father.

***

Minerva barely listened to the vampire’s discussion about the turning of Daniel. She was full of her own thoughts about time portals. That kind of magic was deadly. With the use of such knowledge, they could strike a blow to the renegades that would be swift and sure. Possibly, they could eradicate all of the renegades before they even had time to set the explosives at the fortress. But changing time lines is very tricky business. Theoretically, saving some could cause others to die and changing the past always made for a different future. Even though it appeared, that in this one instance that hadn’t happened, it was still a possibility. 
Minerva had no opinion on the turning of Daniel. As far as she was concerned, she didn’t care whether Cass' husband was immortal or human. However, if he were turned, wouldn’t it just be a matter of time before the child was turned as well? Why would the child want to remain a mortal, when her mother and father both were immortal, and how could both of her parents watch her grow old and die? Minerva was adamantly against the turning of Jenna. Creating a 'super' vampire that was unstoppable and invincible was ludicrous. 
She was also strongly against anyone but the Council finding out about time portal magic. Even in her own coven, there were witches she would not trust with such knowledge. She didn’t know if she even trusted herself knowing that she could go back and change the past. What if going back and changing something so changed the future, that they never learned to make time portals, and could not go back and make it right? Then for sure Jenna and her father would die, and maybe countless others. All of these thoughts ran through her mind so quickly that she couldn’t pay attention to what the others were saying. Lost in her own thoughts, she ignored the rest of the room.

***

It was decided by all there, except Minerva who was still engrossed in her own thoughts, that Dan should be brought before the Council. Provided the Council agreed with Cass' decision, he would be turned. The full Council would have to be informed of Cass' discovery of time portals, but Jenna’s ability to create them would be left out of the telling. There were already a few council members who were unsure of Jenna’s magical training. Informing them of her part in this would only add fuel to the fire. 
Dan only had one request; he wanted to ask Jenna if she would be okay with him changing. Jenna was used to being around vampires, but she was also used to her father being like her, and he didn’t want to do anything that would scare her. Should Jenna consent to Dan‘s change, then he would abide by the Council’s ruling. 
When everything had been thoroughly discussed, Cass called a Council meeting and moved the entire group, by portal, to the Council chambers. Although his scent permeated the castle, it was still not prudent to announce his arrival by parading him through the corridors.
“This is outrageous.”  Tiberius bellowed as his hand slapped the table.
“Truly.”  Rene agreed.
“Do you have any idea what kind of mess this could cause?”  Callista asked.
“I understand your feelings in this matter, but--” 
Tiberius cut Gregorio off while glaring at Cass, “Understand? How could you keep something of this magnitude from us? Time travel? You’ve gone back in time and changed history for your own selfish purpose. What use is a Council with no leader? You could have been killed.”
“I understand. I wasn’t sure when this began that it would even work.”
“Preposterous!  I propose we take a vote on the mental stability of our leader.”  Tiberius stood arms folded across his chest in total defiance of Cass.
“I agree.”  Michael chimed in.
Liz stood and moved to stand behind Cass, silently giving her support. Athena, taking a cue from Liz, joined her. Both woman, eyes cold and glaring, stared at Tiberius.
Gregorio shook his head and cast his gaze over the other council members. “Is this what we’ve come too then? Not a full year together and already this Council is divided?”
“No.”  Rene rose from his seat to face his friend. “No, Tiberius. We’ve not come to this. What’s done is done.”
Tiberius conceded and once again took his seat.
Gregorio cleared his throat, nodded to Tiberius and continued, “Moving on, we need a vote on turning the man.” 
Dan’s turning was insignificant to them. He was Cass' partner, and as far as they were concerned, his turning was between the two of them. The only ruling they made on his change was that it should be done immediately, so as to not upset the balance they had finally achieved in their new home. There were one hundred and ninety mortals at the Citadel, off and on, but these were witches and untouchable to vampires. It was definitely not the same thing as having fresh human blood on hand. While the Council continued their discussion about time portals and their potential use, Dan, with Liz as guardian, was taken to see his daughter. 
“Daddy!”  Jenna squealed in delight when he entered her room. She ran across the room and jumped into his arms.
Dan threw her up in the air making her squeal again. “Did you miss me, pumpkin?”
“Duhhhh.”  Jenna, her tiny hands on both of his cheeks, planted kisses all over his face.
“I’m guessing you did.”  He said as he hugged her.
Once Dan had her settled down enough to talk, he explained briefly what had happened, leaving out the most scary and dangerous aspects of the story. Jenna was wide-eyed and full of awe, hearing the tale of their rescue, by her mother and Liz. 
“What do you mean? How can you be like Mommy?”  Jenna asked.
“Well Mommy can make me just like her.”  Dan answered.
Jenna’s little mouth drew up as she thought. She squinched her eyes causing her nose to wrinkle. “But if you’re like Mommy then I will be different.”
“Yes, you will. But when you are grown, you can be like mommy too.”
Liz, knowing how Cass felt about that topic, grew uncomfortable with the direction the conversation was heading. “Now Jenna, your Dad can’t stay here if he’s not like your Mom. It would be too dangerous for him. Don’t you want him to be safe?”
Jenna stomped her foot and yelled, “You stay outta this!  That’s my Daddy.”
“Jenna!”  Dan raised his voice and pointed at her.
Stomping her foot again, she stalked into the corner and pouted.
“Young lady, you are not too old to get a good sound spanking. Do you hear me?”
She looked up, tears in her eyes and said, “Yes sir.”
Watching the two of them together almost brought a tear to Liz’s eyes. She hadn’t thought much about having children. When she was mortal, there was plenty of time to start a family. Now that she was not, she chose not to think about it. There’s no use crying over spilled milk, if you can’t, then you can’t, she thought. Nonetheless, a seed of yearning had planted itself in Liz’s heart. 

***

After the Council had disbanded for the day, Cass joined the girls and her little family. Liz and Angie stayed for just a few minutes, and then decided that it would be best to let them spend some time alone. Jenna was in the middle of bombarding her parents with questions when the girls took their leave.
Back at their room, Michael and Liz were having a not so quiet argument. Michael was still furious that Liz had not informed him of Cass' plan ahead of time, and that she would intentionally take on three Unnamed knowing the danger involved. Liz’s “all’s well that ends well” approach, only seemed to make him angrier. Exhausted, hungry, and in no mood for the fight, she needed rest, but let Michael rant until he finally gave up. 
Begrudgingly, he offered to go hunt for her so that she could get some rest.
“Michael, this had all been very big, and some of it very scary. What I really need right now is for you to just lie down and hold me.” 
“How do you ignore the magnitude of what you have done?” 
“I can feel the magnitude.  Trust me, in every inch of my body I feel it, but it is done now and although I could go back and change it, I wouldn’t. In my heart I know this how it should be. I can’t--no I won’t--be sorry for setting things right and giving Cass back the love of her life.”  
Michael sighed and crawled into bed with her. Tenderly taking her in his arms, he kissed her forehead, and said, “Do you have any idea what would happen to me if I lost you?” 
“Yes. That is exactly why I did what I did for Cass. I know exactly how it would have been had it been me that died that night instead of Dan.”  Her mouth opened in a wide yawn, she closed her eyes, and slept.
The Council had given Cass twenty-four hours to turn Dan. Being a man, and human, Dan spent his last twenty-four hours eating and spending time with his family. Knowing that human food would never again taste good to him, he decided to eat everything that was his favorite in those last hours. 
Liz had been brought in on the rather difficult procedure of acquiring Dan’s favorite food items. He had an enormous appetite, so filling him up became a game for Liz and Cass. They made portals to take them to burger joints, and steak houses, bakeries for deserts, a pizza parlor, and even a produce stand for fresh tomatoes and cucumbers. The latter taking them to Australia, as they were still in season there. It took seven trips to satiate the man. 
Jenna thoroughly enjoyed her father’s last suppers, as they jokingly called the meals obtained. Both Jenna and her father were so full from feasting they ended up needing to take naps. 
As evening approached, and the hour for Dan’s turning grew closer, Cass' festive mood dwindled. There was a slight chance the turning would not take, and Dan could end up an Unnamed. There was an equal chance that the connection might not take on the aspects of wife to husband, but of something entirely different. It was dangerous business turning a mortal immortal.
“You know you cannot see her for at least several days.”  Cass said, still hoping to change his mind.
“I won’t hurt her. I can’t. You know me, Cass.”  Dan replied taking her hand. 
Their eyes met. Cass searched his face for a tell tale sign that everything would be all right. After several moments, her gaze drifted from his face to the child sleeping on the bed.
“I want this. I want to be able to protect my family.”  Dan reached out and caressed her cheek, wondering if it would still feel cold to him after he’d turned.

***

When the designated hour arrived, Jenna hugged and kissed her father and was taken to her own room. Dan had held the child and told her how much he loved her, and that she would need to be brave and very patient. “I will see you again as soon as your mother says it's safe. All right, baby?” 
“Okay, daddy, but don’t take too long, okay? I still have a bunch of things to tell you!”
Cass had chosen to be alone with Dan during his turning, but had stationed Michael, Liz, and Gregorio outside the door should anything unusual happen. Angie and Athena weren’t invited, but they were there anyway, waiting with the others, with strict orders not to enter should anything bad happen. 
Tension in the corridor was high. Chances were slim that a turning wouldn’t take, but the possibility was always there. 
It only took a few minutes. Cass had throughout the day, taken blood from him three times, each time hoping that she would not be required to do the final act, hoping, beyond hope that he would change his mind. Bitterly, she tried one last time to talk sense into him, and seeing that he would not give in, gave up and gave him her blood. 
His pain was excruciating, not having the luxury of running scared for his life like Liz, he had nothing to focus on except the torture his body endured. To Cass, it seemed a lifetime had passed watching her husband suffer in such extreme agony. After just two minutes, she called out to Michael and the others for help, thinking that something must be wrong. The only other turning she had witnessed had been Gregorio, but being so close to death already, he had not suffered. For him, it had been a relief from the pain he had already endured. 
Just as they entered the room, thinking the worst must have happened, Dan went silent. His face went pale, at the same time his hair became luminescent, and his eyes began to shine with the brilliance of an amber-colored jewel. Then his body, already muscled and fit, took on the appearance of raw natural strength, muscles visually hardening and growing larger. It all happened in an instant and then he stood, the thirst upon him. He looked at Cass and the others, recognition on his face, then sniffed the air and growled. Before he could take off, Michael and Gregorio held him, one on each side, while Cass opened a portal to take him hunting. They all stepped through.
Dan’s appetite had not diminished with being turned; he had already taken down five large deer and still was not satisfied. Athena and Gregorio were very concerned, if Dan could not control his thirst with fresh blood from animals, there would be no way he could be allowed around Jenna. After the sixth, he was finally filled. 
Not bothering to wipe the dripping blood from his chin, Dan looked around at the forest and sky. “Oh, ho, ho. Someone’s been keeping secrets.”  He flexed his arms and grinned as his biceps bulged. Power coursed through him. His eyes grew wide as he looked at Cass. “All this time. You could have done it years ago, but instead you withheld it from me?”
A chill went through Cass’ body. “I couldn’t do it to you.”
“Couldn’t? Or wouldn’t?”  Dan’s eyes narrowed. He turned from her and slammed his fist into a tree. The tree broke apart like a Popsicle stick, sawdust and splinters exploded in every direction. Dan let out a maniacal laugh and smashed into another one. Grinning, he looked at Michael and Gregorio. “How do you ever get used to this power? You people are nuts!  You could rule the world.”
.Cass' eyes were full of fright; she had never seen a newborn react this way. What if he couldn’t be stopped? What if she couldn’t control him?
Gregorio leaned over and whispered in her ear, “Enough. Rein him in. He is your responsibility. Take control before he loses it completely.”
Cass approached him, took his face in her hands, and looked deep into his eyes. After a few minutes, his breathing slowed, and his mind returned to him. She held his gaze for a few moments more, and then released him. “It is finished. He is mine now, the connection has been established. He will not waiver from my will.”  
Cass should have been happy, everything went relatively smoothly, but she was not. In fact, she was absolutely miserable. The one thing he had wanted most; to be her equal, was the one thing he would not have. He was hers in every way now, no different from any other vampire in the Citadel, with her age and control; he might as well have been her slave. 
The troupe quietly returned to the castle. After seeing Cass and Dan to their room, they each drifted off to their own dwellings to let the couple have some privacy. Cass felt broken, her spirit so injured by what she had done, that she had a difficult time even talking to Dan. He was full of questions that, as a mortal, he had never even thought to ask. Cass dutifully and dully answered each one. They went to bed soon after, spending their first night as immortals together. Even falling asleep with the knowledge that she would never need to be parted from him again did nothing to raise Cass' spirits. Her last thought, before slumber took her was, “What have I done?”

***

Cass woke with Jenna screaming in her mind. 
“Mommy!”  
“What’s wrong?”
“Angie is killing Daddy!  Mommy, help him!”
“I’m coming, baby. Stay away from him.”
She created a portal and jumped directly into Jenna’s room. Angie and Dan were engaged in deadly combat. Dan’s body heaved with the force of each of Angie’s blows, but he never slowed. Michael and Gregorio circled the two, trying to stop the fight, but the combatants moved so fast they couldn’t latch on to either of them. Liz was screaming at them all to calm down, while Athena held a terrified Jenna in her arms. Cass' voice boomed in the room, “Stop this right now!”
Immediately Dan stood still. Angie, in no mood to give up, had to be restrained by Michael and Liz. Both vampires had bloodied wounds, but Dan had certainly taken the worst of the two. 
Angie still entangled in her rage at Dan blurted out, “He started it. He came in here looking for Jenna and you know that’s not allowed. Then he tried to glamour both of us into letting him be alone with her.”  She looked at Liz waiting for the other girl to chime in. 
“He did do that, Cass.”  She released her grip on Angie, and brushed the hair out of her face. “We told him he was not allowed here. Then he jumped over us and tried to grab Jenna. We had no idea what he would do to her, so we had to try to stop him.”
“What are you doing in our daughter’s room?”  Cass coldly asked her husband.
“I just wanted to see her. She is my daughter.”  Dan hissed.
“You were already told that it was not safe, Daniel. All of us gave you fair warning of what might happen if you see her too soon.”  Cass replied. She stood motionless, face drawn tight in fury.
It was obvious to all those gathered there that the thirst was upon him. There was no doubt in any of their minds what his motives were. Cass did not have the grip on the man that she should have, and he had no grip on himself whatsoever. The thing that Cass feared most, after entering his newly-changed mind the night before, had come to fruition. Jenna’s most dangerous enemy at the Citadel was her own father.


Chapter Nineteen
The Seer

Michael and Gregorio, with the help of Liz and a portal, had taken Dan to hunt again. Cass stayed to comfort a completely terrified Jenna. Athena had sent all the by-standers watching from the hall to perform their daily duties and tended to Angie’s now healing wounds. She was certain not much would be accomplished that day, as the entire castle was in an uproar at hearing “their” beloved Jenna was nearly attacked and eaten by her own father nonetheless, who shouldn’t even be there because he was supposed to be dead, and human. 
Cass stood at the door, taking one last look at her daughter before resting her eyes on Angie. “Thank you. This is the second time you’ve saved her life.”
“I will always protect her. You should know that by now.”  Angie met her gaze. “You have to do something about him. She’s not safe with him here.”
Cass’ gave her one curt nod and turned to leave.
“Cass?”
She looked over her shoulder.
“The next time…I’ll kill him.”
She nodded once again and shut the door behind her.
Cass sat by the fire in her room mulling over what she had seen in Dan’s mind the night before. She hadn’t told the others. She was certain they would destroy him if they knew. There was voraciousness inside him now, a thirst not just for blood, but power as well. In the years she had known him, Cass had never witnessed that part of him. She knew he hungered for excitement and adventure, that was probably one of the things that kept him with her. What could be more exciting than taking a vampire to bed every night? His thirst for power shocked her. Power hungry people tend to be successful in the mortal world, power hungry vampires generally turn evil. She could not stomach the thought of Dan turning evil, nor could she stand knowing that it would be up to her to hand down his death sentence, should he end up that way. 
The problem wasn’t that she couldn’t control him. She couldn’t put her whole heart into doing it. She had to pull herself together. She was torn between her love of Dan, and the need to keep him in check. Beyond that, she had a responsibility to the Council and all of the members of the vampire nation that lived there. She owed these people. She had brought them all together and given them hope; to fail them now would be appalling. 
Cass thought hard while Dan hunted, and resolved herself to taking him over completely and with no reservations. Once he had worked through the thirst, finding out that he had killed his only child would devastate him. Allowing Dan to turn into the kind of ferocious monsters they were fighting against was not an option.
When Dan returned, she didn’t bother with discussion. Unwilling to waste precious time, she went straight to him and entered his mind. Dan’s will was strong. He battled her from the onset of her mental intrusion. He was determined to keep his own will, and she was unwavering in her effort to break it. They stood; eyes locked together in mental combat, both fighting for control of Dan’s will. The connection between the two was strong, but it did not have the strength of the love that they had shared. Although that love still existed, it was subservient to the power that inhabited his once mortal body. She was exhausted when she finally gained control of his will. 
Cass gazed into his eyes hoping for a sign that this time the connection had taken. Rebellion bloomed as if lit by an internal fire. She sighed and looked away. Not here. They couldn’t stay here. It was just too dangerous. 
“Jenna?”
“Yes, Mommy?”
“I need you to tell Auntie Liz and the others something for me.”
“You’re leaving? Why are you leaving?”
“Don’t jump ahead sweetheart. I will get--”
“I see it. I understand. How long till Daddy is better?”
“Soon, I hope.”
“But if I need you, you’ll be at our house, right?”
“Yes, baby. I love you.”
“I love you too!”
Cass opened a portal and took them through to their cabin. The cabin might not have been the safest destination, but it was the only place they could be truly alone. 
Nestled in the woods of the Ozark Mountains, the cabin was miles away from human beings. Cass felt good being in her own home again. She had missed the place sorely, and even with Jenna’s absence, she felt at peace in her mountain refuge. Cass spent the first few nights teaching Dan what he needed to know to remain safe and keep the secret. She also saw to it that he started his immunization to daylight immediately. With any luck, being newly-made, he would acquire this immunity as quickly as Liz. Surprisingly, she could already handle sunlight for thirty minutes at a time. Thirty minutes doesn’t sound like much, but to a vampire who sees nothing but the darkness of night; it is a gift to surpass all others.
While Cass and her husband were away, the Council returned to business. There was still a battle to be fought and won. The renegades were still out there killing innocent people. The Council, in its entirety, wanted to avoid using time portals. It was forbidden. Having already made the mistake of teaching too many how to create ordinary portals, they needed to make certain no one “accidentally” discovered they could be used to travel through time. They needed to find the main renegade army and gather intel, but they still did not have any idea how to go about doing it. They finally caught a break when a visitor arrived at the Citadel.
For two nights the sentries, and Michael, watched the man camped just to the south of the Citadel. During the day, the witches took over; his whereabouts were known at all times. He was still more than three miles away, and although he wasn’t moving any closer, he wasn’t leaving either. He was definitely human, they could tell that much, and aged from the appearance of him. Everyone in the castle was directed to be aware of him and stay away. Even hunting in that part of the forest was off limits. The man had entered their domain quietly without any fuss, and set up a camp. Michael was trying to figure out if he was just a human camping, or worse, they had been found and he was bait. 
The man gave no tell tale signs to what he was about. He neither hunted nor fished. He had built a large fire that he kept going at all times, as if he were trying to gain someone’s attention or possibly to keep something away. For hours each day, the man would sit and write in a small notebook, only looking up for a few seconds as if in deep thought. 
On the third day, the man started behaving oddly. He walked in circles around the fire, talking to himself. The witches notified Michael immediately, but as it was during the day, he could not venture out to see what was going on. With an energy that seemed far too lasting for a man of his age, the old man continued to walk the fire throughout the rest of the day.  Stopping only periodically for a rest, he would continue walking and quietly talking. At sundown, Michael was at the man’s camp. 
Standing just outside the man’s line of sight, Michael listened to what he was saying. He couldn’t place whatever language the man was speaking. The words were completely unfamiliar, but the tone’s and inflections, had an almost musical sound. Michael had watched for an hour, when the man suddenly came to a stop and gazed into the fire. He seemed to be looking for something within the flames that shot up high into the darkened sky, then quickly turned and motioned to Michael to look into the fire. 
Michael was dumbfounded; there was no way the man could possibly know he was there. Again, and much more impatiently this time, the man waved his arm and motioned to Michael to join him by the fire. Michael remained still and quiet. 
Finally, sounding a bit irate, the man spoke to him, “Don’t just stand there, boy!  Get over here and have a look!  I’ve been at this all day, and don’t have no time for tom foolery. Besides that, you’re gonna miss the best part!”  
Michael entered the camp warily, not knowing what to make of the situation. The old man motioned to him to hurry, and peered back into the flames. Staying several feet away from the kooky old timer, Michael peered into the flames. Instantly, shapes began to form in the fire. Fascinated, Michael leaned in closer to get a better look. 
First, a baby crying in its mother's arms, and then the shapes took the form of several people having an argument. As one scene dissolved, another one took its place. The fortress in the flames, first whole, then collapsing. Then the Citadel and the battle with Sekhmet, changing into the arrival of the other vampires and the settling of the occupants. Then he saw Cass creating the time portal and going back with Liz to save Dan and Jenna. The flames went black for a few seconds. 
Michael gasped as the color of the flames returned, showing him a vast army. Michael knew that it was the renegade army; he could see them prepared to battle those at the Citadel. They were outside the castle, fully armed, swords raised above their heads in triumphant rage. Quickly, the shapes changed again. The baby and mother reformed in the flames. She held the child close. Her body trembled as tears of blood dripped down her face.
While he watched, the baby grew into a child, and then on into a woman. The child had to be Jenna. The beautiful woman wore a crown of gold upon her head. Behind her, another army appeared. Michael, afraid to speak for fear he would miss something, stood quietly watching, and waited as the shapes shifted again. The flames flickered and twisted before shooting up into the air revealing another scene. Bodies filled an open pit. So many, that several hung over the sides. Human bodies. The fire crackled and leapt into the air. When it settled down, the images had disappeared. Michael stared into an ordinary fire. 
Michael‘s eyes left the fire and rested on the man. “Who are you?”
The man chuckled and said, “My name is Brogan, son, and what you saw is your destiny ifin your Council don‘t fix what’s been done.”  
Michael was confused, obviously the man didn’t know as much as he let on, because Michael was far from young. He looked the man in the eye and proceeded to mesmerize him to get the information he wanted. 
Brogan laughed again, and spat into the fire. Turning to walk over to the stump he had been writing on the two days previous, he said, “That don’t work on me, boy. I’m older than the hills and seen that a few times. Now get over here and cop a squat. We’ll do some chit chat, and see what we can come to.”
Michael walked to where Brogan sat and waited for him to continue. 
The old man took out his notebook and leafed through the pages. “Nope, not this one. Not this one either. Hmmm, where did I put that consarned thing?”  He stopped in the middle of the notebook pointing to the page. “Ah there is it. Sit down, boy!  I’ll get a crook in my neck ifin I have to look up at ya. What we got here son, is an old fashioned, oh shitter. Ya’ll got busy doing what ya’ll been doing up there, and didn’t take no time to think about things like time lines and destiny, and ya’ll got us in a real pickle now.”  
The old man kept looking at his notebook as he spoke, waiting for Michael to take a seat. “Ya see right here on this page? That’s the alignment of the stars, and this here ‘quation? That’s the way things might be if …right here this one? Sit down!”  Looking up at Michael, he sternly said, “I’ll not tell ya again, son. Ifin ya wants my help, then ye’ll kindly sit down so’s we can chat proper like.”  
Michael hesitated, still thinking the old man must be crazy. 
Brogan looked at the sky and almost whispered, “Ya ain’t got much time, son, daylight is coming and I’ll not be goin up in that place with all the rest of them blood-suckers.”
Michael sat down quickly then.  The man might be nuts, but he knew something, and it was Michael’s duty to find out what. 
“Now that’s better, aint it? Okay, as I was sayin-- scoot over here so’s you can see now-- this here ‘quation that’s the one that’s the trouble. See here, that’s not supposed to be there, and it weren’t there, till ya’ll up and done what ya done up there with the time line.”  The old man shook his head and made a ticking noise with his mouth. 
Michael ventured to ask him a question, “If I may sir, would you mind telling me how you came to know about us, and who you are?”
“I done told ya my name boy, but I’ll tell ya again ifin your deef. My name is Brogan,  and I’m trying to tell ya that these here ‘quations of mine is what told me something’s wrong with the whole world now, thanks to you and them folks up there. Now I knows that ya’ll aint like them others, and I knows that ya’ll means well, but that don’t change nuttin. What’s done is done, and now we got to fix it. Ya’ll just can’t go changing time lines and think that nothings gonna happen, and that young girl up there weren’t meant to be no vampire queen. That girl were meant for something far bigger than that!”
“You’re speaking of Jenna then?”  Michael asked rubbing his hands nervously on his knees. He didn’t know whether to sit there and listen, or get up and walk away. 
“Don’t know what her name is, son, but her and that other gal’s time lines got messed up a few years back when one of your folks, one of the bad un’s that is, put his nose into business what aint his.”  Brogan leaned in to take a good look at Michaels face. He watched him closely as he said, “Look here, ya’ll got to go back and fix what ya did. It weren’t the savin of the child and the man that did it. It were something else. Now I’m still trying to figure out what they all did back there, but it’s got to be set right, cause ifin ya’ll don’t fix it…the whole world is goin to hell in a hand basket.”


Chapter Twenty
The Star Child

The Council searched for Cass. She was supposed to be at her cabin, but no one had been able to find her. Her scent had grown cold.  They needed to inform her of the new information Brogan had given Michael during the night, but no one knew where to look for her. Minerva left the Council meeting to speak with the man while the others tried to figure out where Cass had gone. 
If the old codger was not completely crazy, they had big trouble on their hands. According to Brogan, he was the last surviving Druid and nearly three hundred years old. The Druid Council, when it was still whole, had spent thousands of years watching and reading the stars. 
Although Druids had use of their own particular kind of magic, what they did was more science than science fiction. They used the alignments of planets, and placements of comets to foretell upcoming events. Things had been off for nearly twenty years, and Brogan had been watching closely. Set to contact them, and let them know what was coming when they were encamped at the old farmhouse, he had missed them by two days. 
Jenna seemed a constant source of trouble for the Council. Her voices wanting them to leave brought back the same old questions. Where did the voices come from? Why wouldn't they want the vampires in contact with Brogan? Why hadn’t the voices been talking to Jenna since their arrival at the Citadel? 
There were answers needed about Brogan and the things Michael saw in the fire. The prophesied “vampire queen” could not have been Jenna, because she was only four, and the person that had been predestined to be the “queen” should be in her twenties. They needed to find out more about the rebel army. If it were as vast as Michael saw in the vision, they would need to recruit more for their own.  Messengers went back and forth from the Council chambers, while the leaders worked on finding answers to their questions.

***

Minerva could hardly contain herself when she heard the old man below was a druid. As far as she was concerned, anything the Council tried to do that day would be pointless without more information from the man. When she was a small child, she had heard that the last of the druids had died. She was in a hurry to get down to him and find out what he knew.
“Well hello there, little missy.”  Brogan said with a big toothless grin. He threw his arms out wide. “Welcome to my humble abode.”
Minerva, feeling a bit like a schoolgirl, giggled and looked down. “I’m so very honored to meet you.”
“Aww shucks, woman. Don’t be like that. Come on in here and have ya a seat.”  Brogan bowed slightly and offered Minerva his stump. “I thought ya might be here sooner, seein as you’re the leader of the witches.”
“How did you know that?”  She asked as she primly sat on the edge of the large stump.
Brogan smiled, winked, and tapped his temple with his index finger. “May I?”  He asked before sitting beside her.
“Of course.”
Grey notebook in hand, he began explaining what brought him to find them. Brogan talked about druid magic, and had many questions about Minerva’s craft. They talked about the constellations, certain stars, and the significance of each. She invited him up to the castle several times during their conversation, but he refused. 
He still didn’t know what changed the time line, and he still couldn’t tell her where the renegade army was located. He did promise to do another incantation that night to find out more if possible. The problem, he told her, was that fire prophecy showed the people looking what concerned them. So the more people to look into it, the more it showed. Minerva arranged for the entire Council to be there an hour after sundown, to watch the shapes in the fire. 
“I don’t understand, Brogan,” Minerva said, “If you won’t go up there because of what they are, then why are you helping them at all?”
“Dearie, I’ve lived these many long years ‘cause I’ve kept my hide outta trouble. Should I decide that life ain’t worth livin no more, then I’ll run right on up there with ya’ll, and hang out with them vamps.”  
“They may need blood to survive Brogan, but they are good people, noble people. I’ve lived with them for months now, most of us have, and we’ve had no trouble whatsoever. In fact, I’m pleased to call several of them friends.”  Her voice was high and tight. She was irritated with his racist--no speciest--view of her new family.
“Little lady, I’ll tell ye one thing, ain’t all up there as supposed to be. Ain’t all of them good and noble people. Has it not bothered ya’ll that those against ya seems to know just exactly what you're about?”  Brogan shook his head, he was dumbfounded that these folks could be so bright, learn so much, and still be stupid. He looked over his shoulders, craning his neck around to search the forest behind him, then cocked his head to the side. He listened for a moment then leaned in and whispered, “Them that wants to do you in, they knows where ya’ll live. They knows exactly how to get in. When the time comes, thanks to some inside, they’s gonna show right up here, and take out every one of you they can. And when they do, that young’in up there’ll be their queen. Now that’s a fact. Stars don’t lie, they tell it straight, whatever it be. And you mark my sayin’, that young’in up there weren’t meant for that, she was meant to do something else.”
“Then who is meant to be queen?”
Brogan grimaced and shrugged. 
“Apparently your stars don’t tell all, just enough to cause trouble and raise suspicions.”  Minerva said as she stood to leave.
“Might be they don’t, but they tells me enough.”  
Minerva headed back towards the castle. Brogan chuckled and shook his head as he watched her stomp away.

***

When Minerva returned to the Council chambers, she told of her meeting with Brogan. Everyone was appalled that there could still be a traitor, let alone many, among them. They had been certain that no one there could have been a spy. William and his ghostly network of detectives were summoned and advised to re-evaluate each occupant of the Citadel until they found the traitor or traitors among them. Level-by-level, the supernatural infiltrators hunted. Not one vampire or witch was overlooked. 
They decided that Gregorio, Athena, Michael, Liz, Minerva, Callista, and Angie with Jenna would meet with Brogan that evening. Athena didn’t want little Jenna involved, but Gregorio felt she needed to be there.
At sundown, the Council met with William and the other ghosts. Once again, William assured them no traitor lived among them. Vampires and witches alike were clear of any darkness or taint to their spirits. They started to wonder again just what was in this for Brogan and if he was an honest man, or just crazy. 
An hour after sundown, they met just outside Brogan’s camp. Michael and Minerva entered first. Impatient, the old man motioned for them to bring the others and be quick about it. He chanted in his singsong language while walking around the fire. As the others entered the camp, he gave them little notice. He walked, motioned for them to be seated, and continued with his preparations. As the flames grew higher and brighter, he motioned for them to come closer, saying, “Now we shall see what we shall see, boys and girls.”  His head tilted back as a maniacal chortle escaped his throat. 
The emissaries from the Citadel had surrounded the fire, when the crazy old coot noticed Jenna standing beside Angie. He let out a howl and started jumping up and down like his feet were on fire. 
Jenna quickly slid behind Angie. Her tiny arms clung to her guardian’s legs. “Please take me home. Please!”  She pleaded.
“Brogan, calm down. You’re scaring the child.”  Gregorio bellowed
“You get that dark child outta my camp right now. Oweeeeeee. I cain’t believe it. You crazy blasted people. There ain’t nary a one of yuns with a brain!”  Brogan wailed still jumping up and down.
“Angie, take Jenna home now.”  Athena said.
Angie pulled Jenna up into her arms, hissed loudly, and disappeared into the forest.
Once Jenna had left the circle, Brogan’s insane rampage began to ease. He was still pacing, cussing up a storm, and making no sense, but at least the howling had stopped.
“Wasted I tell ya. Wasted. All that hard work, all day long, down the drain like it weren’t nothing. Of all the confounded, pigheaded, numb minded…..suffering catfish!  Who’d a thought….You people.”  He went on like that for at least two minutes, until he finally wound down and ran out of steam. He sat down on his stump, pulled out an old red handkerchief, and began to wipe the sweat that poured down his face. All the while shaking his head and muttering to himself. 
It was obvious Brogan was furious, but not a soul there could understand why. It seemed like it was Jenna that brought on the fit, but why would such a dear, sweet youngster, bring about that kind of reaction in the old man? After Brogan regained his composure, he stared into the fire and refused to talk. 
Gregorio cleared his throat, trying to get Brogan’s attention. It did him no good, the man was not about to speak.
Finally, Michael spoke to the man. He was sick of this lunatic and the games he was playing. “Have you lost your mind? What in the world would have possessed you to act that way in front of a small child? That little girl is family to all of us, and you nearly scared her to death.”  
There was nothing but silence from the old man, so Michael went on, every word pin-pointed with anger, “I’m waiting for an answer. What do you have to say for yourself? Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t rip your old throat out right now, and leave you for dead?”
The old man shook his head and laughed at that, then stood, looked Michael in the eye, and with a cold fury said, “Your assuming, boy, that I would let ya take my life. Ifin you could, then could be I’d be skeered. But since ya cain’t, I think I’ll be waiting a bit for the worry to start botherin me.”  He spat on the ground and sat back down. Looking over the shocked group, he shook his head and started to chuckle, “Well ifin that don’t beat all. Ya’ll are older than dirt, well most of yun is, and ya ain’t got no more sense than an ole cow led to the slaughterhouse.”  
“Are we wasting our time, or do you have something relevant to tell us?”  Gregorio asked.
“You folks might ought to sit back down, this is gonna take a bit, I can tell.”  He waited for everyone to find a spot, and then began.
“It’s like this here, ya’ll have a fox in the hen house, and ya ain’t even bothered to find it out. Now that young’in you got there? She ain’t a bad girl, but what’s in her, that’s a whole other matter. That’s a dark evil that’s got hold of that child, and ifin ya’ll don’t get rid of it, then your gonna have more trouble than ya can shake a stick at. Now I cain’t be sure how long it’s had her, but I can tell ya that its deadly, and what it knows, them others knows,  I know ya’ll want me to tell ya how to fix what’s about to come, but I think there’s some telling that your side needs to do afor I can help with that.”  
Outraged, Athena was the first to come to Jenna’s defense, “That child has been nothing but sweet and good. What you’re saying is impossible!”  
Brogan chucked and replied, “Impossible is it? Ya’ll searchin’ for traitors, ain’t ya? Ya’ll looked and looked and cain’t find nary a one? Ain’t no dark magic been used up there in that ole castle, huh?”
Minerva spoke up, her eyes as cold as ice and her voice steely, “I can assure you that no dark magic has been used at the castle since we moved in. We would have sensed it immediately, no witch of mine would dream of using dark magic!”
“Now I didn’t say twer a witch that used it, did I? Tis that child ya’ll speak so highly of that has use of dark magic. Ain’t ya never worried about how she come about knowing what she knows?”
They all looked at each other with one thought on their minds, how did Jenna learn to use time portals? According to Brogan, it was going back in time that changed this present and made things worse. Who are the voices that spoke to the girl? Cass had explained it as raw, natural, physic talent, but what if it was more? 
Liz leaned forward, her voice sincere as she spoke from her heart. “Sir, we all love that girl. If there is something that can help her, then I would like to know. If there is something possessing her, then how did it get into her, and how do we get it out?”  Brogan squinted and peered at Liz. 
He watched her long enough that she became uncomfortable. Then he smiled and winked at her and said, “It’s ‘bout time you spoke up, girl. Ya ain’t gonna make much of a Queen, ifin ya cain’t learn to say your piece.”
Michael burst out laughing, throwing his hands up in the air. “Well that settles it. The man is completely off his rocker.”
Liz exploded from her seat. “Are you crazy?”  Then turning to the others there asked, “Are you seriously going to listen to this guy? Can’t you see he’s crazy?”
“Oh, I can see it.”  Michael answered through his laughter.
Gregorio smiled and shook his head. “Well now. I think we’ve probably covered the appropriate issues. Thank you for having us. We appreciate your…umm, hospitality.”
Minerva and Athena appeared to be deep in thought. Neither woman said a word, both sets of eyes rested on Liz.
“Well I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’ve had enough of this crap. Michael?”  She said holding out her hand.
“Absolutely, my love.”  He said as he took her offered hand and stood. Another wave of amusement hit him sending quakes throughout his body. 
Shaking her head, and grinning, Liz gave him a gentle shove. “Seriously?”
Brogan reached out to her from across the fire. 
Her smile vanished as her body reacted of its own accord, and turned to face him. 
“The stars don’t lie, child. They says what they says, and ifin that other what put his nose where it don’t belong, hadn’t done what he done, you’d been queen by now.”  
Then looking around at the others still gathered there, he said, “Ain’t you been a wondering how this here girl achieved what did so quick like? Ain’t it seemed to ya’ll like she musta been born to be what she is now? It’s her birthright.” His eyes settled on Minerva as he repeated softly, “It’s been hers from the moment she were born, and you know it.” 
Minerva nervously shifted her feet while meeting Brogan’s gaze. Although no one answered his questions aloud, each of them knew that they had wondered just that, but all of them had decided that it must be the witch in her blood that allowed her to do so. 
“The stars cannot lie, child. You are what you were meant to be. The universe has wondrous things in store for you. What you have become and what you will grow to be, is your destiny.”  With his last declaration, every bit of accent was gone. His voice had taken on the quality, not of some cantankerous old man, but of an ancient one filled with wisdom.


Chapter Twenty-One
The Magnificent Unveiling Of Brogan The Great

Brogan brought his arms out to his sides. “Close your minds. Let no one enter and let nothing out.”  His body became straight and tall. A pale mist floated above his skin. The mist lifted higher, pulling away the facade of the withered old man. He grew taller and thinner, his hair grew longer and whiter, the scraggly beard on his face became full, white as snow, and grew down almost to the waistband of his long black robes. In his left hand, he held a staff that was as tall as he was. Black as night, it shimmered as if covered in diamond dust. The man standing before them now looked nothing like the crazy old man he had been, there was a majestic air about him now, like some great king from a long forgotten past. 
Gregorio was the first to stand. He walked over to the new image of the man with a broad smile across his face. “Greetings and salutations, dear friend. I was beginning to wonder what new mess we‘d brought to our doorstep.”  
Brogan smiled apologetically and replied, “It could not see me in my natural form. It must not know I am here. Already, it sits in your castle and wonders who the crazy old man is, and how I know of it. The child does not know it exists. It consumes her more each day, in a short time now, it will own her completely. There will be no hope for her then.”
“Father, what is going on? How do you know this magician?” 
Gregorio sighed and began to explain, “This is the Great Brogan, last and most powerful of the Druid Wizards. We have known each for a thousand years or more. Many a battle we have fought side by side.”  Then looking askance at Brogan, he said, “I heard of your death five hundred years ago, knowing this ‘new’ Brogan I had assumed he was named after you.”
“How does it know you?” asked Liz.
“It has been my enemy for centuries.”  Brogan answered. He raised his hand to rest on Gregorio’s shoulder. “I need to know which among you are closest to the girl.”  
“That would be Angie.”  Athena answered.
“What change has occurred to Angie’s personality since dealing with the child?”  
“Nothing.”  Liz jumped to her feet. “First, you want us to go after Jenna, now you think something’s wrong with Angie. She is perfectly sweet and wonderful, there is nothing at all wrong with her.”
“Not nothing, Liz.”  Athena said softly.
Ignoring Liz’s outburst, Brogan stretched out his hand to Athena. She grasped it in hers and stood facing him. 
“Tell me.”
 “She is still my daughter, Brogan, but she has taken on a viciousness that she did not have previously. She seems smarter and more capable now than any of us had ever given her credit for. She has become a deadly fighter and killer.”
“But she did so well in training. She worked hard to learn everything Michael tried to teach us.” Liz pleaded. 
“She did not do well, Liz, she was satisfactory and that is all. You know how shocked we all were when she managed to kill Sekhmet.”  Michael’s reply seemed unfeeling and harsh to Liz, but she had to admit he was right. Everyone had been completely astonished that little Angie had managed to kill the ancient beast.
“I imagine that was when it fully entered the girl. Upon Sekhmet’s death, the thing left her body and entered into the child. But it was at work long before that day I’d wager.” 
Minerva, head hung low, told Brogan how Cass had explained to them that Sekhmet had targeted the child for turning, almost as soon as Cass had met her. She told him of the plans the old beast had for the girl, and of the girl’s magical training, and her discovery of time portals.
Brogan listened quietly to Minerva’s tale, when she finished he asked about how the child had come to be with them. This time it was Athena that explained how they had found her in the clearing crying, her arrival to the farmhouse and what had happened there. 
“This type of evil leaves a taint on the soul. Angie is in danger just being near her, she has been chosen to be its protector. I imagine it happened that first day.”  Brogan explained.
Liz spoke thoughtfully, “She left my arms that day. I'd been holding her and she jumped out of my lap and went over to Angie. Angie had been so terribly sad that we could not find her mother, and wasn't speaking to anyone. Jenna put her hand on Angie’s knee and they looked into each other’s eyes for a short time, then she crawled up into Angie’s lap. Angie started coming back to herself then and acting more normal, except that from that time on, she wouldn’t let hardly any of us near Jenna. We all thought she was just protecting her.”
“She was protecting her, Elizabeth, but more importantly she was protecting the thing inside her. Someone in pain, especially someone with a broken heart, is easily wooed by this creature.”  Brogan answered.
“What is this creature you speak of?”  Michael asked.
“Its name is Baael. He’s a powerful demon. His main endeavor, for thousands of years, has been to gain dominion over the vampire nation. Sekhmet was the most powerful of her time, but it made a grave error in judgment when it settled in her. The demon did not recognize her weak and slothful nature. It did not know she would go into hiding. All this time, it has searched, through her, for a better host. There are probably others among you that it is controlling even as we speak. It has to be destroyed. Its plan is to make the child the new vampire queen. Your coming has long been prophesied among my people, Elizabeth. It was foretold, that when you finally came to power, the wickedness that created Nosferatu would be put to rest. A new era in vampire history will be recorded, and for the first time, the mortal world will live in safety from those of your kind. This is what it is trying to stop. It hates everyone and everything, but of all God’s creatures, it hates mortals the most.”  Brogan sighed and without warning, took on the appearance of the withered old man again.
Gregorio began pacing in thought, while the others remained still and quiet. 
Brogan seated himself again and pulled out his notebook.  
 Gregorio stopped in front of Brogan and asked, “If it is a demon, then a priest must perform an exorcism. Regardless of your prophecy, we still live in darkness and are damned. We cannot have a priest here.”  
The old man looked up at his massive friend and laughed, “I’m not speakin’ of takin’ it out. I said we needs to kill it.”
Motioning for everyone to take a seat again, Brogan began to spill out his plan. None of them were to let on that he was anything other than a crazy old man. When they returned to the castle, they were to act angry and unsettled. Athena was to take Angie aside during the next day, and enter her mind and shut it down. The connection between Angie and Jenna was mental only, so when her mind was shut, the other could not enter. Then she was to be sent away. 
The first thing that Baael would try to do is to enter the mind of another, it had great need of a protector. It needed the child to itself to complete its control of her. Whoever was to become the child’s guardian must have absolute control of their mind. 
The child must be isolated, far away from the castle. When Brogan began the process of killing the demon, it would undeniably reach out for help from others it had already been working on. 
While this was going on, Liz was to take a time portal and go back in time and make sure the child was not taught magic, and most importantly, to see to it that time portals were not discovered. They were going to be discovered, but not by her. 
Much of what Brogan told them seemed cryptic. Knowing exactly what the future held was impossible. Every action from every person in the world changed the outcome of the future every day. The only thing he could be certain of was that Jenna would seize power of the vampire nation through force, and with the help of the renegade army. If that were to happen, the entire world would eventually be destroyed. Although the mortal world rarely gave them much thought, except for storybooks and movies, it was their responsibility to see to it that no immortal gained power over the mortal world. 
It was nearing dawn when the group returned to the Citadel. Angie waited for them at the front gate. Jenna had been asleep for hours, but Angie was still furious at the old man for scaring her, and still considered killing him for it. 
The group walked in grumbling about the crazy old man and his wild ideas. Angie listened quietly, walking beside her mother. She stopped and stared at Athena in amazement. 
“Mother? Your mind is closed to me. What has happened?”  
“Come with us to our room child, there is much to tell that should not be said in hallways and corridors.”  
For a moment, Angie shied away as if the idea of being alone with her mother was repulsive to her, then she shrugged and resumed walking. Gregorio and the others kept moving ahead of Athena and the girl. Not once did they react as if anything unusual was going on. Liz and Michael left them when they arrived at their hall, while Gregorio, Athena, and Minerva continued on with Angie, steps echoing through the empty corridors. 
Daylight would help tremendously with what needed to be done. Although the others at the castle worked on their sunlight immunity, most slept the entire day. No eyes would be watching to see what was about to happen.

***

Michael was mad at her again. It seemed like lately, no matter what she did, he was angry. 
“I just won’t have it.”  Michael said.
“Brogan said nothing about taking anyone with me. Besides you have your own work to do.”  Liz tossed her clean clothes on the bed and began undressing.
“He also said he couldn’t tell or see everything.”  Michael stalked over, picked up the pile of clothes, and held them tightly in his arms.
Liz rolled her eyes, put her hands on her hips and stared at him. “Do you have any idea how many outfits I have in that armoire? That is not going to stop me.”
“For your information, this is not stopping you. This is making you take time to think this thing through. Now this,” he said, throwing the clothes on the bed and pulling her in his arms, “this is stopping you.”
She looked into his face. “You’re being unreasonable.”
“How am I supposed to keep you safe, when you are constantly doing things that are dangerous?”
“Hello?”  She rapped against his chest with her fist. “Immortal, remember? Virtually impossible to kill. Undead and all that crap. Ring a bell?”
 “You don’t take anything seriously.”  He sighed and released her.
“Look, all I’m saying is, if we are going to listen to the man and believe what he says, then we need to listen to the man.”
“Right, because you're going to be queen now.”  He laughed as he plopped into a chair.
“No. That’s horse pucky. Because we’ve already mucked things up pretty good. I don’t see any need to make it worse.”
He sat there for several minutes searing through her with his eyes, while tapping his fingers on the arm of the chair. The old chair had dents in the carved antique hand rests from the force of his angered tapping. Finally, he hissed out at her, “You don’t even have a plan. What is the point of going back, when you have no idea what you are going to do? Just because that crazy old man told you that you were to be queen of the vampire nation, does not mean you can just run about doing as you please!  Let me remind you that no one has given you control of anything yet.”
“That is not what I’m doing, Michael.”  Liz groaned and sat in the chair across from him.
“Do you have any semblance of a plan?”  
“I think I do.”  
“Well? Care to share?”  he growled.
“Oh for Pete’s sake!  I’ll tell you what I’m thinking, and I would like your input and ideas, but would you stop acting like a three year old for just one minute?”  
Michael waited, still angry, and once again, began tapping at the arm rests. 
“Do you have any idea how old that chair is?”  
“Are you going to fill me in, or just let me sit here twiddling the wood away?” he replied.
“All right, this is what I was thinking, and if you don’t like it just tell me. I was thinking that since Cass was able to glamour herself, that I should go back and do the same to myself, to make sure that my past self stops Jenna’s education. I can tell myself that under no circumstances is she to be taught and then make myself not remember I was there.”  
Michael completely shot her down. “That’s not going to work. First off, you know how that Council meeting went, you would have to give a good reason why she shouldn’t be taught, and you don’t have a good reason to give. You can’t tell them the truth, because you’re past self won’t remember the truth, and even if you allow yourself to keep that knowledge, you can’t tell the Council. Secondly, Cass is our leader. The main reason everyone voted for her is because she is our leader. So try again.”
“So I speak to someone with more standing than I in the Council?”  
“Exactly who on the Council are you strong enough to mesmerize?”  
“I could seriously do without your sarcasm right now, Michael. If you’re going to help, then help, and if you’re not, go find something to do and let me think”  
Michael jumped up and pulled her into his arms, holding her close, he brought his face down to kiss her. His lips were warm and inviting. Angry as she was, she melted in his embrace.  
“Exactly who on the Council are you strong enough to mesmerize?”  
Liz gasped. “You!  I can tell you. You will listen to me and you would help. Oh Michael, that’s brilliant. I knew there was a reason I loved you.”

***

While Michael and Liz were figuring out a plan, Athena and Gregorio attended to Angie. Encased in their room, at the bottom level of the castle, the three stood staring at each other in silence. Weary, Athena sighed and told her daughter to take a seat. 
Angie was certain that none of them would have ever believed the freakish old man after the stunt he pulled at the campfire, but she knew something bad was going on. She felt Jenna restlessly roll over in her sleep. Angie felt an urge to run from the room, afraid Jenna would wake from her sleep and find herself alone. She could feel Jenna all the time now. The bond they shared was almost as strong as the connection she held with her mother. Jenna was more like her own child than the child of another.
Athena watched her daughters face, saw a look of distress cross over it, and then it was gone. “What’s wrong my love?”  
“It’s nothing, Jenna rolled over in her sleep. I was just making sure she wouldn’t wake up afraid and alone.”  
Athena looked pointedly at Gregorio, his face still a mask of unconcern, then returned her gaze to Angie. “I must show you something, my love. You probably won’t like it, none of us do, but it is something you must see.”  Seating herself beside her daughter, she took her face in her hands, looked into her eye’s, and entered her mind. 
At first, Athena drifted around inside her child’s head, not wanting to let the beast that had partially settled there, know it had been found out. 
Angie waited patiently for her mother to begin showing her something. It was taking too long. What was her mother doing in there? Angie reached out and tried to enter Athena’s mind as well. It was like running into a steel door. She could see nothing, everything was black and empty. 
Suddenly, she felt Jenna wake and heard her scream. She tried to get up and rush to the screaming child, but her mother held her tightly. In seconds, Angie felt Gregorio’s massive hands on her shoulders, pushing her down.  She kicked and screamed, trying to shove them away. In her mind she could feel her mother’s will moving around, looking here and there for something. Jenna’s scream transformed from fear into rage. Angie could feel the child thrashing in her bed.  Words spilled from Jenna’s mouth, in a voice that was not her own. Just like that day at the farmhouse that had scared them enough to make them run into the daylight. 
Angie felt her body grow strong, as if the strength of several vampires had poured into her. Fighting as hard as she could, she still could not break the grip that Athena and Gregorio had on her. Terrified now, she tried to close her mind to her mother and throw her out. Athena was too powerful; her grip on Angie’s mind was absolute. Invisible claws seemed to scrape inside her head, tearing at her brain. The pain became unbearable, it was searing hot, then there was nothing. No Jenna. No Athena. Just darkness and peace.
Quickly, Athena ran to the door and retrieved Minerva. The old woman was to take both of them to Italy. Back to the place of Athena’s birth. There was a sparsely populated island, just off the coast, where Athena kept a small cottage. She had taken Angie there after her transformation. Athena loved quiet seclusion it offered. Hopefully, Angie would be far enough away from the Citadel for Athena to finish the process of clearing her mind. She reached down and easily lifted the girl into her arms, nodded to Minerva, and a few seconds later, when the portal was created, took her beloved child and left.


Chapter Twenty-Two
Medicine Is Supposed To Taste Bad

Jenna threw her baby doll across the room and stomped her foot. It skittered across the floor under a chair. Mommy was gone, daddy was gone, and Angie was gone. Everyone had gone off and left her!  Minerva was there with her, but she wasn’t sure she liked the old lady. She was nice, in a crazy grandma sort of way, but she wanted Liz, and they told her Liz was busy. Liz was never too busy for her. Never. And the old lady kept looking at her funny, like she was trying to see through her or something. 
Minerva had come in the night and told her that everyone was off on that stupid “war” business and couldn’t come right now. Why was her Angie off on stupid war business, anyhow? Angie was her guardian and protector; she said she would always be with her!  Jenna stared out the window glowering and stomped her foot again. “I want Angie!” she bellowed for the umpteenth time. 
“I already told you child, she can’t come today, you must be patient. I think you have become spoiled with all of this attention you’ve been getting, but believe it or not, these castle walls don’t revolve around you.”  Minerva answered, obviously frustrated with the girl.
Jenna turned and glared at the woman. “You are trying to keep everyone away from me!  You hate me!” she cried. Then sobbing she ran and threw herself on the bed. Minerva shook her head and continued rocking in the old rocking chair. Babysitting for a petulant child, would be hard on any one-hundred-year-old woman, babysitting for a demon possessed child, that you happened to love, and needed to help, that would not shut up, was impossible. 
She checked her watch again. She had been watching the hands slowly click into place for hours now, waiting for Michael to relieve her. Every so often, she felt the thing within Jenna try to probe her mind. The minute she felt the mental nudge she would think nothing but happy thoughts, roast chicken and snow peas, flowers in a meadow, her darling Liz as a baby. Then the child would quiet for a while as if pondering what she had seen, until the fit pitching started all over. Glancing at her watch again, she saw that she still had two hours before Michael‘s scheduled arrival. Sighing, she walked over to Jenna and said, “Why don’t we color a picture, hmmm? That will make the time go faster for you. In two hours you are getting to go on a fun and important field trip!”
“I don’t wanna go on no stupid field trip!  I want Angie!” she stubbornly replied.
“But darling, they are going to teach you some new magic. Magic that you don’t know yet. Something that will help us win the war. Don’t you want to learn some new magic?”  Minerva coaxed.
New magic? Jenna liked to learn magic. She thought about it for a few seconds, smiled sweetly, deliberately walked over to her small coloring table, sat down, and quietly began to draw. After a few minutes, Jenna looked up, “Granny lady? I‘m hungry. Can I have some cookies?”
 Although she had eaten just an hour before, Minerva decided that it would be best not to send the now delinquent child back into a foul mood. She went out into the hall, leaving the door open, and asked the waiting Callista to fetch them some cookies and milk.
When she returned to the room, less than a minute later, Jenna was missing. Minerva was frantic, she had not taken her eyes off the child for more than just a few seconds, but somehow the girl had just disappeared. She had no idea whether she had created a portal and jumped, or just slipped out of the room. Minerva was certain that the child couldn’t have gotten past them in the hall without being seen, but sensed no remnant of portal magic in the room either. She called out, “Child there are cookies and milk coming. Don’t you want some? Jenna? Jenna, it’s not nice to hide from old ladies, it hurts old ladies to have to bend over and crawl around on floors.”  She was about to leave the room and go find help, when Michael appeared at the doorway.
“What’s going on in here?” he asked with a smile.
“I think we have lost our little girl.”  Minerva answered with a serious face and a wink.
“Hmmm, let me think,” Michael said walking around the room looking, “If I were a smart little girl, where would I be?”
Then they both heard a tiny giggle come from underneath the large bed. Minerva sighed with relief and Michael shrugged and laughed, giving Minerva a wink. 
Michael continued the game with the girl, looking all around the room under toys and behind dressers, then in the closet, speaking the whole time. “Would I be in the closet if I were a smart little girl? Hmm…no not there. Would I be under a tricycle if I were a smart little girl? Nope not there.”  After looking and naming off several odd and impossible locations for the child to be hiding, he finally asked, “Would I be under a lampshade if I were Jenna?”  
The giggle turned into a full-blown laugh. Jenna’s tiny voice called out from under the bed, “I can’t fit in a lamp shade silly!  I‘m too big.”  She crawled out from under the bed, very proud of herself. “You’re not very good at hide and seek, Michael.” 
Jenna laughed as Michael swept her into his arms, gave her a big hug, and sat her on his shoulders. 
When Callista came in with the milk and cookies, Jenna insisted that they must have a tea party. Although Michael could not partake in the festivities, he was required to stay. Happily clad in her frilly dress up clothes, she smiled and laughed as if nothing more than an ordinary child. Minerva, Michael, and Callista, all wearing Jenna’s big floppy hats and garish scarves, sat at the small table playing her game. They talked and laughed as the old witches told Jenna funny stories about their childhood.
Michael kept a smile on his face and laughed with the rest, even joining in the tales sometimes, but all the while, he felt Jenna’s mental nudge, trying to enter his mind, trying to gain control. She had chosen her new protector…Michael. Exactly as planned.
After the tea party, Michael gave Minerva a slight nod and told her that he would stay with Jenna until the time for her field trip came. Minerva smiled back, knowing that their plan was working, kissed the child on the head and left with Callista. Glancing at his watch, he noticed the time for their departure was near, so he enticed Jenna to sit on his lap, and he read her a story. 
As Michael read, he rocked, and before long Jenna was fast asleep in his arms. He sat in the quiet looking down at the young girl that they had all grown to love. Worry lined his face. While she slept, he could feel the demon trying to enter his mind. Even when her own mind was unaware, the powerful thing inside her was assiduously at work. 
The time had finally come to leave. Michael stood with the still sleeping Jenna, while Minerva quickly opened a portal. The three of them first jumped to the camp below the Citadel to retrieve Brogan. Soon after, Brogan created a portal of his own, and they jumped with him to the location he’d selected for the task ahead.

***

Angie was waking at the cottage. Standing on the beach in the dark, watching the black waves roll on shore, Athena felt her coming to. The stars glimmered like distant flickers of candlelight. The moon, only a fingernail moon, still gave off a dazzling glow that made the sand on the beach look as if it were made of fairy dust instead of sand. Athena loved this place, but after tonight, she didn’t know if she would ever be able to come here again. Slowly, she returned to the cottage, hating the task ahead, but knowing that it was necessary. 
She entered silently and looked around, basking in the glow of the homey feel that she might never feel again. Angie, nearly awake, stirred on the brown leather couch. 
“Mother?”  Angie croaked.
Sighing in resignation, she went to her beloved and only child, praying to the God she knew could not hear her, that the girl would not die. With a tenderness that only a mother can give, she took Angie’s face in her hands, and entered her mind.
The moment her mother entered her mind, pain ripped through her body. There was no pause or feeling of disconnection, just white-hot pain. Angie screamed out in agony while her mother continued probing. Her body writhed from the torment that her ragged spirit suffered in the battle for her will. The demon refused to release her. It had to be burned away and the pain of its going was fierce. 
For what seemed like hours, she probed the darkest, deepest, recesses of her daughter’s mind. Finding pieces of its control here and there, hidden so deeply that one, not as strong as Athena, might never have found them all. The thing had so insidiously cocooned itself in Angie’s mind that even some of the girl’s memories had been changed. It had almost taken her completely. Even Athena’s life would have been forfeit, had she openly come against Jenna. On and on Athena probed, burning each part of it out of the girls mind and spirit, all the while her child screamed. 

***

Unconscious, exhausted from the torturous expulsion, Angie sprawled on the couch limp and doll like.  Athena left her daughter’s side and went back to the beach to harden her mind and spirit for the next round of battle with the evil that had corrupted her daughter.
As suspected, the sound of the waves no longer drew her. The sand was just sand. Just tiny particles of rock that held no magic or beauty for her now. Athena, spirit wounded and heart full of sorrow, called out to Gregorio. They had been close from the moment they had met. Good trustworthy friends were hard to find, no matter what your species. Since the ordeal at the fortress, they had grown closer. Their friendship, after all these long years, had blossomed into something more. Humans called it love. Vampires, not being naturally loving and kind, had little use for mortal love. They thrived on the connection and the few true friendships they could maintain. Love or not, she needed him. She needed him now more than she ever had in her lifetime. Her spirit ached with torment, knowing the anguish she must continue to inflict on her daughter. Grief overwhelmed her, and then she felt his gentle touch in her mind.
“What’s happening? Are you all right?”  He asked.
“I need you!  I cannot do this alone, I am too weak.”  
“You are not weak, you are strong. Do not lose your confidence now; you will need that, and much more, before this is over.”  Gregorio answered.
“Her pain is too great. I cannot do this thing.”
“I can have Minerva or one of the others bring me. I am not needed here at the moment.”  Gregorio’s concern was great; Athena was always calm and collected. For her to be so unsettled was disturbing.
“I am being foolish. Of course, you are needed there. We are all tasked with difficult things at this time. Stay, I will do what must be done.” 
“You are never foolish, you are always stalwart and steady. I will have someone stand ready and should you have need of me, I will come.”  Gregorio replied.
Athena picked herself up off the sand, where she had fallen in her grief, and plodded back to the house, steeling herself for yet another round of torturing her daughter.

***

They were in a wet, musty, cavern. Michael could see no entrance or exit. While he held the sleeping child, Brogan and Minerva built a fire. After hurriedly making the necessary preparations, Brogan told Minerva to leave. A mortal could not be anywhere near this particular ceremony. Before it could be killed, the demon must first be cast out, when that happened it would immediately look for another host. Knowing that she must, Minerva nodded to both of the men, and then left.
The fire grew strong, lighting up the cave. Around the walls, hung torches set in wrought iron fastenings, and in the center stood a great stone table. There were large shelves spaced around the walls, some holding many books, while others held large glass containers full of herbs and what not. Jenna stirred and awoke, before Michael could inquire as to the contents of the containers.
Jenna looked around, and then glared at Michael with malice and hatred. She shoved against his chest and in a strange voice, “Put me down!”  Michael placed her on the ground in front of him. 
Jenna laughed at the withered old man and spoke again, “What are you doing old man? I do not know you, yet you seem to know me.”  
Brogan guffawed, and said, “Be that as it may, there’s things what needs set right, ya got no call to be in that lil girl, beast, and I mean to see ya git out!”  
The thing inside Jenna laughed maniacally then, so full of arrogance that it wouldn’t consider that Brogan would be able to part it from the child. “You have no power over me. You are not even a priest. Not that one could help the child now.”  It hissed.
“Be that as it may, you’re gonna git out of that girl. She ain’t meant for you, not one iota, and you knows that.”  Brogan coolly replied.
Michael watched while Brogan continued working with different contents from the many containers on the shelves. The demons words had no affect on Brogan. When he finished, he nodded to Michael, who picked the child up, brought her to the stone table, and sat her down. 
Jenna looked into Michael’s eyes. 
Once again, he felt the evil inside probing, trying to infiltrate his defenses. 
Her lips pouted as she cast her eyes on the druid. “I thought you loved me, Michael? I thought you were like Daddy!  I thought you would never let anyone hurt me?”  As she spoke, two small tears trickled down her cherub face, glittering like jewels in the firelight. 
A twinge of guilt almost took him, and then he remembered what they were dealing with had nothing to do with this child he loved. Guarding himself he spoke, “I do love Jenna, but you are not her, and I will not rest until she is given back to me.”
Jenna jumped to her feet, crouching on the stone table she growled at the two men. She tried to jump off, and run away, but something would not let her leave the table. A bright green light surrounded her. She scratched and clawed at it, trying to break through the force that kept her on the stone, growling and screeching in rage. Her body stiffened and she appeared to be listening.  After a few moments she snarled, “You can’t take her she is mine!  Her heart and soul are mine. The mother will not wrench her from me.”  She threw herself against the green light then fell to the table writhing and screaming in pain. 
Brogan began walking around the table, mumbling in his singsong language. As the thing within her cried out, Jenna’s tiny body flipped and flopped on the table like a fish on dry land. One seizure after another consumed her. 
Michael was afraid for her safety. What good did it do them to get the child back, if she were to return with a smashed and broken body? 
After several minutes, her eyes rolled back in her head and she grew quiet. “Stupid fools. You have not the strength to harm me. All that will come of this is that two you care for will die. I can take them both right now should I desire to do so.”
Brogan continued walking and chanting, seemingly oblivious to words spewing from Jenna’s mouth. 
“You know nothing of love, Michael. Your race is damned. Why do you try so very hard to be human and good? It will gain you no access to grace. There is no benefit in your sacrifice. You will all continue to live in the darkness of your condemnation. God will not honor you, when your life force is taken. You will burn in hell with the rest of them. No matter how well you learn to control the inner evil, darkness will prevail. There is no bright side to darkness, Michael. There is no escaping the fate of the damned. Join me Michael. Join me and have a fulfilled life. When I rule the earth, all will bow to you and yours. You will be princes in my empire.”  
“You would have me be a prince among men?”  Michael laughed at the offer. Leaning in toward the table, his eyes cold he countered, “You cannot offer me what I could freely take for myself. Your offer has no validity, beast. What would you have of me? To grow fat, scared, and putrid like Sekhmet? Or better, to be full of lust from the thirst, conquer men, and have them live in terror of me? I can do that now if I wish.”
“You have not the power that only I can give, boy. Nor the ambition obtainable only through me.”  
Michael spat on the floor before locking gazes with the demon. “I do not desire it. I would rather fight the evil within me than to be slave to any other.”  
Brogan threw the mixture he had created on the four corners of the table. His voice grew louder as his chanting continued. Jenna‘s body convulsed. An agonized scream ripped from her throat. The battle for Jenna’s body was in full force now. 
Tense, Michael waited for Brogan’s promised signal. 
For hours, Brogan walked around the table adding deadly ingredients here and there, chanting all the while. Sometimes the demon cried out, but more often than not, it was Jenna’s small voice they heard, frantic with terror and pain. Then the child would grow silent for a time before the tortured shrieks began again. Michael tense but ready, waited for the moment that would either save her or take her life.

***

The plan was in motion, Athena had left with Angie, and Minerva was with Jenna. Liz was a nervous wreck. Together, she and Michael had come up with a plan to stop Jenna’s training. It would be extremely difficult to do, but it was a plausible plan, and the best they could come up with. She kissed Michael goodbye, created a portal, and jumped back to the time they met with Gregorio and Athena, to persuade them to let the child learn. 
She arrived a little too early; her past self and Michael were still in their room. Standing outside the door she listened to them talk, wondering if she would be able to pull this off. Leaning in to the closed door, she felt a hand on her shoulder and jumped. “What are you up to?”  Cass’ eyes narrowed in suspicion.
“Oh nothing,” Liz replied as she maneuvered Cass away from the door. It wouldn’t do for the woman to overhear the conversation between herself and Michael, when she was standing outside of the door. “Just waiting for Michael to quit ranting before I go in.”  
“Who’s he ranting to?”  
“Himself, I imagine.”  Liz walked Cass down the corridor back towards her own room. She would never get the timing right if she couldn’t get rid of her. “What are you doing here, is there something I can help you with?”  Liz asked.
“I just came to speak to you and Michael about the Council meeting. I know that you’re both on my side, but I was hoping the two of you would speak with Gregorio and Athena. I’m afraid your influence would be stronger than mine in this matter.”  
They had not spoken to Cass in the primary time line. Liz must have stopped her. All this time stuff was confusing. It was hard to keep track of what and when and how it affected the future. Obviously, her stopping Cass from entering the room had not stopped the training from happening or she would not be here now trying to stop it. 
She walked with Cass all the way back to her room. Cass invited her inside, Liz thought for a moment, knowing that they must already be on their way to see Gregorio and Athena, and she had missed her moment in time. She would have to improvise. Michael would be furious, but she didn’t want to keep repeating this day over and over until she got it right. Liz smiled at Cass and said, “Sure, I wanted to talk to you anyway.”  
Entering the room, Liz took a seat and waited for Cass to join her. Cass sat down and expectantly waited for Liz to speak. Liz leaned back, pulled her thoughts together, and decided to approach Cass in a different way than anyone had before.
“You’re a wonderful mother, Cass. I have never really given motherhood much thought, at least not until I met your Jenna. Now I’m wondering about being a mother. I know I can never have a child of my own, but do you think it would be horrible of me to adopt one? Of course, it wouldn’t be the same as what you’ve done with Jenna, but there are thousands of babies that need homes and can’t find them. I was thinking that when this war thing is over and we get back to our normal lives, maybe I can adopt a baby.”  
While Liz spoke, Cass nodded and smiled. She understood completely what Liz was going through. She’d felt the same for several thousand years. With Liz’s status in the mortal world, she would have no trouble finding a baby to adopt. Within a few years, she would be able to tolerate daylight well and no one would be the wiser to her condition. Laying her hand on Liz’s arm, she lovingly replied, “Of course you should dear!  You will be a wonderful mother, and Michael will be an excellent father. I highly recommend motherhood to any that feel something significant is lacking in their lives. I can tell you, without a doubt, it has made me feel complete and brought me more joy than anything else I have ever done. Seeing your child’s face as she learns and grows is so rewarding. The unconditional love, affection, and trust they give, pales in comparison to anything else.” 
Liz sighed. She had Cass where she wanted her, now for the hard part. “I just wonder though…is it fair? Is it selfish of me to bring a child into this life? I mean sure, I would be saving them from an orphanage, and being unwanted, and maybe worse. But with all this death, danger, and magic? Is it really right for me to intentionally, purposefully, bring a mortal child into an immortal world, knowing that they will never be able to rejoin the world that is theirs by birthright, should they desire too?”
Liz waited, hoping she had not crossed the line with her questions. She studied Cass’ face; she could see that the woman was deep in thought and carefully planning her response to Liz’s questions.
“Maybe it’s not fair, and maybe it is selfish, but if you weren’t living here at the castle, there would be no real need for the child to know you were anything other than its mother. There would be no need for it to learn magic.”  Cass replied hesitantly.
Liz kept her voice soft as she spoke, “Wouldn’t there? A human child, living among us would always be in danger, wouldn’t it? We can’t possibly kill every renegade and rogue out there. If that were possible, Michael would have been out of a job long ago. You said yourself that Jenna would not be safe without magical knowledge. She learned to use her physic ability through interacting with you. Wouldn’t it be safe to assume that any infant child, raised in a vampyric home, would learn the same way?”
“Well yes, every human has the potential for that ability, but that doesn’t--” she let the last of her sentence drop. Cass knew that Liz was right. Any mortal child, subjected to life with a vampire, would most probably acquire good use of telepathy at the very least. Her eyes closed as realization set in. “Oh Liz.” she gasped. “I have done a terrible disservice to Jenna.”
“Oh, no. You have not. You have loved and cared for her in every way possible. How could you have known that these things would happen? You did the very best you could with the child. I wasn’t trying to hurt you.”  Liz responded and pulled Cass into her arms. 
Cass hugged her back, and vowed that she would not allow anything else to interfere with the child’s ability to return to her own world, should she ever choose to return. 
Liz chatted with Cass a few minutes more, and when she was certain that no matter what the Council voted, the woman would not allow her daughter to learn magic, she left the room. Liz didn’t know if she should go back to her own time, or wait to see the outcome of the meeting. Unwilling to waste anymore time, she created a portal and returned to her own timeline.

***

The moment she exited the portal, Michael began grilling her, wanting to know where she had been and how she’d learned to use portal magic. Confused to start with, it took a moment to realize her trip to the past had changed more than intended. Michael waited for an answer she couldn’t give. Liz needed to find out what else she had changed. She took a deep breath. “You better sit down. We need to talk.”


Chapter Twenty-Three
Confusion Is The Mother Of All Screw Ups

Liz was exhausted from dealing with Michael. Every question she asked, he countered with another she could not answer. No one had bothered to tell her what to do should she accomplish any change. The point of her mission had been to keep anyone from learning about time portals. Why could she remember how to make them? She needed to talk to Brogan and find out what she was supposed to do now. 
According to Michael, Cass was taking a sabbatical with her husband Dan, so at least she knew that remained the same. Jenna had not learned any type of magic because Cass had come to the Council meeting and vetoed her training before it even started. Everyone there was surprised at Cass' drastic change in attitude toward the issue. As she was the child’s mother, no one had questioned her as to why. 
Brogan had indeed come to the Citadel, and was off on some errand of his own. They still knew about Jenna’s possession, and Michael was to try to entice the demon into choosing him as her new protector, while Athena was off clearing it from Angie’s mind. It was almost time for him to leave, but he was still giving Liz a hard time. “I know there’s something you’re not telling me. You’re leaving something out and that something is a big deal. Why can’t you just tell me?” he asked. 
“I can’t tell you. I want to, but I can’t. I need to talk to Brogan first. You’ll understand later. Please just let it go for now, It’s not life or death, I promise.”  
“It’s not life or death, but it is vital.”  
Liz gave him an exasperated look, and then said, “Drop it.”  
Michael laughed at the look on her face, then bowed low and said, “Yes oh mighty Queen.”  
Liz threw a pillow at him as he sauntered away laughing at her response. She knew he was on the way to relieve Minerva, and thankfully, now they wouldn’t have to worry about the child creating a portal and jumping to get away from them. She opened the window, taking in the last few seconds of sunset, and then went to lie down. Her part, for now, was finished and before the others returned, she needed to get some rest.

***

Angie was gravely ill. Vampires did not get sick. There were no vampire doctors or nurses to call on should a vampire fall ill, because it just didn’t happen. Athena summoned Gregorio and Minerva, but they had no answers. It was not her physical body that was in trouble, it was her spirit that was injured. Humans have a saying that time heals all wounds, but this was a different circumstance and Angie was not human. 
Athena was positive that she had eradicated every last particle of the dark evil from Angie’s mind, but she either would not or could not wake up. Brogan was probably the only one that could help her, but no one had heard from him or Michael in hours. 
Gregorio knew that Michael was still with Brogan battling the demon, but until the presence was gone, breaking into Michael’s concentration could be disastrous. They waited and watched the girl, hoping that Brogan would be able to join them soon.

***

Lack of sleep, and fresh blood, had begun taking its toll on Michael. He had no idea how long they had been in the cavern. The battle for Jenna’s body had been going on for hours, maybe even days. The poor child had been in and out of consciousness several times. Each time she awoke, for a brief second she would have control then Baael would take over and she would be lost inside herself again. Her body was a pitiful sight. Battered and bruised, she looked like she’d been in an automobile accident. Her beautiful brown eyes were nearly swollen shut from crying, and her sweet little pink dress was tattered from writhing on the stone table.
Every time Baael spoke, he would first demean them, and then offer them many great and wonderful things. Then the threats would begin. He was going to kill Liz and the rest of the family, and make sure that after he killed both Brogan and Michael, every mortal in the world would pay for what they were trying to do. The list he gave of the things he was going to do was a mile long. When he saw that his malicious words were getting him nowhere, he would allow Jenna to come back to herself, so they could watch her cry out in pain and hear her beg them to help her. Over and over, the same scenario repeated itself while Michael waited for the sign that Brogan had assured him would come. 
Jenna for the moment lay blissfully unconscious, Brogan stopped chanting and walking, and waited. Michael tensed to the point of snapping, looked in surprise at the man. Brogan gave him a quick wink, then nodded his head toward the table. 
Jenna’s body began to lift, hovering above the table. Slowly it started to turn in a counter clockwise motion. Her face, pale and drawn, appeared to be coming off itself, as if it had duplicated itself and was getting rid of the unneeded portion. Gradually her body started turning faster, and the rest of it seemed to be coming apart. 
She woke and a thunderous snarl came out of her mouth. Then there were two Jennas, one right on top of the other, each spinning in perfect alignment. The Jenna on top was almost transparent, and was beginning to glow. Then without notice, both Jennas came to a complete stop. Both hovered for a just a few seconds, then the bottom Jenna fell hard to the stone table, making a cracking sound as she landed. 
As soon as her body landed, Michael grabbed her. Away from the table, but still near enough to the fire to see her well, Michael tried to take stock of her injuries. It appeared that she was whole and unbroken, just badly bruised. Her sweet little lips were blue, and her delightful face bruised. Michael whispered in her ear, trying to coax her injured spirit back to life. “Wake up, baby. Wake up and talk to me. I know you’re hurting and scared, but you’re safe now. It’s all going to be okay now. Wake up, Jenna.”  Jenna didn’t flutter an eyelash. If Michael hadn’t been able to hear the slow beating of her tiny heart, he would have been sure she was dead.
The other Jenna hovered over the table watching them. The eyes were black empty orbs. Jenna’s beautiful face was now a picture of pure evil. It laughed at them, trying to taunt them, still showing no fear until the facade of Brogan slowly fell away. As he became his true self, the evil trapped above the table began to screech in fury. Brogan stared at the thing in disgust, waiting for it to stop its fit of anger. 
“You lie!  You cheat!  You trickster!” it hissed.
“Now you have reason to fear, eh?”  Brogan returned.
“You had to hide to come at me? You are so weak and so terrified of my power that you have to hide like cockroach in the dark?” it squealed back.
Brogan, pulling himself to his full height of seven feet, bellowed, “You have been judged and found guilty, rejoin your brethren in hell!”  He shoved the head of his staff into the Jenna thing. 
The creature raged, as chunk by chunk, the table beneath collapsed inward leaving a gaping black hole.  A small flicker of red light appeared in the center of the opening and grew brighter until flames appeared. As if the fire held some intelligent force, the flames explored the edges of the rift. Licking, seeking, ravenously hungry, they hunted for their prey. A low rumble echoed in pit. Molten lava rushed to the surface, joined the flames, and oozed upwards. Within seconds, the deadly mixture reached the dangling toes of the demon and devoured it bit by bit. Deafening screams echoed through the cavern until the lava’s mission was complete.
Other than the sound of wood crackling in the fire, the room became silent. Brogan went to Michael’s side and stared down at Jenna. His careful gaze touched every inch of her battered body before he reached down, opened one tiny eyelid, and peered within. “She has taken no lasting harm I think.”  
Michaels eye’s took on a faraway look as he heard Gregorio’s call. “Brogan, Angie is badly injured. Gregorio says you are needed.”  
The ancient sorcerer sighed and shook his head. Mumbling something about no rest for the weary, he created a portal to Athena’s cottage.

***

Liz was wide-awake but did not feel rested or at ease. For the last half hour, she had been trying to figure out just what she had changed in the time line, and how to go about finding it out. She couldn’t just ask someone what was different. She needed to talk to Brogan. 
Finally, tired of doing nothing, she decided to roam the castle and see what was going on. Possibly, she could see some changes just by paying attention and mingling with the rest of the occupants. 
The Citadel seemed empty. It was daylight, so most slept, but even with that, it seemed that there should have been more people (especially witches) wandering around. Liz strolled all over the upper levels seeing just a few stragglers moving quickly about with their housekeeping duties. Deciding to bite the bullet, she headed to the Council chambers.
The full Council was in attendance and in a heated discussion. None of them knew where the missing members were or what they were doing, and everyone seemed at the least, distressed. Some were downright angry over the secret goings on and not being informed. When Liz walked in the door, the talking stopped and all eyes turned to her. Minerva looked harried and seemed relieved that her great granddaughter had finally arrived. Tiberius, the oldest attending council member, cleared his throat and spoke. “Well, well, well… maybe now we can get some answers. Do sit down Elizabeth and explain to the rest of the lowly council members what is going on, and why it is necessary to keep us all in the dark.” 
Liz had no idea what to say to these obviously angry vampires. She took her seat and rapidly tried to think up a good excuse for everyone not being there. “Queen my ass!”  She thought. 
Taking a deep breath, she settled her troubled mind and began sweetly, “I take it that you have not been informed of the intricate workings of the new plan?” she smiled.
“That would be a precise assumption.” Tiberius answered.
“Well that in itself ought to tell you something.”  Liz folded her hands on the table before her.
 The Council did not find her response remotely humorous, but she hadn’t figured they would. She continued with as much queenly authority as she could muster. “I hate to pull rank, especially considering that I am the youngest. Be that as is may, I am next in line for leadership of the Council with the others gone, so I don’t appreciate being talked down to Tiberius. In fact, I take great exception to it. We have all worked ceaselessly trying to better our lot in life. And those that are not here to explain their actions still work towards that end. I am not saying that any of us think you cannot be trusted. What I am saying is that, instead of getting angry about being left out of the loop, you should be working on what still needs to be done. Have any of you discovered who the traitor is yet? Or do you know the location of Monroe and his miscreants? How about this one…how well armed are they and what do they know of us?”  Liz leaned back in her chair, licked her lips, and waited for the fireworks to erupt.
Minerva beamed, while Tiberius and Rene glowered at her for her perceived impertinence. 
Genevieve spoke softly, “Liz is right, we do not have the right to question those that have worked so attentively. Whatever they are doing, they are doing with good cause and reason.”  Then looking pointedly at Tiberius and Rene, she continued, “Liz, you are next in chain of command, what would you have us do?”
Liz was unprepared for that kind of reaction. Oh crap, she thought, I’ve really stuck my foot in it now. She placed her elbow on the table, and rested her chin in her hand.  “I believe that if the traitor could be found, we would have found him, or her, already. It’s a waste of time to continue exhausting resources that could be used elsewhere. As far as the location of Monroe and the others is concerned, in my opinion that’s where we need to focus our attention. At minimum, we know that they are still out there killing and turning mortals. At maximum, we know that they will be coming for us, if and when they find our location. But first things first, I would like an accounting of what each department is doing right now and how things are going. Who would like to start?”  Liz looked around the room at the others and waited for someone to speak. Still trying her best to appear queenly and in control.
Minerva was the first to answer, “All of my witches have been thoroughly trained in the new arts. We are ready, when the need arises, to fight against the opposing side. There is still the matter of whether or not we should be recruiting some of the more focused vampires to learn Cass' magic. I for one, think it is a good idea for anyone that can learn, to know portal magic at the least.” 
Liz nodded and turned her eyes on Tiberius. Tiberius glowered, adamant that he would not answer to her, regardless of her position on the Council. 
Rene spoke up, “The army is at the ready as well. I believe that we have a capable juggernaut that will be easily aimed at the opposition when the time comes for battle. My primary concern is that we may not have the adequate numbers to function. We have no idea how many Monroe has allowed to be turned. I have been watching news from the outside world and missing persons in the U.S. alone, number in the thousands. Should they be taking humans that will not be missed, it could be more like tens of thousands.”  Rene looked nervously at Tiberius, wondering how far over the line he had stepped with the other leading general of the vampire army. 
Genevieve gave an accounting of the daily tasks and boring details of the goings on in the Citadel. Everyone was performing their required duties and the food supply was still in great form. 
Liz listened, appearing to take everything seriously, all the while thinking about what she should tell these people that had also become friends, to do next. She was certain that this whole “Queen” thing was way out of proportion, she didn’t have the ability or the nerve to boss anyone around, especially thousand year old vampires!  After addressing the minor details, everyone sat in expectation of new orders. Everyone except Tiberius, who was so angry that his naturally pale face had turned red with fury. 
The room was quiet and filled with tension. Liz looked at Tiberius and waited. As the seconds drew out to minutes, she began to tap her fingers impatiently on the table, still staring at the furious general. Finally tired of the whole ordeal she spoke quietly, “You agreed with the hierarchy of the Council when it was established. You put forth no argument when the first votes were cast. I have no idea when the others will return. I do not know how long what they are doing will take them. If you have a problem with the way things are then you have two choices that I can see:  You can recluse yourself from Council meetings until the others have returned, and then we can all vote on your insubordinate behavior or…you can acquiesce that I am the de facto leader until the others arrive and act accordingly. It is your choice, but I will not allow dissension in a time of war, and war is what we are about right now. Now choose.”
The entire Council seemed to hold their breath. Not even the rustle of clothing could be heard. Tiberius’ face had turned ashen with his rage and his eyes glowed with the passion of it. As he continued glaring at Liz, he murderously hissed, “I will not be set aside by a mere child. I will not be ordered around like an imbecile, and I will not, under any circumstances, be talked down to as if I have no merit or worth on this Council. Your assumption of power and control over this Council and its meetings is at an end. Who will stand with me against this girl and her delusions of grandeur?”
Liz stood as he ended; knowing that she would either have to cave to his attempted assertion of control, or once and for all put them all in their respective places and take the lead. She had no idea when the others would return, and if she didn’t take charge and stop the questioning, then she would be forced to answer. 
She glanced at each Council member, trying to read their faces, and gauge where their hearts and loyalty would fall. Her voice, as full of authority as she could muster, echoed in the room, “A line has been drawn. The rules we have all agreed upon, and now live by, are being questioned. The only distinction between us and the renegades are the laws we have chosen to live by. Choose your side carefully. If we disband this Council now, and allow dissension in our own ranks, then how do we differ from the renegades that we seek to destroy?”  Liz once again took her seat, her face serene and set, and although she did not realize it, she had an air of royalty about her.
One by one, the council members began to stand, with the exception of Tiberius. Tiberius began to smile. Beginning with Minerva, the entire Council spoke out their vote, each of them pledging their allegiance to Liz and Council law. 
Rene was the only member that hesitated and was the last to speak. “You ask that I place my vote with the others, and so I shall, but first I must have my say. I am greatly troubled by what is happening here, as we all are I am certain. The quest for power and control has always been a blight on a vampire’s existence. Many battles have been fought and lost due to its attempted acquisition.” 
He lowered his head, placing his hand on Tiberius’ shoulder. “Should you pursue this road my friend, then you are leading us over the same path of devastation we have already traveled. For myself, I have no problem with Elizabeth leading the Council; we were united in agreement on the hierarchy of the Council. I have no reason to second-guess that decision now. Counsel yourself brother, take stock in what you are proposing. We have no cause to question her loyalty to the vampire nation or her ability to make wise decisions. Think clearly and cast your vote, either with us or for yourself, but know that my vote resides with the law, and the law states that she is my leader when the others are away.”
Tiberius glared at the council members. He had not been bluffing when calling for a vote. Nor was he flippant about leaving if the vote was against him. His muscles stiffened as he attempted to control his shock and anger.  Even Rene stood against him? 
Seeing his uncertainty, Liz moved to him. Kneeling, her eyes met his as she reached out and took his hand. “I am not asking you to make me Queen of the Vampires,” she squeezed his hand. “I am asking that we follow protocol until the others return. I know everything they are doing, but believe me when I tell you that my orders came from Gregorio himself, and I do not have the right to inform you. I don’t want to be your enemy. We need you here. We need your expertise and valuable insight, but the law is the law. All of you taught me that, and that is all I am trying to uphold.”
Tiberius met her kind gaze with a look of utter shame, and then standing, pulled Liz to her feet, and gruffly said, “My vote is with the Council as well. I am humbled by all of you. I will not be the one to destroy what we have worked so hard to accomplish.”
Sighs of relief echoed off the old stone walls. It was finished, the Council would remain intact and loyalty to the law had been established. Liz quickly walked back to her seat and said, “Let’s tackle these other subjects people. It would be wonderful if we could give some help to the others when they arrive. First things first, Tiberius and Rene, how would you two go about infiltrating the opposing factions?”  
Rene’s face lit up with exultation. “I just had a thought. We need our own spy, and now we have the perfect opportunity to put that in motion. Let me tell you what I have in mind…”


Chapter Twenty-Four
All Work With No Play Makes For A Long Day

Liz knew she was dreaming. Realistic as it was, there was a part of her that understood what she was seeing was not real. She was in a small seedy bar, standing by the jukebox that blared 80’s Rock. Several women danced and undulated to the music on the scant linoleum dance floor stained yellow from nicotine and dried beer. Turning for just a moment, she caught a glimpse of herself in the filth-spattered mirror that covered the wall behind the old jukebox; she was dressed all in black leather, her lips blood red, her pale face hardened and angry. 
Michael sat at the end of the bar across the room. His eyes gleamed with anticipation, his face took on a hungry ravaged look as he watched her. He too wore black leather. Several women in the bar had already noticed him, and were doing their best to draw his attention. 
Seemingly oblivious to the mortal patrons of the place, several vampires were playing pool and hanging out in the corner. Liz felt the thirst emanating from them, she knew they were there to hunt and every mortal in the bar was in danger. No human would leave this place alive. She glanced at Michael who had turned his attention to the other vamps in the corner, and waited for the signal. 
The largest of the others noticed her and sauntered toward her. “What are you doing here?” he demanded. “This is our hunting ground, we have already spoken for it.”  
Liz eyed the man with disdain and then replied condescendingly, “Since when do you have dibs on food? I was not told this hunting ground was off limits.”  
The filthy man leered at her. He reached out to stroke her arm. “You can stay if you like, but I’ll require some sort of payment for indulgence in our feast.” 
Liz bristled at his touch, calmly reaching out she grabbed the offensive hand, twisted it behind him, and pulled him close. Her cheek pressed against the side of his face as she whispered in, “You have no idea who you’re messing with do you? I would suggest that before you ever lay your filthy paws on me again you find that out.”  
The man pushed at Liz, but before he could escape her grip, Michael was on him. He was strong, but not nearly as strong as Liz or Michael, he must have been a newly-made. Those with him, seeing the commotion, immediately came to his aid. The sound of gunfire rang out above the music. Screams echoed off the walls. Many mortals took cover under tables while others shoved and pushed their way through the doors. Liz and Michael quickly dispatched the new ones, and then the scene faded to something entirely different. 
She was seated on a throne. Gregorio stood on her left and Michael on her right. On her head, she wore an elaborately designed gold crown encrusted with diamonds. Kneeling on the floor with armed guards, one at each side, was Monroe. She spoke with authority, “Your punishment is death by sunlight. Take him away.”  
Liz jolted awake. It took a moment to get her bearings, the dream had seemed so real, it was hard to believe she was still lying in bed with Michael. He snored softly. She knew the dream had to mean something. Still troubled, she unconsciously reached out and brushed his hair away from his handsome face, a smile traced her lips as she watched him. He made one super sexy biker. 
Several weeks had passed, and although the others had returned shortly after she had asserted her power over the Council, she remained the Council leader in Cass' absence. Gregorio and the others decided that with the new projects, and the amount of time each would need to be away, it was best to leave Liz in charge. Even Michael had agreed with the decision. Although she was certain that his decision had much more to do with keeping her out of harm’s way, than his trust in her ability to lead them. She spent many long hours in counsel with Brogan before he left on a secret mission known only to her and Gregorio. 
It was three in the afternoon, and Michael would still sleep at least another two hours before rising. The dream troubled Liz. There was something she was meant to see in the dream, and somehow had missed it. Restless and out of sorts, she decided to get dressed and go for a walk about the castle. Jenna and Angie would be in Jenna’s room (probably playing), so she could go visit with them until the uneasiness wore off.
Liz knocked once on Jenna’s door and opened it. As suspected, Angie and the child were in the middle of a very serious game of alphabet zoo. From the looks of the tally marks on the score sheet, Angie was getting stomped. Jenna smiled at Liz and raised her index finger. Liz laughed and settled on the floor beside the small table.
“Okay, Jenna, we are on W,” Angie said.
“Wolverine! Now you have X!” 
“I always get stuck with X. That’s why you keep winning!”  
Jenna leaned forward, narrowing her eyes. “It’s your turn, do you have it or not?”  
“X-ray fish.”  
“You used that last time. You can’t use it again, that’s cheating!”  
Angie threw her hands in the air, scowled at Liz, and muttered something about five year olds being too smart for their own good. 
Jenna clapped her hands. “I win again. Go me!” 
“Hey kid, nobody likes a bragger.”  Angie tussled Jenna’s hair. She grinned and turned to Liz, “Can you believe what I have to put up with around here?”
 Liz shrugged and winked at Jenna. “Find one you can win, or get a dim-witted partner.”

***

Angie looked better every day. The demon cleansing process had nearly wiped her mind. In the beginning, they were not sure she would make a full recovery. As the days passed, she recovered her glittering personality. Except for an occasional look of pain that momentarily crossed her face, Angie seemed quite normal.
Jenna was a completely different story, she had not snapped back to her natural personality. She had temper tantrums on a regular basis and was prone to fits of pouting. Liz’s mother assured her the behavior Jenna exhibited was perfectly normal for a child her age. Liz was not so certain, there were times when Jenna would get a faraway look and become very quiet. She wasn’t hearing voices anymore, but she still seemed to know things she shouldn’t know. 
After they returned to the castle with the girl, the Council made one last effort to find Cass. Neither she nor Dan could be found anywhere. They visited the cabin several times, but there didn’t seem to be anyone living there. There were no clues to their whereabouts or any indications they had ever been to the cabin. That alone made Liz a nervous wreck. She knew Cass would never leave her daughter, and even though Dan was having trouble adjusting to the change, he wouldn’t have either.
Things were not going well, the natives were restless. The Council was still working hard, but only those who were directly involved felt any sense of fulfillment or purpose. If something did not happen soon, both the vampires and witches would probably start heading back to their own homes and lives, depleting the army to an ineffectual number. 
Liz quietly rocked back and forth in the old walnut rocking chair, pondering all these things. Angie went back to helping Jenna with her schoolwork. It was just too much, she was too young to be leading a group this size, not to mention age, not to mention vampires!  Maybe the dream had meant that they should leave the castle and search for the others. Maybe they weren’t supposed to be hiding away in the Citadel waiting for the other shoe to drop. She was tired of doing nothing too. Everyone had things to do outside the Citadel, except her. 
Gregorio, Athena, and Michael, were gone frequently, sometimes for days at a time, while she sat there handling the dreary day-to-day tasks, keeping everyone in check. It wasn’t a bad idea to get out in the world and see what was going on, was it? She was up for killing a few bad guys and making some wrongs right. She was up for just about anything that didn’t involve hearing Gen’s accounting of the daily tasks and who was bickering with whom about whatever. Of course getting Michael and the others to agree with her would be rather difficult, but they had put her in charge of the Council. She was the leader, wasn’t she? So as the leader, she ought to be able to do what she wanted or at least attempt it. “Oh for Pete’s sake.” she said.
“What?” asked Angie.
“Sorry, it’s nothing, I’m just thinking out loud I guess.” 
“Spill it, Liz. I can see it’s not nothing. That nothing has been bothering you for days, and don’t tell me it’s just Council business either. I know it’s not just that.”  
“I’m just tired of this. We are all tired of this. Doing nothing, hiding here, and letting the whole world pass us by. And all the while, Monroe and the others are out there hurting people and doing whatever they want. I’m sick of it. Don’t you ever wish you could go back to your old life at the fortress, Angie?”
“Are you serious? I’m mean really!  Go back to that old musty place with nothing to do but clean silver and dust, and no one for company except old people and ghosts? Get a grip. Do you know that I can go out in the sun for almost two hours now if it’s not in the heat of the day? Do you have any idea how phenomenal that is? You’re just feeling sorry for yourself. I know all about that, I used to do it all the time.”  Angie made a ticking noise with her mouth and shook her head as she finished.
She was right, she was just feeling sorry for herself. Liz smiled and shook her head thinking, I seriously suck at this whole leader/queen thing. 
“What now?” 
“You’re right. Thanks for being honest with me.”  Liz patted her on the shoulder headed for the door.
“Of course, I’m right.”  Angie called after her. I’m right more than anyone ever gives me credit for, she thought as the door closed.
Out in the corridor, the evening sun seeped in through the open windows, casting a pinkish purple glow along the stone tiles of the floors and walls. 
The scents of the coming night were crisp and clean with the faint fragrance of green grass and flowers. Mother earth was waking from her winter nap and preparing to burst forth with life. She went over to the window to feel the last rays of the day on her skin and the rustle of the breeze in her hair. Bursts of purple and pink haloed in orange painted the western horizon. Many there that had grown immune enough to watch the sunset now. Some rose early and went to bed late, just to catch the sun rising and setting. Michael was one of them; she felt a mental nudge as he awoke, and smiled as reached out to her empty side of the bed. “Where are you?”  
“I’m coming my love, I was just spending some time with the girls”  
Michael stood at the window watching the last rays of light fall from the sky. When she entered their room, he smiled, and motioned for her to join him at the window. “I can’t get over how beautiful it all is. To think I have missed centuries of this magnificence astounds me.”  He took her in his arms and kissed her. 
“You’re so in love with the sun that I pale in comparison now, I’d guess.”  Liz laughed. 
Michael cocked an eyebrow and set his mouth in a wry grin. “Oh yes. I’m afraid that next to the sun you are very pale. Even the moon and the stars still have more beauty than you, little one. But on the upside…I don’t sleep with them do I?”  
She pretended to be angry, before the serious look on her face burst into a smile; then disentangling herself from his arms, she moved to the wardrobe and began finding him something to wear. 
“I am perfectly capable of doing that myself you know.” he told her.
“Yes, you are, but since I am playing wifey now, it is my duty to see that my man is dressed appropriately for Council meetings.”  
“Liz, there’s no meeting tonight. What are you talking about?” 
“Um…yes there is, I called one. Well I am going to call one as soon as we are dressed.”  
“What’s up?” he asked as he pulled her onto the bed.
She pushed at him, trying to break free. “Nothing’s up. Well nothing I want to talk about now…and I can’t get you dressed if you insist on taking off my clothes!”  
“Me thinks thou doest protest too much, my queen.” Michael laughed, still attempting to disrobe her.
“Geeze, I hate it when you call me that!”  
Michael released her. He loved to look at her, as far as he was concerned, the sun did pale in comparison. He noticed the stress in her shoulders and the funny way she had of tilting her head to the side when she was deep in thought. He knew she was hiding something. But, he knew if she didn’t want to talk about it, no amount of coaxing would change her mind. He smiled to himself as he thought about her stubborn streak. They made a good match. Neither one would allow the other to push too hard, everything was fifty-fifty all the way. 
Liz turned around just in time to see him smiling. “What’s so funny?”
“You’re funny.”  He said.
“I am not.” 
“Oh yes, darling you’re hysterical. You don’t even realize how funny you are. Why you could be a stand-up comedian and make millions.”  
Liz chuckled and a pair of dress pants whizzed over his head. “Mister Sarcasm, you can kiss my ass.”
“Oh I’ll do more than that.”  Michael grabbed her again, and pulled her back on the bed. Liz didn’t fidget or try to get away. She leaned into his kiss and slid her arms around him. His hands moved down her back sending chills throughout her. A low moan escaped her lips as his fangs sunk into her neck. For just a moment, the memory of the needed meeting flashed in her mind. Then her body took over, and the sweet taste of him sent her soaring into the heavens.

***

The Council had arrived, except for Tiberius, who was doing his best to infiltrate a renegade camp. They mingled, making small talk until Liz took her seat. The room quieted in anticipation. 
Because Liz had called the meeting, it was her place to begin; she glanced at Michael, took a deep breath, and spoke. “I know that we had agreed that tonight would be a night for rest and recuperation, and I am very sorry to take you away from that, but I feel like this is important.”  
Pausing to glance at Minerva, she continued, “I’ve had a dream.”
Soft murmurs fluttered around the room.
“In this dream, Michael and I were in a bar. We took out a clan of newly-made renegades.”  She bit her lip and paused again. 
Gregorio cleared his throat with impatience, wanting her to continue. 
Liz sighed and went on with her tale. “We were there solely to take them out. After we killed them, the scene shifted to something completely different.”  She rubbed the palms of her hands down her denim covered hips.  The heel of her foot bounced against the floor.
Seeing her discomfort, Minerva said, “It’s all right, Liz, go on.”  
Liz took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. “I hate this, so please understand that I—well…the dream shifted, and I was sitting on a throne with a crown on my head. Monroe was at my feet with two armed guards. On my order, they beheaded him.”  Head down and eyes closed, she waited for a response.
Liz peaked out of the corner of her eye to gage Michael’s reaction to what she had told them. He was grinning ear to ear and staring right at her; it was definitely not the response she expected from him. 
“What do you believe the dream meant Elizabeth?” Gregorio asked.
“Well, a couple different things, I think. I believe that it is partly an answer to a problem that has become pretty high on our list of issues. I think we’ve sat too long with nothing to do. So this is what I am proposing, we could have small groups go hunting. Small numbers wouldn’t be noticed, and we could take out the renegades a few at a time.”
“Yes, we have enough able fighters here to send fifty groups of say three, maybe five fighters.”  Rene chimed in.
Liz nodded and gave him a grateful smile. “The thing is…they are not hiding. They are living in plain sight. That’s why we can’t find the whole group, it’s not whole anymore.”
“Brilliant.”  Gregorio’s fist hit the table. A triumphant grin spread over his face. “Killing and feeding is what they do best. It is entirely possible that other than Monroe’s Council and a few followers, they have broken into smaller clans.”
“I say we take them out. I say we stop sitting here waiting and do something about what is going on out there.”  Liz watched the faces of those around the Council table trying to judge how each would react to her statement. Michael was still grinning. Surprisingly, nothing she’d said made him mad. They were all smiling; every one of them had yearned to do something that had some kind of purpose.  
“Bring it to a vote. I vote yes, it is the best idea we’ve heard since Tiberius left on his mission. Our people need something to do; they have too much time on their hands.”  Minerva said.
“I agree.” said Rene.
“Call for a vote then. If we are going to put this into motion then let us do it correctly.” Gregorio gruffly ordered.
Liz stood and said, “I call for a vote on this proposal, all in favor say aye.”  
Each Council member stood and in unison said, “Aye.”  
“No’s?” Liz questioned. 
Laughter reverberated as Gregorio said, “All right then. Take your seats.”
Michael only argued with Liz over one aspect of her idea; he did not want her to be part of the termination groups. Before they had time to get into a heated argument, Gregorio vetoed Michael and put him in his place. It had been Liz’s dream, and she was there fighting. If they were going to follow the guidance of the dream, they would do it in the manner set before them. 
Word spread quickly of what was to be done, and by the time the Council recessed, vampires and witches lined the hall leading to the Council chambers. Fifty groups of four were chosen. Each group contained three vampires and one witch.  Each time they exterminated a clan, they were to report to the Council any information obtained. 
The teams received money and an address to one of Michael’s safe houses. They would start from there and work their way out to other areas of the country. With any luck, half of Monroe’s army would be obliterated before he could bring the war to their doorstep.


Chapter Twenty-Five
The Thin Line Between Right And Wrong

“I just can’t believe that you are going to leave me out of this!” Angie shouted for the seventh time. 
Michael and Liz had been saying their goodbyes when she flew off the handle. “This is not fair. I worked hard to train, and I am just as good as any of the rest of them. I trained over half of them.” Angie paced the room in quick strides. 
“I know that, but it’s beyond my control. You have to take this up with your mother.” Liz pleaded.
“Oh don’t blow that smoke up my ass. You’re the Council leader, or is that all just bullshit? How could you want to go out there without me to watch your back? I thought you were my best friend.”  Angie threw herself in a chair. A deafening screech permeated the air as it skidded back, and banged against the wall. A puff of dust rose up and slowly settled on her. She sputtered as she wiped it from her face, glowering the entire time.
Fighting the urge to laugh, Liz kept her voice flat and even. “Now, Angie, you know we both want you there, but this is your mother we are talking about. She made the decision.” 
Michael didn’t find her tantrum amusing. “Oh grow up, would you? Everyone does what they’re told around here, including me and you.”  Michael turned to Liz, “Can we just go already?”
“Well, I oughta just go out there and do it by myself!  I took out Sekhmet alone, or has everyone just forgotten about that?”  Angie asked.
Liz gave Michael a mental eye roll. “Angie, please be reasonable.”
She would not be swayed. 
She was not going to listen to reason or change her mind about going. Liz called Athena and asked for her assistance. Angie continued ranting and raving until Athena walked through the door. From the moment she entered, the girl focused her efforts on her mother.
“Mother, this is not fair!  You know it’s not. We three have been together since the beginning of this, it’s not right that you separate us now. They only have three in their group and the Council said it should be four.” 
“Yes dear, I understand why you are upset, but Michael is an assassin. There is no point in using valuable manpower when he can do the work alone. Even I am not leaving for these missions, Angel; I will be here with you as well.”  Athena coaxed.
Angie stomped her foot in a fit of fury, and folded her arms across her chest. Michael looked askance at Athena. She nodded and pointedly glanced at the door. Michael and Liz told Angie goodbye and headed back to their room.

***

They returned to find Avery waiting by their door. She’d grown to be a thorn in the side of most of the witches and the vampires at the castle. Avery was large framed, not fat just a little pudgy, with darker skin and short hair dyed apple red. Her height, and the fact she towered over most of the castle occupants, caused her to be a bit of a bully. That coupled with an attitude that would offend even the sweetest of people, made it difficult for most to enjoy her company. 
Avery had just turned eighteen when she moved into the Citadel, and like many others her age, thought she knew everything about everything. She didn’t take orders. Not from anyone, at any time. But she did seem to enjoy being with Michael and Liz. 
Liz had learned from Genevieve, Avery’s coven leader, that she had no family. She’d moved from one foster home to another until emancipated at sixteen. According to Gen, Avery was a natural witch. Gen figured that the girl would be utilized best with Michael and Liz because there was at least half a chance she would obey.
“Avery.”  Michael said as he nodded and went in to retrieve the bags.
“Hey Ave, sorry we’re late.”  Liz said.
“No problem, I’ve only been here twenty minutes. I was going to give you another thirty before I left.”  Avery answered.
Liz stifled the frustration that bloomed inside her and smiled again. “No need for that now, we’ll be out of here in a jiff.” 
“Do we have to take her? I can‘t believe we’re stuck with her for a cover story. If we are careful, no one will know you can make portals. How are we going to blend into crowds? You plan on hanging out with a circus?”  Michael shot from inside the room.
Liz pressed her lips together and pulled them between her teeth to keep from smiling. “Shut up.”
“She can’t hear me.”
“Well she can see me.”
Michael came out of the room with knives and swords strapped all over his body, and one small bag in his hand.
Liz shook her head. “Clothes?”
“Right here.”  He said holding up the small bag, and grinning from ear to ear.
Shaking her head from side to side, she replied, “Think maybe you should put on a coat or something? If one human catches a glimpse of you, they’ll be calling the cops.”
Michael winked. “I’m good. There are no humans where we’re going. I guarantee it.”
“Make the portal Ave. Let’s get moving.”  Liz said.
Avery opened a portal to Michael’s cabin and one at a time, they entered.

***

The cabin was just as she remembered, with one minor difference; it was occupied by vampires. As Michael requested, Avery brought them out just behind the old garage. They felt the presence of the others immediately. This was not a small clan that inhabited the area. There were at least ten, possibly more vampires within just a few feet. Liz lightly scanned the renegade’s minds. “Still sleeping.”
“Good. We have a little time.” Michael answered.
He turned to Avery and motioned for her to create a portal and return to the castle. She looked terrified, but shook her head obstinately. Liz grabbed the girl’s arm and pulled her close enough to whisper in her ear. “You have to leave now, there are too many. Should any get past us, you would be in great danger. I’ll send for you when it is finished.”  
Avery shook her head. 
Michael was furious, but did not have time to deal with her. The others were waking and would soon sense their presence. 
Liz opened her mind and let it stretch out into the woods around them, taking in the dilapidated garage and the house. She felt no one inside the garage, most were in the cabin or buried in the ground around front. She pushed Avery through the garage door. “Stay put,” she hissed.
Avery nodded once and began digging through her knapsack for charms and potions.
Michael and Liz pulled out their swords and crept to the back door of the house. It would be best if they could take those inside by surprise before dealing with the others in front. Before they could enter, the element of surprise was lost. Someone inside yelled in warning. 
A loud boom resonated as Michael kicked in the back door. Splinters of wood flew in all directions. Michael and Liz entered with a fury. Keeping the leader for questioning was a good idea, but it not practical at this point; there were too many. 
Three renegades crouched in the kitchen. Growling and hissing, two launched towards Michael. The other came at Liz. His head flew across the room and slammed into the wall before he could make contact. Michael dispatched the other two and went into the living room. 
Liz felt a nudge from the left. Another vampire rushed out of the bathroom. Turning, she sliced him neatly in half, surprised that she had missed his head. She took another swing and took his head off at the shoulders. Blood splattered all over her, the walls, and floor. For an instant, she thought, “Crap it’s going to take forever to clean this mess up,” and then moved into the living room to help Michael. 
In the few seconds it took to get rid of the six renegades in the cabin, the front door burst open and seven more came through it. 
“Outside. It’s too hard to fight in here.” Michael said.
Shards of glass flew as they crashed through the living room windows. Four females faced them as they landed in the front yard. Liz had taken one girl’s head, and was moving towards another, when two of the males they’d retreated from grabbed her from behind. She doubled over bringing them with her.  As their grip loosened, she launched into the air and tucked into a roll. Before she’d hit the ground, one lost an arm for his effort, and the other took a blow to the head. 
Michael efficiently mowed down three more and was working on two others. Flashes of light bounced off the metal as his sword spun into a blur. Both renegades proficiently ducked and dodged the deadly blade, keeping their heads intact. Their other body parts weren’t so lucky. Severed fingers, an arm removed at the elbow, and even a foot lay strewn about the yard.
The one armed vampire’s head landed with a dull thud as Liz turned towards the next attacker. A blood curdling scream rose from behind the house. “Shit,” she exclaimed and glanced at Michael. “Avery!”
He fought two males and the three remaining females; she knew he could handle them, but she did not want to leave him to fight alone. “Go!” he yelled. 
Liz growled and with one long hard stroke sliced through his neck. Without waiting for the body to fall, she raced behind the cabin. 
Avery and a male renegade circled each other in the back yard. He moved to the left and she’d move to the right. Her face was already bruised and swelling from at least one blow she’d received. 
Liz screamed in rage at the tattered newly-made and advanced on his position, prepared to cut him to shreds. She barely felt the blow that slammed her into the outside wall of the broken-down garage. As if in slow motion, she watched as her sword soared through the air in the opposite direction. Landing on her feet, she crouched low and hissed. A female from the front yard had somehow escaped Michael, and now held her sword firmly in her grasp. 
The male laughed and made a lunge at Avery, while the woman snarled viciously at Liz. 
Liz leapt to where Avery stood. In one fluid motion, she shoved the girl behind her. Her eyes moved between the two attackers as she hissed, “You have to get through me first.”  
“With pleasure,” the male returned. 
The renegades assumed positions on either side of her. Liz laughed at their inexperience. She’d been trained for this. It was obvious they hadn’t been. 
“You’re pretty tough with your fancy sword, but let’s see how good you are at hand-to-hand, bitch.” the woman sneered.
Liz slid her hand behind her back and pulled a long dagger from its sheath. Bringing it out to the side, she smiled and motioned with her free hand. “You going to run your mouth, or do something?”
 The woman returned her smile, tossed the sword to the male, and said, “Kill her, Carl.”
Avery leaned into Liz’s back and whispered, “Duck down.”  
Liz refused with a quick shake of her head. It wouldn’t do them any good if the know-it-all girl got herself killed playing hero. 
“Duck down.” Avery fiercely repeated. 
Now both the male and female advanced, if they both came at her at the same time there would be no way to keep Avery safe. Liz crouched so low that she looked like a tiger waiting to pounce. 
As soon as Liz was low enough to open up Avery’s line of sight, the girl threw a potion bottle at the male. On contact, it exploded in a red cloud of dust. He flew back into the trees nearly two hundred yards. The female screamed in rage. 
Liz was on her in a heartbeat. The dagger moved in and out, cutting and slicing like a knife through butter. The woman was easy prey for someone with Liz’s training. Her body went limp as Liz pulled her close and sunk her fangs into the woman’s neck. 
Blood gushed from the gash as she gurgled in pain. The hot bitter fluid rushed into Liz’s mouth. Even though she had not intended to swallow any, it coursed through her giving her a new sense of power. Liz leaned her head back and screamed in victory, then threw the female off to the side and headed for the male coming out of the trees.
Michael’s hand on her shoulder brought her back to her senses. The male watched them, terror and confusion washing over his face. 
Michael, covered in blood, smirked as he spoke, “The way I see it, you have two choices. You can settle down, talk to us, and hope we let you live. Or you can keep coming and meet death.”  
The male straightened, appearing to have given up the fight, and shrugged his shoulders in acceptance of Michael’s words. “Who are you?” he asked them.
“We are the ones asking questions here. You were in my home and most definitely did not have my permission.”  Michael returned.
Carl gave Michael a derisive look and then suddenly looked very afraid. He nearly stammered when he next spoke, “You’re him? You’re Michael?” 
Michael smirked at the recognition blanketing the man’s face. Some time had passed since he’d seen the fear his name instilled on those of the vampire nation. “I am he, and you and your clan have done me a great disservice. This is my home you so arrogantly took up residence in.”  Michael nodded at Liz. “This is my mate that the lot of you tried to kill.”  With another nod to Avery, he finished. “And last but not least, this is my charge--that you beat and tried to feed upon. What do you propose we do about that, Carl?”
Words gushed from the tattered young vampire’s mouth. “We thought you were dead. All of us did. We were told that you died in the fortress!”  
“Who told you I was dead?” 
“The Council.  They said that you, and all the rogues with you, died when the fortress collapsed.” 
Michael laughed at his answer, and Liz laughed with him. “So Monroe is calling us the rogues now, is he? Well let me tell you something, the Council is in place and not one among Monroe’s friends sit upon it. He, and his followers, have been sentenced to death by the new Council. There are hundreds of assassins now, and all of you who will not bow to the will of the true Council of Elders will die.”  Michael was furious. It had not occurred to any of them that Monroe would take over and act as though they’d never existed. Was it possible that the rest of the vampire nation believed Monroe’s lies and followed him because they thought they had no choice? It was astounding to think anyone could be that stupid!
“I know you won’t believe me, but we were told to live here by the new Council. We were told to protect the area because renegades roamed and killed without cause. Our assignment was to watch over the property and rogue free.”  Carl stammered.
Michael and Liz looked at each other in disbelief as Carl continued, “We don’t even feed on humans most of the time!  We stick to the woods.” 
“Damn!” Michael exclaimed.
“Oh no, Michael,” she whispered. 
Liz was nauseous at the thought of what they’d done. Her heart and body sick with the knowledge that all over the world, hundreds of vampires were being exterminated for believing lies. She looked at Michael in desperation and said, “This is horrible. We have to inform the Council. We have to stop it!”
A faraway look came over his face as he contacted his maker. “Gregorio has been informed. We must return to the Citadel. Carl, you’re coming with us.”


Chapter Twenty-Six
Saving Grace

Even after hours of debate and argument, the Council remained divided over what to do about the roving renegade clans that may not actually be traitors. The termination teams were recalled, and thankfully, most had time, or the opportunity, to make contact with any nests. Few of the council members had a problem with taking out the other nests. According to vampire law, they shouldn’t exist to start with. 
“We are right back where we started.” Rene spouted angrily. “If we don’t do something, anything, then we might as well go join the other Council and give up on all that we have been trying to accomplish here!”
Angered by Rene’s do-or-die attitude, Athena spoke up, “Be reasonable, Rene. These newly-changed did not ask to be turned.  Nor did they ask to enlist in a war, and they most certainly weren’t given a chance choose a side. We cannot in good conscience, sentence them to death without first discovering where their loyalties lie. It is a travesty to our own law to do such a thing!”
“I agree with you, Athena, but have any of you taken into consideration that this Carl, might be lying to all of us?” Minerva countered. “It is not as if vampires are naturally inclined towards honesty and integrity. No offense meant to those here, of course.”
Liz, still too shaken from the ramifications of what she had done, barely listened. Not once during the battle at the cabin, had she doubted the necessity of her kills. They’d been vicious, even ruthless. She had followed her orders without question. Orders she’d given with no thought to the potential right or wrongness of them. 
Liz half listened while the others argued about what should be done now and Carl’s fate. Some of them wanted him put to death. She couldn’t agree with them until she had more information. It was hard to think with all the bickering, she needed to get out of the Council chambers and be alone. She wanted to walk alone in the woods and think in the peace and quiet of nature, not sit here in this stuffy room suffocating in noise. 
Gregorio began arguing with Rene and the others chimed in here and there. Her nerves were shot she just couldn’t take any more. 
“Just shut up!” shot out of her before she could stop herself. 
The room instantly became silent as all eyes turned to Liz. 
She shook her head and sighed. “I’m sorry, that was rude. I didn’t mean for it to come out like that. I can’t take anymore bickering right now, I really can’t. I need to get out of here and think. So do the rest of you. We’ve been arguing the same positions for hours. No one is thinking clearly at this point. Can’t we just recess and take some time to really mull this over?”
“Well that’s the smartest thing anyone’s said in the last hour.” Callista replied.
“I’d like some time to think as well.” Michael agreed.
Gregorio called for a recess and everyone went off to ponder the situation and try to find a solution to their dilemma. 
Michael walked quietly with Liz through the halls of the Citadel. When they reached the main entrance, she stopped and leaned against the giant wooden doors with a frustrated sigh. They stood there in silence for a short time. Knowing what she needed, he bent down and placed a kiss in the center of her forehead. “Go on darling. Call me when you’re ready to talk.”  
Liz half smiled at him, gave his arm a thankful squeeze, and stepped into the darkness.
She loved walking through the trees at night. She hadn’t enjoyed the act when she was human. Fear of what might be in the woods at night, kept her locked safe and warm in her home. Things were different now. It would be highly unlikely that she’d run across anything more dangerous than herself. The night’s song was in full motion. She listened, letting it calm her as she walked. The wild life, scampering about on their nocturnal errands, didn’t even notice when she passed.  
“Where is Cass? They are all so certain that I am to be their leader, they don’t even question me now,” she thought. She knew without a doubt that she was not nearly as strong as the vampires on the Council, and she was positive that she wasn’t as smart as half of them. Everything those people, her misguided friends, had based their opinions on were only dreams and prophecies. That wasn’t even logical. Sometimes a dream is just a dream. They had been so adamant before about dreams, and everything that Brogan had said, that they had her believing all the malarkey herself. “Think, Liz. Think!” she told herself out loud.
She had been wandering without much thought of where she was going or what she would do when she got there. Looking around her now, she realized she was just outside the clearing where Brogan had made his camp. Even here, she couldn’t concentrate. She didn’t really want to think about what had happened. She wanted someone, anyone, to tell her what to do. Since when is wanting to be told what to do “Queenly?”  Liz sat on the old tree stump that had been Brogans resting place waiting for an epiphany, half hoping the wise old man would show up. 
 Liz had always known right from wrong, that had never been an issue for her. Even when she was young, she had never gotten into much trouble because she had always chosen to do the right thing. Now, there was too much grey area. Killing anyone, anything, without thought to what they were about or what they thought was just wrong. Wasn’t it? A person cannot just randomly go around killing other beings that don’t happen to agree with them, can they? This whole greater good thing, the better for all mankind crap, what does that really all mean? Liz stood and created a portal. She wanted to go back to the cabin. She needed to look death in the face and deal with the reality of what had been done there.

***

Thunder boomed and another bright flash of lightening streaked across the sky. The windows rattled from the force of the wind and rain outside. Liz stood in the kitchen, shocked at first to find no bodies or blood blanketing the kitchen floor, before remembering that Gregorio had sent a cleaning crew to get rid of the evidence. Even the doors and windows had been repaired as if nothing had ever happened there. She could smell the fresh paint on the kitchen walls and was amazed that so much could have been accomplished in just a few hours. 
She meandered thought the rooms, checking to see if anything had been missed or was out of place. Everything appeared to be just as they had left it the first time. She had been looking forward to this being their home for a while, to having Michael alone here in the place where it all started. The place where her love for him began. She sat at the small wood table, waiting for something, but really had no idea what it was. The storm outside raged in perfect harmony with the turbulence inside her. 
Liz’s head snapped back, bringing her out of a daze. She felt them coming. Two vampires moved stealthily towards the cabin, as if they could feel her as well, and took great care in their approach. She let her mind stretch out to them and felt the fear and uncertainty. They were newly-made, not more than six months old, she would bet. She felt no malice from them, just fright and insecurity. 
Liz went to the front door and pulled it open. She moved to the fireplace to get a fire going. They would be chilled after traveling on foot in such a fierce storm. She could feel them just inside the tree line, watching, afraid to come further. Using her mind, Liz called out to them and invited them to enter. “It’s cold and nasty out there, do come in and warm up by the fire. I mean you no harm.”
The couple made it to the front porch and were at least out of the rain, but neither of them wanted to be the first to enter the house. They were close enough now that Liz could tell they were a male and female. Her senses told her that both were very young, almost too young to have been turned in the first place. The fire had grown hot and bright, warming to cabin to a toasty comfortable temperature.
After she had finally enticed the two teens to come in, she lit the old oil lamp on the kitchen table, and flashed them an apologetic smile. “I’m sorry I can’t offer you something warm to drink. The power’s out, so I’m afraid the best I can do is the fire.”
The freckle-faced boy shrugged his shoulders and cocked his head to the side, but remained silent. With his carrot red hair and small build, Liz thought he barely looked fifteen, and the girl could not have been much older. Unusual as it was, her skin had not paled with her turning. She’d remained a deep ebony, with long thick braided corn rows all over her head. The poor dear shivered and quaked. From the look on her face, Liz could tell it wasn’t the weather that bothered the child.
“Please sit down and rest. Go sit by the fire and get warm, I will not hurt you. That is not why I am here.” Liz told them. 
The young people looked hesitantly at her, and then at the fire, before cautiously making their way over to it. 
“It’s okay to talk to me. I won’t bite, I swear. Tell me, what are your names?” she asked.
“My name is Jeremiah, but most of my friends call me Jeremy or Jay. And this is Sharice,” the boy boldly answered.
“Well hello, Jeremy, and Sharice. I am Liz. It’s nice to meet you.”  She stretched out her hand to the boy.
He hesitated for a moment, and then gave it a quick shake.
“Would you mind if I ask what you are doing here?”
“Are we in trouble? We were told to come here and find out where the others went. Do you know where they are?” the boy asked.
“No you’re not in trouble. In fact, I’m glad to see you. I had wanted to be alone tonight, but I’m kind of glad to have some company. How old are you anyhow? You both look to young for turning.” 
“I’m sixteen, and she’s fifteen.” Jeremy proudly replied.
The entire time they talked, Sharice sat with her head down. She didn’t even glance up to take a peek at Liz. They were so young. What kind of idiot would turn a child? It was preposterous!  Liz watched the girl while talking to Jeremy, waiting for her to say something. 
Jeremy finally noticed the concern on Liz’s face and piped up, “She’s deaf. She can’t hear a word your saying. Changing never fixed it. We kind of thought it would in the beginning, you know. That’s why we picked her to start with, but it didn’t work. She can’t hear you unless you use the mind thing. She’s not dumb though. I never understood why they say the deaf and dumb thing; it’s just that she can’t hear is all.”
“What do you mean, when you decided to change her? Who is your maker, and why isn’t he with you?” Liz asked.
“Some guy. I don’t know his name. It kind of happened the same way for all of us, well all of us that live here. Where are they, anyhow? Did they tell you where they were going? It’s not like them to just leave like that and not tell us. We’re sort of a family now.”
Liz thought for a second, and then answered, “There was no one here this evening. The place was empty, but I have only been here for an hour or so.”
“I should probably look for a note then. Maybe we’re supposed to meet them somewhere else.” Jeremy said nervously looking around.
“So, Jeremy, can you tell me some more about how you became a vampire? If you don’t mind I mean. I’m very curious about it. We have several laws you see, and turning young people is really not something that is usually done.”  Liz remarked.
The teen shifted his weight, and for a moment, lost his calm demeanor. He bit his lip and glanced away as if afraid to say anything. Once again meeting Liz’s gaze, he began to speak. “Like I said, it was kind of the same for all of us. We woke up in an old farm house. There were a whole bunch of us. Some guy came in and told us that we were vampires. He said our throats hurt because we needed to feed. A few minutes later, he came back and tossed two live humans on the floor. They were crying and begging us to help them.”
Liz’s stomach twisted inside her. Those poor kids. If she ever found out who’d done this to them, she would kill the bastard herself. Keeping her outward appearance serene, she said, “Wow. Sounds scary. I bet you were really freaked out.”
  Expelling a deep breath, he continued. “We were all kind of scared because we thought the old dude was crazy, but when he brought the people in, we couldn’t stop. It’s kind of like you have too, you know?”  Jeremy hung his head in shame as he spoke the last few words, waiting for Liz to reply.
Liz reached down and smoothed his hair, and answered, “Yes, I know.”  
Eyes gleaming with gratitude for the simple kindness, he smiled. “Just a second, okay?”  He waited for Liz’s nod, and placed his hand on the Sharice’s leg. 
The girl gazed into his eyes as he used his mind to speak to her. Her eyes lit up, and she began to smile. Sharice hugged him excitedly, and focused her eyes on Liz. “I thought you were her. When we first sensed you here, and knew the others were gone, I thought you were her. It seems like we’ve been waiting forever for you to find us!  I’m so glad you’re finally here!  Are you going to take us with you now? You’re not going to leave us here alone are you?” 
“Whatever are you talking about, dear? I’m who? And how have you been waiting on me? I didn’t know myself that I would be coming here before a few hours ago.”  Liz was shocked at the girl‘s reaction.
“I had a dream, we all did, and you were in it. You, the warrior, and the old man who spoke.” 
Liz was confused. None of it made sense. The girl looked at Jeremy and said, “Tell her Jay, tell her about the dream!”
Jeremy began explaining to Liz that most of the new ones had dreamed, within the first few nights of their turning, about Liz, a younger man, and a really old man. The really old man had visited them in their dreams and showed them Liz and the other man. He told them that she was to be the mother of the vampire nation and would help them. He told them that when the time was right, and she had control, she would send others to find them and take them to a new home where they would be safe and happy. The old man also said that if they were patient and did the right thing, they would be able to live with others of their kind and even have families. 
“You have a husband, right? You have a husband with black hair, and he’s real strong, and a good fighter, right?” Jeremy asked. 
“I have a mate. His name is Michael.”  Liz answered still confused.
“Well Michael is going to be our father. That’s what the old man said. He’s going to train us how to fight and to be noble. And after the war comes, you’re going to be Queen. What I don’t understand is why they don’t just make you Queen now.” Jeremy laughed.
Liz brought her hand to her temple and began massaging the area. The old man had to be Brogan, but what the heck was he up too sending dreams of her to changelings? Michael, undoubtedly, will find it hysterical that he is to be a father to countless vampire children. This is crazy! 
Michael must have felt her mind go into a spin. “Where are you? What the hell is going on?”  
“I’m at the cabin. Nothing is wrong, but you need to get my great-grandmother or someone to bring you here. You need to hear this.” 
“Hear what? What are you doing there? Liz, I am tired of you running off alone. Didn't you learn anything today about the danger out there?”  
“Michael, just get here, and for God’s sake don’t bring your sword.” 
Liz watched the children sitting by the fire. They seemed so calm and peaceful now. Their faces and smiles illuminated with anticipation. “Michael is coming. Sometimes he can seem a little…well a little overwhelming. But don’t be afraid, he can be a teddy bear too. He’ll be arriving shortly with a witch.”  
The children gasped.
“It’s okay. It will probably be my great-grandmother. Don’t believe everything you’ve heard about witches,” she said with a wink.
While they waited, she questioned them more about where they had been, what they had done and seen, and soon the others arrived.
Michael came through the portal first, followed by Angie, Gregorio, Athena, and Minerva. When they noticed the young teenagers by the fire, their facial expressions held a myriad of emotions. Anger. Disappointment. Even disgust.
Liz looked at Michael, rolled her eyes, and shook her head, saying, “Do you have to make a big production of everything?”  
 He shrugged and pointed at the children. “What is that?”
Liz’s face turned red. “Michael….”
Gregorio cleared his throat before she had the chance to continue. Liz regained her composure motioned to the living area. “Would you please find a seat. My new friend here has some information for you.”  Liz motioned to the empty seats around the table. 
The fact that they all listened to her and quietly did what she asked was not lost on Jeremy or Sharice. They traded knowing glances and smiles.
“Jeremy, if you would be so kind as to repeat your story to my friends?”  Liz said. 
She was right about Michael finding it hysterical that he was to be the “father” of new vampire nation; he actually laughed out-loud when the boy got to that part. Liz gave him a “stop it” look, and he quieted down, but was still grinning over the unintended joke. 
When Jeremy got to the part about Liz being Queen, Athena and Gregorio shared a conspiratory look, but did not say a word. Once he had finished his tall tale, Gregorio started asking him questions. “Tell me about those that were staying here in this house.” 
“Well, all of them were new, but not as new as me and Shar. Some of them were okay. Carl, he was the best of them, he wouldn’t ever let the other ones pick on us or boss us around too much. They were all older though.” Jeremy replied.
“Do you know what they were doing here?” Gregorio asked.
“No sir. Only that the Council told them to stay here and guard the place. The Council is pretty bossy, if you know what I mean. Everyone has to go here, and do this and that, and if you don’t…you end up dead.”  
“Who was the leader here?”  Liz asked.
“Her name is Claire, she’s mean. I mean really mean!  I think that’s why they made her leader because she really liked to kill people, you know?” 
“I thought you said they were like family to you, Jeremy?” Liz questioned.
“Well, I guess they were. I mean I never had a family, most of us didn’t. See, we used to be street kids. I left my mom and pops a couple years ago. All they wanted to do was get drunk and do drugs and beat on each other. When they got tired of knocking each other around, they’d start on me. That ain’t much of a family, you know? Anyhow most of us (the ones our age), we all come from the streets, some of us from foster homes. Except for Stevie, he’s from an orphanage. He’d finally escaped from that hell hole, and two days later got turned into a vampire. How’s that for rotten luck?” 
“Just exactly how many of you are there?” Michael asked.
“I don’t know for sure, maybe fifty that I’ve met. But I’ve heard them talking about it at headquarters, and it sounds like there’s whole armies of us. Tons. Somebody messed up and made too many our age and now they don’t know what to do with us. They can’t get rid of us because they need us. We are supposed to fight you guys, I guess, in this big war that don’t seem to ever happen, so they have to keep us. We don’t want to fight you guys. For the record, we don’t want to fight anyone.”
Liz looked at the others. “There’s only one thing we can do. We have to take them back to the castle. And we need to figure out what to do about this new issue.”
“Do? It’s not our problem.”  Michael returned.
Athena placed her hand on Gregorio’s shoulder. “You do agree that we cannot allow this? This is our problem whether we created it or not.”
Deep in thought, Gregorio nodded. “It must be addressed and a course of action must be taken. After centuries of knowing the man, I am still appalled by the depths of his malevolence.”  
Both teens stood without being told and waited to be taken with Liz. They didn’t even bother asking questions. Minerva opened a portal and the group returned to the Citadel.
***
During the Council meeting, Liz noticed changes in the attitudes of her fellow council members. Everyone that spoke, seemed to be speaking to her. When they had ideas or questions, they addressed Liz and waited for her response. She began to wonder just when these changes had occurred. Was this a new thing, or had it been going on for a while? 
The leaders were in agreement that something must be done to help these children who had been so thoughtlessly changed. Even Rene, who had previously argued so strongly for putting all the outside clans to death, had changed his tune. What had been done to these countless young people was repulsive and unconscionable. They were children!  It was possible that not all were as Jeremy and Sharice. Some of them might truly be monsters, but those that were not had to be saved. It was the appropriate thing to do. After discussing the issue, they invited Jeremy and Shar in to speak with them. 
The teens entered the room wide-eyed with amazement, but did not seem fearful. They walked straight to Liz’s chair and sat on the floor beside her. Both of them answered every question. The teens had more information to give them than they had originally thought possible. 
Monroe was having serious trouble with his followers, his Council was continuously at odds with each other. There had already been several attempts to throw Monroe out of his position of authority. The newly-made had been fighting not only with the old ones, but among themselves as well. For several months, the renegade army had been disbanded, having been told they would be recalled at some point. Any refusing to return to headquarters, would face death. The hordes of vampires had broken up into their own clans, some returning to previous clan affiliations, while others began new nests. They had no idea how many new vampires existed, but when they looked into Jeremy’s mind to view his memories, it appeared to be thousands. Michael estimated that at least two if not three thousand new ones had been created, many of them children. It was diabolical!
The children knew nothing of Tiberius so there was no way to be sure if he had managed to infiltrate Monroe’s inner circle. Not a soul on the Council had heard word from him since the day he left. When the questioning was at an end, Athena brought up the subject of what was to be done with the two teens. They were obviously getting tired, and it was well past daybreak. 
Liz smiled at the two sitting so close to her and questioned, “What would you like to do? Would you like to stay here with us and become part of our family?”  
Relief washed over Jeremy’s face as he replied, “That is what we are supposed to do. If you want us here.”
“I want you here. We all want you here, and not only that, we want you to help us find those that are like you and bring them here too.” Liz told him. Liz thought for a moment and then said, “My good friend, Angie, will help you learn our rules. There is one very important rule that must not break. If you do, then I’m afraid we will have no choice but to sentence you to death. Do you understand?” she asked. 
Both of them nodded. 
“A human child lives with us. Her name is Jenna. She is like a daughter to most of us here. She is not to be touched or harmed in any way. She is here for safekeeping and because we love her. Should you try to harm her, it is highly unlikely that you would live through your attack. Jenna’s protector is a formidable fighter, and will have your throats out before you can blink.”
Wide eyed, the teens nodded again.
Liz motioned to Gen, and the woman took them to find rooms. Rooms were going to be hard to come by. At some point they would need to think about turning some of the larger rooms into dormitories of sorts. They would need at least two to start with, one for boys and the other for girls. She mentioned this to the others while still thinking about what else needed to be done. While she was in verbal thought, Gregorio put Rene and his soldiers on that detail and made arrangements for Callista to have the necessary funding to purchase more bedding. 
Half hearing what Gregorio said to the others, Liz piped in, “We’ll need extra clothing on hand too. Most of them will probably not have many, if any, belongings.” 
Gregorio pointed and Callista. She nodded and left the chambers.
Lost in brooding thought, Liz paid no attention to what was happening around her. “And food. What are we going to do about food? We have plenty now, but if there really are thousands of them…good god, how do we feed that many? Livestock maybe? I guess we could have our own animal farm. Why not? Humans do it all the time, right?”
Gregorio nodded to Rene. He returned the nod and left the chamber. 
As she threw out each new thought, Gregorio would point or nod to one of the remaining council members. In turn, the selected person would leave to begin work on that particular project. 
Her last verbal thought was about finding enough teachers to educate the new comers to Council law and prepare them for life as a constructive member of the vampire nation. Gregorio rose and left to make the necessary preparations for that situation.
The room was silent. With the exception of Michael, the entire Council had been put to work. He gazed upon her with pride and awe. 
Realizing that the room had gone quiet, she came out of her pensive state and looked around. “Where has everyone gone?” she asked. 
“They are making the preparations you require.” he answered quietly.
Her face clouded by confusion, she replied, “I require? I required nothing. I was just thinking out loud.”  
Michael leaned in and tenderly kissed her lips. He stood and pulled her to her feet saying, “I love you.”  
“I love you too,” she laughed as she replied. Raising to the tip of her toes, she pressed her lips against his and slid her arms around his waist. Her head resting against his muscled chest, she sighed. 
 “You never cease to amaze me. Brogan was right about you. Crown or no, you are our leader.”
“But—“
Michael gently pushed her away, just enough to look into her eyes. “Like it or not, you are already our Queen.  You we will be our saving grace. Not from Monroe or the renegades, but from the darkness within. With your leadership, we will be able to live without guilt and shame. Somehow, for some reason, you always know the right thing to do, and I for one, will follow you anywhere. I believe they all will now. Baael was wrong. There is a bright side of darkness.”
Liz gazed into his eyes, her own clouded with doubt. “I can’t do these things. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
“You are doing what most of us have been attempting to do for a very long time. You are being human.”  
Liz sighed as she surveyed the empty room. “There are so many, Michael. How will we ever find them all?”
“You are the new mother of the vampire nation. You will know how to find them.”  Michael smiled as he reached up and tweaked her nose.
“My children, huh?”  She said. She shook her head, and her smile grew. “Not just mine. Ours. Our lost children need to come home.”
“In time.”
“Not nearly enough of it, I’m afraid.”
Michael’s eyebrow arched as his lips slid into a slow grin. “My darling, we have eternity. How much more time do you require?”
Hand in hand they left the Council chambers. Soft whispers followed them down the corridor. 



And So It Began.


###
Author Bio

Willow Cross resides in Arkansas with her husband, two children still young enough to live at home, an enormous cat named Bitsy, and a wuss of a dog named Tank. Her home has been known to host the occasional ghost and several of her friends profess to be witches. Although she dearly loves Vampires and Werewolves, they are never invited for dinner.


Other books by Willow Cross

The Dark Gifts: Birthright (First in the series)
The Dark Gifts: Inheritance (Second in the series)
Oceans of Red volume one
Oceans of Red volume two
Haunted, 100% Totally True Ghost Stories
Coming Soon:
Oceans of Red volume three
The Dark Gifts: Legacy

You can connect with Willow at : http://willowcrossbooks.weebly.com/index.html

Or join her on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Willow-Cross/185071804869279

Twitter: @willowcross

Acknowledgements

Ken Sutton-Cover Artist
http://www.facebook.com/theworldinsidemyhead
