

The Light
And
The Loyalists

The Lodestar Diaries: Book I

Viera & Veronika Landis




The Light and The Loyalists
The Lodestar Diaries: Book I

© 2021 by Viera Landis

Cover design by Kashif Rana

All rights reserved. Printed in the United States of America.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

www.vieralandisbooks.com

ISBN: 978-1-7374339-8-9

Independently Published

Smashwords edition, 2021



To Dennis Gray 
for teaching me the power of the pen
and that every story must ring true.
Contents

Title Page
Copyright Page
Dedication
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Acknowledgements
About the Authors
More Series Titles




Chapter 1
Life is made of moments, like the night sky is made of stars. Some shine more brightly than others. Some, like guiding constellations, paint pictures on the canvases of our lives. It is in these brightest moments that choices are made, choices which set our course and determine our destiny. And it is in one of these moments where our story begins . . .
***
The firelight flickered, casting a warm glow and the shadows of two women onto the cavern walls. One lay writhing in agony, her screams echoing around them, as the other woman sponged her forehead and spoke in soothing tones.
“Hush, Caspara. There, now,” said Natara, gently brushing the screaming woman’s hair off her tear-stained cheeks. “It will be all right. You will get through this. I promise. I am right here. I will not leave you.”
Caspara clutched her hand, whimpering, fighting another wave of pain. “No,” she said, struggling for just that one word.
Natara met her fearful eyes. “Yes, you will, brave one,” she reassured as Caspara defiantly shook her head. “You are strong.”
“No!” Caspara managed, another scream escaping. She squeezed Natara’s hand more tightly in a grip that would have been crushing to a lesser woman.
“Shhhhh,” Natara soothed as Caspara’s breathing became more rapid, her screams closer together. “Your time has almost come. It is almost over.”
They held each other’s eyes, Natara’s steady gaze lending Caspara courage as she steeled herself, focused on breathing and gathered strength. Then, one final, blood-curdling scream and a baby’s cries punctured the ensuing stillness. 
“You have a girl,” Natara smiled, wrapping the baby in a loose blanket and placing her on her mother’s chest. 
“She is perfect,” Caspara managed through her tears. She gazed in awe at the baby’s face, which grew calm at the sound of her mother’s voice. She gently opened the baby’s tightly curled hand, marveled at the baby’s tiny fingers, admired her tiny feet and toes, lovingly smiled into her small blue eyes, wondering what she could see. 
“Hello, my little one,” she whispered softly. Then the world began to spin. “Take her, Natara. I grow faint.” 
She transferred her baby into the older woman’s waiting arms, then looked away, fighting back a flood of tears that threatened to drown her, suffocate her. “I fade,” she said resolutely, clutching at something on her chest.
“My dear one, no,” Natara said tenderly. 
“No, Natara,” Caspara replied firmly. “No. You must listen now.”
Her friend looked like she would protest, but then nodded, laid the baby down on a pile of blankets and took Caspara’s hand in both her own. “All right,” she said. “What do you need?”
Caspara drew a deep breath. “Beneath my robes,” she said, glancing down to where her hand lay, still clutching something unseen.
Puzzled, Natara reached in and felt something. A talisman. She pulled it out and her eyes widened as she took in the unique beauty. She couldn’t be sure, but it seemed to pulsate with its own life. Suddenly, Caspara’s hand was clasped over her own, enclosing the talisman and drawing Natara’s attention to her desperate eyes.
“You must keep this,” Caspara said urgently. “You must keep it safe. It belongs with her,” she added, nodding to her baby but still holding Natara’s gaze. “She is . . . a chosen one. The Light . . . to both our worlds.” Natara looked questioningly at her, but she continued, “She must    . . . find the others . . . restore peace . . . end the war.” She broke their connection and looked back at her baby lying peacefully on a pile of blankets. Her eyes crinkled, a tear rolling down her cheek, her breath growing shallower and more ragged. Natara leaned closer and smoothed her hair back, her own tears now falling freely. 
“Yes, dear one,” she said. “I will. I promise with my life.”
Caspara’s eyes wandered up to Natara’s face one more time. “She is . . . the Light.” With her last breath, she closed her eyes. Natara placed a kiss gently atop her head. Again, the sound of a woman’s cries filled the night.
***
Days had passed since Caspara’s passing. That night, the world had shared Natara’s grief, though unaware of the baby who lay motherless in a lonely desert cave. That night, the dark veil of death which had fallen was followed by a deluge of fire flowing down from the weeping stars. The whole world, like Caspara, had struggled for life, powerless, helpless, hopeless as they beheld the destruction around them. Not a soul in the world knew rest, except perhaps the poor orphan who slept in that far-off hidden cave, oblivious to the world of sorrow she’d been born into. Not a soul was unaffected. All suffered loss. That night began a new era of humanity, becoming known through all the world as the Night of Fire.
In the aftermath, mankind attempted to pick up the pieces and find new ways to survive. Natara did the same. Emerging from the cave, Natara knew she must do whatever she could to protect the child as promised. She had kept her safely hidden inside the cave as the fire had rained from the sky. Days later, she knew they could not hide forever. They needed food, water, warmth, fresh clothes and blankets. Fuel for the fire had run out. It was time to leave.
Fearful to leave the cave, she had wrapped Caspara’s body in layers of extra blankets. There she would be forced to leave her. The ground was too hard to dig a grave, even a shallow one, and she had no tools with her to do so. 
She blinked at the sun’s rays, which assaulted her eyes for the first time in days. Cradling the infant, she took a few tentative steps outside, then took in the scene which lay before her and gasped. Debris and ashes lay scattered around her. Even out here in the desert, miles from civilization, the rain of fire had left its dreadful mark. 
Stepping around the debris, she began slowly making her way in the direction of the nearest settlement. There she hoped she would be able to find supplies and perhaps work. She must find means to provide for the child and herself. She choked back a sob which rose up at the thought. She had spent the past several years as Caspara’s handmaiden and loyal friend. They had become closer than sisters. Not once had she dreamed she would be on her own again looking for work, a child to feed as well as herself. And yet, here she was. 
She had skills, but out here in the desert, there was no telling which skills would be in demand. She would have to rely on the mercy of Allah to help her. She muttered a pleading prayer. She had fashioned a wrap for the baby around her body, and she tucked the baby into it as she walked.
“There you are, little one,” she cooed softly. She pondered on what Caspara had meant when she’d called her baby the light and a chosen one. The words had held evident meaning to her in her final moments, but they were a mystery to Natara. Nevertheless, whether she knew what Caspara had meant or not, she knew one thing. She would not break her promise to her dying friend. She would protect the baby with her life. 
The baby. She had not yet given the baby a name. She had no idea how many days it had been, though she guessed it was three or four. Part of her felt she should, and knew she would need to, yet a part of her felt guilty naming Caspara’s baby. 
She did not know what time it was. Though the darkness had finally receded, a haze lingered in the air from the smoke and ash. She did not try to figure out how long she had been walking. The baby was small and light, but the weight of the baby, the blankets, and the few supplies they had left were becoming heavier with each step. She stopped periodically to drink from her canteen. She was used to the life of a desert nomad; this was something in her favor. She had been able to keep the baby alive so far with water, but the baby needed milk. Also, she had no idea how long she would be able to continue if she herself became dehydrated. 
After nearly half a day of walking across hot, hazy desert, Natara heard sounds of life beyond a distant dune. As she approached, what she found was . . . utter mayhem. Where a settlement had once stood, there lay scorched tents in shreds, burnt supply carts in shambles, charred debris strewn about, and a people battered, beaten, and bustling about to restore order to the chaos.
No one seemed to notice her. A people who were generally suspicious of outsiders, these people either did not realize or were too preoccupied to care that a stranger stood there, gaping. For several minutes she stood, trying to comprehend what she saw, watching them quietly tend to their wounded, mend their tents and carts, and sort out what was left that was usable from the wreckage.
Conscious of the fact that her mouth was hanging open, Natara drew her wits about her and hesitantly approached one of the men who seemed to be in charge. “Excuse me, sir,” she said, but the man went on about his business, ignoring her. She cleared her throat. “Excuse me,” she said again, more confidently this time. “This child and I need help.” 
The man stopped and looked at her incredulously. “What help do you think we can offer you? Look around.” He gestured to the shambles and a few brow-beaten looking men glanced over at Natara. 
She gulped, then drew her shoulders back and tried again. “Please. I can help you. I can clean. I can cook. I can work as hard as any man.” She held the man’s gaze, his eyes skeptical. He looked down at the baby for a moment or two. Natara could see the struggle inside his eyes. Then he seemed to deflate and shook his head. 
“Okay,” he said, stooping over to pick up some more salvageable supplies. “You can start now. If you truly are helpful, you may have a place with us. Right now, we can use all the help we can get.”
Natara’s eyes shone as she stooped down, still holding the baby, and began to help pick through the debris. “Thank you,” she said. “You will not be sorry.” As she silently worked side by side with the men, building a new life for themselves, she sent a secret prayer of gratitude skyward. Immediately, as if in response to her prayer, the baby’s name came into her mind. She is Zaharina. God has remembered.





Chapter 2
Alittle girl, about five years old with wild raven black hair and brilliant blue eyes like the desert sky, skipped up to the fire and plopped down beside it, happily braiding her ragdoll’s stringy hair. 
“Natara,” she said, “what are you cooking? The smell makes me hungry.”
Natara smiled. “I am making dalda, like my mother used to make.”
Zaharina sighed, thoughtfully. “I think your mother was nice.”
This made Natara chuckle. “Well, you are right, young one. She was very nice indeed.” 
“Did she teach you to cook?” Zaharina asked. 
“Yes,” said Natara wistfully, gazing into the fire. “She taught me many things.” Then she added, somehow both sternly and teasingly, “Like how little girls should not be gallivanting about with swords like little boys.”
Zaharina scrunched up her nose. “Well, she may have been nice, but she doesn’t sound very fun.”
This time Natara laughed out loud. “Zara, you little—” She was cut short by the arrival of Hazeem, the clan leader. He looked from Natara to Zaharina with distaste, as usual, and they both fell silent. Natara began staring resolutely into the fire, Zaharina attending studiously to her doll’s hair. 
“What kind of slop are you making us eat today?” he asked, drawing a glare from Zaharina, which in turn drew a warning look from Natara. 
“It is called aashak,” said Natara.
He sneered, regarding her with his cold, dead eyes. “More than likely some Hazaragi cuisine again,” he said mockingly as he turned around to prepare his seat near the fire. Zarahina looked like she wanted to fly across the fire at him but the sharp intensity of Natara’s look stopped her. Instead, she pouted. Natara remained silent.
They sat in silence for several minutes until Zaharina couldn’t stand it anymore. “I’m going to go wash,” she said to Natara, then shot daggers from her eyes at Hazeem as she passed behind him, sticking her tongue out at the last minute before running off. Natara swallowed a reprimand that she would have to save for later.
When Hazeem had agreed to take her in, the entire camp had been in the depths of humility, struggling to recover and rebuild. She had met him at his lowest point, when even his pride had been buried beneath layers of rubble. It hadn’t taken long for it to rise through the ashes, and she soon realized that her new benefactor was far from a humble man. While she had at first thought him generous and selfless, she now recognized everything he did was driven by selfishness and greed. He ran camp like a dictator, ordering people to do his bidding, which often involved pillaging and plundering other settlements. 
He was impossible to please, expressing disdain for Natara, her cooking, and her culture of origin at every opportunity. She was grateful to have shelter, water, food, and a clan for Zaharina, even if she did question the appropriateness of the things they were teaching her. In fact, Zara had actually become more or less the clan mascot, a favorite among many of the members. Knowing Zara was happy here made putting up with Hazeem’s scorn and ridicule worth it. He was, after all, only one man. 
One by one, the other clan members arrived. Though Hazeem’s presence was heavily felt throughout the meal, he did lighten up a bit when there was a crowd. 
They ate the usual breads, meats, nuts, fruits, and cheeses, and like always most of them seemed to enjoy the dish Natara had prepared, which was gratifying. She enjoyed listening to the friendly laughter and chatter as they dined around the fire, but derived the most enjoyment from watching Zaharina interact with the others. She watched as Zara and Jabar, a teenage boy who had become like a much older brother to her, playfully tousled each other’s hair. Abal, Jabar’s older sister, scooted next to Zara on her other side and swatted her brother away, attempting to tame Zara’s hair and braid it. Zara appeared to be a sponge, soaking up all the attention.
Occasionally, the others would hand Zara a food item they thought she would like or crack a joke to make her laugh. At intervals, Natara would see Zara’s eyes flash over to Hazeem mistrustingly. She recalled that Zara had never trusted Hazeem, even as a baby. He, the roughest of this rough band of outlaws, seemed immune to Zaharina’s charm. To everyone else, she seemed to shine brighter than the fire itself.
When the meal was over and the night wore down, Natara and Zaharina returned to their tent. As they were settling in for bed they discussed the day’s events, Zaharina jabbering on excitedly about the sword-fighting move she had learned today from Jabar and a secret Abal had whispered in her ear at the fire, which she had sworn she would never tell. Natara listened patiently until there was a lull, then gently said, “Zara.”
The sleepy-eyed girl looked up. “Uh-huh?” she asked, yawning and nestling herself down into her blankets. 
“You must not look at Hazeem the way you did tonight.”
“But—” she started to protest.
“Ah, ah, ah,” said Natara. “You know better, child. I know you do not like him, but Hazeem is still your elder, and without his generous consent we would not have been allowed to live here with this clan.” 
Zara folded her arms and harrumphed. “Generous. Yeah, right,” she said defiantly.
Natara smiled kindly and sat beside Zara. “In every man’s heart there is both good and evil. We must remember that. If all we focus on is the evil, we will never be able to see and emulate the good.”
“There might be good in most people,” Zara said grudgingly. 
“There is good in all people,” replied Natara, kissing her on top of the head. “Now go to sleep, and think only good things and dream only good dreams tonight.”
Zara smiled and closed her eyes. “Goodnight,” she said. 
But her night of good dreams was interrupted by muffled noises outside her tent. When all was supposed to be silent and still, Zara knew something wasn’t right. It sounded like whimpers and stifled cries. Zara almost woke Natara up, but thought better of interrupting her sound sleep. 
I’m stealthy, she thought. I’m still little, so my feet don’t fall hard. I’ll sneak out and see what it is.
Zara tiptoed out of her tent, approaching the sound. She could now hear it better. It was coming from a neighboring tent. It sounded like a girl whimpering, trying not to cry. She heard menacing whispers in a man’s voice. Slowly, she reached out and pulled back the edge of the tent to see inside. She froze, her blood growing cold in her veins, making every hair stand on end, then boiling and rising, causing her heart to pound and her face to burn. Though she stood silent and still, frozen, the man standing over the young girl turned to her and she saw his face more clearly than she should have been able to in the dark. Hazeem. 
First, his eyes blazed with anger, then the expression in them turned to hunger. Before she knew what was happening, he stood and lunged at Zara, who turned and tried to run, screaming. He caught her from behind, whipping her face towards him, staring at her with a madman’s crazed look in his eyes. 
Hearing the commotion, people emerged from their tents, Natara among them, rushing to Zara’s aid. She pried Zara’s wrists from his hands and pulled her away, then gasped as Zara turned her frightened face towards her own. It was then that Zara saw the light shining on Natara’s face. The light was not radiating outwards, as she first thought, but reflecting upon it from her own eyes. They were shining.
“The Light,” Natara murmured. The world stood still. Everyone stood in a stunned trance, staring at the girl with the glowing eyes.
Finally, the silence was broken by Hazeem’s voice. “There is nothing to see here. Everyone go back to bed.” As if that was going to happen. Nevertheless, people began to slowly turn away and return to their tents. The girl who had been in the tent whimpered behind him, but he ignored her, seeming to have forgotten everything but Zaharina.
“How long has she had this . . . gift?” He asked Natara, his eyes flashing towards her only momentarily, as if afraid Zara’s light might go out should he dare look away.
“I . . . I do not know,” she stammered. “She has only just discovered it.”
He licked his lips greedily, sending a chill down Zara’s spine. She shuddered and stepped behind Natara, clutching her robes.
“Go back to bed, girl,” he said menacingly. “Tomorrow, you will finally begin to earn your keep.”





Chapter 3
Things changed for Zara drastically after that night. With few exceptions, those who once saw her as a child now saw her as an asset with glowing eyes. Hazeem demanded she spend her waking hours sword training and learning to control her ‘gift’, which she came to regard as more of a curse. Thankfully, Jabar and Abal had stepped up and volunteered to be her trainers, mostly to keep their little pet close and protect her from becoming Hazeem’s performing monkey. When not with Jabar and Abal, she stuck closer to Natara’s side than ever. Seeing this change in her made Natara’s heart ache.
Gradually, to everyone’s pleasant surprise, Zara did gain more control over her glowing eyes. She realized they tended to glow whenever she experienced a surge of strong emotion: anger, excitement, fear. If she concentrated hard and counted to ten, she could suppress her emotions and dim or sometimes even extinguish the glow. Also, if she concentrated on things that made her scared, angry, or excited, she could ignite the glow. 
“Natara,” she asked one day when the two of them were alone. “Why do my eyes glow when no one else’s do?”
Natara looked thoughtful, then shrugged. “I do not know, my love. Perhaps you are the Light.” Zara looked puzzled, but Natara smiled at her fondly. “Not something to worry about, my dear. What you should focus on is how you use your gift.”
Zara looked at her feet. “Hazeem thinks I should use it to help him become rich. He . . . he means me to help him steal.”
Natara frowned. “Sometimes in life, we do not get to choose our own path. Sometimes, those placed in positions of power choose our path for us, for a while.” She bent down and gently lifted Zara’s face to her own, meeting her sorrowful eyes. “Right now, we live at Hazeem’s mercies and must strive to please him, but you will not be Hazeem’s puppet forever. He may control what we do for a time, but you were destined for great things. Better things. You get to choose who you will become.” Then, almost as an afterthought, she added, “Do not let Hazeem steal the true light from your eyes.”
***
Zaharina slept soundly, worn out by the day’s activities. Her mind replayed scenes of the day: Jabar showing her how to feint as he lunged at her with his sword, then laughing as he congratulated her on a job well done; Abal challenging her use of her power by mentioning scenarios that were sure to get an emotional rise out of her, then playfully tickling her and pinching her cheeks. Even in her dreams, Zara felt proud of her accomplishments and satisfied at having pleased her friends. Then their faces morphed into the angry, frightening face of Hazeem, inches in front of her own. He was screaming at her, but she could not make out what he was saying. She tried pushing him away. She struggled, but he grabbed her wrists. Then her eyes flew open, shining a bright light at him as he drew back and shielded his eyes with his arms.
She was no longer dreaming. She sat up in bed. Her eyes were shining fiercely bright upon the image of her worst nightmare who now stood above her. 
“Let’s go, girl,” he snarled. “Time to see what you’re really worth.” 
Again, he grabbed her wrist, yanking her out of bed and demanding she get dressed. She threw her traveling robes on over her nightgown, unsure what was going on, but terrified to try to defy him. He hadn’t been screaming; he’d been whispering, and Natara still snoozed on. Zara whimpered in fright and Natara turned in her bed.
“Quiet, girl,” Hazeem threatened. “Before the old hag wakes up.”
Zara choked down the resentment that welled up inside of her, squeezing her eyes shut as tightly as possible. Her teeth chattered. She shivered. Suddenly a gentle arm was around her shoulders. She looked up to see the concerned face of her friend, Jabar. 
“It’s okay,” he whispered. “Hazeem just wants to test you out. I’ll be right there with you. All right?” He shot a bitter look at Hazeem and this calmed Zara, knowing she had an ally. She nodded. 
“Okay,” Jabar said, “Count with me. Remember, you can do this. Deep breaths. Here we go.” He squared himself in front of her, gently holding her shoulders as she took a deep breath and began to count. Her tension seemed to dissolve and her eyes opened, the glow more faint than before. He smiled. “Good girl. Now just keep that up until we get there. That’s all you need to do. Ready?” She nodded again, afraid to speak. 
“She’s ready,” he told Hazeem, a hint of disgust in his voice. 
Hazeem grunted. “Good,” he whispered. “This way.”
They followed Hazeem into the night. They met a group of clan members outside the camp. The men spoke in hushed voices and Zara could not tell what they were saying, but they seemed to be arguing about her. Then Hazeem, apparently the winner, turned and gestured to them all to mount their horses. Zara froze, never having ridden a horse before. Jabar hoisted her up onto the horse with him and told her to hold on tight. Then they rode silently into the desert night.
At length, they arrived at a dune overlooking a village of stone houses. Hazeem again gestured and the men dismounted their horses, Jabar helping Zara down. One man stood holding the reins of the horses while the other men ushered Zara silently towards the village. Their feet moved across the sand soundlessly. Zara’s heart pounded, blood rushing in her ears, her eyes growing brighter with every step towards the town. 
She squeezed her eyes shut, but Jabar tapped her on the shoulder and gave her a thumbs up. He gestured to her eyes and nodded, smiling encouragingly. It was okay to let them shine, he was telling her. This was why she was here. She was their flashlight. 
She followed them into the first house, one of the largest. It seemed to belong to someone of some importance. The furnishings were ornate, the tables and shelves covered with decorations of gold, silver, and other precious metals and jewels. They seemed to have entered the kitchen. She looked around the room, allowing her companions to see what there was to steal without bumping into anything and raising alarm. 
Zara stood in the doorway, beholding the scene, feeling dirty, deceitful, and used. Anger and resentment welled up inside, her eyes shining more brightly than ever before. Jabar and another man motioned to her to join them as they advanced into an adjoining room. She made her way carefully around the table and through the doorway. She shook with adrenaline, rage, and—yes—fear. 
A noise was heard towards the back of the house. The men froze and looked at each other. Realizing they were all accounted for and that the noise hadn’t been made by a member of their party, the men turned to leave. 
“Stop, thieves! ” A man in bed clothes emerged from the back, holding a torch. 
“RUN! ” Jabar shouted, expecting Zara to follow. She tried to run through the doorway but was knocked aside by another man. Regaining her footing, Zara made it halfway into the kitchen, but the man with the torch caught her from behind. She fell to the floor, then turned and tried to scoot away backwards. 
The man beheld her with horror, the light from her eyes throwing his enormous shadow on the wall behind him like that of a monster. Terrified, she froze. The man swiped at her face with his torch, searing her, causing her to scream out in pain. She kicked and thrashed wildly, knocking the torch out of his hand. Her right eye was on fire. Her forehead burned. The world was upside down, inside out. She couldn’t see what was happening, but she felt heat rising, smelled smoke, and heard flames. The man screamed. Someone grabbed her from behind and dragged her out of the house. She heard Jabar cursing in Arabic. He threw her over the back of his horse, mounted it with her, and they rode off with the speed of wind, the man’s desperate cries echoing in her throbbing ears.





Chapter 4
Emir leaned back in his chair, prepared for another piece of cake college class. He looked around and caught the eye of a cute girl with a dark ponytail. He winked and flashed her a crooked smile. She blushed and looked away. He’d been right. Piece of cake already.
A hush fell as the professor, Dr. Yazan Kakar, took the front of the room. He shot a sideways glance toward the doorway where an armed military guard stood with his arms crossed. He sighed and adjusted his spectacles. Surveying the class, his eyes crinkled as they rested on Emir’s familiar face.
“Who can tell me,” Dr. Kakar began, “where the first domed cities were built?” 
Without hesitation, Emir volunteered, “In America, sir.” The cute girl looked at him again. He grinned at her. This time she blushed, but did not look away. This was going pretty good so far. 
“Which America?” asked the professor.
Emir hesitated, considering a snarky response to impress the girl. He decided on a more diplomatic approach. “The democratic one.”
“That is correct.” Dr. Kakar looked bored already. He removed his glasses and wiped them off. “And why were the domed cities built?”
People shifted uncomfortably in their seats. There was the true answer, which Emir guessed most of the students, like him, had been taught at home growing up but did not dare state in public before an armed guard, and there was the standard, politically correct response. 
Emir sat up straighter and cleared his throat, glancing at the girl before he spoke. “To segregate and control them,” he said. A few gasps were heard around the room and the professor’s eyes shot toward the guard. He looked anxious, but not upset. “That is to say,” Emir went on, clearing his throat again, “to isolate them from each other so as to control the . . . pandemic.” 
He smirked at the girl, who now regarded him with a mix of admiration and apprehension. He sat up a little straighter in his seat.
Dr. Kakar stared him down with an unreadable expression, then glanced at the guard again and said, “That is correct. You will see me after class, Emir.”
Emir knew he should probably be stepping more carefully these days. There had been an underlying current of tense anticipation since the military presence had been reinstated in the city. Emir wasn’t sure what was going on, but he did not like it. He had never been one to just sit back and keep his mouth shut about lies and bullying.
Dr. Kakar began his lesson, and Emir only half listened as he droned on with the same old story about how the pandemic had caused the whole world to separate themselves and stay as far away from each other as possible. It had been centuries ago. Emir couldn’t believe they were still pushing this rhetoric when he knew the real reasons behind the ‘social distancing’, as they liked to call it. 
His parents had filled him in. Long before the pandemic had started, the world had been full of hate, fear, and evil power-hungry men. There had been wars, especially in his part of the world. Certain rivalries had been in place for millennia. One group of people hating another because of their beliefs or their culture or the color of their skin. This type of hatred between different groups of people they called ‘races’ had spread throughout the entire world, causing divisions and strife on every continent. When the pandemic arrived, it brought even more segregation as the people divided into those who wanted to live their lives without fear of sickness and death, and those who feared so much that they withdrew themselves from others, breaking the bonds they’d forged with family, friends, and neighbors in favor of a low-risk life.
Around this same time, powered individuals known as the Others had emerged. Their objective was unclear. Some seemed like they were looking for something and would infiltrate villages, families and governments, gathering information and then morbidly discarding their victims; some seemed to use their powers as a source of cruel entertainment. These occurrences were few and far between, but the Others were active enough worldwide to sow a heightened sense of fear and distrust. Because the Others appeared no different than humans, no one knew who they could trust.
The division became more pronounced than ever as borders of cities, states, even entire countries began closing off to the rest of the world. People quarantined themselves in groups based on beliefs, heritage, politics, even race, which had since been scientifically proven a false concept but remained a cause for segregation in the eyes of many. 
In this atmosphere of fear and hate, cities known as Hubs had begun cropping up all over the world, beginning in the major metropolises of the Democratic States of America. Many of these even went so far as to build huge, climate-controlled domes over them, making it even more difficult for people to enter. Drastic security measures required people to answer questions, take lie detector tests, and get verified by friends or family members to prove their identities before entering. Most who entered these Hubs would never leave. Those who chose not to live in Hubs were called Outliers. These people were more at risk, but also freer to roam and do as they pleased. 
Over time, the Others had seemed to gradually fade into the woodwork. Whether they had grown bored and gone back to where they’d come from, died off, or simply gotten better at hiding in plain site was unknown, but for the most part people forgot about them and they became local mythology. For the sake of commerce, most of the borders somewhat eased up. The pandemic had mostly died out, like most viruses do. The Hubs, as well as many of the outlying towns, began developing their own governments, many of which were exceedingly strict, some verging on tyrannical. 
On the Night of Fire, the whole world, for better or worse, had been thrown into commotion. Entire towns and villages had been destroyed. Only the Hubs had been spared because of their indestructible glass. Those in the outlying lands had flocked to them for shelter and safety and, for the sake of humanity’s survival, were in most cases allowed entrance. Some, for various reasons, had been turned away to fend for themselves or perish. Many were forced to live in close quarters with groups of people they’d gone to great lengths to segregate themselves from. For some, life was improved by this change. For others, it became more difficult.
Some major cities without domes had become Hubs, as well. Emir’s Hub in Peshawar, Pakistan had been one of the lucky cities to have largely survived the Night of Fire even without a dome. He’d been a small boy, only three years old, when the fire had rained down and his parents had fled there with Emir and his two older brothers for refuge. His father’s brother had allowed his entire family to move in with them. The military presence and fighting in the area had already eased up long before that awful night, but there had remained a long-standing tension and sense of distrust between certain groups of people. As for his family, they had spent centuries trying to lay low, unnoticed, and live their lives peacefully. So far, they’d succeeded. But Emir had always been taught to stand up for what was right, and the present state of things made him uncomfortable.
The current regime was largely descended from those who had been instrumental centuries before in sowing seeds of enmity throughout the world, particularly in America, where they had sought to extend their influence and control because of the wealth and affluence enjoyed there. Emir was disturbed by the growing military presence here and feared this regime would seek to extend their influence elsewhere, as well, which could cause disastrous consequences. Their outright refusal to discuss any events of the past besides the pandemic was very concerning. As if denying that hate and tyranny had ever occurred before would keep it from happening again. In fact, Emir feared just the opposite.
Emir had drifted off as Dr. Kakar spoke and he was startled awake by a jab from the elbow of the cute ponytailed girl. She smiled at him shyly. “You . . . um . . . seem to have fallen asleep.” 
He blinked at her, then grinned. “I miss anything?” he asked, trying to seem cool and collected. Then he yawned and stretched. 
“Not really,” she said. “Homework is in the syllabus. The professor still wants to see you, though.” 
She nodded to the front of the room, where Dr. Kakar sat, his hands folded in front of him, waiting patiently for Emir. 
“Oh, right,” said Emir, as the girl turned and started to walk off. “Wait, before you go, I was wondering if you wanted to—" 
He trailed off as he saw the girl’s eyes flutter coyly to the doorway, where the armed guard had stepped out and been replaced by a muscular, confident-looking young man with a smirk. 
“Um . . .” Emir finished, putting two and two together. “He’s your boyfriend, isn’t he?”
“Yes,” she said demurely. “Why? Were you—?”
“No, it’s cool,” he said, feeling foolish. “I was just going to ask if you wanted to study together.” 
“I might,” she teased, “if you don’t fall asleep on me.” 
“Of course,” he said sheepishly, then watched as she walked away. He sighed, then, hands in his pockets, he meandered to the front desk where Dr. Kakar sat watching. Realizing the old man had witnessed the whole debacle, he felt even more foolish.
“You wanted to see me, sir?” he asked.
“Yessss,” Dr. Kakar drawled. An awkward moment passed and finally he continued with his rich Pashtun accent, “You ought to tread more lightly.” He leaned in meaningfully and spoke quietly, shooting frequent glances toward the doorway. “You never know who is listening. You do not want to draw attention.”
Emir knew the professor was right, but let out a sigh of exasperation. “Someone needs to speak up.” 
“And will that someone be you?” the professor challenged. Emir searched his eyes, not sure how he should answer. Part of him thought Dr. Kakar might want him to say yes, he would be the one to challenge the present regime. Then the professor continued, “You must think of your family, your people. If you want to step up and speak out, then be smart about it. Do not be impulsive and get yourself arrested. Do not throw away your shot, just for some pretty face. Think about it.” 
Emir’s face burned, his heart pounded, but the man held his gaze. He let the truth of these words sink in. What would happen to his family if Emir was thrown in jail for treason? What would happen to his father’s business if he wasn’t there to help run it? What would happen to his little sister if he wasn’t there to look out for her? There had to be a way to spread truth and fight corruption, but this probably wasn’t it. “Yes, sir.” 
The man nodded, then the intense look evaporated and he smiled kindly. “Good.” Then, sensing Emir’s discouragement, “Do not worry, Emir. Your time will come. I have always believed, since you were a small boy, that you would one day grow to make a difference in the world.”
Emir smiled gratefully. 
“How is your family?” asked Dr. Kakar, his eyes twinkling. “Does your mother still make her mouth-watering malai laddu?  That was always my favorite.”
At this, Emir flashed a winning grin. “Not only does she still make it, she has improved it.”
Dr. Kakar’s eyes widened. “Well, in that case, I may have to stop by the bakery soon. Have a good day, young man,” he said warmly, reaching for a stack of papers.
“Good day, sir,” Emir said, then turned to leave as the professor began his work.





Chapter 5
Emir walked rather slowly home, deep in thought. The business college campus of the University of Peshawar which he attended was about a half-hour walk from his home. It was in a very rich, green, well-tended area. It was close to the military district, which had been many years ago ravaged by war and then rebuilt from the rubble. Emir saw this sector as a testament to the strength and durability of his people. Through perseverance they had overcome many things, of which his generation knew only a small part.
There were other parts of the city which were still struggling to rebuild due to overcrowding and lack of funds, such as the sector in which he lived. Large houses stood side by side there, which looked like they had once been expensive and elegant but were now peeling and crumbling. Some families had been able to keep up with repairs and updates, but most were just struggling to get by from day to day. Many homes, like his, housed multiple families. 
He passed a group of neighborhood boys shooting hoops. 
“Emir!” one boy shouted upon noticing him. “Heads up!” 
Emir caught the ball, dribbled a few times, then tossed a winning shot at the basket. The boys whooped. Emir’s basketball skills had turned him into somewhat of a local legend, and his friendly nature made him a favorite of the youth. It had become part of his daily routine to stop and play with them for a few minutes on his way home, unless there were soldiers and tanks present, which usually tended to drive everyone indoors. Their presence seemed to suck the life and fun out of everything.
Emir played until he had broken a sweat, then playfully mussed one of the boy’s hair and said, “All right, I gotta run. You boys stay out of trouble, okay?”
The boy, Imran, looked up at him gleefully, beaming from the extra attention. “I will, Emir. You know that.”
Emir smiled. “Yeah, you’re a good kid.” Then he pointed at one of the other boys and raised an eyebrow. “No pulling pranks on your little sister, Karim.”
Karim stopped in his tracks, ball in hand, and opened and shut his mouth guiltily until Emir flashed a crooked grin and jogged off down the street. Then Karim smiled, relieved. “I won’t!” he shouted at Emir’s retreating form. 
Emir was still smiling as he approached his house, energized. The game and the admiration from the boys had been a welcome distraction from the embarrassment of his flop with the girl and the humbling conversation with his father’s lifelong friend. He had replayed the man’s words in his head all the way home, chiding himself for his foolhardiness in class. His time would come, the professor had said. He would make a difference, but he must be smart about it, not act impulsively. What had he been thinking, making remarks like that in public, and in front of an armed guard no less, in a classroom in a government-run school?
Emir had jogged the final block home; now he slowed as he reached his house, a large white and gray pukka home on the corner. The largest on the block, it boasted a two-car garage, two full kitchens, and three levels of spacious rooms with protruding windows and balconies. The biggest room contained a home theater filled with what was surely the largest collection of Disney movies in the Middle East. The paint was peeling off in places, there were large cracks in some of the walls, and the pipes sputtered and moaned, but overall it was a solid, sturdy house, much better than most of the others on the block, thanks to his father’s successful business.
Emir opened the black iron gate leading into the prayer garden. At least it had been a prayer garden when generations before still kept the Islamic religion. Now it was just a rectangular patch of grass the family used to contain their goats, Dib and Dubb, and their dog, a Bully Kutta named Sinjab. Hub residents were only allowed one pet, unless the animals could be considered farming animals or were useful for business. Emir’s family, therefore, treated the goats as pets but also milked them and used their milk to make cheese to sell in the family bakery. They also occasionally bred them with a friend’s goats and sold their kids to other Hub farmers. 
Emir took two steps into the enclosure when he had to stop . . . because goats. Dib had already planted himself stubbornly in front of Emir and was nibbling his clothes fondly while Dubb approached from behind, tugging at his backpack. 
“Hey, Deeby. Move it,” he said. “Stop, Scooby-Dooby-Doob!” He petted Dib on the face while gently moving her aside and pulled his backpack out of Dubb’s mouth. He couldn’t help nicknaming her after one of his favorite cartoon characters, even though she was a girl. Dib moved aside and contented herself with a patch of grass as he sidled past, but Dubb followed her favorite human into the house like a loyal dog. He sometimes wondered if she did anything while he was gone besides sit there and wait for him. It was nice to be adored.
Emir kicked his shoes off and placed them inside the door. He swung his bag off his shoulder and placed it by his shoes, then froze as footsteps pounded down the stairs behind him. His older brothers, Anwar and Ashar, argued animatedly about their new business venture. Anwar’s face lit up when he saw Emir. 
“Little bro!” he shouted. “How was school?” Emir braced himself for the inevitable noogie. He may be nineteen and in college, but Anwar wasn’t one to ever miss an opportunity. He didn’t disappoint.
“Fine,” Emir said, straightening and smoothing his hair back out. “Why are you guys still here?”
“Doofus here didn’t set the alarm,” said Anwar, smirking and nodding towards Ashar.
“Oh, sure,” retorted Ashar. “Blame someone else. If you hadn’t insisted on playing another round of that game . . .”
“Whatever,” said Anwar. “Doesn’t matter. Gotta run. Love ya, bro!” 
“Later, Emir,” said Ashar, slipping his shoes on hurriedly and backing out the door. “Nani’s in the kitchen.”
Emir nodded and dismissed them both with a wave of his hand. He had seen very little of his brothers since they’d abandoned the family business, branched out on their own and started a pizzeria.  
Emir sauntered into the kitchen where Jinani sat at the table with their cousin, busily chattering and folding paper into little shapes. He snuck up behind her and made a squawking sound as he squeezed her sides. She squealed and started giggling. “Look, Emir! Origami!” She held up a paper bird.
“That . . . is cool,” said Emir admiringly. The praise made his eight-year-old sister puff up with pride, her black eyes crinkling at the corners. She flipped her long dark hair over her shoulders and sat up straighter.
Emir scooted onto the bench next to her. “What are you making, Yasmin?” he asked as his cousin bit her lip in concentration. “Another bird?”
“No, silly,” she corrected, “it’s an airplane.” 
“My bad,” Emir said. He picked up a paper animal to inspect it more closely and a pair of goat lips reached around, trying to grab it. “Stop it, Dooby!” he said, shooing her away. “This is not a Scooby snack!” 
Jinani and Yasmin laughed. Emir smiled and leaned back to reach for the container of dog treats on the nearby counter. His arm was barely long enough and he almost knocked it off the counter, but caught it just in time. Hearing the treats, Sinjab’s head poked up between the table and the bench next to him. He hadn’t realized the dog was under there. He jumped and dropped the treats, which made the girls laugh harder.
“Stop laughing at me,” Emir said, pretending to pout, as he picked up the treats and opened the container to a chorus of little-girly giggles. He handed one to Dubb first, her brown face nudging her way in front of him, then handed one to Sinjab, who grabbed it and swallowed it in one gulp. 
“My hand!” Emir wailed, pretending to be missing fingers. At first the girls paused, looking horrified, then renewed their laughter when they realized he was joking. He was pleased. 
When the laughter died down, he asked, “How was school?” 
The girls exchanged secretive looks. They were not in the same class but did attend the same school. Yasmin was slightly older than Jinani, but the two girls were closest to each other’s age in the family and stuck together whenever possible. Emir, reading their looks, sensed excitement and giddiness, a shared secret they did not want to let him in on. 
“Wait . . .” he teased, “am I sensing something . . . something about a . . . boy?”
“Ewwww, NO!” Jinani protested, shoving him away. “Boys are gross!” But Emir saw the flush in her cheeks. Yasmin looked like she’d gone into shock.
He chuckled and decided to leave it be. “Has mother gone to the market?” he asked, changing the subject.
“Not yet,” Jinani said. “Emir, do you both have to go today?” She suddenly seemed troubled.
“Yes, Nani,” Emir said. “Why?” 
The girls shot each other dark looks. 
“We don’t want to be here alone,” Yasmin said. “We . . . we passed some bullies on the way home today.” 
Emir felt instant heat rise inside himself, his heartbeat quickening. “What do you mean bullies?” he asked slowly.
Yasmin looked at Jinani, who was intently studying her lap.
“Was it the soldiers again?” Emir asked, trying to stay calm. 
Jinani nodded, wiping a stray tear from her cheek.
Emir put his arm around her. “Oh, Nani.” He squeezed her tightly as her little body shook, clearly quite shaken. “I’m sorry, Jiji.” Then he reached across the table and patted Yasmin, who let out a breath she seemed to have been holding in. “It’s okay, girls. Pay them no mind. They think they are important, and they’ll try to make you think that, too. But you mustn’t listen to them, okay? Just walk right on by them and ignore them.”
“But they make it so hard!” Jinani said defiantly. “They keep taunting us, and telling us we’re poor and . . . and they call us names . . . and threaten us!” She looked up at him, her big black eyes brimming with tears.
“They . . . they threaten you?” Emir said disbelievingly, his jaw and shoulders tense. He pulled his hands back so the girls couldn’t feel them shaking. 
“They say they’re going to do things to us,” Yasmin said. “Bad things.” She shuddered. 
Emir worked his jaw, took in a deep breath, and wrung his hands together in his lap. He could feel a wave of fear rolling off the girls. Finally, he exhaled, slowly. He could swallow this anger and bottle it up for when his time came. Right now, his priority was to assure these two that they were safe. “Girls, I know you are scared, but believe me, those . . . men . . . were just saying things. Look at this face.” He cradled Sinjab’s face, which was still lying in his lap, hoping for another treat. “Does this look like a face that would let bad men come in here and get you?”
Sinjab’s deep brown eyes looked from Emir to Jinani imploringly. Jinani regarded him for several seconds, then relaxed her shoulders and shook her head, wiping her eyes on the end of her sleeve and reaching over to pet her dog. 
“That’s right,” said Emir. Then he added, “And does this look like a face that would let someone past that door?” This time he held Dubb’s face between his hands and nodded toward the front door. Dubb nibbled his shirt. 
The girls giggled, the tension dissipating.
“Of course not!” Emir said, his point made. He wiped his hands on his pant legs, then stood and patted both girls on the head. “I promise you, nothing bad will happen. You are safe in this house. And tomorrow, I will walk you to and from school. Is that a deal?”
The girls both nodded. “Deal,” they said in harmony. 
“Good. Now make me another bird,” Emir said, gesturing to the paper. Then he stepped over the bench to walk upstairs as the girls resumed their origami. By the time he and Dubb reached the front door, he could hear contented chatter again coming from the kitchen. Swinging his bag back onto his shoulder, he took a deep breath and ascended the stairway.





Chapter 6
Emir shared one of nine bedrooms with his brothers and his cousin, Aman. While he loved and generally got along with his brothers, Aman’s peaceful, soft-spoken personality was a welcome relief from his brothers’ constant though good-natured teasing. It was also tiring listening to the two of them argue. Emir couldn’t understand how two people who seemed to never agree on anything could be close enough to run a business together, but these two were. 
Anwar was highly energetic and fun-loving, but somewhat bossy and liked to be in control of everything. He was also a perfectionist who could be rather difficult sharing a room with at times because he wanted everything constantly in its place. Ashar was also highly energetic and enthusiastic, though more of the scatter-brained, messy, artistic type. 
Both were strongly opinionated, intelligent and creative, which caused a lot of head-butting. Still, Emir thought it was Anwar’s keen business sense coupled with Ashar’s out-of-the-box thinking that had made them successful business partners so far. That and the fact that they had done everything together since they were little boys. Emir wasn’t sure if this was because Anwar had never been able to do anything without Ashar tagging along or if the universe had actually meant for them to be twins, but growing up Emir had always felt like a third wheel. He’d been very happy when Aman had moved into the room with them.
The bedroom was empty when Emir walked in. He figured Aman was out working at his landscaping job. He heaved his hefty bag full of college books onto his desk, then fell backwards onto the bed with a sigh, hands behind his head. He lay there staring at the ceiling for several minutes as he let the day’s events mull themselves over in his brain. He had roughly a half hour before he had to leave for his shift at the bakery.
A gentle knock brought him back to the present. He raised his head to see his mother, Liyana, standing there smiling at him fondly. 
“Rough day?” she asked, eyebrows raised. 
He groaned and let his head fall back, staring at the ceiling again. “How did you know?”
“I have a mother’s eyes,” she said, walking over to sit beside him on the bed. 
He glanced sideways at her, then sighed again. There was no use trying to hide anything from this woman. She could read him like an open book.
“Sometimes I feel like I want to do more . . . to be more . . . but I’m stuck at the bakery, and . . . not that I’m saying I don’t like the bakery, but . . .” He groped for the right words as his mother waited patiently. Finding them, he rolled onto his side and propped himself up on his elbow. “Today Jiji and Yasmin were bullied again by the soldiers, and there’s nothing I or anyone else could do about it. I spoke to Dr. Kakar today, and it’s always the same. ‘Keep your head down, Emir. Don’t draw attention, Emir. Tread lightly, Emir. Be careful what you say, Emir. You never know who’s listening.’ And    . . . I get that . . . but what if someone should speak out? What if it should be me, since I want to so badly? What’s happening around here is wrong, and you taught me to stand up against bullies . . . to fight back against injustices. I just don’t know what I’m supposed to do right now.”
He searched his mother’s eyes for understanding, awaiting her response. A woman in her fifties, she still looked like a princess. Her long dark hair was plaited at the nape of her neck in a loose bun. Her style of dress was timeless, regal, and elegant. Today she wore a traditional Pakistani dress called a shalwar kameez. The turquoise bodice, embroidered with intricate designs, was fitted, the bottom flowing, a long shawl of the same color wrapped around her neck, cascading loosely to the floor. Her usual jeweled headband dipped down in the middle of her forehead, a single sky-blue stone sparkling brightly against her olive skin. She had worn this every day for as long as Emir could remember, and it had always seemed to him to have its own life, its own personality.
After a moment Liyana exhaled, then folded her hands in her lap and looked straight ahead, assuming her you-might-not-like-what-I’m-about-to-say-but-it’s-what-you-need-to-hear posture. Then she inhaled again, steeling herself for potential backlash, and looked him square in the face.
“I know that you want me to tell you what you should do,” she said. “But,” holding up a finger, “only this can tell you what you should do.” She placed her hand on his heart.
Emir let out an exasperated sigh and fell back on the bed.
“Your father,” his mother continued, “had the opportunity to work for the government.” 
His eyes shot towards her. This was new information.
She smiled. “Your father has always known how to bake, but he has not always been a baker. He went to school with Yazan . . . with Dr. Kakar. Back before the Night of Fire. They were both on track for government leadership positions. But, they saw things. Things that made them question what direction to take.” She looked down and her eyes grew misty. “Yazan’s wife, Rahmi, used to be my best friend. She worked for the government. She died because she got in too deep   . . . knew too much. To protect their children, Yazan made a deal to work at the University, where he would be under constant supervision. Now, he must always watch his step. Your father was luckier. He made a different choice to protect our children. He chose to change his direction, to lay low, to escape the government radar. So far it has worked.” She shrugged.
Her eyes had grown misty. Seeing the questions and concerns in Emir’s eyes, she added, “Your father was not privy to the same information the Kakars had. He was never in danger . . . not the same way they were. He knew there was corruption, lies, evil. He wanted no part of that. He was able to escape, and he’s been trying ever since to keep his family safe. Your father chose his path. He chose to give up his dream job, prosperity, comfort, and chose a simpler yet sometimes more difficult life of hard work and sacrifice to protect his loved ones, and to preserve his freedom of choice. Now we can live here, free, blissfully ignorant of the inside workings of the government, going about our daily lives in whatever ways we choose, as long as we don’t become involved. Yazan Kakar’s freedoms are limited, working where he does. He cannot speak his mind. He lives in constant fear of scrutiny. This was his choice, to protect his family, at great personal risk, making different kinds of sacrifices. Does this make sense to you?”
He swallowed and nodded. 
“Good,” Liyana said. “Your path, Emir, will be different. It will be your own. You will make your own choices, do what you feel you must do to protect your family and way of life. You will be called upon to take risks, make sacrifices, but only you can determine what those will be.”
With these words, she stood and placed a kiss on his forehead. 
“I must go downstairs and tend to your sister, though I’ve no doubt her big brother’s already done that.” She smiled, then turned to go, leaving Emir with his thoughts.
***
From Emir’s house, Mahsood’s Bakery & Sweets was a brisk twenty-minute walk past the neighborhood market, the abandoned mosque, and one of the city’s many run-down parks where children ran and played happily on rusty, out-of-date playground equipment. He passed a group of soldiers stationed on one of the blocks and he felt the heat rising again. Though his sister’s school was in the opposite direction and he knew this was most likely a different group of soldiers, he glared at them as he passed, drawing some suspicious looks and causing a few of the soldiers to tighten their grips on their weapons. 
These may have been different men, but Emir knew at heart they were all the same, every last one of them willing to stand in the streets of their own hometowns and use intimidation tactics: taunts, lies, threats, even force. And for what? To induce fear of authority. To ensure submission to a tyrannical government whose main goal was to keep the people under their boot and bleed them dry, getting rich off their backs, as families struggled to survive and entire neighborhoods fell apart and disintegrated before their eyes.
The Mahsood family bakery was the only one in its sector and therefore did good business. Mornings and evenings were the busiest times of day, and Emir’s help was needed during both. He was used to rising early, before the sun began its ascent into the sky, and making the walk to the store in the dark to help fire up the ovens, prepare the dough, unlock the safe, and open the doors for the morning rush. By about eight-thirty, the rush would die down, most customers heading off to work, and Emir could usually make it home just in time to see Jinani off to school, having put in a good four hours already. He would then head to campus for the day, make it home a half hour before needing to leave again to meet the evening rush, then put in another four hours at the bakery before closing. This was the life he was accustomed to, as he’d been helping out at the bakery before and after school most days since he was about twelve years old.
Emir’s jobs at the bakery rotated between baking goods, taking orders, serving customers, buying supplies, handling the money, cleaning, and running deliveries. Today, he was behind the counter serving customers. He stood in the back, took a deep breath, tied his apron, shook off the day, put on his most charming smile, and stepped out to face the hungry masses. 
“How can I help you? . . . What can I do for you today? . . . Hello! Would you like your regular today? . . . Would you like to try our special? . . . What would you like to try today?” After nearly four hours of taking and filling orders and spewing niceties, Emir was sure his face would crack from smiling. He always felt this way by closing time. 
Tonight, ten minutes before closing, an unexpected face came through the door. 
“Dr. Kakar!” Emir greeted delightedly. “You came!”
“Of course,” Dr. Kakar said, the corners of his eyes crinkling. “Did you think I was joking about your mother’s malai laddu?”
“Not at all,” Emir replied cheerfully. “Father! Come see who’s here for malai laddu!”
Emir’s father, Danyal, emerged from the kitchen, wiping his hands on his apron. “Yazan!” he cried. “How have you been, my friend? It has been far too long! It is great to see you in here.” His eyes twinkled, his pleasure genuine, his affection for his friend written all over his face. He wiped his hands on a wet rag, dried them, then reached out to take the professor’s hand in a warm embrace.
Emir faded into the background, continuing to serve the few customers trickling in while his father and his friend caught up. He tried not to listen to their conversation, but his interest was piqued because of his mother’s words earlier. He could not help seeing both his father and Dr. Kakar in a different light, recognizing what both had sacrificed. He wondered how Dr. Kakar’s wife had died, what she had known, but he had sensed his mother’s sadness and decided not to ask too many questions. It had to be a painful topic for her, and he was sure that must be true for Dr. Kakar. Still, he wished he knew. 
As they talked, Emir sensed a change in Dr. Kakar. He started to pay closer attention. The man was still happy to be talking to his friend, but there was something else . . . an underlying feeling of . . . what was it? Nervousness? Fear?  Emir wasn’t sure, but he had always been good at picking up on emotions. He started to watch closely. Dr. Kakar kept wiping his hands on his clothes, fiddling with the hem of his suit jacket, tapping his toe. At intervals, the professor would cast nervous glances out the window, as he had towards the guard who’d been stationed in his classroom. He even glanced occasionally at Emir, as if he wanted to send him a secret message. Or maybe he wanted to ask Emir something but wasn’t sure how to approach it. Emir couldn’t put his finger on it, but there was something odd going on.
After the last of the customers were gone, Emir locked the door, then handed Dr. Kakar the box of perfect, delicate, velvety, bright yellow balls, smelling of rose and saffron and sprinkled artfully with chopped dates and pistachios. Dr. Kakar’s eyes widened in pleasant surprise. “I cannot wait to try these,” he said. Then, after a moment’s pause, he said, “In fact, while I’m here, why don’t I place an order. Will Emir be running deliveries tomorrow evening?” He said this as if it were a spur-of-the-moment idea, but Emir sensed he’d had this planned out and that it might have something to do with his nervousness. 
“Why, the boy can if you want him to, can’t you Emir?” His father said, gripping Emir’s arm jovially. 
“Of course,” said Emir. “Where would you like me to deliver to?” 
Yazan looked apprehensively from Emir to Danyal. “Well, I know it’s a little out of your area, but there is going to be a staff meeting at the main campus and I think they would love these. I mean . . . if it’s not too far out of your way . . . I will pay you well.”
“Why, not at all,” Danyal said, looking somewhat perplexed but obliging. After all, business was business. Still, he could not help but ask the same question that was on the tip of Emir’s tongue. “But why would you ask us to cater when some of the most well-known bakeries are much closer?”
“Well,” his friend waffled, “I’ve been thinking of you and I want to help out. I thought, times being what they are—” 
He risked a nervous glance out the window and looked like he might say more, but Emir’s father cut in, shaking his head, and took the man’s hands in both his own. “Of course, of course, old friend. And we are much obliged to you. Aren’t we, Emir?” 
Emir bulked. “Of . . . of course!” 
His father may be satisfied by Dr. Kakar’s answer—he would never deign to mistrust a friend’s motives—but Emir knew there was something going on, and he felt it must involve him. Why else would Dr. Kakar request him to be the one to make the delivery? Why would he be asking them to deliver so far outside their area, when there were so many bakeries within walking distance of the University? Surely he’d seen the crowd when he came in, evidence that their business was not suffering. Why would he think that making them travel so far to deliver an order would be good for business? Emir would be gone so long with this order that they’d surely have to bring in extra help tomorrow. Dr. Kakar was an intelligent man. His logic was not adding up. Something was wrong.
Emir had become lost in thought when he realized Dr. Kakar and his father were standing there waiting for him to say something. What had he missed?
“I’m sorry. Hmmm?” he asked, with a small shake to clear his head.
“My son is tired,” his father said apologetically. “He works long hours.” Then, to Emir, “He asked if you could come to his office before class tomorrow. He’ll give you directions for the delivery.”
“Oh, yes,” Emir said, nodding. “Sure. Of course.”
“Great,” said Dr. Kakar. “I will see you tomorrow, then. Well, it’s been nice, old friend,” shaking Danyal’s hand again. “I hope I’ll see you again before too long. Say hello to Liyana for me. I am sorry I missed her.” 
The two exchanged a smile that could only be called bittersweet. Emir would have wondered about it before this afternoon, but now he understood. 
“That I will,” his father said, unlocking the door for him. “Take care.”
“That I will,” said his friend, meaningfully. Then, looking both ways, he tensed and stepped out into the darkness.





Chapter 7
The next day, Emir awoke groggily, not having slept much, his mind having raced all night long. He had tossed and turned, turning over and over the things his mother had told him, the conversation with Dr. Kakar, the delivery, the soldiers. Around three o’clock in the morning his body had finally won some sleep, only to be awoken by the screeching of his alarm clock an hour later. Emir groaned and rolled over onto his face, groping for the alarm and smacking it to turn it off. 
He forced himself upright and placed both feet on the floor, rubbing the sleep from his blurry eyes, stretching and yawning. His roommates did not get up as early as he did and snored through the alarm. Nevertheless, he plodded as quietly as possible across the room, not wanting to wake them. Once, Aman snorted and rolled over, mumbling in his sleep, but Emir knew Aman was the last one he needed to worry about waking. He could sleep through anything. He looked in the mirror, still blinking away the haze. His hair was a mess, his cowlick standing on end. He took some water, wetted it and combed it down. His face was not clean-shaven; he’d taken a liking to a bit of scruff. It made him feel less like a boy and more like a man. 
After brushing his teeth and getting dressed for the day, Emir wandered downstairs to get breakfast. His mother was there waiting for him at the table with a hot cup of herbal tea and toast with homemade butter. His heart swelled. Most days he and his father were the only ones up this early. She must have been thinking about their conversation, too. 
“Good morning, Mother,” he said, kissing her on the cheek.
She smiled. “Good morning, my son.” She did not ask if he had slept well. She could see that he hadn’t. “Do not worry about your sister this morning. I can walk her to school.” 
Emir looked grim as he sipped his tea. “I’d rather accompany all of you,” he said, thinking of all the ways men like those soldiers could be disrespectful to women. 
His mother read his face and decided not to argue the point. “By all means, if it makes you feel better,” she said. Then she reached across the table and placed her hands over his. “Remember, Emir, what I told you yesterday. You have a good heart. Follow it, and it will lead you down the right path.”
They sat for a few minutes, sharing a meaningful silence that would have been awkward had it been shared with anyone else. But, Emir thought, no words are needed with someone who knows your soul.
Emir finished breakfast, thanked his mother, then slipped on his shoes on the way out the front door, checking the mirror on the wall to see if he looked awake yet. The corner of his mouth turned up as he remembered the girl with the ponytail and the jock boyfriend. He wondered briefly what he would do today to make a fool of himself.
***
Dr. Kakar’s office door was ajar when Emir arrived that afternoon. 
“Ah,” the professor said, looking up. “You made it! Please, sit down.”
Emir nodded in greeting, then took a seat. He couldn’t understand why he was so nervous. He had grown up around the man. It wasn’t like he was in trouble. Still, he couldn’t shake the sneaking suspicion that something was up, and he wasn’t sure if he was ready to find out what it was.
“You’re probably wondering why I asked you to come here early,” said Dr. Kakar, cutting right to the chase. “As you know, the security at the University is tight these days. You will need to use this tag to get past the gate.” He handed Emir a tag with a scanner code and a picture of himself on it. “It’s okay, I have more than one, so you’ll just need to return this to me in class. After getting through the gate, you will hand this to the guard.” He gave Emir an envelope, stamped with the seal of the University, his signature on the front. He continued, “The guard will then ask you to answer a few security questions. You will need to answer them correctly. They are: where did I grow up, where did I attend college, and . . .” he hesitated, “the name of my first wife. I trust you already know these answers?” he raised an eyebrow.
“Y—yes,” stammered Emir. He wondered how Dr. Kakar knew that he knew the answers, his mother having just told him two of them the day before. Emir had known he and his father had been friends since childhood, but he’d never realized that they’d gone to school together, and he hadn’t known the name of his deceased wife because they had never discussed her. She’d been gone since before he was born. 
“That is good,” Dr. Kakar said, inspecting him as if making sure he was telling the truth. “Once you gain admittance, you will go down the long corridor to the left, where you will take a set of stairs up a floor, then turn right, then through the double doors, then turn left again, down a long hallway, and there you will find the staff conference room 231A.” He scribbled the number on a small piece of paper as he spoke, trusting Emir’s sense of direction and good memory not to let him get lost. “Easy enough?”
“Yes, sir,” Emir nodded. “I’ve got it.” He flashed a crooked grin and Dr. Kakar returned it conspiratorially.
“I certainly hope so. Seven o’clock. Please arrive fifteen minutes early.” He said this firmly, as if something important would be depending on it, besides a bunch of teachers with grumbling stomachs. 
“I will,” Emir said confidently. “Thank you, sir. I’ll see you in class.” 
***
That afternoon, Emir skipped a couple of his classes so he could walk Jinani and Yasmin home from school as promised, then hurried back. To his relief or dismay, he could not tell which, there had been no soldiers on their route today, which meant no one for him to glare at or tell off. 
Dr. Kakar’s class passed by in a blur. Emir paid attention to very little, including the girl from the day before. A few times he noticed her smiling coyly, trying to catch his eye, but he was so anxious for the day to go by quickly that he did not give it much thought. At the end of class, he noticed her pouting as she picked up her books. Then he realized there was something different about her today: more makeup, or she’d curled her hair, or something. He half-smiled at her and she pointedly frowned at him on her way out of class, flipping her hair back defiantly. Emir didn’t know what he’d done wrong, but didn’t much care. She had a boyfriend anyway.
The rest of the afternoon went by on autopilot. Rather than going home as usual before heading over to the bakery, Emir went straight there after class. He wanted to get there early so he could help prepare for the evening rush before needing to leave for the main campus. He calculated in his head and determined he would need to leave by five to ensure getting there on time. Emir’s entire family, including his parents, siblings, and the aunts, uncles, and cousins with whom they shared the house had one vehicle among them. It was a very rare occurrence to be able to use it, even though he’d had his license for several years. Emir could take the bus, but these were both unsafe and unreliable. Dr. Kakar had said to be there early, and Emir was determined to do just that. This may be the most important delivery of his life. He couldn’t say why he felt this way, but there was a current of urgency flowing through his bones like static whenever he thought about it. 
The time approached and he grabbed the requested boxes full of goods and sweets. Dr. Kakar had not been specific with his order, so Emir had put together a standard catering selection and made sure to include some of the professor’s favorite malai laddu balls. He stacked the boxes carefully in a shoulder delivery bag with one pouch hanging in front and one in back, then slung it over his shoulder. He was thankful it was no heavier than his backpack normally was, since he would have roughly a ninety-minute walk holding two of these bags. Filling the other one, he heaved it over his other shoulder, then headed out.
When he arrived at the University, he followed his directions, stopping at the security box at the front gate to scan Dr. Kakar’s tag. It was already dark, but the enormous mosque-like building still loomed there impressively, making him catch his breath. He traversed the giant lawn, hoping he’d missed the regularly scheduled sprinklers since the grass appeared lush and extremely well-tended.  
Entering the front doors, he handed the envelope to the security guard, who scanned him, opened the envelope, pulled out the card, and began mechanically reading the questions on the card like it was routine. Emir having answered each question correctly, the guard dropped the envelope down what appeared to be a laundry chute, but Emir guessed was an incinerator. Then he gave Emir the nod, allowing him entrance. 
Emir had rehearsed the directions to himself enough times that he remembered them.  He turned left and walked down the long, largely deserted, echoing corridor, past closed doors, large portraits of the University’s founding fathers, some of whom he recognized, and glass cases full of awards and trophies. Finally, he reached a set of stairs, which he trudged up with increasingly heavy steps. Thankfully, it was just one floor. Recalling his directions, he turned right at the top of the stairs, walked through a huge set of double doors, turned left again, and walked down another long hallway, this one much emptier than the first. 
Emir could tell this was the staff hallway. The floors here were carpeted and he passed what looked like a breakroom with coffee machines, round tables and lounge chairs. Approaching room 231A, he was surprised to hear angry voices coming from inside another door. His pulse quickened as he recognized one of the voices. Dr. Kakar was involved in a heated argument with another man. No . . . two other men. Emir paused outside the door, holding his breathing in check so as not to be heard. He looked both ways and saw no signs of anyone else coming, then leaned his ear closer to the door.
“—must consider the ramifications!” Dr. Kakar said, exasperated. “Consider the past! This people . . . this region . . . has been through enough! Our economy is weak, our people struggling. These are no longer the warmongering, blood-thirsty people they once were. Hard times have forced them to live together. In peace. Many are still recovering. Think on this. What you are planning could potentially set us back hundreds of years, plunging us into war all over again!”
Emir froze, his already shallow breath catching in his chest as he strained his ear, stunned. What who was planning?
A deeper voice spoke through clenched teeth. “You forget your place, Dr. Kakar. You are out of line. This discovery could be the key to uniting the whole world under one power, one regime. Wouldn’t this solve our problems? Save economies worldwide? Empower our people?”
“Perhaps, in time,” Dr. Kakar responded. “But at what cost? How many lives would you sacrifice for absolute power?”
“You misunderstand us,” the third voice broke in pacifyingly. “It is not some evil desire for power which drives us, but for control.” Emir wasn’t quite sure what the difference was. The man went on, “Control over the world market, the world government. Would this not allow us to better help our people? We would have ultimate control over all the world’s resources. How would that be a bad thing?”
“War is a bad thing!” returned Dr. Kakar emphatically. “Our people are trying to live their lives in peace! Struggling to rebuild! Remember what happened before! Remember the carnage . . . the destruction! The Others have been silent for many years. Inactive. Hiding. Laying low. Staying out of trouble. Remember what happened when they were—” he trailed off, his voice now trembling. Then he drew in a ragged breath and, regaining his composure, tried a different approach. “Many of our people have relatives in Kandahar. Friends. It has been a long time, but they still exist. Do you think our people will be willing to fight them, if it comes to that? Will you become the regime that expects our young men to enlist and fight for a cause they do not stand for? What if they refuse? Will you use force? Will you become like the regimes of the past?”
There was a moment in which the men seemed to be considering this, then the deeper voice said in dangerously low tones, “We will be the regime who expects allegiance from its people. Nothing more. You will do well, Dr. Kakar, to remember where your own allegiance lies. That will be all.”
Realizing this could signal the door opening, Emir straightened and hurriedly walked past and into the open conference room. A moment later, Dr. Kakar arrived, flushed and tense. Seeing Emir, he stopped. Emir froze guiltily, feeling like he’d been caught with his hands in the cookie jar, and a moment passed in which understanding flashed between them. Dr. Kakar knew he’d overheard.
Unable to speak, Emir gulped and began placing the boxes of baked goods on the table. Dr. Kakar slowly approached him and stood so close Emir could feel his breath on his neck as he leaned over the table. Then he said, so low that only Emir could hear, “Speak not a word of this, Emir. But do as you must.”
Then Dr. Kakar straightened, turned, and walked out of the room, leaving Emir to his task. Realizing he was still frozen in place, Emir slowly straightened and let out a long, slow breath he had been holding for who knew how long. He finished unloading the boxes, absent-mindedly arranging them as he’d done hundreds of times, this time failing to notice how much lighter his bags were as he robotically made his way back downstairs and out onto the lawn.
All the way home, Emir felt as if his blood had been frozen in his veins. He sensed the world spinning, his shoulders still tense, his heart beating rapidly, his breaths still ragged and shallow, his chest still tight. He walked in a fog, and yet his head was clearer than it had been all day. For the first time, he knew what he needed to do. 
He replayed Dr. Kakar’s words in his head. Speak not a word of this, Emir. But do what you must. He knew, somehow, with certainty that the professor had intended Emir to overhear his conversation. He had staged it, knowing Emir would be there, had shouted to ensure Emir could hear him, had known Emir would be unable to resist eavesdropping. And, ultimately, he had known Emir would be unable to resist acting on what he had overheard. Speak not a word of this, Emir. But do what you must.
By the time Emir got home, he was exhausted, but entered the house in a trance. He patted his goats on the head, then shooed them away. Entering the house, he kicked off his shoes. Jinani and several cousins were camped out in the living room with Sinjab, watching Bambi. He kissed Jinani on top of the head. She looked up at him, smiling, hugging her stuffed bunny. Still trembling, his tired legs carried him upstairs. He murmured a few words of greeting to the few family members he passed on the stairs and was grateful to find that Aman had already crashed and was snoring on his bed.
For the second time that day, Emir fell back on his bed, reaching over to turn off the light. He lay in the dark, listening to Aman’s snores, taking deep breaths to slow his pulse, staring at the ceiling. Gradually, the stars began to appear as his eyes adjusted to the blackness. 
Speak not a word of this, Emir. But do what you must.
The words echoed in his ears, piercing him to the very core. He knew what he must do. He lay there for hours, staring at the ceiling, steadily inhaling, slowly exhaling, waiting for the house to be quiet, bracing himself for action and another sleepless night. Then, when the house was still, he slowly sat up, put both feet on the floor, and began to pack his bag.





Chapter 8
The fire crackled, a low hum of chatter in the air as the men and women ate, a few small children weaving in and out among them, chasing each other and squealing delightedly. A baby cried and its mother pulled it close to her, attempting to soothe it. 
From the shadows a young woman, now about sixteen, sat watching the whole scene, exuding an air of disconnected boredom as she leaned back, sharpening the blade of her dagger. She wore a long black cloak called a burka, a black hijab which was now slightly pulled back revealing thick, ebony hair, and a red niqab which was now pulled down around her neck, allowing her to eat. She was one of the few women who still chose to wear these traditional coverings, most of them opting for more modern clothing in brighter colors. She liked red and black; it was more intimidating. Over her right eye, a scar extended from beneath a black eyepatch, giving the effect of lightning starting at her cheek and branching out towards the sky. A similar, smaller scar covered part of her left brow, beneath which a strikingly bright blue eye gleamed. The overall effect was quite startling. She liked it that way.
“Zara, my love,” an older woman in her sixties said, sitting down next to the girl and placing a hand on her knee. “Why don’t you move closer to the fire? You will catch a chill.”
Zara shrugged, somewhat defensively, but her demeanor softened at the touch. “I like it here, Natara. You know that.” 
The old woman sighed. “I know, dear. I know.” She patted Zara’s knee resignedly. 
This was an exchange that had occurred between them nearly every dinnertime for years now. Zara had to break it to Natara . . . she was never one to give up.
Natara, like Zara, wore a burka and a hijab, though she preferred off-whites and pastels. She had raised Zara from a baby, had passed down her traditions as well as her religion, though she knew Zara only kept it to honor her. She was sure Zara did not share her faith in one God, Allah, but went through the motions of observing the religion as if she believed it. The clothing tradition, on the other hand, Zara had embraced and taken yet a step further, choosing to wear the face-covering to set herself apart from society even more, her own subtle style of rebellion. Natara did not believe this was healthy, hiding herself away all the time, making herself as unapproachable as possible, but she would not force the issue, just tried day after day to gently coax her from her shell. So far, it hadn’t worked. She’d watched as over the years Zara had become more and more reclusive, watching the world from the shadows and hoping not to be seen.
A woman nearby stood to get more food, excusing herself to Natara, then skirting cautiously around Zara as if afraid she were a snake about to strike. Zara smirked, amused. She had lived here her whole life and had yet to bite any one of these imbeciles. 
A few moments passed in which she and Natara sat in silence, watching the rest of the crowd finish eating and dispersing to their tents. When she had finished, Zara turned to Natara and placed a kiss on her cheek. “Night, ma’am,” she said, a term of endearment she’d given her as a child. In honor of her deceased mother, Natara had not allowed Zara to refer to herself as ‘mother’ or ‘mom’, but, in true fashion, Zara had found her own way around this, insisting what she was saying was actually ‘ma’am’. 
Natara chuckled as Zara offered her cheek, which the old woman placed a kiss on before Zara stood, sheathed her dagger, and pulled her niqab back up over her face.  
“I’ll be along shortly,” Natara said, watching Zara’s slight form retreat. She sighed deeply, then stood to begin the mealtime clean-up. 
***
The next day dawned bright and early. Zara awoke to the sound of a new fire crackling and people stirring outside, getting ready for the day. The familiar smells of bread, smoke, spices, tea and cooked meat wafted through the tent doors. She knew Natara had been up for hours already preparing breakfast for the entire clan. She worried that Natara did not get enough rest for her aging body, but also knew her cooking was the only reason they still lived here after all these years. The clan master, Hazeem, would have tossed them out long ago if he hadn’t not-so-secretly loved Natara’s culinary skills.
Zara stretched, stood, and dressed herself for the day in jeans and her favorite black Metallica t-shirt, the one with the four armored horseback-riding skeletons. No one would see what she wore under her burka, but she would know, and chose to wear clothes that made her feel empowered. She pulled her burka on over her clothes, stepped into her black boots and laced them up, then pulled her niqab around her neck, pulling her thick curtain of hair out from under it. Almost as an afterthought, she carelessly ran a brush through her matted hair, throwing it back into a messy braid. Her hair would be hidden anyway, so she refused to spend more than a few seconds on it. She replaced her eyepatch, then stuffed her hair under her hijab and emerged from the tent, shielding her one good eye from the sun. 
Out of nowhere, a fist punched her on the shoulder. 
“Good morning, sunshine!” said Jabar, annoyingly brightly. He was nearly twelve years her senior, but failed to act like it.
“Thanks,” said Zara sarcastically, rubbing her shoulder.
“That’s the spirit,” he said happily. “Up for a fight today?” He mimed slashing a sword around and jabbing her in the gut. She instinctively swatted him away.
“No raids today?” she asked accusingly. 
A flicker of hurt crossed Jabar’s face and Zara sighed. “Sure, why not?” After all, she had nothing better to do today, just like the day before. And the day before that. And almost every day for as long as she could remember. Sure, she helped out Natara where she could, but she did not share the same passion or innate skill for cooking, feeling it a waste of time to perfect food when it was going to be devoured in a few moments by people who would be too busy gossiping to even enjoy its flavor. 
Most of Zara’s days were spent either jousting with Jabar or riding around on her horse, Qat. A beautiful black stallion with a sleek coat, mane and tail, Qat stood a head and shoulders taller than Zara. He’d been given to her as a gift from Jabar and Abal when she’d turned ten. They’d taught her to bridle him, groom him, feed him, mount and ride him, and he’d been her most constant and true companion ever since.
“Great,” said Jabar, grinning again. “I’ll see you after breakfast.”
Zara worked the kinks in her neck and shoulders out as she strapped on her belt, sheathing her sword and dagger. She made her way to the fire, where Natara toiled over her cooking, a table already spread with naan butta bread, ghee, hot milk tea known as shir rogho, boiled potatoes with onion and leeks known as bolani, and dried meat called qadid. 
She grabbed a handful of the meat, stuffing a piece in her mouth and the rest of it into a little pouch tied to her belt. Then, pouring herself a cup of tea and a piece of bread, she snuck up behind Natara and whispered behind her ear, “Good morning, ma’am.”
Natara jumped, nearly dropping her pan in the fire and smacked Zara on the arm with her free hand, cursing in her native Persian. 
Natara let out a laugh, her visible eye sparkling with humor. She took a seat behind Natara’s shoulder, the morning crowd still taking their time to gather. A few people already seated scooted further away. Zara grunted with derision and considered shouting ‘Boo!’ Thinking better of it, she leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees, staring vaguely into the fire as she sipped her tea. 
“Any big plans today?” Natara asked, glancing over her shoulder.
“The usual,” Zara said, straightening. She shot a glance at the little boy who sat a few seats away, eyeing her warily, and he hastily looked away. She snorted, then continued sipping her tea.
After finishing her bread, she stood and hugged Natara around the neck. “I’ll be back.” Natara smiled, tilting her head so Zara could kiss her cheek, then returned her focus to her work.
Zara placed her empty cup in the bin on the table, then refilled her canteen at the water jug. She caught a glimpse of Hazeem in the corner of her eye, conversing with another man in low tones, one of the senior clan members who always went on raids. She had always considered him Hazeem’s sidekick and had no trust or liking for either of them. Part of her wondered what they were up to, being so secretive. It wasn’t as if everyone in the camp didn’t know about their escapades. Her interest piqued, she strained to listen more intently.
Sensing her attention on them, Hazeem’s head whipped over, their conversation halted. Good job, Zara, she thought. Real stealthy. Bracing herself, she squared her shoulders and turned to face him. 
He approached her angrily. “What are you doing, girl?” he spat. 
“My business is my own,” she said, standing her ground. 
“As is mine,” he hissed. “You have no right listening to my conversations.”
“And you have no proof I was doing so,” Zara said coolly. 
He raised his hand to strike her, but she grabbed his wrist. Both of them froze. The look on his face was one of rage, mixed with fear. Zara might be small, but there was a fire behind her eyes that, coward as he was, he’d been afraid to tempt since she had become the camp’s most accomplished fighter. 
Angrily, Hazeem yanked his hand back, his nostrils flaring. He brought his face inches from her own, raised a finger and said, “Let that be a warning.”
She smirked.
Then a wicked smile spread across his face as a thought seemed to occur to him, sending a chill down Zara’s spine. “If I were you, I would watch my back,” he snarled. “Freak.” He spat at Zara’s boot, turned, and slinked away.
***
The jousting session with Jabar was more intense than usual after the interaction with Hazeem. Zara slashed, spun, sliced and jabbed with a fury of emotion Jabar had rarely seen, especially from one who kept herself so carefully guarded. Sure, the girl could fight, but she generally held back and went a little easier on him. He had to work extra hard this time to defend himself, especially when she drew her dagger. As impressive as she was with a sword, she was deadly with that dagger.
When they were both sufficiently out of breath, Jabar removed his turban and robes, ringing them out and plopping down in the shade of the tree by their little oasis. Zara and he had scouted out this spot at the base of the mountain when the clan had settled nearby and had used it as their meet-up spot nearly every day since. 
Kneeling, he cupped his hands and splashed water on himself, shaking the excess out of his hair, which earned him a half-hearted slap from Zara as she joined him beside the pool. Both friends were sweating profusely and breathing hard. 
Jabar looked sideways at Zara, who had removed her coverings and was dousing herself with water, brow still drawn and jaw still set in determination. He let out a long, slow whistle and shook his head. “Al’ama, Zara. What did I ever do to you?”
They both laughed, releasing a bit of tension. She cupped water in her hands and poured it on her hair, which had been let down, then smoothed it and began rebraiding it. “It wasn’t you,” she said between breaths. “It was Hazeem.”
Jabar rolled his eyes. “Really? You still let that hemar get to you?”
She shot him a withering look. “No. But today, he said something new. He seemed . . . different. Like he knew something. I don’t know . . . it was weird.”
Jabar looked thoughtfully down at the water and poked it with his sword. “Yeah, I know.”. 
Zara’s eyes shot toward him. “What do you mean? You know something, too?”
“No,” he said, backtracking. “I don’t know what he’s up to or anything. I thought he seemed weird, too. He’s been visiting the Hub more. I think he’s meeting with someone there.”
Zara studied his face. He was telling the truth; he knew nothing more. Jabar had always been the one person here, besides Natara, that Zara could trust. His sister, Abal, had married a member of another clan several years ago. She, too, had been someone Zara had trusted and looked up to. Her absence had left a gaping hole. 
Remembering something, Zara patted Jabar on the shoulder. “I’m sorry,” she said.
He looked surprised. “For what?” he asked incredulously.
“For this morning,” she said, turning away. “The raids comment. I was out of line. I know you’ve never had a choice.”
Jabar’s chest swelled for a moment, then his jaw tensed as he looked back at the water. “But that’s not really true, is it.”
“What do you mean?” asked Zara. She searched his face and he turned back to look at her, his eyes boring into hers.
“Don’t we all have a choice?” he asked. “Every day, we all do have a choice, Zara. I could leave. I don’t have to stay here and do his bidding. Do I?” He seemed to be truly asking her this, searching for answers in her face. 
“I don’t—” She gulped, shaking her head, unsure how to respond. She’d never much thought about this; had just assumed he’d been threatened into submission, or that he had no other skills besides thievery that he could live off of because he’d grown up here. Truly, he didn’t have much of a choice. Did he?
“Zara,” he said, softer. “You must know that I stay here for you. I do not stay here for the raids. I despise them. I have no loyalty to the clan, not since Abal’s been gone, but to you.”
He reached over and patted her cheek. She knew this was not a romantic sentiment, not a romantic gesture. He was her brother, her family. Her heart swelled and her eyes welled with gratitude. She placed a hand on his and closed her eyes. “Thank you, Jabar,” she whispered. 
The moment passed and she let his hand drop, both of them left staring at the water. At length, it grew awkward and he playfully slapped the backside of her head. She laughed, splashing water at him, and before long they were both drenched, both laughing on their backs under the tree. 
After a while he sat up, the water already evaporating from his clothes and hair. “Well, I think I’d better run, little sis,” he said, winking. “Man stuff to tend to.”
“Yeah, right,” she teased, adjusting her eyepatch as she sat up. “I think I’ll stay here a little while longer.”
He nodded, replacing his turban, mounting his horse, and riding off towards camp. Qat nudged Zara’s ear from behind as if reminding her he was there. She reached up, looked into the giant eyes, and patted his muzzle. Then she cupped water in her hands and held it up to his lips. She smiled as he lapped the water up, then reached his head down to the bigger pool for more. 
Zara sighed. When Qat had drank enough, she stood and began bridling him. Suddenly, she heard heavy footsteps hurriedly shuffling towards her on the other side of the tree. Heart pounding, she reached down and pulled out her dagger. Placing herself menacingly between Qat and the approaching steps, she assumed an attack stance as a lone young man, wearing modern street clothes but covered in dirt and scrapes, stumbled into view. Seeing her, his eyes widened in alarm. He put up his hands as if in surrender, dropped to his knees, and then passed out face first in the sand.





Chapter 9
Zara’s first act was to flip the stranger onto his back, checking him for weapons and assessing his condition. His lips were severely chapped, his skin burnt from the hot sun. He had a gash on his cheek and his left eye was swollen. He carried no possessions and his poor feet were bare. He had ripped his shirt off at the bottom, exposing his midsection, which was also sunburnt, then had used the material from his shirt to tie around his feet in an attempt at protecting them from the hot rocks and sand. She grimaced. Poor stupid thing.
Thinking quickly, she pulled him into the shade on the grass. She removed a handkerchief from her saddlebag, dipped it in the water, and began sponging his brow with it, wiping the grime from his face. This should help bring his body temperature down. 
Sighing, she replaced her hijab, niqab and burka in case the stranger opened his eyes. She sat down and placed his head on her lap. Then, gently cradling his head in one arm, she slapped his face with the other hand. The stranger startled, his eyes fluttering open. He looked at her hazily, confusion written on his face.
“Drink,” she said firmly before he faded back out. She poured water from her canteen into his mouth, some of it dribbling out the side, which she wiped off. She did not know this young man or what he had been through to end up here in this shape, but she felt that she could help him retain just a bit of human dignity. His eyes started closing again. She slapped his other cheek.
“Stay awake,” she said. “Do you want to die out here?” Even as she said it, she wondered if perhaps he had wanted to die out here. Why else would someone wander into this harsh wilderness alone and unarmed. At least, she assumed he’d been unarmed, or else he was just very bad at defending himself. She guessed he’d been robbed. Hence the gash on his face and the black eye.
The stranger groaned, coming to himself a little bit. He looked up at her again and tried to sit up, but fell back into her lap with a groan.
“Keep drinking,” she said, pouring more water into his mouth. This time, he weakly raised a hand and wiped off the dribble himself. 
“Dangyoo,” he said faintly. 
Zara leaned down more closely. “I beg your pardon?” she said. 
“Dangyoo,” he said, slightly louder this time. She thought he was trying to thank her rather than curse her.
“You’re . . . welcome?” she said, raising her eyebrows. His face turned up to get a better look at hers, his eyes moving over the eyepatch, the scar, and then resting on her good eye. Her lashes fluttered uncomfortably, and she poured more water into his mouth, this time a little too hastily, making him sputter and gurgle a little bit. He rolled onto his side.
“Sorry,” said Zara, stifling a laugh. “You need to gather enough strength to mount this horse.” She pointed to Qat, who snorted genially. “Think you can do that?”
The stranger seemed to consider this, then slowly propped himself up onto his elbow with another groan and nodded. 
“Okay,” Zara said. “Here, I’ll help you.” She extended her hand, and with some effort the young man used it to pull himself to his feet. She placed a hand under his elbow to steady him. He nodded gratefully. 
“Where are you from?” she asked. “Is your camp far from here?” 
“No camp,” he said, shaking his head, still clearly exhausted and disheveled. “From . . . Pakistan. Peshawar.” 
“Peshawar!” she exclaimed, surprised. “That’s quite a walk from here.”
He nodded at her grimly, rubbing the back of his head, where he must have had another bump. Then, without a word, he took a few stumbling steps towards Qat. 
“Woah,” she said. “You don’t need to be down there again.” She nodded towards the ground. “Here, let me help you.” 
He’d apparently never mounted a horse before, or perhaps he’d been hit on the head too hard and forgotten how it was done. Either way, she had to show him how to put his foot in the stirrup, steadying him as he did so, and how to pull himself up. He looked uncomfortable and slightly afraid up there as he sat hunched over, holding the reins for dear life. 
Zara shook her head. City folk. How do they ever survive? Then she clicked her tongue, signaling to Qat to start heading back to camp. Qat whinnied and began walking slowly, the rider bouncing awkwardly around on her back. 
After riding several minutes in relative silence, aside from the young man’s embarrassing grunts and groans, Zara was surprised when he looked down at her and summoned enough strength to ask what her name was.
“Zaharina,” she said, giving the long version of her name. Zara was reserved for the select few who knew her. “What is yours?” she asked, not really caring but deciding to be polite.
“Emir,” he replied. “Emir Mahsood.”






Chapter 10
Emir bounced and wobbled around stupidly on the beast’s back, for beast it truly was. The animal was all muscle. He could feel the power of its legs beneath him and sensed the great restraint it took for it to not buck him off. He wasn’t sure how he knew this, but the animal could tell he wasn’t a skilled rider, and he sensed it was taking pity on him. It would not normally let anyone besides this strange girl on its back.
He glanced at the girl, Zaharina, again. Most of her face was covered, between the hoodie thing, the face covering, and the eyepatch. There were plenty of people in Peshawar who still wore those things, but since most people didn’t and he wasn’t religious, he couldn’t remember what those things were called. All he knew was that her one visible eye was the most striking blue he’d ever seen, with impossibly long, thick, dark lashes, and her scars gave her face so much character, that the overall effect made it extremely difficult to look away. When he did, his eyes were drawn to the dagger strapped around her waist. It was long and curved, like a crescent moon, with an ornate bronze handle and a sheath with elaborate carvings. He caught glimpses of it as she walked, and he hoped he would never be on the wrong end of it.
She walked beside him, one hand around Emir’s ankle as if she expected him to topple off the horse any second. He was grateful for her help, guessing today would have been his last had she not come along. Then again, he still wasn’t sure it wouldn’t be. Where was she taking him? Hopefully, somewhere with food, water, and a bed. He’d been taught that these nomadic people were wild, ferocious and uncivilized. What if he was about to be her family’s main course for dinner? The thought made him shudder, but he wasn’t in a position to question her motives. He was rather at her mercy.
Her eyes flashed his direction when he shuddered and her shoulders stiffened, her hand that had been on his leg dropping to her side. Feeling he needed to say something nice to lighten the suddenly tense mood, he said, “Thank you. I probably would have died.”
He couldn’t see most of her face, but it felt like she was smirking. 
“Probably,” she said wryly. “You still might.”
Emir gulped. Her shoulders loosened up and he sensed she was enjoying a private laugh at his expense. 
“Where are we going?” he risked asking.
“To my camp,” she said. “And don’t worry . . . we’re not going to eat you or anything.” 
Emir wondered how she knew he had been thinking that. He felt sheepish, but she didn’t seem angry, and he had to admit he was a bit relieved.
“My people can help you,” Zaharina continued. “We can give you food, help you get back to health. You can rest up and then be on your way. Where were you going, anyway?”
Emir paused. Then, figuring he had nothing to lose, he decided to tell her. “Kandahar,” he said. “I have a message to relay.”
This time the girl snorted.
“What?” he asked defensively.
“You were going from Peshawar to Kandahar? On foot? Alone?” she asked sardonically. 
“Yes,” he said.
“Well, you were heading the wrong direction,” she said. “Kandahar is that way,” she pointed at a spot on the horizon. 
Emir wasn’t sure, but he felt she was pointing in the direction from which he’d just come. How could she tell? The mountains, the sky, the sun . . . everything looked the same. He’d always prided himself on his keen sense of direction, but out here it was much different. There were no lefts and rights, no landmarks, no street signs. Just sand, rocks, sky, and blinding sun all around them. How did this girl even know where they were going? What if she got them lost?
No sooner had he thought this than a low din of noise reached his ears and, as they crested the next hill, an entire village unfolded before his eyes. In the valley below them were horses, camels, sheep, goats, dogs, men in white turbans and robes, women in vibrantly colored clothing, children with dirty faces running and kicking balls, and tents. Many, many white tents. 
Emir blinked and froze. Zaharina, hearing his gasp, stopped her horse and allowed him to acclimate himself to the sight for a moment before descending into the valley. As they approached the camp, a few children stopped playing and watched them. A dog barked at them, drawing more attention, and Zaharina shushed it and shooed it away. Some heads turned, some people stopped what they were doing and gaped at him stupidly, and a few women nearby started chattering excitedly to each other. He felt like the circus had come to town and he was the main attraction. What a disappointing circus.
Nervously, he wiped at his mouth, afraid he might be drooling again, but his lips were too chapped and he couldn’t tell. Wanting to jump off the horse and hide, he was relieved when Zaharina parked the horse behind a tent and reached up to help him down. As he awkwardly dismounted, a gray-haired woman with kind eyes approached them through the open tent doors, looking concerned. 
“Who is this?” she asked Zaharina. 
“A traveler,” Zaharina responded wearily, pushing her hijab back and wiping her brow, to which a few stray hairs had become matted. Emir felt a sudden jolt of guilt in his gut, realizing for the first time she’d given up her ride for him and walked all the way back. The poor girl must be tired.
Thinking he was steadier on his feet, Emir went to step forward, extending his hand to the woman, and stumbled. The woman caught him, showing surprising strength, and said comfortingly, “This way, poor dear.” Then, under her breath, she murmured, “Allah, help us.” 
She gently led him to a seat inside the tent. “What is your name?” she asked, turning to a table behind her and opening a small drawstring bag. She drew out a small container and unscrewed the lid. “For your lips,” she said.
“Thank you,” he said, taking it and rubbing some of the contents onto his lips. He wasn’t sure what it was, but it offered instant relief. “And . . . Emir,” he said. “Emir Mahsood.”
He went to stand and extend his hand again, but the old woman shook her head, offering him a cup she had poured for him. He took it gratefully. 
“And I am Natara,” she said. She sat next to him and inclined her head to Zaharina, who’d been leaning on a tent post in the shadows, her arms folded, watching him. 
Zaharina stepped forward. “Yes, ma’am?” she asked.
“This young man will need some fresh clothes and some shoes. Will you speak to Jabar?”
“Of course,” Zaharina said, swiftly leaving the tent.
Emir sat sipping his water uncomfortably, partly because of the woman’s eyes on him and partly because of the long bumpy ride on the horse. He shifted in his seat.
Presently, Natara spoke. “It is uncommon to have wanderers in these parts,” she said. Emir sensed a question behind her words.
“I am not a common traveler,” he smiled. “I set off three days ago . . . at least, I think it was three days ago . . . from Peshawar.” He spoke slowly, mentally retracing his steps. “I followed the highway and came through the Khyber Pass. After I got through, I almost got caught by border patrol, so I hid in the mountain.” 
Realizing Natara had tensed, Emir backtracked. “I mean . . . that’s not what . . . I’m not a criminal or anything. I didn’t want to be detained, as I have an urgent message to deliver to . . . my uncle. In Kandahar.” 
Natara relaxed. “That is good. I cannot harbor criminals.” She winked. Then, seeing his discomfort, she chuckled heartily. “That is funny because, around here, all the men are criminals.” 
“Oh,” he sputtered, “that’s . . . haha . . . yeah . . .” What had he wandered into?
Natara’s eyes twinkled as her laughter died down. “Don’t you worry, young man. You are in good hands. Perhaps the best in the camp. I can cook, and my Zara can fight, so no criminals will come in and get you while you rest. Zara and I are not criminals. We live and let live, and so do they. It is . . . how do you say? . . . a mutually beneficial relationship.” 
Still smiling, she sat looking at him as he sat feeling foolish.
“Zara?” he asked. “Your daughter?”
“Yes,” she said fondly. “Zaharina. Your rescuer. You are lucky she found you. Not everyone around here would have been so kind.”
“I know,” Emir said. “I mean . . . I don’t know . . . I’ve not met everyone else, but . . .”
He was saved from further comment by the entrance of Zaharina, or Zara, as her mother had called her. She stepped in leading a man Emir guessed was in his mid-to-late-twenties, who wore a jovial smile on his face. 
“So, the walking dead!” Jabar greeted. At least, he assumed this was Jabar.
Emir’s cheeks flushed. Or was that the sunburn flaring up? 
“At your service,” he said bashfully. Again, he tried to rise to shake Jabar’s hand, but Jabar waved him down, shaking his head. 
“No, no, you stay there. No need to get up. I came to see if you were about my size. I think you are. Here, try these on.” He handed Emir a pair of khaki pants and a white button-up shirt, along with a pair of socks, brown leather loafers, and—Emir gulped—underwear. 
Seeing his reaction to the last item, Jabar laughed, an easy, throaty sound. “It’s okay, they’re clean. I washed them myself. In fact, perhaps you should wash up before you put on my clean clothes, eh?” 
Emir wasn’t sure whether Jabar was joking or not, but he rather hoped he wasn’t. A nice wash would do him good. Just as he thought this, his stomach rumbled loudly. Jabar’s eyes widened and he laughed again. 
“Sounds like someone has an appetite. Let’s get this man some food!”
Natara stepped forward with a wash rag, another pouch, and another container, handing it to him with instructions to follow Jabar. 
“What’s this?” Emir held up the pouch and the container simultaneously.
“Soap in the bag,” said Natara. “Aloe for your burns,” pointing to the container. 
“Oh, thanks,” he said, then stood to follow Jabar. He brushed past Zaharina on the way out of the tent and realized she hadn’t said much the entire time he’d been there. She just stood there with her arms folded, like she was trying to decide what to make of him. He hoped she’d make something better of him once she saw him cleaned up. Although, he was unsure if any amount of washing could erase her memory of him drooling that morning. Not really sure why he even cared, he followed Jabar back outside into the hot sun.
***
Emir had spent perhaps a bit too long scrubbing himself down in the shared makeshift camp shower, which was really a curtain surrounding a bucket of water hooked up to a solar-powered sprinkler. He’d never appreciated running water more than he did now. What he wouldn’t give for water pressure . . . and real toilets. 
Finally feeling presentable—and human—again, Emir stepped out of the shower only to find Zaharina leaning against a post, back turned, arms folded, waiting for him. 
“Ahem,” he cleared his throat, slicking back his hair with his hand. “How do I look?” He flashed her a crooked grin, feeling stupid even as he did it, but too late to turn back now.
She said nothing, looking him over from head to toe. 
His smile faltered.
“You’re going to bake,” she said, walking away. He figured he should follow and hustled behind her, feeling somewhat revived.
She arrived at a tent which appeared to be full of supplies and grabbed a pile of towels off a table, then turned and handed them to him. “Here,” she said.
“No thanks. I’m good,” Emir said, flashing his perfect white teeth. She did nothing so he added, “Already dry.”
She rolled her eyes . . . at least the one he could see. “No, stupid. These are not towels. These are turbans.”
He blinked. “Huh?”
“Turbans,” she said. “They go on your head. Men wear them—” 
“I know what turbans are,” he said defensively. “I just didn’t know they were required.”
“They’re not,” she said slowly. “As I was saying . . . men wear them to keep themselves from baking in the sun, as you did. Had you known this, you might not have passed out and gotten burnt.”
Emir paused. “Okay, but . . . doesn’t wearing more clothing make a person hotter?”
“Aye, aye, aye,” said Zara, rolling her eyes. “Don’t you know anything? You know what? Just . . . put it on.” She turned and started walking away again, muttering something in a Persian language he didn’t know. He assumed it was Dari, which had mostly died out in his region. 
He stood holding the linens, looking down at them, wondering what had gone wrong with this girl. He flicked his tongue across his teeth, wishing he had a toothbrush. He considered asking for one. 
Zara had stopped in her tracks, noticed he was not following, and turned around. 
“What now?” she asked, seeing him still standing there. “Why don’t you put it on?”
“I . . . I don’t know how.” he said, deflated.
More muttering unintelligibly. She walked back, took the pile from him, and said, “Come on. I will find someone to help you.”
“Ah-ha!” said Emir. “You don’t know how to do it, either!”
She threw her hands up. “I’m not a man!” 
Oh, he thought. Good point.
Then she added, “Maybe you’re not, either.”
“Woah, woah, woah! ” said Emir. “Let’s call a truce. I don’t know what I did to get under your skin, but I want us to be friends. After all, you did come to my rescue. I owe you one.” He flashed his winning smile, deciding to give it another shot.
This time she softened a tiny bit. 
“I don’t need rescued,” she murmured. Then, “Why were you out there, anyway?”
Relieved, feeling like he’d scored a point, Emir answered, “Well, as I was telling your mother, I—” 
“She’s not my mother,” said Zara.
“Wha . . . she’s not . . .  then who is she?”
Zara said nothing. She started walking again, slowly.
Emir sighed and followed her. “Well, anyway, it doesn’t matter. As I was telling Natara, the woman I thought  was your mother, I left Peshawar and made it through the Khyber Pass, but then I had to hide because I didn’t want to take all day getting questioned by border patrol.”
Zara snorted. “So . . . you decided instead to walk three days in the wrong direction.”
Emir flinched. “Okay, that’s just mean.” Her twinkling eye flashed towards him and he realized she was teasing him. “Okay, so anyway . . . I made it through the pass, hid in a mountain, then decided not to follow the road anymore because I didn’t want to be detained. I was on an important mission.”
“Really?” she said teasingly. “A secret important mission?”
“I didn’t say it was secret,” he said, holding up a finger. “But . . . it was,” he amended importantly. Her eye rolled. He went on, “I found out something, and I had to take the message to Kandahar. So, when I got out of the cave, I started walking in the direction I thought was north.” More to himself than to her, he added, “Not really sure how I got that wrong, actually.”
“Oh, you were heading north, all right,” Zara said. “Right towards the Hindu Kush mountain range.”
“Wait . . . the Hindu Killer mountain range?” Emir said, startled.
“That’s the one,” Zara said. “Why were you heading north, anyway, if you wanted to get to Kandahar?”
“Because Kandahar is north,” said Emir dubiously.
Zara slowly shook her head. “No, Kandahar is south. Kunduz is north.”
Emir’s mouth hung open and he stammered. Zara sighed.
“Well, anyway,” she said, “We’ve established you don’t know your way around Afghanistan. Tell me what happened next.”
“Well, I got lost in the desert,” Emir stated simply, shrugging his shoulders. “I managed to evade capture, then wandered around, camping at night under my makeshift tent, rationing my supplies, then was rudely awakened by some bandits who beat me up and stole my shoes and my belongings. That’s pretty much it. I just wandered around aimlessly until I found you. Good thing I did, too, or I would’ve died out there. So, thank you. Again.”
They stood still a moment, looking at each other, Emir searching Zara’s eye, trying to read her expression. Her dark lashes fluttered and he thought her face might’ve flushed. He felt a swelling of pride, or gratitude, or . . . something. Before he could determine just what it was, Zara turned and opened the tent they had just come from, where Jabar was sitting cross-legged on a bed. 
“He needs help,” she said shortly, thrust the linens at Jabar, then retreated into the shadows and resumed her favorite posture, arms folded across her chest.





Chapter 11
Zara took her place at the fire, seated back from everyone else, and watched as Emir slowly filled his plate with food, looking at everything like it was a squid from outer space or something. She’d never seen someone who didn’t know how to eat food. It was amusing. His plate finally full, he turned and looked around awkwardly. Then, seeing Zara, his face lit up and he began walking towards her. She rolled her eyes and sighed, folding her arms. 
“Mind if I sit here?” he asked. 
“You’re a free man. Sit wherever you want.”
He shrugged, then took his place beside her. For the past few days, he’d followed her around everywhere like a puppy dog. She didn’t know if she’d ever get rid of him. He was looking healthier, clean and well-fed, and his sunburn had faded, leaving his olive skin nicely tanned.
He was persistent, if nothing else. Zara had to give him that. Sure, he was a little clueless when it came to geography, survival skills, customs, traditions, food, clothes, and . . . well, pretty much everything so far. Zara snickered to herself as she thought of his face as he had watched her jousting with Jabar earlier. 
“What?” he asked good-naturedly. 
Realizing he’d heard her snicker, Zara stopped herself. “Nothing.”
“Okay,” he said, shrugging. He tried to eat his food, but the filling started falling out onto his plate. 
Zara smirked, silently this time, watching from the corner of her eye.
“So,” said Emir, “I’ve been thinking.”
“Greaaaat,” Zara groaned.
“Hey, now,” scolded Emir, “Be nice. I’ve been thinking . . . I could sure use a companion on my way to Kandahar. Someone to show me the way, so I don’t get lost again. A guide of sorts. I was thinking this should be someone who can fight, in case I get accosted by bandits again. Maybe someone with a horse, so we can take turns riding. And someone who’s used to the desert, who has good survival skills and knows about . . . turbans and . . . stuff. What do you think?”
“I think that’s a good idea,” said Zara. “I’ll go see if Jabar has plans.”
No response. Then, “Actually,” he drawled, “I had someone else in mind.”
“Sorry. Natara’s out of the question. The clan depends on her for food.”
Silence again. Then, “Speaking of which, you have not eaten since I’ve been here. Don’t you need food, too?”
Zara hesitated. “I just don’t like eating in . . . certain company. I eat when you’re not around.” She thought for a moment, then added, “So, no. I have not eaten since you arrived.”
Emir raised his hands in mock defensiveness. “Oh, I see. Very well, then, I’ll leave you alone.” He made a show of getting up to leave. Zara grunted like she didn’t care. He sat back down and heaved a sigh.
This girl had walls up like nothing he’d ever seen. What could he do to get her to let her guard down? If she wouldn’t even eat with him there, surely she wasn’t going to follow him on a suicide mission into the desert. Suddenly a thought occurred to him. He thought it was probably a bad idea, but then again, drastic times call for drastic measures.
“Natara!” he called. He’d grown comfortable around the old woman over the past few days and knew she would be on his side in this. “This is wonderful food! What do you call it?”
“The bread is tawa bread,” she said, looking over her shoulder. “The filling is called mansaf.”
“Is it traditional?” he asked. 
“I combine the traditions of my people with the traditions of these people,” she answered sagely. 
“It’s delicious,” Emir said. “It’s a shame Zaharina won’t eat it.”
Natara turned herself around. She regarded Zara with a scolding look. “Zara, my love, I am offended. You need to eat. You will waste away to nothing.”
Zara frowned at Emir, who grinned mischievously. “Fine,” she conceded, shooting daggers at Emir. She stood up, mumbling something like, “eat when I want to eat,” but it was not in her nature to go against Natara’s wishes.
When she returned with her plate of food, she gave Emir a long, hard look, making him wonder if maybe this was a worse idea than he’d thought. Then, she pushed back her hijab and lowered her niqab for the first time since he’d been there. The firelight flickered off her black hair, creating a bluish glint, her blue eye full of its own fire, sparkling, and . . . her full lips . . . 
This was the first time he’d seen Zara’s full face. Well, most of it anyway. The effect was . . . stunning.
Emir realized she wasn’t eating. In fact, she was staring at him rather angrily. He realized his mouth was hanging open and wondered what she must have thought he was thinking. 
“I’m sorry,” he said. “It’s just that . . . well, you’re . . .”
Beautiful, he thought. But, seeing the look on her face, he figured it best to hold his tongue.
“I’m sorry,” he said again, then shut his mouth and stared straight ahead.
The night stretched on in silence, at least for the two of them. He could feel her still seething and sensed . . . what was it? . . . embarrassment? Shame? He had the distinct impression this was what she was feeling, but for the life of him he could not figure out what she had to be embarrassed about or ashamed of. 
When both had finished eating, Zara stood up rigidly and Emir followed suit. He offered to take her plate, but she insisted on doing it herself. She began walking back towards her tent and he followed her, gently touching her elbow. “Zara.”
He froze. “Don’t call me that,” she warned through clenched teeth. “You do not know me well enough to be so familiar.”
“Okay, I’m sorry” Emir said, taken aback. “I didn’t know. Zaharina, then. I did not mean to offend you. Not now, not ever. I was looking at you back there because I . . . because I’d never seen   . . .”
“Never seen what? A freak?” Zara fumed. 
Emir staggered back like he’d just been punched. Was this seriously what she thought?
“No,” he sputtered. “Why would—? Not at all! I was looking at you because . . . because I thought you were pretty,” he said, sheepishly.
“Yeah, right,” Zara said, unsure but less defensively now. 
Capitalizing on his gain, he said, “I was going to say I’d never seen anyone so . . . so beautiful.” His cheeks flushed. “There. I said it. Are you happy now?” 
She searched his face, then her cheeks flushed, as well. She dipped her lashes, making his pulse race faster. What was this girl? Some kind of witch? She seemed to be casting some kind of spell on him that made his insides melt and made him act goofy and forget how to speak.
The corners of her mouth turned up, just a bit, as she read his features. Her anger seemed to be mollified. He could sense that she believed him, and she actually seemed pleased with him for perhaps the first time ever. His chest swelled. 
Then, Zara’s head cocked to one side as she looked from his face to his chest, which was at her eye level. He could have sworn her eyes began to glow with their own faint light, but it had to have been light reflecting off something else. The fire was behind him now. That must have been it. Slowly, she reached out and placed her hand on his chest, right over his heart. It pounded and his breath got caught in his throat. He swallowed.
“What?” he asked, his voice cracking. He cleared his throat. She pulled her hand back and shook her head, looking puzzled. 
“Nothing,” she murmured. Then she turned and walked away, leaving Emir standing in the dark. 
***
Emir awoke before the sun the next morning, used to rising early, and tossed and turned until he heard movement outside. Zara’s face kept reappearing in his mind, no matter how hard he tried to think of something else. Anything else. Not that he didn’t want to think of her face. He just had more pressing matters to attend to. He had to get to Kandahar, but after his near-death experience he wasn’t sure he was ready to traverse the desert alone again. What had he been thinking, anyway? He had no survival skills. He’d lived a sheltered life, watching Disney movies at home, playing basketball, baking and selling bread in a little corner store. He’d never really been anywhere but home, school, and work. He had book smarts, sure, but even those he was beginning to question. Confusing Kunduz and Kandahar? Please. How would he ever survive out there without someone to help him? He simply had to convince Zaharina to come with him. He could deliver the message, then bring her back. He’d solve the problem of how to get home later.
He got up and put on the fresh set of clothes Jabar had graciously given him. Jabar had been a godsend since he’d been there, allowing him to stay in his tent, giving him clothes, shoes, and pointers with Zara. When they had been alone, he’d given Emir a little bit of background and insight into what had made her the way she was. It felt like a slight violation, but it wasn’t like she was giving him anything. She was a closed book. He had to find out how to crack that hard shell somehow. After all, all’s fair in love and war. Or so he’d heard. The problem was, he hadn’t yet figured out which category this fell under.
By the time he’d gone out, more people were milling about. He said good morning to several of them, but most of them just looked at him, so he gave up and went to the fire to wait. As usual, Natara sat tending it and cooking something in a pot, the table already spread with other foods. This woman was amazing. He had told her about his father’s bakery. She’d humored him and acted impressed, but he thought that was highly unlikely considering what she did around here. She was a one-woman show.
“Good morning, Natara,” he said cheerily, tentatively looking around to see if Zaharina was out there yet.
“She is not up yet, if you are wondering,” said Natara, glancing at him knowingly, one side of her mouth curled upwards. 
Emir wondered if she and Zara had talked about him last night. He felt heat rising into his cheeks again. Darn those cheeks!
“No,” he said. “I wasn’t. I mean . . . I was, but . . .” he covered his mouth with a fist and coughed. “Do you know when she’ll be up? I need to talk to her about something.”
Natara looked towards her tent. “I imagine she will be a few minutes,” she said, poking the fire. “She did not get much sleep last night.”
“Oh,” he said. “I’m sorry. I mean, not that it’s my fault or anything . . .”
She smiled. “Oh, I think it is entirely your fault.”
Emir’s cheeks filled with heat again, but this time he didn’t mind. No one was looking at him at the moment, and he was getting used to it, anyway. He’d been right. This had to be witchcraft.
Emir grabbed a piece of the buttery bread from the table and sat down, savoring it slowly. Warm bread made him feel at home. He thought of his family and wondered if they were worried about him at all. He’d left a note, telling them he had something to do and would be back in a few days. Hindsight told him that he probably should’ve invented a better alibi, but what? His mind was blank. Oh, well. What’s done is done, he thought. Let them invent their own ideas of where I’ve gone. I told them I’d be okay and gave them no cause for alarm. Still, his gut wrenched when he thought of his mother’s worried face, and Jinani . . . 
He gulped. Suddenly the bread was hard to swallow. He stared at his feet, reminding himself that, whatever pain and suffering his temporary disappearance caused his loved ones, he’d done this—was doing this—for them. He had to finish this.
He must’ve been deep in thought, because he did not notice footsteps approaching and planting themselves in front of him. He looked up stupidly to see Zaharina looking down at him, a smile playing at the corners of her mouth. His heart did a jolt. He could actually see her mouth!
He made to stand, but she took the seat next to him. Before he could stammer a greeting, she said, “So. About this big mission of yours. You will probably need to tell me more about this important message—” she made air quotes with her hands “—you need to deliver. We will need a camel, clothing, medical supplies, food, money—” 
It took his brain a few moments to catch up. “Woah, woah, woah . . . wait a minute . . . did you just say we?”
She looked at him blankly. “Well, yeah. You asked for my help, didn’t you?”
“I did? I mean . . . I DID! Yes! I did! I just didn’t know you had accepted.”
“Okay, well, then, as I was saying, we’ll need to plan and prepare. I’ll ask Jabar to scrounge up some donations. We have some supplies, but we don’t have much money and we’ll need portable food and water. Camels can survive a long time without water, but humans cannot.” She looked at him deprecatingly. 
“I know that,” he said, cocking his head and raising an eyebrow. “I’m not really that dumb, ya know.”
Zara’s eye twinkled, her cheeks twitching. “Just making sure,” she said. “Now, I figure from here Kandahar is about twelve days on foot.” She paused, seeing the look of horror on Emir’s face. “What? Where did you think you were?”
His mouth snapped shut as he considered this. “Near Kabul?”
Zara laughed. Actually laughed. He should make a career out of comedy. The sound was so pleasant to his ears, he was proud for a moment that he sucked at geography.
“You really don’t know a thing, do you?” Zara said disbelievingly. Emir smiled smugly. Zara shook her head. “Kabul is in another direction entirely. You were headed north, remember? Into the Hindu Killer mountains. It took you three days to go eight miles into Afghanistan. Now, we are close to what used to be Asadabad. We need to head south. Towards Kandahar. Twelve days.” She paused. “What are you doing?” she asked incredulously.
Emir realized he must have a goofy look on his face. He’d propped his chin on his fist, his elbow resting on his knee, and he was staring at her, grinning foolishly. “What? Me? Nothing! I just like watching you explain things, that’s all!” 
Zaharina bit her lip, fighting back a smile, and he could see the heat rising into her face. It was awesome. He grinned. She stood. “I’m planning this by myself,” she said, starting to walk away.
“Oh, come on,” he said, jumping up after her. “I’m sorry, it’s just . . . I like your laugh.” He felt less bashful admitting this than he had the night before when he’d admitted she was beautiful. “You should do it more often.”
“Well, then keep making stupid mistakes and I just might,” she said, clearly flustered. 
Emir grinned. “Done.”
She huffed, exasperated. “Arrrrgh, you’re impossible! Fine,” she said, sitting back down. “What are we doing this for, anyway? What is this top-secret mission that is so important?”
Emir looked around, sitting back down and leaning towards her, suddenly serious. “I don’t want to talk about it here. Where else can we go?”
She paused a moment, looking surprised at the sudden change in his demeanor. “Come on,” she said. She led him into her tent. “No one else comes in here but myself and Natara. Now tell me.”
“Okay,” he said, still speaking in hushed tones. “I overheard a secret government plot and I need to warn the Kandahar government.”
“What?! ” Her visible eye was enormous. “Emir, that is huge!  Did you tell anyone?”
“No, I just left as soon as I found out. I couldn’t risk my family. If they found out . . .” He shuddered. “Well, I don’t know what would happen, but I had to do this on my own. I think . . . I think I’m supposed to. I think this was meant to be my job.” His jaw was set in determination. He searched her face for understanding.
She exhaled. “Okay, well, what are they planning?”
“I don’t know exactly, but I know it has something to do with a discovery that will help them dominate the world. They want to control everything, and they don’t care about the cost. They will force people to fight. My family . . . I have cousins, brothers, a little sister . . .” he shuddered. “I can’t let anything happen to them. They depend on me. I have to—"
He gulped. Zara gripped his arm and looked into his eyes, a new determination on her face, a fire behind her eyes he had not seen before. He felt bolstered. She nodded at him decidedly. 
“Then we must do this. Together. I will help you. We prepare today. Tomorrow, we leave.”
Emir nodded gratefully, forcing down the lump that had formed in his throat. “Thank you,” he said, but Zara shook her head adamantly.
“We must do what we must.” 





Chapter 12
The day passed in a whirlwind of activity. Luckily, Zara’s whole life had been spent traveling around with the clan. She had a list in her head of what they would need, and kept going over it, mentally checking off things they still needed and what they already had. She’d known Jabar would come through. She’d told him where she was going, and was thankful he didn’t ask any questions about the nature of their business, just, “What do you need?” There was no one around who didn’t owe him a debt, so he was able to swiftly procure a camel, money, supplies, and extra clothing for Emir. For food, they had dried fruits, dried meats, and tawa bread. They would be able to follow the stream at the base of the mountain for most of the journey, and they had their canteens and purification tablets. Soaps, ointments, linens, bandages, and everything else she could think of that they might need, all the while being careful not to overpack. 
Zara had asked Natara to keep Emir occupied so she could think clearly, as he had a tendency to follow her around. Still, to her annoyance, she kept getting distracted, thinking of the way Emir would glance up and blow his hair away when it fell into his face . . . the way he’d been watching her that morning with those glazed-over eyes and that goofy grin . . . how flustered he’d gotten when he’d called her beautiful . . . and that thing with his chest . . . 
Finally, all preparation was done and it was time for dinner. She arrived at the fire to see Emir sitting there next to Natara, happily peeling potatoes and chatting as Natara sat and listened. Her heart did a weird leap in her chest. She halted. 
Emir looked up, his face brightening even more when he saw her. “Zaharina! I helped make dinner!”
Natara looked up and her smile said, ‘Isn’t that cute?’, as if Emir were a five-year-old.
Zara rolled her eyes at Natara and gave Emir a grudging smile. “I hope it’s edible,” she teased.
“Of course!” Emir grinned. “I know how to cook! Well, I know how to bake. But really Natara made it. All I did was peel potatoes all day.”
Zara chuckled to herself. She took a seat beside them both. 
“Everything is packed. We should be able to head out in the morning, as planned.”
She was prepared for a relaxing meal, but instead a familiar deep voice shouted behind her, “There you are, freak!” She groaned. Hazeem. He’d been gone for days, presumably at the Hub, so she hadn’t been forced to deal with him since their last chilling interaction, the morning he’d threatened her, the morning Emir had arrived. Couldn’t he have stayed away just one more night?
She stood slowly, frigidly, and turned to face him. “I am not . . . a freak,” she said venomously. 
Surprise crossed his face at the sight of her without her niqab. 
“You betray this clan, bringing a stranger here,” he accused angrily. 
“I have betrayed no one. We are all wanderers. This man needed my help.”
“And have you forgotten, you live here at my mercy? You and this old woman? Nothing here is yours to share. You abuse my generosity!”
“Nothing here is mine?” she said, her voice rising. “What about the horse that was given to me? My clothes? Do you claim those, as well? Natara and I have earned what we have! What about this eyepatch?” She ripped it off without thinking. “I suppose it is yours, since I got it because of YOU!”
She knew she should keep control of herself, but her anger had risen out of control, her eyes beginning to glow brightly. She was through being bullied by this coward, this man who had made her feel unworthy, ugly and useless, this vile man who had abused her and Natara since she’d been a child, who robbed, pillaged and plundered, who caused good men like Jabar to do his bidding so he could get rich off their spoils of war. 
By this time, everyone within earshot stood perfectly still, watching. Natara had risen and stood behind Zara, as had Emir, shock frozen on his face. 
Hazeem visibly shook with rage. “I told you to watch your back, girl,” he growled, stepping closer. “I meant what I said.” 
“I’m not scared of you,” Zara said, standing her ground.
“I can take back everything you’ve stolen from me.”
“I’ve stolen nothing, but I’d sure like to see you try.”
The standoff was tense, every breath held, waiting to see who would make a move first.
Suddenly, Hazeem pulled out his sword. 
“NO!” Emir shouted, recovering from his shock and stepping between them, his arm in front of Zara. In an instant, Hazeem’s sword had ripped through the air, slicing Emir’s forearm. Emir cried out in pain, grabbing his arm and dropping to his knees, as Zara grabbed her dagger and whirled around to shield him from Hazeem. As she did so, her eyes glowed more brightly than ever, a wall of fire erupting in front of her.
“AAAAARRRRRGH!” Hazeem cried, jumping back from the flames. “This is sorcery!”
“Touch him again and you die!” she shouted from behind her fiery barrier. Emir was on his knees in front of her, clutching his arm, a look of shock on his face, Natara hunched over him, her brow creased with worry. Zara couldn’t see Hazeem.
“You will pay for this!” he cried, mounting his horse and riding off into the night.
Zara turned to Emir, squeezing her eyes shut tightly to stop them from glowing. She replaced her eyepatch, then dared to open her eyes again. Emir looked up at her from the ground, his face pale, still stunned. Her heart squirmed painfully in her chest. 
Suddenly, her eyes were stinging. She looked away. The fire still blazed, and Zara realized it had formed a ring around the three of them. The rest of the crowd still stood there, staring. She could barely hear their murmurs and whispers over the crackle of the fire.
Suddenly, she heard a familiar voice and a wave of relief washed over her. Jabar yelled at someone on the other side of the fire to get some water, and in a few moments most of it had been doused. 
Jabar rushed over to Zara. “Are you okay?” Concern was etched all over his face.
“I’m fine,” she murmured. “Help him.” She pointed to Emir.
Emir looked like he might faint. Gently, Jabar lifted Emir’s fingers, which were wrapped around his arm in a vice grip, and assessed the damage. Emir winced. Zara’s stomach lurched.
Jabar grimaced. “That has to hurt, but it’s not too deep. I can get it fixed up in no time.”
He helped Emir to his feet. Emir looked at Zara. “I didn’t know you could do that,” he muttered as he walked past.
“Neither did I,” she said through gritted teeth. She felt a mix of guilt, pity, and regret. Guilt because had she not started the whole thing, he wouldn’t have been injured; pity because it looked painful; and regret because he had seen her . . . what was it? A gift? A curse? Whatever it was, she was sure he would never be able to look at her in the same way after this. Also, she knew there would be backlash, and they probably should be leaving earlier than they’d planned to.
Natara placed her arm around Zara and walked her back to the tent, waving away some gawkers. “The drama is over. There is nothing more to see.” 
When they got to the tent, Zara sat down heavily on her bed. She had not even realized she was shaking. She took a deep breath and Natara placed a blanket around her shoulders to help calm her. “Shhhh,” she said, brushing Zara’s hair off her forehead. “It will be all right. I will bring you and Emir some food.”
“I’m not hungry,” Zara said, wiping away a tear that had escaped down her cheek. She took slow, ragged breaths.
“Maybe not, but you need to eat. You have a big day tomorrow.” Natara spoke soothingly, gently. Zara’s chest swelled with love and gratitude. This woman had done so much for her, had always been there for her, always had her back. As Natara turned away, Zara clutched her hand between her own. “Thank you, ma’am,” she said. 
Natara’s eyes crinkled. She bent down and kissed Zara’s forehead. “No thanks required, my love.” Then she turned to leave.
In a few minutes, she returned to the tent with a steaming plate of food, then went back out to tend the fire. Zara was thankful to eat in privacy, away from the stares and the murmurs and the whispers. If they had not been afraid of her before, they certainly would be now. She didn’t know how she’d done it, created the fire. All she knew was that, in that moment of intense anger, the fire that had filled her soul had manifested itself outside her body, protecting her and her friends. 
About an hour later, Emir walked in, still looking a little pale and woozy, his left arm bandaged. 
Zara winced in sympathy. “How’s your arm?”
“Meh,” he said. “Not too bad. Jabar knew what to do. May I?” He nodded to the bed next to her.
“Sure,” she said. He sat beside her. They both started speaking at the same time.
“You go first,” he said. 
“No, you go first.”
“No, please, I insist. Ladies first.”
Her lashes dipped. “Okay. Thank you. For stepping in.” Then she added as an afterthought, “Even though you shouldn’t have done it.”
“What? But he was—”
“I know. But I had it handled.” 
“Clearly,” he said. Then, he whistled. “Where did that come from?” He sounded impressed, rather than appalled. “I mean, I knew you were cool, but . . .”
Zara couldn’t help it. She laughed. The release felt good. Emir returned the laugh, holding her gaze. What was happening inside of her? She felt . . . warmth, but without fire.
“Doesn’t it bother you?” she asked once their laughter subsided.
“Does what bother me?” He screwed up his face in mock confusion. “Oh, you mean the fire thing? Nah, I always thought you were hot.”
“Stop it!” she said, punching him on his non-injured arm. “I mean, really? Weren’t you surprised at all? Or scared?”
He considered a moment, that serious, thoughtful look overtaking his features, his thick eyebrows knit together, his soft brown eyes searching for the answer. “Not really,” he said, slowly. “My parents taught us the truth. That powered individuals do exist. That they are not all bad. Only the ones who choose to use their powers, or gifts, or whatever you call them, for evil instead of good, those are the ones you need to watch out for. People like you . . . those who choose to use what they have for good, as you did tonight . . . people like that . . . they are just hot.” His mischievous smile returned.
Zara shoved him. “Oh, get out!”
Natara walked back in the tent as the two sat laughing. She smiled. “I am glad to see that you two are having fun. Unfortunately, it is time to get some sleep. I would talk to Zara for a few minutes alone, if you do not mind.”
Emir nodded, his deep eyes still twinkling. “I will see you in the morning,” he said to Zara. Then, turning to Natara, he held out his hand. She took it and he kissed the back of hers. “My lady,” he said, but as he did so he turned an intense gaze on Zara. Her heart started pounding uncontrollably and she looked down at her lap as he turned to go.
Natara sat down beside her where Emir had been sitting. Zara was afraid she’d be able to hear her heart pounding inside her chest, trying to break free. 
“He is a fine young man,” Natara said. 
An uncomfortable second passed and Zara said instinctively, “He is inept, ma’am, and foolish.”
Natara chuckled. “Perhaps. But perhaps not. Perhaps he is just out of his element. Either way, he fancies you. That much is clear. He stepped into harm’s way for you tonight.”
Zara looked down, focused hard on controlling her breathing and getting her pulse to settle down. It was no use. She looked at Natara, whose eyes told her she had already betrayed her own emotions.
“You do deserve happiness, Zaharina. Remember that.” Then, taking a deep breath, Natara reached inside her dress and pulled out a talisman. “I need you to take this, and keep it safe.”
“What is it?” Zara asked. A beautiful blue stone gleamed on the chain, casting blue light around the room. She touched it and it began to glow brighter, as if it had its own fire within. Like Zara. Like Zara’s eyes.
“It is the talisman your mother gave to me as she lay dying,” she said. “She told me to keep you safe, and to keep this safe, and to keep this with you always. I do not know what its importance is, but she also told me that you were a chosen one. That you would one day become the Light . . . to both worlds.” Her eyes took on a far-off look, as if she were remembering every detail of that night. “She said that one day you would need to find the others . . . restore peace . . . and end the war.” She looked back at Zara resolutely. “I have kept my promise. I did not want to give this to you until you were ready. You were too young, your burdens great. I did not want to add to them.” 
Zara looked at her questioningly. “But what does it mean?” Zara asked. “The Light? To both worlds? What war? What others am I supposed to find?”
Natara shook her head, her brow knit. “I do not know. I did not get to ask her before she died.”
Zara placed the talisman around her neck. She had never given much thought to her mother before. She had been with Natara her entire life. Now, she began to wonder for the first time if there had been more to her mother than what Natara had told her. She’d always spoken of her with fondness. Apparently, they’d been the closest friends, and she’d been well-off. She had taken Natara in when she’d been destitute and given her work as her handmaiden. When her pregnancy was nearly full-term, Zara’s father had mysteriously disappeared, and her mother had insisted on leaving home at once and taken off across the desert in search of her estranged kinfolk. Now, for perhaps the first time ever, Zara wondered if there was more to the story that Natara either didn’t know or just hadn’t told her. If she had, indeed, been from some other world, at least that could explain Zara’s glowing eyes . . . and the fire thing that had just happened.
“Natara,” she said, “where was my mother from?”
“I do not know,” she said. “She was well-educated and wise beyond her years. She spoke of her home and family with love, when she did speak of them at all, but she always seemed to change the subject. I did not want to pry.” She stroked Zara’s face. “I have loved you as my own. Now, you are all grown up.” Her eyes brimmed with tears.
Zara placed her arm around Natara’s shoulders. “And I have loved you as my own mother.” She kissed her cheek.
The old woman smiled, brushing away a tear. “Your mother loved you. I have tried my best to take good care of you, but I fear—”
“No buts, ma’am. No buts. You’ve done the best anyone could do in this world. I have known struggles, yes. I’ve known harshness from others. But I have known love from you, and that is all I ever wanted or needed. You’re the best ma’am I ever could have asked for.” With this she hugged her, hard. They embraced for several moments, then, wiping her tear-stained cheeks, Natara patted Zara’s leg and stood. “You must get some rest. The morning comes too swiftly.”
***
Hours later, Zara’s sleep was interrupted by the sounds of distant commotion in the camp. Men were shouting, horses neighing, glass breaking, and . . . was that fire? 
Natara shook Zara urgently. “You must leave. Now.” 
Zara grabbed her eyepatch and put it on.
Emir rushed into the tent. “Are you okay?”
“Yes,” said Zara.
Natara was throwing clothes and blankets at her, shoving her wildly out the back of the tent.
“You must go. Now!  I will cover for you! Go! NOW!”
Jabar was already there with her horse, a bag of supplies slung over its back. “I was worried about this,” he said. “Afraid he would come back. I believe they are looking for you, Zara. Take her, Emir. Get her out of here. The camel will be too slow. There is money in the pouch. Natara and I have you covered. Now go.”
She could hear the commotion getting closer. Knowing there wasn’t much time, she hastily mounted Qat’s back, who whinnied nervously, then pulled Emir up, as well. They sped away. As they did, she could hear angry men’s voices, mingled with a woman’s. She wanted to turn around, to go back and help them, to shout, but Emir placed a hand over her mouth. She struggled against it. 
“Shhhhh,” he soothed. “She’ll be okay. They will both be okay. Make their sacrifice worth it. They want you to be safe. We all want you safe.” His voice was quiet, almost a whisper, but calm and steady. She fought down the panic that had nearly caused her to hyperventilate. She nodded, letting him know she had heard him. He slowly removed his hand from her mouth, trusting her not to scream. Then, he placed both arms around her, squeezing her tightly as she silently wept into his arms, escaping together under a cover of blackness.





Chapter 13
The morning sun gleamed brightly on Peshawar, one of the oldest cities in the world. Parts of it had been destroyed on the Night of Fire, as in most of the world’s cities, but the people of this region were used to rising from the ashes. A determined, persevering people, they had recovered, their city once again becoming a thriving metropolis. Sure, taxes were high, the military presence was suffocating and oppressive, like the heat, and most of the people here may be poor and struggling from day to day, but they were still relatively free, compared to most of the world’s population. They had not yet built a dome. They were not required to wear masks, though many still chose to do so for religious reasons. It was a free economy, and anyone with enough gumption and know-how could own their own business. A person who worked hard here could be successful, which meant having enough food on the table, clothes on their back, and a roof over their head. Anyone could leave the city at any time, at their own risk, of course. And as long as they kept their noses in their own business and tried not to make waves, the government stayed out of their lives and let them be. This was a people who had overcome all odds, who had persevered through generations of war, oppression, tyranny, fire, and hunger. It was for this determination that Liyana had fallen in love with this people and had chosen to build her life here many years ago. It was this same determination that now carried her to the steps of the University of Peshawar, in spite of the fear rising in her chest.
This morning, she’d found a note from her son on the kitchen counter. It read: 

Dear family, 
Please don’t worry about me. I’ve gone to attend to urgent matters and will be back as soon as I can. I have taken some money and supplies. I wish I could tell you where I went, but I can’t. Just know that I’m safe and please forgive me for leaving my duties unfulfilled while I’m gone. I love you all dearly. 
Love, Emir
P.S. Jinani, I’m sorry I won’t be able to walk you and Yasmin to school for a while. Please don’t be mad at me. Your big brother loves you.

Her heart had dropped into her feet when she’d read it. Emir had never gone anywhere away from home for more than a night or two, and he’d never been one to be secretive about anything, especially his whereabouts. He was a duty-bound son who always made sure to let someone know if he would be five minutes late to the bakery or if he would not make it home to see Jinani off to school. This was totally out of character. 
But the thing that worried Liyana most was that she had a sinking suspicion of what this might be about. Deciding to tell her husband later, she wanted to get to the bottom of this first. Then she would find a way to break it to her family. Until then, she would make excuses for Emir . . . tell everyone that he had stayed late at a friend’s house, helping them with something. Or that he had gotten sick and quarantined himself in an empty bedroom. They had a few of those now, since most of the cousins had grown and moved away. 
Heart pounding and hands sweating, Liyana dressed and went through the usual morning routine, seeing her husband off to the bakery, getting dressed for the day, making breakfast, hiding her nervousness from everyone who came through the kitchen, feeding the animals, then finally sending Jinani and Yasmin off to school.
Once they were gone, she began her walk to the University, taking steady, carefully measured steps so as not to betray her turbulent emotions and draw attention to herself. She held her head high and stared straight ahead. Once, she passed a group of soldiers who hooted and cat-called, but she ignored them and kept walking, focused on her goal. When she arrived at the University, she was stopped at the gate.
“I wish to see Professor Yazan Kakar,” she said confidently. 
The guard picked up a receiver and spoke into it, turning away as if his business was top secret. She waited patiently, concentrating on not looking nervous. Presently, he asked for her name.
“Liyana Mahsood,” she said.
After waiting several more minutes, the man put down the receiver and turned back to her. “The professor says he will meet you inside the doors,” he said, pushing a button to open the iron gate.
“Thank you,” she nodded. She walked through the gate, clutching Emir’s folded note to her heart with both hands. Her nervousness grew with each step and she had to repeatedly swallow the fear that kept welling up inside her chest, threatening to choke her. Still, she kept a cool, calm, collected demeanor as she stood inside the front doors, her heart leaping into her throat. The guard inside the doors stared at her suspiciously. She made it a point to meet his eyes and force a smile, to which he returned a nod and noticeably eased up.
Finally, Professor Kakar approached from a long corridor. 
“Hello, Liyana,” he said, his jaw tense but his eyes smiling.
She took his outreached hand. “Yazan.”
He placed a kiss on the back of her hand, then, “Shall we?” He turned and began walking back the way he had come from, leading her down several long corridors and up a flight of stairs, then down another few hallways and, at last, to his office. 
As soon as they were inside, she waited for him to shut the door, then thrust the note at him, nostrils flaring. “Explain this,” she hissed, unable to contain her emotion any longer. 
He unfolded the note, read it, and his brow furrowed. Avoiding her eyes, he sidestepped around her and began pouring a glass of something from a bottle on his desk.
She pounded her hand on the desk next to his glass, making him jump. He put the bottle down, steeling himself to face her.
“I know you know what this means,” she said, her voice full of thunder. “Tell me.”
He stood still for a moment, then let out a long breath, removed his spectacles, rubbed the bridge of his nose, and sighed. Finally, he looked up, meeting her eyes.
“He is doing what he was intended to do.”
Seething, Liyana nearly shouted, “What he was intended to do? And what is that, exactly? Who decided that for him? Did you? I certainly did not. I protected him!”
“Please, keep your voice down,” Professor Kakar pleaded, nervously glancing around the room as if the walls had ears. 
Ignoring him, she went on, “He doesn’t even know who he is!  He has never been away from home! He is not ready . . . for any of this! I have taught him the bare minimum that he needs to know. I have not prepared him for . . . I have let him choose who he wants to . . . have taught him he has a choice! And now you take advantage of his heart and send him out on some suicide mission?!”
A sob escaped and she covered her face in her hands. Dr. Kakar sympathetically placed a hand on her shoulder, which she threw off, though some of the fight had gone out of her. 
“There, there, Liyana,” he said, “I have not sent Emir anywhere. He has chosen his own path. I allowed him to overhear . . . something important. I thought he was ready. He has a strong heart, courage, a desire to fight for what’s right. This is evident. He was simply lacking direction. I gave him that.”
“And what direction is that?” she demanded between sniffs, her red eyes glaring at him accusingly. He offered her a handkerchief, which she grudgingly took.
He tensed, trying to decide how much he should tell her. “When we last spoke, you said you would find a time to tell him more of our past. How much did you tell him?”
She sighed. “Only that which came out naturally. I told him about Rahmi, that she and I were friends, and that she died because of what she knew, but . . .” She trailed off, shrinking guiltily beneath his expectant gaze. “I did not tell him much. I told him that you knew my husband in school, and that—” She took a deep breath and looked at her hands. “That, like you and his father, he needed to choose his own path.”
Dr. Kakar let out a breath he’d been holding, disappointment written all over it. “So. He still knows practically nothing.”
Liyana turned imploring eyes on him, eyes brimming with fresh tears. “I couldn’t tell him,” she said. “He would never believe me, and I couldn’t burden him so. He is so young. So good. Why is the universe so unfair? Why did it have to choose my Emir?” She sobbed into the handkerchief, falling heavily onto a leather couch in front of his desk.
Dr. Kakar sighed deeply, placing himself on the back of the couch beside her, and patted her comfortingly on the back. This time she didn’t shake him off.
“Liyana, you did what any mother would do. You tried to protect him. But you know as well as I do that he could not be kept from his fate forever. He is a chosen one. Surely he is not meant to fail, but to succeed. I have faith that all will be well with him. He needs you to have the same kind of faith in him.”
Wiping her eyes, she looked up at him. “I do have faith in my son, Yazan. He is special. But,” she hesitated, “this is far from the path I would have chosen for my sweet boy.”
She dried her eyes, then drew a ragged breath, steadying herself. “Where has he gone?”
He hesitated. “If I am correct, he has gone to Kandahar.”
“Kanda—” she gasped, her voice trailing off in disbelief. Then, regaining her composure, “And what is my Emir to do in Kandahar?” She clasped her hands together in her lap, bracing herself for the answer.
“Hopefully,” Dr. Kakar said, “save civilization as we know it. And perhaps . . . perhaps begin to save both our worlds.”
***
Liyana arrived home a few hours later, having skipped her shift at the bakery. They could do without her contributions today. She sat down, bowed over the kitchen table, eyes still red and puffy from crying. Her heart ached. Her head throbbed. She reached up and touched the jewel hanging from her headband, feeling its subtle vibration beneath her fingertips. Surely this was a good sign that her son was still alive. It had been his birth which had brought this stone to life to begin with. The thought made her shudder. How could she have allowed herself to doubt for a minute that he could be alive? Of course Emir was alive. He had to be. What had Yazan said? He is not meant to fail, but to succeed. If she’d ever had faith in anything before, she simply had to have faith now. 
She had known, deep in her heart, that this day would come. From the day he was born, when her friend Rahmi had leaned over, handed her the headband with its pulsating jewel, and told her, “This is for you.” She had become not only a mother that day, but the guardian of a chosen one.
She had taken her job seriously. From the time he had first opened his soulful eyes, his gift had been evident, at least to her if not to everyone else. On the outside, he had appeared just a normal, energetic, fun-loving boy. But, on the inside . . . Emir was kind, comforting, loving, protective, caring, thoughtful, empathetic, to more than the normal degree. Perhaps she had failed him by not telling him more, not preparing him better for what he would have to do. 
Liyana wasn’t sure why his time had to come so soon, but she had not been oblivious to the changes in the world, the undercurrents of war stirring, churning, brewing, even here on these very streets. They were, for the most part, closed off from the outside world, but she had heard rumors. She knew it was happening out there, too. Though she’d tried to ignore—no, deny—it, she’d seen the signs, and she’d seen recent changes in Emir, as well. He had openly discussed some of these with her. His heart and mind had grown stronger. Perhaps Yazan had been right. Perhaps he was ready.
She spent the afternoon sitting there, trying to decide what to do. She had no energy for anything else. She could not bear this burden alone. Her heart was not strong enough, her head not clear enough. She needed her family beside her, beside Emir, even if not physically, in mind and spirit. She would have to tell them. Tonight. She prayed to whatever power there was in the universe, Give me strength.
***
That night, after getting Jinani to bed, Liyana laid out the table with mugs of hot chocolate and lugaimat with honey, one of her family’s favorite treats. Her nephew, Aman, was the first to arrive home. He and Yasmin had always felt more like her own children than her niece and nephew, having spent most of their lives on her family’s side of the house, eating their meals in Liyana’s kitchen, she having the luxury to be home more while both of their parents worked full-time. 
“Thank you, Aunt Liyana!” he said cheerfully, popping one of the sticky balls into his mouth and licking off his fingers. “Where’s Emir? Still at the bakery?” This was the standard question he asked every night upon returning from work. As she tried to decide how to answer this time, a confused look took over his face and he started chewing more slowly. He picked up another sweet ball and turned it in his fingers. “What’s the occasion?”
“I would rather discuss that with all of you at once,” said Liyana, sitting down with him and reaching for the lugaimat herself. She dipped a piece in honey.
“Everything okay?” he asked.
“Everything is as it should be,” said Liyana. She hated being cryptic, but she didn’t want to have to explain herself more than once.
Aman shrugged dismissively and kept eating. Danyal was the next to arrive, and was also slightly confused to find dessert waiting, though pleasantly surprised. “Where is our son?” he asked. He was referring to Emir, since Anwar and Ashar would not be home for a while and Emir hadn’t shown up for his shift at the bakery.
“He had . . . business to attend to, and I have business to discuss with you,” she said. “But I would like to wait for Anwar and Ashar.”
“But they’ll be home so late,” he said. “Why don’t you tell me now?” She knew her husband couldn’t stand waiting. He was patient with people, but not with time. Anticipation always got the best of him. 
“If I’m going to tell you, I must send Aman to bed. It would not do to have him find out before the other boys, then be forced to suffer the pressure of keeping it to himself.”
Aman’s face fell and he froze mid-bite. “But—”
“No buts,” said Danyal good-naturedly, a twinkle in his eye. “Off to bed with you now.”
Aman sighed deeply, his shoulders sagging, but he obediently stood and kissed Liyana on the cheek, grabbing a handful of lugaimat before walking out of the room. He stopped when he reached the doorway and turned back around hopefully. “I can keep a secret. Remember—”
“No,” said Liyana and Danyal together.
“Fine,” he grumbled as he headed off to bed. Liyana felt slightly guilty. Aman was not exactly a boy anymore . . . in fact, he was older than Anwar . . . but he still got treated like one, simply because he was so good and sweet and still lived at home while all his siblings had moved away. Well, all except for Yasmin. 
“Now, what was it that you wanted to tell me?” asked Danyal eagerly once he was certain Aman was out of earshot. 
“Don’t get too excited, my love,” said Liyana, laying her hands on top of his on the table. His fingers were still sticky with honey. His smile faltered, but only slightly. She decided it best to proceed hastily and not build up too much suspense. “It is about where I came from.”
“You’ve never told me,” he said, “and I promised I wouldn’t pry. When an angel falls into your lap, you don’t ask where she came from.”
Liyana felt a lump in her throat and her eyes grew misty. Her emotions were definitely close to the surface today. “You never pried, but I should’ve told you. I thought that the less you knew, the safer you would be.” He leaned forward, listening intently, but said nothing. Liyana looked in his face and thought how boyish it looked beneath the laugh lines and wrinkles. She could see all of her children in his face: the kindness of Emir, the determination of Anwar, the impishness of Ashar, the perceptiveness of Jinani. 
“Go on,” he prodded, bringing her back to the task at hand. She had something to relate to him.
“I came here from far away,” she said. “I was not born and raised here in Pakistan.”
“I gathered that,” he said, his eyes shining. “Your accent has always been different.” She felt herself blush. “If you don’t want to tell me, you don’t have to.”
“No, I have waited too long.” She sighed. “Very well. I am an Other.” She paused, letting that sink in. He waited, but she saw his jaw tense almost imperceptibly and knew what was coming. “I came here from—”
“Heaven!” he said. “The stars! Say no more, my love. You came here a miracle, and that you remain. The rest matters not to me.”
“But . . . I need to tell you,” she said, flustered. 
“You’ve kept it a secret this long for a reason.” A cloud passed over his face and his eyes grew serious. “You do not need to tell me now.”
“Emir ran away,” she blurted out. “He left this note.” She pulled Emir’s note out from her handbag on the counter and thrust it at Danyal. His eyes grew wide, then narrowed as he read the note, looking down the bridge of his nose at it. He was too stubborn to wear glasses. When he was done reading, he folded it up and handed it back to her, looking satisfied. 
“It doesn’t sound like he ran away. He is on an errand. It sounds like an important one.” He watched her face, trying to read her expression, waiting for her to say something. When she finally opened her mouth to speak, he held up a finger. “Ah, ah, ah. You mustn’t give up your secrets now. I will find out in time.”
Liyana emitted an exasperated gasp and made to pull her hands away, but he caught them in his strong hands and held them fast. “Danyal Mahsood, you are incorrigible.”
“Perhaps,” he said proudly. “But my angel made me that way.”
“Oh, no, I think you were incorrigible long before I came along.”
He chuckled. “Perhaps, perhaps.” 
They smiled into each other’s eyes for a few moments, then Liyana said, “Danyal?”
“Yes, my angel?”
“Please be prepared. Emir’s destiny is tied to my home, my people. His course was set in the stars before he was even born, and I fear it will be a difficult one for him . . . for all of us.”
Danyal’s eyes crinkled at the corners and he said wisely, “We determine our own destinies. Yes, Emir will do hard things. But not because his course is written in the stars. Because he is Emir. Because he is a Mahsood.”
Liyana’s heart swelled, both with pride and with gratitude. He was right. The stone had chosen Emir because of who he was; it hadn’t made him that way. He was that way because of the man sitting across from her, because of the wonderful young men he shared a room with, because of late-night talks like this at a table full of sweets, with a family who nurtured the goodness within him. No one was forcing him to follow his heart, but he was following it, anyway, because that was who he was. Perhaps it didn’t matter, after all, where he had come from. Perhaps what mattered most was where he chose to go. 
“Thank you, Danyal,” said Liyana. She would let the matter rest, at least for tonight. But in the coming days, she would find small opportunities to prepare them all for the truth and for whatever lie ahead, dropping little tidbits of information here and there, like tiny golden nougats littered along their path. After this conversation, she was sure that her husband had figured out most of it without her realizing. How long had he known? A year? Ten years? Twenty years? Or had he known all along? Had Yazan Kakar revealed more to him than he’d realized? She’d always considered Danyal horrible at keeping secrets, but perhaps he was better at it than she’d thought.
They retired to their beds, leaving the rest of the treats out for two hungry Mahsood boys when they arrived home. They, too, did a hard thing, running their pizzeria, as did Aman, working his landscaping job, as did Jinani and Yasmin, facing the soldiers every day on their way to and from school. None of the Mahsoods were strangers to adversity. 
This thought was comforting, and she held onto it, locking it up in her heart for the days ahead, when all she’d worked so hard for so long to avoid would come to fruition. Then, they would face it head-on, together, because that’s what they did. That was what she had fallen in love with, and why she’d stayed, and why she’d settled down right here with Danyal Mahsood. 
She took a moment, before closing her eyes, to wonder what she’d done to deserve such a wonderful man and a wonderful family, but she didn’t wonder for long. After all, when you fall into an angel’s lap, you don’t ask why he was there. You just thank him for catching you. 






Chapter 14
Pilot Winthrop parked his hover at the base of the foothills outside the domed city of Kandahar. This Hub was one of the largest and most secure in the world. He knew he would need to stay on his toes. Pulling out his wallet, he gave his fake ID a final once-over, then pulled out a slip of paper. He quickly reviewed all the details of his fake life. 

Name: Tom Jones
Profession: Jewelry Vendor
Age: 25
Location of Origin: London, England, United Kingdom
Business: Sell jewelry at market K-4, Trading post 119
Hub Verification Contact: Jacques Pascal, ID# RFF-31982

The list was a page long, but Pilot had learned all he needed to know. The rest he could make up as he went along. Besides, he was sure he could’ve come up with something better than a jewelry vendor. Really?  He made a mental note to find out whose idea it was and return the prank later. Although he thought he already knew.
His stormy blue-gray eyes studied his image in the rearview mirror, determining how to best make himself fit the part. He removed the tie that had been holding back his long brown hair as he flew the hover, shaking it out like a lion’s mane. Then he reached back into his leather bag and rummaged around for a thick gold chain. He hung it around his neck, pulling on the collar of his black crew-neck t-shirt, loosening it up a bit. He dug out a gold watch from the same bag and put it on his wrist. That would have to do. He was already wearing more jewelry than he’d worn in his entire life. He flat-out refused to wear a ring.
Pilot grabbed his leather bag of jewelry, opened the hatch to his hover, and stepped out into the blinding sun. He began walking towards the Hub. He had brushed up on his Arabic that morning, though he was sure he would not need it. English had been recognized as the Universal Language over a century ago. Still, there were those who refused to use it. Always better to be prepared.
This Hub, as enormous as it was, had too many entrances. One for returning residents, one for new immigrants, one for returning government officials, one for visiting government officials, one for military personnel, one for medical personnel, one for visitors and tourists (this one was probably never used), and one for merchants and vendors. Pilot settled for the latter, though he wondered if there was an entrance for thieves and spies on the other side of the dome.
Naturally, his entrance was the busiest one right now. A line of people streamed out of a set of glass doors that stuck out like the entrance to an igloo. A huge desert igloo with too many doors, Pilot thought. How quaint. 
Waiting in line, Pilot saw a man loaded down with animal skins, a man with bags full of shoes, a woman with skeins of dyed wool, a woman with small pouches of what appeared to be spices of some sort, a man with hats . . . Now, that would have been fun. Why couldn’t he have sold hats instead? There were also many businessmen and women wearing suits and carrying briefcases.
Pilot tapped his fingers on his pant leg impatiently. He knew there were detainment cells inside where each of these people was going to have to give their entire life story and wait for their contact to come verify them, and that could take all day. He really didn’t have all day to wait in this line. 
He looked around and caught the eye of the lady behind him in line, who was carrying bags of crocheted items. “Man, this heat is just killing me,” he said loudly. The lady looked at him warily and he made a show of pulling on his shirt collar. “Whew!”
The lady discretely took a step back, holding her goods tighter. Most people were not very trusting of strangers around here. 
He waited a few moments, then made an overly dramatic swooning gesture and fell to the ground, eyes closed.
“Ohhhhh!” the lady behind him cried. She began calling in Arabic for the medics to come help this poor man who had just passed out. Very soon, Pilot was being dragged onto a gurney and wheeled through the doors to a medic station.
Thankfully, he recovered quickly once inside. He was placed in a detainment cell, where he gave his fake answers to the first four questions and handed over his bag of jewelry to be checked through, one piece at a time. He went on a long, boring rant about how he used to stay at his auntie’s house on holidays and how she had taught him all about jewelry, instilling in him a great love for the finer things in life, teaching him to appraise precious metals and jewels, what types she collected, what her favorite periods in jewelry history had been, what pets she’d had, and what her best recipes were. Finally, the man got tired of hearing him talk, handed his bag back and asked for his Hub Verification Contact. 
“Jacques Pascal,” he said, shutting up.
“ID number?” the man asked.
“RFF-31982,” he said without hesitation. He prided himself on his photographic memory. He figured the RFF meant Resident French Foreigner, as he’d seen similar systems before in other Hubs.
“Is he expecting you?” the man asked.
“Yes.” At least, Pilot sure hoped he was. None of his informants had ever steered him wrong before, so he had no real reason to worry. Still, if he wasn’t expecting him, this could take a whole lot longer, and things sure could get complicated. The man began typing something into his computer.
Pilot leaned back, hands behind his head, and propped his feet up on the table, waiting for the man to do whatever it was he was doing. The man looked at him irritably as he picked up a receiver to call someone, presumably Jacques Pascal. Pilot began whistling, looking up at the sky. There was no ceiling, just the glass dome above them. 
Finished with his conversation, the man slammed the receiver down and said huffily in his thick Arabic accent, “Your contact will be here in a few moments, sir. In the meantime, I ask you to please take your feet off my table.”
Pilot’s eyes widened in surprise. “Oh, forgive me! I didn’t realize I was doing that. No harm done! There’s a jolly good chap!” He used his thickest British accent. He didn’t think he’d used it when he’d been talking before, but figured the man was too dumb to notice, anyway. 
The man sat eyeing him with suspicion and annoyance as Pilot grinned cheerily, breathed on his fingernails, and rubbed them on his shirt. He looked at his watch, hoping Jacques Pascal would hurry.
Finally, a middle-aged, sandy-haired man, about average height, with a slight build, glasses, a mustache and a comb-over appeared at the table. Assuming this to be his contact, Pilot stood and shook the man’s hand vigorously, slinging his bag back onto his shoulder. “Jacques Pascal, my old friend, how do you do?” he asked his contact, whom he’d never truthfully laid eyes on before.
“Very well, Mr. Jones. And you?” the man said stiffly in a French accent. Pilot mentally cursed. He could never tell if French accents were real or not. 
“You are done here,” said the man at the desk, handing Pilot a vendor tag and shooing him away like an ugly stray cat.
“Well, thank you kindly, sir. It’s been a pleasure, a real pleasure,” Pilot said to the man, smiling brightly and laying his British accent on thick one last time. He and Jacques turned to go, and the smile left instantly. “Dolt,” he said under his breath. And, just like that, he was in.
***
Pilot followed Jacques through the vendor market, a jumbled, chaotic maze of shoppers and vendors wearing a mix of burkas and hijabs, turbans, western clothing, desert camouflage, and business suits. The air was thick and muggy and scented with what Pilot considered a rather sickening blend of sweets, meats, spices, and sweat. He did not attempt to discuss anything with Jacques, as their voices could barely be heard over the din of noise.
Jacques Pascal, he knew, was just an alias, like Tom Jones. He had no idea what the man’s real name was, where he’d come from, or how he’d come to live here and be involved with this plan. Nor did he really care. This man, his contact, possessed the information and resources he needed to get the job done, and that’s all he needed to know. 
It took several minutes to pass through the market. As they approached the outskirts of the business district, Jacques led Pilot into a men’s restroom in a small alley, where he nodded to indicate the last stall. Pilot entered and found a stack of clothing on the back of the toilet seat. He quickly changed into the white button-up shirt, black suit pants, an . . . ugly tie . . . and slipped the loafers on. Then he rolled up the clothes he’d taken off and stuffed them down into his bag along with the vendor tag, removing the useless jewelry and deciding to leave it there for some lucky person to find. He examined his ready-made government tag with his picture and the name Tom Jones on it, along with a number he hopefully wouldn’t need, but committed to memory just in case. Then he clipped it to his shirt pocket, smoothed down his clothes, and walked out. 
Jacques was standing there, staring straight ahead, hands clasped in front of him. 
“I’m ready,” Pilot said, to which Jacques nodded, turned on his heels, and walked out.
What a stiff, Pilot thought. He much preferred to carry out missions with someone who had a bit more personality. Nevertheless, adrenaline coursed through his veins, his sharp eyes bright and alert as he approached the gate that led into the government sector. 
Everything here was tan: the buildings, the ground, and many of the clothes. The green lawn outside the main government building looked nice, if somewhat out of place. This was a climate-controlled dome with an irrigation system, so farming and landscaping was possible here that wouldn’t have been possible outside of the dome, and Pilot guessed many of the wealthier residents had nicely kept lawns such as the one that lay in front of him beyond the iron fence. Still, most of the ground, at least in the sectors he’d been through, was sand and stone. It appeared most of the buildings here were made of these materials, as well, as if they’d grown up out of the ground. Pilot was glad he did not live here and have to look at all this tan every day.
When they had arrived at the open gate, Jacques swiped his ID tag through the scanner, which buzzed, allowing him to go through the turnstile. A military guard stood watch as Pilot did the same and was also buzzed through. Nice work, Tenshi, he thought. His best friend was the computer mastermind behind the whole operation. She’d made them tags ahead of time, tracked them, and successfully hacked into the system to change both his and Jacques’ status from ‘vendor’ and ‘resident’ to ‘government employee’, uploading entire made-up profiles for each of them. Her skills and timing were impeccable. Not that Pilot had doubted for a second. He’d been working with her long enough to know if she said ‘no problem’, there would be no problems.
Once in the government sector, Jacques led Pilot to a building which appeared to be only one level. Once again, they used their passes to gain entrance. Here, they drew a few sideways glances and one man gave them a questioning look, but Jacques said, “New employee, just showing him around,” to which the man grunted and kept walking. 
When they reached an elevator, Jacques looked from side to side, pushed the down button, and they waited for the doors to open. Once they were in, he hesitated before selecting the basement sublevel. 
“Don’t you know where to go?” Pilot murmured through the side of his mouth. 
“I have not been here before,” Jacques replied in the same manner. 
“What do you mean?” 
“I only got the blueprints this morning.”
“Swellllll,” Pilot breathed. As far as memories went, Pilot only implicitly trusted his own. There was no telling where they would end up if this man could not recall the blueprints correctly, and their time was limited. Still, what choice did he have now? He'd never seen any blueprints at all.
Jacques shot him an irritated glance, then stepped out of the elevator, his hands now clasped behind him as he walked. He looked sure of himself enough. He hesitated before turning down a few hallways, but still kept an air of confidence, which inspired more in Pilot. He was starting to wonder about his guide's competence again when they finally reached a dark room with glass walls at the end of a long corridor. Looking around hastily and seeing no one, Jacques swiped his tag for entrance, which was denied. He froze. 
There was no one coming. “Are you sure this is it?” Pilot asked. 
“Perfectly sure,” said Jacques. He tried swiping his tag again. Again, denied. Jacques gave a little foot stomp and huffed in discouragement, then wiped a bead of sweat from his brow, the first indication that he was indeed human and not robot.
Pilot’s heart pounded, but he wasn’t ready to give up. What had Tenshi always said? When in doubt, count to ten. Wait it out, then try again. He placed a steady hand on Jacques’ arm, then slightly inclined his head, indicating that they should wait. Slowly, he began counting inside his head. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. 
“Try again,” he said. Jacques looked confused but gave the card another swipe. It beeped. A mechanism inside the door clicked. Pilot smirked smugly. Pleased, but looking slightly bewildered, Jacques opened the door. 
In here somewhere was the most important discovery of the last century, or possibly longer. Now, where to find it? Pilot’s heart beat wildly as a light switched on and together they began searching frantically up and down rows of weapons, jewels, trinkets, vials, each marked with a classification number. Not knowing exactly what it was they were looking for, Pilot ripped open boxes and threw open cabinets and drawers, spilling the contents out as he searched for the item they'd come here for. He could hear Jacques doing the same thing the next aisle over. Suddenly, Jacques stopped making a racket and Pilot froze, listening.
“Did you find it?” he asked, startling Jacques out of some kind of trance.
“I . . . I think so,” he stammered. 
Pilot’s eyebrows raised as he spied the small item resting in Jacques’ trembling hands: a cylindrical container of sorts, which appeared to be made out of glass with some kind of metal bands at the ends. It looked . . . ordinary. All that trouble for this? Pilot reached out to take it from Jacques, who stood wide-eyed, palms outstretched, staring at it.
But as Pilot picked it up, he gulped, his eyes widening in wonder. The item thrummed and vibrated, filling his ears with music, voices, whispers. The air inside it swirled, like wisps of smoke trapped inside a jar, white and iridescent. As Pilot stared, he swore he could make out fluid images, scenes that flashed and vanished in an instant, as if past, present, and future were contained within, melding together into one. Time seemed to stand still. His hand felt heavy as he held the object, but his heart felt full, as if he held the power of the universe and could never want for more.
A sudden thought occurred, breaking Pilot out of his trance. What if the power of the universe fell into the wrong hands? Shaking his head to clear it, he plunged the cylinder into his bag, which suddenly felt impossibly heavier than before. With the object out of sight now, the two returned their focus to the task at hand. Pilot didn’t know how much time had passed, but he counted it a good sign that they hadn’t been caught yet.
Before their luck could change, they quickly left the room, heading back towards the elevator. Jacques’s steps faltered when they reached a dead end, but Pilot took the lead, his keen memory coming through. They passed a couple workers deep in conversation, and both inclined their heads in greeting, but no attention was paid to the two burglars. Quickening their pace, they reached the elevator and pushed the button in time to hear distant shouts coming from the direction of the room they’d just left. Then they heard footsteps pounding back towards them through the echoing corridors. The elevator doors opened. Hearts racing, they stepped inside and pushed the button for the ground floor, the doors closing just as they saw angry faces rounding the corner. 
As they ascended, Pilot hastily assessed the situation. He couldn’t be sure if the workers had seen their faces or not, but he knew if they had it was only the briefest glimpse. They hadn’t looked at them at all when they’d passed in the hall. He glanced at Jacques, who had turned ashen. This will not do, he thought. He sticks out like a sore thumb. He prayed Tenshi had hacked into their surveillance system and could delete any footage of them before it could be seen. He’d have to trust that she had; it was the only way his crazy idea would work.
“Play dead,” he murmured beneath his breath.
“I beg your pardon?”  Jacques asked, perplexed.
“Trust me,” he said. “Play dead.”
Jacques shot him one more bemused look, then dropped to the floor, eyes closed. Pilot mussed his own hair, then let it hang in front of his face as he knelt down beside his companion, leaning over him. 
He waited a few seconds after the elevator doors opened. Then he reached over and hit the door hold button. “Help! Someone please help! We were ambushed!” He cried dramatically, drawing quite a crowd of gawkers and do-gooders.
“What happened?” one man said, stepping forward. Without waiting for an answer, the man shouldered Pilot aside and leaned over Jacques. “He has a rapid pulse. And shallow breathing. We must get him out of here. Someone help! Grab his feet!”
Playing the role of distraught friend, Pilot stepped aside and allowed someone else to grab Jacques’ feet while the first man grabbed him beneath the armpits. Together they carried him off the elevator and onto a nearby bench. Just as they did so, the workers from downstairs burst through a set of doors leading to the stairwell. 
“We are looking for two men!” the workers shouted. “They came up the elevator!”
“We saw them!” Pilot sobbed, both hands and a mess of hair covering his face. “They ambushed us! Then they went that way!” 
He pointed out the front doors and away from their escape route, leading their pursuers away on a false trail. He let out another dramatic sob and a woman standing next to him put her arm around him comfortingly. In a few moments, some medics appeared with a gurney. Two gurneys in one mission, he thought. This has to be some record.
As the woman spoke soothingly to him, the medics hoisted Jacques onto the gurney as the crowd dispersed. Pilot followed them into a medic station. There, they looked him over, checked his blood pressure, said it was high, but determined that whatever was wrong with him was not life-threatening and said they'd check back later. “He probably just passed out from the excitement," one of the medics said. Then they left.
“Time to go,” Pilot said as Jacques sat up and opened his eyes. “You really don’t look so well,” he teased, eyes dancing. “You really should get that blood pressure checked out.” Jacques looked at him, annoyed.
The two looked around and, seeing the coast was clear, began walking hurriedly towards the gate. Back through the turnstile, they kept walking as the alarm blared, word of the intrusion apparently having spread. 
“This district is now on lockdown,” a familiar female voice blared through the loudspeakers. Tenshi. Jacques and Pilot did not stop, but increased their pace, finally ducking back inside the same bathroom in which Pilot had changed before. Hurriedly, he changed back into his vendor clothes, switching out his ID tags, and the two wove their way back through the market towards the dome’s exit. Thankfully, the security here was much more relaxed when it came to those leaving the Hub than those entering.
“How much do you like flying?” Pilot asked.
“I like it better than dying,” Jacques quipped. 
Pilot’s lip quirked up. “Good.”
They stepped through the turnstile, into the igloo-style entryway, and out the glass doors into the hot, dry desert air.





Chapter 15
Pilot and Jacques reached the hover in minutes and got inside, Pilot behind the controls. He tossed the bag onto the floor at Jacques’ feet.
“Congrats, mate,” he said, smirking. “We just managed to pull off the biggest heist in history.” He nodded towards the back.
Jacques was wiping his sweaty palms on his pants, trembling. “I . . . am not . . . your mate,” he said, his teeth chattering.
Pilot bristled defensively. “Fine. You’re a prickly one, aren’t you?” His sly smile returned as he adjusted his mirrors. “Personally, I think we made a pretty good team back there, eh?” He winked and elbowed Jacques in the arm. Jacques eyed him in disgust, rubbing his arm.
“We could have died back there,” Jacques said angrily. 
“Yes, but we didn’t. Mind you, I thought maybe you had for a minute. That was some mighty fine acting, I must say! That thing in the elevator.” Pilot clicked his cheek. “Nicely done.”
Instead of looking bolstered by the praise, Jacques seemed to wither beneath it. “Can we just get out of here, please?” he said through clenched teeth, looking more miserable by the second.
“Sure thing,” said Pilot as the hover hummed to life. With that, they shot backwards, Jacques letting out a yelp and grabbing for the bag.
“Calm down there, chap, it’s not like it’s going anywhere,” Pilot told Jacques, who looked petrified and annoyed. “What, did you expect me to go forward? I’d run into the dome! Right, then.” He turned the hover and sped off into the mountains.
They raced between hills, narrowly avoiding trees, rocks, and jagged cliffs. Pilot stayed as close to the ground as possible. He risked a sideways glance at Jacques, who had pulled the bag onto his lap and was clutching it tightly, knuckles white and eyes wide with fear. Pilot felt slightly bad. Slightly. But mostly amused. 
“It’s okay to breathe, you know,” he chided as he skimmed the top of a boulder. “I’ve got this. I promise.” Poor Jacques seemed unable to form words. Pilot sighed. “At least close your eyes so you don’t have a stroke or something,” he muttered. The idea seemed not to have occurred to Jacques before. He squeezed his eyes shut, tight. Pilot sighed. Several minutes later, he pulled into a small clearing and killed the engine. Jacques released his death grip on the bag, but kept his eyes shut. 
“Look. We made it,” Pilot said. “Told you.”
Jacques opened one eye, then the other, then took in his surroundings and looked around, bewildered. “Where are we?”
“Relax. You didn’t think we’d be going all the way back to base in this thing, did you? Nah, this stays here.” He patted the dashboard. “I hate to leave her, but . . . I have a contact who will come out here and get her in a day or two. Now, we,” he gestured between the two of them, “are riding back in Vivian.” He pointed to a spot in the clearing that appeared empty. Jacques stared at it incredulously, Pilot watching him smugly. He recognized the moment Jacques saw it, his eyes growing wide with wonder as he noticed the spot where the air seemed to shimmer and waver. “Vivian . . . is my baby,” he said. “Camouflage,” he added proudly. “Reflective coating. Ingenious, isn’t she?” 
He opened the hatch and Jacques stumbled out, still stiff from nerves and clinging tightly to the bag. Pilot climbed out after him and reclosed the hatch. He patted the side of the hover. “Good girl.” He took in a deep breath of mountain air, exhaled slowly, and looked around happily. “That was almost too easy,” he said, to which Jacques shot him a look of utter disbelief, which he ignored. “Well, shall we?”
The two approached the nearly invisible aircraft, Pilot pushing a button on a key fob he’d pulled from a hover compartment. A hole in the sky seemed to open, from which Pilot reached up and pulled down a rope ladder. “Meet Vivian,” he said proudly. Then, misreading the horrified look on Jacques’ face, he said, “The really expensive ones have ramps. She’s not the latest model, but funds are pretty tight, you know?” 
Jacques gulped and stepped up the ladder. Pilot followed, pulling the ladder back up and closing the door. 
Once they were seated, Pilot started up the engine, checking his controls, and removed the vendor tag he realized he was still wearing, throwing it into a compartment and replacing it with an ID tag that said Agent Pilot Winthrop, Special Ops, United Freedom Coalition, Eurasia Hotan Division. Noticing Jacques watching him, Pilot winked at him. “Pilot Winthrop at your service. Pleased to make your acquaintance. And you are?”
Jacques looked straight ahead, fidgeting with the bag. “I prefer to use Jacques Pascal.” 
Pilot stiffened. “Of course.” Then, as the craft ascended above the trees, he let out a slow breath. “It’s going to be a long five hours.”
***
Pilot and Jacques flew in silence until Pilot finally turned on his speakers and began blasting Jimmy Hendrix. He was of the opinion that no good music had been made since the late twentieth century. Jacques looked like he might speak a few times, whether to criticize Pilot’s taste in music or his flying techniques, Pilot couldn’t be sure. He kept turning up the music every time he sensed Jacques about to open his mouth. Finally, Jacques either gave up or relaxed enough to lean back, and contented himself with looking out the window. 
They flew over mountains for most of the journey. About halfway through, the sky turned dark and it was impossible to see the ground below. Pilot figured Jacques would close his eyes and sleep, saving him from the constant possibility of having to talk, but he never did. Instead, to Pilot’s annoyance, he just sat there clutching the bag and staring into the darkness.
Finally, Pilot began to see the familiar lights of the city of Hotan spreading out below them. The base was not much farther. Just a few more moments of this awkwardness left to bear. 
Pilot reached for the stereo and turned it off. “Almost there,” he said. 
Jacques released a deep sigh, as if he’d been holding his breath the entire time. “Good,” he said. Then, to Pilot’s surprise, Jacques turned to him and said, “I want to thank you.” His jaw was clenched, as if it pained him to say this.
Pilot raised an eyebrow. He shrugged and shifted uncomfortably. “All in a day’s work.”
“No,” said Jacques. “You got us out of there, and I was rude.     So . . . I’m sorry. And thank you.”
Pilot wasn’t sure how to respond, so he said nothing for a while. Then, “So, is it real?”
“Is what real?” Jacques asked, puzzled.
“Your accent. Are you really French?”
“That is classified.” Jacques tensed, then clammed up again and resumed staring into the void.
Pilot sighed. “Okay,” he said. “No problem.” Spotting the landing dock, he pushed a button on his control panel and said, “Captain Pilot Winthrop, coming home.” 
The dock opened and he lowered his craft into the hangar, landing gently and shutting off the engine. When the dock had closed again, he opened the door and climbed out, followed by a relieved-looking Jacques. They were greeted by an intake crew, looking anxious and excited, who rushed them like a wake of vultures, taking the bag from Jacques and scanning it with an x-ray gun, scanning them both from head to toe, then climbing inside the craft to check it, too, until they were sure they hadn’t been tracked or brought back any explosives. Frankly, Pilot thought this was overkill, but it was protocol, so he tolerated it. 
Tenshi appeared in the doorway barefoot, in ripped jeans and a black top with cut-off sleeves, hand on one hip and head cocked to the side in amusement. “Glad you made it back in one piece,” she said. 
“So am I,” said Pilot. “Thanks to you. Nice bit of work back there.”
Pilot watched as Tenshi and Jacques locked eyes, a silent understanding passing between them. They nodded to each other, then Jacques met Pilot’s eyes and looked away. 
“What’s with the stiff?” Pilot asked Tenshi as the two of them left the room. 
“That stiff, as you call him, is one of our most valuable assets,” she said haughtily.
Pilot snorted. “Right. You mean because of his adorable French accent? Or because he nearly gave us away back there when he started having a panic attack?”
Tenshi smirked, as if she were part of an inside joke and Pilot was on the outside. “You don’t always know everything, you know.”
“I think I know more than that buffoon.”
“That buffoon can speak twelve languages,” she said smugly.
“I speak sixteen—”
“And six computer languages,” she finished.
His mouth snapped shut. “I fly planes,” he said. 
“And what makes you think he can’t?”
“Can he?” 
“Maybe. You don’t know. That’s the point.”
By this time, the two had walked the length of the hallway to the debriefing room. Tenshi planted her feet outside the door, facing him.
“Pilot,” she said. “The man has PTSD. He has been through a lot. You don’t even know the half of it. He moved to Kandahar two years ago to help find that thing before they did. If it had not been for his hard work and intelligence, we never would have found it. He risked and sacrificed a lot for this mission. It was personal for him.”
“Is he really French?” Pilot asked, as if this were the important question.
Tenshi stared at him, dumbfounded. “What does that matter?”
“It doesn’t,” he shrugged. “But he won’t tell me. In fact, he won’t even tell me his real name. Are we really sure he can be trusted?” He narrowed his eyes in suspicion.
Instead of answering, Tenshi narrowed her eyes back at him and patted his cheek, rubbing her hand over his dark stubble. “You need a shave,” she said, then turned and walked away, flipping her black hair behind her. “Have fun with your debriefing!”
***
When Pilot was through with his debriefing, he grabbed a sandwich in the breakroom, receiving pats on the back and congratulations for his completed mission. Most wanted the juicy details. Not being in the mood for storytelling, he responded with, “Not much to tell,” and, “Pretty uneventful mission, really.” Some looked disappointed, but Pilot figured they could read the report later. Once finished, he walked towards Tenshi’s lab. Reaching the open door, he could hear voices inside. One was Tenshi’s; the other he recognized, but it was . . . different. 
“—impossible to work with!” Jacques’ voice complained, but in a new accent. It sounded Hispanic. Venezuelan, perhaps? A-ha! So it was fake! “He doesn’t take anything seriously!” Jacques went on.
“I understand, Andres,” Tenshi consoled, “but Pilot is one of the best we have. Had I doubted him for a second, he wouldn’t have been chosen. I know he seems a little rough around the edges, but once you get to know him, he’s—”
Pilot stepped around the corner. “He’s what? Incredibly handsome? A genius?” He froze in shock as Jacques—Andres—whirled around to face him, a look of horror on his face. But it wasn’t the expression of horror that stopped him. The man’s moustache, glasses, and comb-over were gone, as well as the nervous demeanor, the middle-aged man having been replaced with a much younger man in his mid-twenties. 
Tenshi smirked. “Pilot, meet Andres.”
Andres stood stiffly, smoothed down his clothes, nodded at Pilot, who was standing there confuddled, and attempted to leave. 
“Wait,” Pilot said. “That’s . . . impressive.” He raised his eyebrows. “So, all of that was an act? Even the nervous breakdown stuff?”
Andres pulled his shoulders back and tightened his stance. 
“Pilot—” Tenshi began, but he waved her off.
“No,” said Pilot. “I mean it. You had me fooled, mate! Well done.”
“I am not your mate,” Andres said through clenched teeth.
“Yes, yes, I know, but . . . all that shaking and swooning and stuff back there. Nicely done!” 
The two stood looking at each other for a tense moment. Tenshi excused herself awkwardly and left the room. 
“Look,” said Pilot. “What I mean to say is, I think we got off on the wrong foot. That whole show back there . . . all part of the mission. I had it under control the whole time! So, no hard feelings, eh?” He extended his hand, but Andres just looked at it.
Finally, he spoke. “How much do you know?”
Pilot faltered. “I beg your pardon?”
“About the mission. How much do you know?”
Taking Pilot’s confused look for an answer, Andres sighed. “I was a small boy. My family was harboring powered individuals, good people who had come here seeking refuge, attempting to hide the life force of their planet from those who would use its power for evil. We were helping them. I was young. I didn’t know or understand much. The evil ones, the Loyalists, caught up with them. My family was . . . murdered . . . protecting our friends . . . while I hid in the basement. I stayed hidden for three days. When I was found, it was by members of the UFC. They had followed the Loyalists, found the destruction that was my home. They took me back to their headquarters in Venezuela. There, I learned as much as I could, prepared as well as I could, dedicated my life to the purpose of this very mission, to find and retrieve the object that my parents gave their lives protecting. And so, I thank you for your help in completing this mission. Have a good day, Captain Pilot Winthrop.”
And, with that, he turned and left Pilot standing alone, gaping into thin air.





Chapter 16
The mid-day sun scorched as Qat sauntered along, Zaharina on his back. Emir walked beside them, his hand resting on her foot. They had been traveling for days, the immediate threat of danger far behind them, the ever-present threats of hunger, thirst, fatigue, and heat exhaustion looming before them. 
“We should stop to rest,” said Emir, a look of worry creasing his brow. 
Zaharina tensed. She had seen this look often over the past few days. Once her sobbing had subsided and she’d recovered from the initial shock, she had shut down emotionally. It was the only way she knew how to deal with the pain, the fear. She must have something else to focus on, so she’d adopted Emir’s mission as her own. She must keep going. She must not stop and look back. 
She knew his concern was for her, but she said, “If you need to rest, we can stop. Or we can switch places and I can walk for a while.”
Emir shook his head. “No, I’m fine,” he said. “I’m worried about you. And Qat probably needs to rest,” he added, knowing this would be the winning argument.
Zara sighed. “You are right. We should stop.” Her poor horse had carried the two of them for miles when they had first fled the camp, but since then he’d carried mostly Zara, as Emir kept insisting he walk and she ride. 
Her heart quivered as she realized just how exhausted Emir must be, how his poor arm must ache where he’d been injured, though he hadn’t yet murmured a single word of complaint. She would see him periodically wince or rub it with his other hand, but most of the time he’d kept his hand on her foot in a silent show of support. 
And then there had been that other thing: his chest thing. Zara had thought maybe she had imagined it, but there was definitely a faint glow coming from his chest, right where his heart was. She’d only noticed it a few times at camp, but since they had fled it was always there, and Emir seemed completely unaware of it. Zara was sure that he didn’t know. 
“Woah,” she said, patting the side of Qat’s head as they pulled up under a tree beside the stream. “Good boy.” She alighted, pushed back her hijab, and knelt down beside the stream, Emir squatting next to her after removing the saddle and supply bags from Qat’s back.
“Are you okay?” he ventured tentatively, unwrapping his arm and dipping it into the water. 
Zara squirmed beneath his gaze. “Better than you,” she said. “How is your arm?”
“That is not what I meant,” he said, their eyes meeting. His heartglow, as she had come to think of it, intensified. 
Zara looked down, cupping her hands for water to splash on her face and neck. She had not bothered with her niqab since they’d left. “Hopeful,” she said, avoiding the topic to which she knew he was referring. “I believe there is a village close by, a day or so downstream. Our rations should last until then. There, we will be able to replenish our supplies.”
She kept her face down the whole time, carefully avoiding his revealing gaze. When she looked up, her face flushed. He tenderly reached over and removed a stray lock of hair from her face. 
“You know what I mean,” he said, gently. 
Zara’s chest swelled and she felt a sudden wave of tears welling up inside, the first in days. How did he do this? She’d stayed mostly silent for days, avoiding conversation, avoiding tears, avoiding feelings . . . avoiding Emir. Now, with one comment, one look, one touch, he had single-handedly knocked down her walls and opened the floodgates. She brushed at her eyes with the back of her hand. “I’m fine,” she blubbered defensively.
Without a word, he was there, his non-injured arm around her shoulders, holding her, comforting her as she lost control. Everything she’d been so carefully holding back spilled out into the river below.
She didn’t know how much time had passed, but when she finally regained control of herself, she realized she’d somehow become completely entwined in Emir’s arms, his chest warm against her face, his shirt sopping wet with her tears. She didn’t move right away, soaking in the comfort of his warmth, his deep breaths, his steady heartbeat, his quiet shushing sounds, his gentle strokes on her hair, her shoulders, her back. 
Finally, she pushed away and sat up, wiping the tears from her face. She realized for the first time that her eyepatch was gone, but didn’t care nearly as much as she thought she should have. When she turned to face him, she was surprised to see that his eyes were red from crying, his cheeks also stained with tears. It had not occurred to her that he might have been sad, too. Or perhaps he’d just been absorbing her own sorrow. Either way, Zara felt something new rising up within her: compassion. She reached over and tenderly rubbed his cheek with her thumb.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
Emir placed his hand on top of hers, cupping it to his cheek before she could pull away. He gently shook his head. “No,” he whispered. He pulled her hand down to his lap, clasping it between his own, and began gently rubbing her fingers with his thumb, his brow furrowed thoughtfully. 
Zara did not pull away. After what could have been several minutes, she spoke. “My mother died in childbirth. I was only a baby when we came to live with them, Natara and I. She was the only . . .” she steadied her ragged breath, steeling herself to continue, “. . . the only thing I had. Jabar took me under his wing. He was . . . my brother.”
“He is a good man,” Emir said, studying Zara’s face. “And Natara is the best of women. Like my mother,” he added, looking down at their hands. “We have to keep having faith that they’ll all be okay.” Then he looked up at her, eyes full of hope and determination. A slight smile played at his lips. 
Zara looked away. He released her hand, but instead of pulling away, she leaned back against him. Releasing a deep sigh, he readjusted himself, wrapping both arms around her, and buried his face in her hair. 
***
When she woke up, the sun was sinking lower onto the horizon. They must have fallen asleep for several hours. Even Qat lay tuckered out in the shade of a nearby tree, having quenched his thirst from the stream and eaten his fill of grass. 
Zara sat up and stretched, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. She suddenly remembered her eyepatch was missing and wondered where it was. She wasn’t sure if she or Emir had removed it, but he hadn’t reacted squeamishly. She turned to see his face, brow still furrowed even as he slept. Her face softened as she considered whether he was dreaming worried dreams about her, her people, or his own family back home. She decided not to wake him or Qat, figuring that they would not be able to get much farther today as the sun was setting quickly, and they could all use a decent night’s rest.
Her stomach growled. She stood, treading as lightly as possible so as not to wake anyone, and removed a pouch of dried meat from the supply pack. She chewed a piece as she sat on a large rock, looking across the stream to the purple outline of the mountains beyond, the setting sun casting an orange glow on everything else. Her gaze followed the stream, tracing it back towards camp. She allowed herself to hope that the attackers had left when they’d realized she wasn’t there. Like Emir had said, she had to believe Natara and Jabar were okay, that they had somehow escaped without harm. She shuddered. She turned, tracing the stream in the other direction, towards their destination. She hoped she’d been right, that they would find the village she remembered. She thought of what Emir had told her, about the secret plot he had discovered. She dared to hope they would be in time to warn someone before it was too late. She heard a shuffling behind her and turned.
Emir had sat up. He stretched and scratched his head. His chest didn’t glow in his sleep, she noticed, which meant it had to be somehow tied to consciousness. 
“What?” he asked, yawning. 
“Nothing,” she said. 
He stood up and joined her by the stream. He nodded to Qat. “Poor guy,” he said. 
He sat down beside her and she held the pouch of meat out to him. He held up a hand. “No, thanks,” he said. “Not hungry.” Even as he said it Zara heard his stomach rumble. She knew he had not eaten much since they’d left. Their rations were thin, but she thought there should still be enough for both of them.
“Are you sure?” she said, raising an eyebrow. 
“Yes,” he said. Then, changing the subject, “So, how did you name your horse?”
“My horse?” she asked, wondering if she’d heard correctly.
“Yeah,” he said. “Your horse. Why did you name him Cat? Do you like cats or something?”
She smothered a laugh. “His name isn’t Cat, as in meow. His name is Qat, as in Qatgani, his breed.”
Emir grinned. “Oh,” he said. “Well, why not give him a name, then?”
“Qat is his name,” Zara said slowly.
“No, that’s his breed. You just said so. Why not give him a name that’s only his?”
“I don’t know,” said Zara thoughtfully. “I just don’t want to try to redefine him, I guess. He cannot talk, so he cannot tell me what he wishes to be called. I honor him by showing him that I see him and recognize who he truly is. I call him by the name of his breed: Qatgani.”
“I see,” said Emir, watching her intently as she spoke. He shrugged. “That makes sense. I have two goats at home. Dib and Dubb. We also have a dog named Sinjab.”
“Hold on,” Zara said, holding back a smile. “You have two goats you named ‘Bear’ and ‘Wolf’, and a dog you named ‘Squirrel’? And you ask me why I do not name my horse?”
Emir tilted his head, considering this, then grinned sheepishly. “I guess I did,” he said. They both laughed.
“You should do that more often,” he said.
“What?” Zara asked.
“Laugh.” His eyes twinkled. His heart glowed more brightly.
“What are you doing?” Zara asked, looking at his chest.
Emir looked down, perplexed. “What do you mean what am I doing? Sitting here? Talking to you? Breathing?”
“No,” said Zara, shaking her head adamantly. “Your chest. It . . . it glows.” She reached out to touch it.
Emir grabbed her fingers and placed a swift kiss on them before she could pull them back. “I’m pretty sure that’s just your eyes,” he said. She’d been right. He didn’t have a clue.
“No,” Zara said, flustered. “You glow. Your chest glows. My eyes . . . are they glowing right now?”
“Always,” he said flirtatiously. 
Her face flushed. “I’m serious,” but she couldn’t help smiling. 
“As am I,” he said mischievously. She huffed.
“No! Emir, my whole life I’ve been . . . different. Even before I got these.” She gestured to her scars. “I never knew why my eyes glowed, but I thought I was the only one. Then you came along, and . . . your chest glows! Not all the time, but I’ve never seen anyone else who could do that before, and . . . and you don’t even know that you’re doing it! I know, it sounds crazy. I sound crazy! But I need to know why it’s happening, and I need to know why I seem to be the only one who can see it.” 
Emir grew serious, sensing her frustration. He looked down, shook his head, and stepped closer to her. “I don’t think you’re crazy, but I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about.”
They locked eyes for a moment, neither of them sure what to say. Then a SNAP! broke the silence. They turned to see a man in a turban standing there, sword raised.
“Both of you freeze and no one will get hurt.”






Chapter 17
Zara and Emir raised their hands into the air slowly. Emir glanced at Zara, whose eyes had taken on a sudden glint, as if she were already calculating her next move. 
“Don’t try anything,” the man warned, a slight tremor in his voice. Nerves. Emir sensed this was the man’s first attempt at robbing someone. If that was what this man was doing.
The sword shook in the man’s hand. “Give me all your money.” Yep. Definitely a robbery. Next to Emir, Zaharina began to take a step sideways, slowly.
“I’m just getting your money,” she said deliberately. She gestured to the supply bags. The man’s eyes nervously followed her every move. 
“Nice and slow,” he said. Turning her back to the man, she knelt down and hovered over the bags. Then, in one swift motion, she pulled out her dagger, whirled around, and the sword went flying out of the man’s hand. Before Emir had time to be impressed, she was behind the man, holding the dagger to his throat, directing Emir to pick up the sword. He did so, and was thankful Jabar had shown him the proper way to hold one so he didn’t look as incompetent as he felt. 
“Hand me a rope,” Zaharina said. Pulling one out of the bag, he handed it to her and she promptly tied the man’s hands together behind his back. Then, backing him up to the tree, she pushed him down and used the excess rope to tie him to the tree. The whole thing took a matter of seconds. The poor man looked frightened to death, and Emir almost felt sorry for him, but was too awed to really give it much thought.
“Wow,” he said. Zara shot him a withering look, but he couldn’t wipe the googly-eyed look off his face. He knew he looked ridiculous, but . . . WOW!  He thought he saw Zaharina almost smile, but she was all business.
“Who are you?” she demanded of the man. His eyes looked like they might pop out of his head. Emir wondered vaguely which one of them looked goofier. 
“I . . . I’m sorry,” the man sputtered, nearly hyperventilating. “My people . . . my village . . . we were ambushed! I didn’t know what to do! Please . . . have mercy!” He began sobbing. Emir resisted the urge to pat the man’s shoulder.
Zara did not falter. “What do you mean, you were ambushed? Tell me!” She dangerously waved her dagger in front of the man’s face.
The man let out an unintelligible howl, like some kind of wounded animal. “All right, all right!” he whimpered, trying to pull further away from the dagger. Emir placed a settling hand on Zara’s shoulder. He felt her loosen up a bit, pulling the dagger back a fraction of an inch.
“I am from the next village,” the man said. “A few nights ago, we were ambushed in our beds. My people—” he howled again. “My family! They are d-d-d-DEAD!” The man began sobbing, hanging his head, not caring where the dagger was. Emir and Zara exchanged glances. 
“He is telling the truth,” she said, looking at Emir’s eyes, then down at his chest. She sheathed her dagger. Emir nodded. He sensed it, too. 
They waited for the man to stop sobbing and calm down, then Zara asked him, “Why did you try to rob us?”
“I had no food. No supplies. I was starving. I got away, but . . . I’ve been traveling for days. I was desperate. I am sorry.”
Emir sensed the man’s anguish. He believed him. Though Zara had said she believed him, she still looked suspicious. “Why money?” she asked.
“Pardon?” 
“Why money? Of all the things you could have tried to get from us, why did you want money? You cannot eat money. Your village was the nearest one, you said yourself, yet you said it was destroyed. What good would money have done you?”
“The nearest village, yes,” the man said. “Not the nearest settlement. I passed a settlement earlier today, but I didn’t approach them. I hid from them. I didn’t know what kind of people they were, so I thought if I came back with money, maybe they would give me food and lodging.”
“You approached us boldly, had no qualms about robbing us, yet you hid like a coward when you passed their camp?” Zara asked. Emir thought her wording was a little harsh, but she did have a point. 
“There were only two of you,” the man said. “I could not take on a whole camp by myself.” The man had a good point, too. Something was still holding Zara back from believing him, though. Emir watched her as she studied him. 
“The people you say attacked you,” she said. “Who were they?”
“I don’t know,” the man visibly shuddered, “but they were terrible.” His eyes glazed over as he spoke, as if reliving it all. “They came upon us in the nighttime. They were powerful. They . . . they could control things with their minds.” He shuddered again, sending goosebumps down Emir’s spine. “One used his power to choke a man. One threw a woman into the fire. One—” He gulped.
“That’s enough,” said Emir, cutting in. “You don’t have to tell us everything. How did you get away?”
The man’s eyes shifted to Emir slowly, as if he’d just realized Emir had spoken. “I . . . I don’t know. I couldn’t save them. I just ran. I . . . I don’t think they followed me.” He looked around, suddenly fearful that someone might be watching them from the shadows. It was almost completely dark.
Emir tightened his grip on Zara’s shoulder and she looked up at him. He could see the same worry and fear in her eyes that now began to grip his heart.
“The settlement,” he said, “the one you passed. Did it seem peaceful?”
“It looked like normal people,” the man said. “Women, children . . . I saw nothing like the men who attacked my people. Still, I was . . . a coward, as you said,” nodding to Zara, who looked a little sorry for her previous comment. “I was frightened.”
“I understand,” said Emir. He squeezed Zara’s shoulder. There was nothing in the man’s demeanor to indicate that any of this was lies. 
“You can stay with us,” said Zara. “We have money and food. Tomorrow, you will take us to this camp. But,” she warned, her tone chilling, “if you try anything, I will kill you.” 
The man gulped and nodded. 
Zara looked at Emir. “We will have to take shifts tonight. Make sure this man can be trusted. I’ll take first watch.” 
Emir could sense Zara still didn’t completely trust the man, but she checked him for weapons, cut the ropes from his hands, and handed him a piece of dried meat, never removing her gaze from him for a second. Emir sat down beside her, then laid down on his side, ready to oblige her and try to force himself to rest so he could take second watch, but sure he wouldn’t be able to sleep a wink. 
“Goodnight,” he said. She grunted, still watching the man. 
“You’re awesome,” he said, closing his eyes. He swore her grunt was different this time, hinting at the possibility of a smile. 
He cracked an eye open. Though she sat watching the man, he could see her looking at him out of the corner of her eye, her mouth quirked up ever so slightly. He smiled to himself, then slowly drifted off to sleep.





Chapter 18
The next day dawned much too early. Zara awoke to the sound of the man’s heavy snores, to see Emir faithfully keeping his post. In fact, she wondered if he’d moved at all since she fell asleep. He was sitting in the same position she’d last seen him, sword across his lap, staring at the man, deep in thought.
“Good morning,” she said, sitting up. 
Emir startled. “Good morning,” he said, a grin spreading across his face. How could anyone be so cheerful after sitting awake half the night watching a strange man snore? She couldn’t help but return his smile. “Sleep well?” he asked.
“Not bad, all things considered. We should start out soon, before the sun gets too hot.”
“Fine by me. Should we wake him?”
Zara shook her head. “Not yet. There’s something about him I can’t put my finger on.”
Emir looked thoughtful. “I felt like his grief was real.”
“Yes,” said Zara, her gaze flashing briefly down to Emir’s chest, then back up to his eyes. “But his story. Something doesn’t seem right.”
She stood up and walked over to the supply bag, pulling out a pouch full of dates. She returned to sit beside Emir, holding out the bag. He started to resist, but she said, “I insist. You’ve hardly eaten for days. You must keep up your strength.”
Sighing, he gave in. “If you insist.” He reached into the pouch.
“Besides,” said Zara, “if what the stranger says is true, we will reach the settlement today and there we can replenish our supplies. I am sure they will be hospitable. Jabar gave us enough money.”
“What about those raiders?” Emir asked, clearly worried.
“They did not sound like typical raiders to me,” said Zara. “I have heard tales of people who used to be able to exercise that kind of power.”
“Me, too,” said Emir. “They were called Others.”
“Yes, but they haven’t been heard of in these parts for many years.” She hesitated, feeling the constant vibration of the talisman beneath her shirt, recalling Natara’s words the night she’d given it to her. “Natara . . . she said I must find the others. I don’t know what she meant, but she told me the night before she . . . before we left . . .”
“Yes?” said Emir, coaxing her back to the present.
“Forgive me. She told me that the night my mother died, she said that someday I would need to find the others. That I would become a light, restore peace, and end the war.” She felt her cheeks flush and dipped her lashes.
Emir was silent for a few beats. Then, “What war?”
“I don’t know.” 
More seconds of silence, then Emir said bluntly, “Well, I doubt she meant for you to go looking for others who murder people and destroy villages.” 
For some reason, this made Zara feel much better. She smiled. 
“Perhaps she meant other people who are beautiful and smart and strong.” Emir flashed a crooked grin that made her insides do a somersault. Her face grew hot. He looked pleased with himself.
“Perhaps,” she said, ignoring his comment and mentally willing the fire in her cheeks to die out, “she meant others like this.” She glanced at the sleeping man, still snoring, and pulled the talisman out from under her shirt. 
Emir’s eyes took on a strange look. First surprise, then recognition, then confusion flashed across his face. 
“What is it?” Zara asked.
“It’s just . . . my mother has a similar stone.” He thought for a moment, then grinned bashfully. “I always imagined it was alive . . . the way it seemed to dance and sparkle when it caught the light.”
Zara hesitated, then held it out to him. “Feel this.”
His eyebrow raised questioningly, then he reached out and took it, his eyes widening as he felt its pulse. 
“Do you feel it?” Zara asked eagerly. 
“Yes, but . . .” He shook his head. “Nevermind. I mean, I don’t know. My mother’s . . . she never lets anyone touch it. I don’t know if hers feels like this or not.”
“Can you see it?” Zara asked hopefully.
“What do you mean?” he said.
“Can you see it glowing?”
This time he looked momentarily worried, but grinned and said, “No, that’s just you again.” 
“Oh, stop it,” she said, pleased and disappointed at the same time. Why could she see things glowing? Was there a glow inside her eyes now, too, instead of just outside? But, if so, why was it only certain things that appeared to glow? Emir’s chest, this rock. It didn’t make sense.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
She shook her head. “Nothing.” He placed the talisman back in her palm just as the man stirred. She hastily hung it back around her neck and shoved it down beneath her clothes. “We should get ready to go.” Then she remembered to ask, “You have not seen my eyepatch, have you?”
His face perceptibly fell. “Why?” he asked. “You don’t need it.”
“Trust me, I do. Especially if we are going to a settlement.”
Emir looked severely disappointed, but he reached into a pocket and pulled out her eyepatch. “Here,” he said, then mumbled, “it fell off,” as he stood and turned away. She bit her lip against a smile as she put it on, unable to explain why it pleased her so much to see his dismay. Still, she did not want to scare anyone to death right away. She didn’t think that would help their case much. And she was sure of one thing: her eyepatch had not just fallen off.
***
They had traveled for hours when they reached the settlement. During this time, Emir had found out the man’s name was Basir, and that the family he’d referred to was his clan, never having married and having no children. His story added up, yet Zara could not shake the sneaking suspicion that he wasn’t being completely truthful with them. Emir, so trusting in nature, did not seem to doubt him at all. 
They found the settlement to be a peaceful nomadic clan, just as the man had said. Most of them were unable to speak English, and Zara was thankful to have learned the regional dialects to be able to communicate with them. Poor Emir was out of his element, giving up trying to understand, smiling and nodding good-naturedly, and sticking close to Zara’s elbow while she attempted to make deals. Basir hung back timidly, drawing suspicious looks and murmurs from some of the clan members. 
After a while, Zara successfully negotiated for a freshly cooked meal for all three of them, fresh bandages and ointment for Emir’s arm, fresh breads, cheeses, more dried meats, and fresh nuts and dates for the journey, more rope, more water purification tablets, and an assortment of other supplies that they would have had to begin with had they been able to bring the camel. If only they had a camel. Zara feared that these freshly filled supply bags would be too heavy for Qat, especially if he was being ridden. She would just have to go on foot.
After they had eaten, a few clan members offered them lodging for the night, which they graciously declined. They must be on their way, they said. They could not afford any more delays. One man seemed interested to know why they were in a hurry. Zara did not want to tell him much, especially in front of Basir. She told him they had an important message to deliver that could not wait.
“This way,” the man said in English. Emir’s eyes lit up at the first words he could understand all day. Zara felt guilty for not trying harder to include him in her conversations, but she’d been trying to negotiate quickly. The man led them to the back of the camp, where they stopped short. Her mouth hung open. She looked at Emir, who had amazement written all over his face. A car. They had a car.
They were about halfway to Kandahar, on foot, which could mean another week or so. She’d lost track of the days, her grief having clouded her usual judgement. But Zara knew a car could get them to Kandahar in just a day or two. 
Seeing the eagerness in her eyes, the man began to chatter with Zara eagerly in Dari. Yes, he could get them to Kandahar the next day. No, he did not want their money. But, if they would buy him more fuel and a new dress for his wife and daughter while they were there, he would take them for free. Deal! 
Zara filled Emir in, who looked ecstatic. They would leave Qat there with the man’s family. Upon hearing their plan, Basir begged to come along. He did not want to be left with these people he was so completely and unreasonably afraid of. Zara and Emir agreed, not wanting to burden the people with him any more than he wanted to be left behind.
Zara hated parting with Qat. She stroked him on the muzzle and he whinnied reassuringly, as if he understood and was okay with it. “I’ll be back as soon as I can. I promise,” she said, a lump in her throat. She was touched to see Emir sneak him a sugar cube before they left. He had grown fond of Qat’s companionship, though he still wasn’t overly fond of riding him.
The man, Fadil, seemed overly joyed to be driving them into town, like he’d just been waiting for a reason to use the car. They rode all day and night, stopping only to eat, stretch, and switch drivers. Emir and Fadil were the only ones who knew how to drive, so they took turns sleeping and driving. 
Twenty-five hours later, Fadil drove them into view of the giant dome in the distance. Zara’s breath caught in her throat, as she’d never actually seen a domed city before. Emir, who had been cheerful and chatty the whole trip, making small talk with Fadil once he realized he spoke a bit of English, became increasingly quieter and more withdrawn the closer they got. Zara placed her hand on Emir’s knee to offer support. He immediately reached down, intertwined his fingers with hers, and looked at her gratefully. 
Thank you, he mouthed.
Zara looked at him meaningfully, trying to convey that it would be okay. They would do this together. She didn’t know how, but they would get inside, and they would warn the government, and they would stop a war, and they would find Natara and Jabar, and Emir would get home to his family in one piece, having made the world a safer place for all of them. Slowly, the car came to a stop. Together, hand in hand, they stepped out and began walking towards the giant domed Hub of Kandahar.





Chapter 19
Tenshi hummed to herself as she walked barefoot down the long hall to the research lab. She never wore shoes if she could help it. They were too restricting. Besides, she lived here. She was literally at home here. Most of her team members treated this like a job, and came to work attired accordingly. Not Tenshi. She wore whatever she wanted, which usually consisted of a couple nose rings, feather or angel wing earrings, ripped jeans, and some sort of sleeveless top. Today’s was a navy blue, pink, and purple tie-dye.
Tenshi greeted everyone by name as she walked by, receiving bright smiles, fist bumps, and high fives. Spirits had been high around here since Pilot and Andres had come back from their mission with what had been termed ‘the Xbox’ because no one could figure out what it was. She was dying to see what made this object so special. This was a mission that had come down from main headquarters, so it must be important. A huge success for her team.
Halfway to the lab, she was joined by Pilot. 
“How’d your little chat with Andres go?” she smirked.
He didn’t answer. “Have you seen it yet?” 
“Nope. That’s why I’m headed this way. Hey, Charly,” she said to a pretty brunette who passed them. Pilot saluted.
“Hey, Tenshi. Pilot. Congrats!” the girl said, returning the salute cheerfully.
“You’re a hero,” Tenshi teased.
“Yup,” said Pilot, lips tight.
“What’s eating at you?” 
“Nothing.”
“For a spy, you’re a really bad liar.”
Sigh. “All right. What is that thing?” he asked. “When I held it, it felt . . . weird. Like I never wanted to put it down.”
“That’s why they’re studying it,” said Tenshi casually. “So they can figure it out.”
“What I mean is, we brought it back here to keep it out of the wrong hands. But what if the wrong hands are here?”
Tenshi looked at him curiously. “Why the sudden interest? You don’t usually take things so seriously.” She added the last part teasingly, referring to his conversation with Andres Fernandez, but his jaw tensed. “What, no comeback?”
“What if it’s true?” he asked.
“What? That you don’t take things seriously?  Oh, I know you better than anyone and I guarantee you . . . it’s true.” She smirked.
Pilot’s brow creased. 
“Oh, come on, now.” She nudged him with her elbow. “Don’t let Andres get to you. He was just uptight. He doesn’t get you yet. He’ll warm up to you, just like everyone else. Just like I did. You’ll see!”
“That’s not it,” he said, exasperated. “I don’t care a whit if he likes me or not. But . . . what he told me . . . well, he was right. I’m a boob, and I compromised the mission.” 
“He said you were a boob?” she asked skeptically. 
“Well, no, not exactly, but he was thinking it. I mean, I know he didn’t like having to play dead, but I did what I had to do in that moment. That was a stroke of genius, really. But . . . after we left, after we ditched the hover, I showed him my tag. I broke protocol. What if he hadn’t been who I thought. We get into a skirmish, I overpower him but he somehow manages to get away, and now he knows exactly who I am and who I work for.”
“You’re assuming you could overpower him.” 
He looked at her like, Really?
Tenshi rolled her eyes. “Do you think I would have sent you into a mission with someone without carefully vetting him first?” 
“Well, of course not, but that’s not the point, is it? The point is I’d never seen him before. What if he was . . .” he waved his hand in the air, searching for the right words, “an imposter spy? For all I knew the mission could have been sabotaged and he could have been using me to get the . . . thing!”
Tenshi wasn’t sure she’d ever seen Pilot so flustered. She cocked a brow at him. “He really got to you, didn’t he?”
Pilot sighed and ran his hand through his long hair. Tenshi reached up and placed her hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry,” she said. “Everything’s gonna be okay.” Locking eyes with him, she nodded reassuringly, then walked into the research lab. Pilot huffed and followed her.
“So, where’s the Xbox?” she asked, rubbing her hands together excitedly. At the back of the room, a few scientists stood hunching over something as if they were in an old-fashioned football huddle. They wore gloves and face shields and all seemed afraid to touch the object in front of them. As she approached them, they stepped back and she noticed looks of apprehension and fear on their faces.
The object lay on the table, a small cylinder about the size of an old soda can. Tenshi reached in to pick it up and all the scientists shouted, “NO!” Too late. As soon as she touched it, a jolt went through Tenshi’s body. The world went black. 
No . . . not entirely black. She was surrounded by stars. She was somewhere else. Somewhere in space. She heard voices. At first, they were muffled, but as she listened they slowly came into focus. She recognized one of them. Her father’s.
The stars spun and suddenly she was facing him, staring into her father’s face. Not her, exactly. A stone. She was tied to it somehow. As if she were inside of it, seeing through its eyes, but it did not have eyes. It was just a stone. A living stone. These were its memories. 
Her father spoke, his tone grave. “Freedom,” he said, closing his eyes as if sensing the stone’s soul. “The one chosen by this stone will possess a love of liberty, a desire to fight against oppression in all its forms, to bring about the freedom of all peoples.” He opened his eyes, which gleamed brightly, and suddenly Tenshi was inside him, seeing through them, beholding the stone, which sparkled with its own life. 
She gasped. The vision broke and she realized she was still in the research lab, holding the object, her feet hovering several inches above the ground. Everyone was staring at her, bewildered, except for Pilot, who stood with a concerned eyebrow raised. She met his eyes in silent communication. Suddenly the object was heavy . . . her body was heavy . . . she crashed to the ground, dropping the object to the floor. A couple scientists scrambled to pick it up, hastily placing it back on the table as if afraid it would explode. They all took several steps back from her. 
Pilot’s hand reached down to help her to her feet. “Stand back, all of you. Get back to work. Don’t you have anything better to do than stand there gawking?” 
The scientists shook off their surprise and attempted to look like they were making themselves busy, but she could hear them murmuring. She felt shaken and embarrassed, both highly unusual emotions for her. 
“What happened?” Pilot murmured in her ear as he helped her to a chair. 
She shook her head, glancing around. “Not here. Later.”
Suddenly, someone came bursting through the door. “An urgent message for you, Tenshi.”
Grateful for the distraction, Tenshi took a deep breath to steady her nerves. She felt slightly, inexplicably winded. She went to rise, but hesitated as a wave of dizziness swept over her. 
“You okay?” Pilot asked, eyebrow raised.
“Yeah,” said Tenshi, recovering enough to begin walking towards the door. Then, pointing a thumb at Pilot, she told the messenger, “He’s coming with me,” as if daring them to try to stop him.
Whatever it was, Tenshi was in no mood to receive an urgent message alone. The vision kept replaying in her mind, her father’s face, his voice, his words echoing in her ears. But that wasn’t what bothered her the most. That stone. She’d seen it before. And she was wearing it.





Chapter 20
Pilot stood in the doorway, listening to Tenshi’s side of the conversation. It seemed serious. Her voice was low and occasionally she would glance up at him meaningfully, trying to convey a sense of importance. But Pilot’s mind was on what had just happened. He would never let on, but he was rattled. Since his earlier conversation with Andres, he’d been mulling over his words. It had been a lot to digest, the whole thing with Andres’ home being destroyed, his family murdered. And who were these Loyalists he spoke of? And powered individuals? He’d heard of the Others, but the only powered individual he’d ever known was Tenshi, and she certainly wasn’t evil. Though her levitation power was pretty wicked, he had to admit.
Her levitation power . . . that was another thing. He’d known her to keep it carefully hidden from most people. He doubted those scientists had known she had it. Hopefully, they would think the object had done that. 
Pilot refused to think of the object as the Xbox. In his newfound desire to take things more seriously, he wanted to respect that thing’s power. He didn’t know what it had done to her, or how it had affected him the way it had, or why those Loyalists had been looking for it, or why Andres’ family and friends had been willing to sacrifice all to protect its whereabouts, but he did know one thing. Whatever it was, it was not to be trifled with.
Still deep in conversation, Tenshi rolled her eyes and waved Pilot into her lab. He’d been lingering in the doorway, unsure whether he should have been here or not. Usually, he would just come in and make himself at home, but he knew this might be top secret business he shouldn’t be privy to. At least, not yet. Not that this usually bothered him, but today . . . he felt different. Uncomfortable in his own shoes. He sat down in a chair and leaned forward. Tenshi gave him a look that said, Why are you acting so weird? 
“Yeah. Yeah. Yes, okay, thank you,” Tenshi said, hanging up her receiver. She seemed to have moved on from what had happened in the research lab, which Pilot was glad to see, but her brow was furrowed with a new concern. 
“First of all,” she said, “why are you acting so weird? Second, this isn’t good.” She proceeded to fill him in on her conversation. Apparently, they had received intelligence about an attack in Afghanistan, near old Asadabad. Pilot chilled; his blood ran cold. Headquarters believed this attack was in direct response to the events of the previous day. They believed it was retaliation for the item having been stolen. But . . . why? What reason would they have to attack a humble village in the desert? Apparently, men, women and children had been slaughtered mercilessly. At least one man had escaped to tell the tale, but how had the intelligence reached back to Headquarters? Who were these people? Obviously, there were evil men in the Kandahar government who knew about the missing object and weren’t too happy. For the first time, Pilot felt reassured that it was, at least, in better hands now that it had been. But this did nothing to dispel the awful gloom of this situation, or the ire it had ignited inside his heart.
Tenshi spoke again, snapping him out of his stupor. “They want us to send a reconnaissance team. You in?”
Pilot nodded. “Of course,” he said. “I think it best you do not include Andres in this mission. I doubt his heart could take it.”
Tenshi looked at him, puzzled, but did not argue. “I’m going with you,” she said. “I need to see this for myself.”
He suspected she just wanted to get away for a bit, rather than wanting to see the devastating scene that awaited them, but he was grateful she would be at his side. Besides, they could talk in the air. 
“See you at the hangar in ten,” Tenshi said grimly as she stood to leave the room. “Guess I’d better go grab some shoes.”
***
Pilot and Tenshi arrived at the same moment in the hangar where his F-1350LX transport jet sat ready and waiting for them. He patted her nose as he walked past. “Hey, girl,” he said. 
Tenshi saluted. “Vivian.” 
In a matter of minutes, Pilot had plugged in their coordinates and they were already on their way.
They’d flown in silence for a while when Pilot asked, “So, what happened back there?”
Tenshi told him about her vision, how she’d first been the stone, and had then been looking at the stone through her father’s eyes. 
“Is that it?” he asked. He felt like she was holding something back, but didn’t want to press the issue. He knew it was difficult for Tenshi to talk about her father, who had died a few years back on an undercover job for the UFC.
“Yeah,” she said. “Then I snapped out of it, and BOOM! I was on the ground. Pretty weird, huh?”
“Yeah,” said Pilot. “Pretty weird. Did they know?” 
“Nope. And they still don’t. For all they know, it was the Xbox that did that, not me.” 
Silence resumed, both sinking deep into their own sea of thoughts again. This time it was Tenshi who broke the silence.
“So, what did he tell you?” she asked.
Pilot tensed. “He told me what happened to his family. Did you know?”
Tenshi nodded. “I don’t know any details, but I knew it was a sad story.”
“Did you know about the Loyalists?” he asked.
Tenshi’s brow furrowed. “I remember a story my father used to tell me when I was little. I thought he was making it up at the time, but now . . . well, you decide. You know the star system, Alpha Centauri?” 
“Who doesn’t?”
“Well, the story goes that there were people living there. Like, we were wrong, and it was actually a planet or something. Anyway, there was this group of people who rose up and tried to take over the government there. Apparently the planet’s life force was contained in this one rock, like a heart. It was alive, and it gave people their powers and stuff. Like it brought life and prosperity to the whole planet.” Tenshi was talking animatedly, using her hands to illustrate the story. “So apparently, as long as the rock was alive somewhere, it kept the planet or the star system alive or whatever. Well, these bad guys wanted to take the heart of this planet, this rock, and control it. They thought they could take it and somehow harness its power for themselves. Then they would have ultimate control. So, there were these good people, the Council or something, who wanted to protect it, and they found a way to break it up or something, and—” Her voice trailed off. 
“Go on,” said Pilot. He’d been hanging on every word.
“And . . .” Tenshi looked flustered for some reason. She suddenly crossed her foot over her other leg and began playing with a silver toe ring she always wore with a vibrant blue gemstone set between a pair of eagle’s talons. Pilot knew this had been her father’s ring and she’d had it resized for her toe when he died. “And they smuggled it here. To earth.”
She looked at him with a bewildered expression on her face. 
“So?” Pilot asked, a bit befuddled himself. She was staring at him with wide eyes. He started to grow uncomfortable. Suddenly, she shook her head. 
“So, they brought it here, and the bad people followed them.” Her voice had taken on a different tone, as if she was no longer telling a story from her childhood, but had just figured out something important. “The Others, the Loyalists. They were looking for the rock, the heart. The Xbox . . . it has something to do with the rock. I don’t know what.” She shook her head. “These Loyalists . . . they wreaked havoc and destruction. They murdered people. They murdered Andres’ family, because they were helping to protect it. They are also the ones behind this attack.” 
Pilot was dumbfounded. “Wait, you just . . . figured all that stuff out? ”
Tenshi nodded, a new fire in her eyes. She looked triumphant, as if she’d just pieced together the most difficult puzzle in the universe. “It makes total sense, doesn’t it? The vision, the rock, my flying thing . . .”
“Levitating,” Pilot corrected. 
“Whatever. The point is, my father . . . he had to have been one of them. One of the Council. These weren’t just stories. He gave his life,” she gulped as a lump formed in her throat, “protecting his people. All people. Earth, humans, that . . . thing, whatever it is . . . and this.”  She looked back down at her toe and the ring she was still absently spinning between her fingers. 
Pilot’s eyes grew wide as the realization of what she’d just said sank in. “Wait . . . you . . . that . . . what?”
She nodded slowly at him. “I know.” Several seconds passed, then, “Shut your mouth before something flies in. You look like a moron.” His mouth snapped shut. “And don’t tell anyone or you die.” 
Pilot rolled his eyes. “Of course I won’t tell anyone.” His eyes shot down to the ring, eyeing it suspiciously. “May I?” he asked tentatively.
“Sure,” she said. 
He reached over and touched the toe ring, which was a little weird, but not as weird as the fact that when he touched it, it was vibrating. Surprised, his eyes shot towards Tenshis’s face. 
“I know,” she said. “I always thought that was cool, too! But I’ve had it so long that I don’t really notice it anymore. I just thought it must have some unique properties that made it do that. Now I understand why my dad placed so much importance on this ring. I just thought he’d inherited it or something. He never told me the story behind it, though.” She giggled. “Well, actually, I guess he did.” Her eyes were sparkling joyfully. Not exactly the same reaction that Pilot was experiencing, but he figured it must be nice to discover your heritage and find out you were part alien after all these years. At least it explained a lot.
Suddenly, Pilot caught a glimpse of something below them. His gut sank. “Um, Tenshi, I think you’d better take a look at this.” 
Vivian dipped towards the ground and Tenshi let out a low groan. The camp had been ravaged. Tents were torn and burned, bodies of humans and animals lay strewn about. A ring of scorched ground caught his eye, which struck him as odd, but after what he’d just learned, it didn’t seem odd enough. The two friends braced themselves for the scene that lay waiting for them as Pilot gently brought them both back down to earth.





Chapter 21
Emir walked purposefully towards the dome, Zaharina’s small hand held firmly in his, their fingers still intertwined. His heart pounded as he realized she had made no attempt to pull away. He drew strength and confidence from her steady presence and the warmth of her hand, which he knew he needed for what he was about to do. 
He glanced sideways at her as they walked. He was grateful she had not worn her niqab and he could see her determined expression. Her fierce blue eye shot towards him and softened. She must have read the worry in his eyes. She gave his hand a slight squeeze that made his heart skip a beat. There was that magic again.
 As they neared the dome, they chose the entrance for visitors. Emir had heard of the domed cities, and he’d seen a few pictures in textbooks. Nothing had prepared him for the enormity of this dome. He’d never taken the time to consider that the dome actually had to be big enough to cover an entire city. The textbooks always made them look much smaller. It was like seeing mountains in the distance and not being prepared for how big they actually were in real life. It nearly took his breath away.
There were no other visitors waiting in line. Emir guessed this entrance was rarely used, as most people who visited domed cities did so on business of one type or another. Security was generally so tight and it took so long to get in that most people didn’t even bother. Emir got a sinking feeling in his gut. He hadn’t thought this through . . . well . . . at all, really. He sensed a new energy coming from Zara. Her determination was still there, but it was mingled with something else. He felt her step closer to him. Her eye darted around at the other entrances, the ones for vendors, medical personnel, and government officials. They all had more people than this one had. He suddenly realized . . . she was nervous. Hiding it well, but still definitely nervous. Her gaze snapped to Emir as he pulled her fingers to his lips and gently brushed them with a kiss. 
“It’s okay,” he said, quietly enough that only she could hear. He had not considered what this must be like for her. He was used to cities, used to being surrounded by a lot of people. He’d been so focused on his mission that he hadn’t stopped to think about how overwhelming this must be for Zara, who’d lived her whole life wandering around the desert with a rather small nomadic clan. “I’m right here. Just follow my lead.”
As they approached the turnstile, a guard asked for their IDs. Emir’s had been stolen, and Zara did not have one. Fadil took one out of his pocket and chattered at the man in his fast dialect, which the man seemed to have a hard time understanding, but he nodded to him, anyway. Fadil seemed to be explaining to him that Zara and Emir had been robbed, because as the guard screwed up his face in concentration to make out Fadil’s words, he kept his eyes on Zara and Emir. Then he nodded understandingly. “Bandits?” he asked. Emir nodded on behalf of both of them. Zara appeared frozen and had stepped slightly behind him. This pleased him greatly for some reason, and he had to fight the urge to grin.
Basir, who had been digging around in his pockets, produced an ID, as well. The man scrutinized it for a second, then turned and waved at them all to follow him. He led them into a cubicle where he sat opposite a desk with two chairs on the other side. Basir hastily plopped himself down in one of them, looking nervous as usual, and Emir offered the other to Zara, who declined with a shake of her head and stepped as far back into the corner of the cubicle as she could. Emir opted to stand next to her and gave the other seat to Fadil. 
Emir was relieved when he realized that the security questions would only have to be asked of one of them, since they had all arrived together. The man asked if any of them had a contact who lived in Kandahar. For a few uncomfortable seconds, no one spoke. Emir was trying to decide how to answer when, to his surprise, Basir spoke up. 
“I have a contact,” he said. 
“Name?” the guard asked.
“Razban Abd Al-Rashid.”
“Profession?”
“Civilian government employee.”
“Relation or non-relation?”
Basir hesitated. “He is my brother.” 
Emir and Zara exchanged a look. Why had he not mentioned before that he had a brother in the Kandahar government? His close-lipped nature did nothing to endear him to Emir, who had still been more willing to trust him than Zara had. 
In roughly thirty minutes, all questions had been asked and answered and Basir’s supposed brother had been called. Now all they had to do was wait.
It took roughly another forty minutes for Basir’s brother to arrive, during which time they sat in uncomfortable silence, Emir and Fadil attempting small talk with each other and with the guard, who would simply harrumph and look at them mistrustingly. Finally, a man appeared who looked remarkably like Basir, only less like a rodent. Basir stood and took the man’s hand, pulling him into a hug. Basir’s expression was full of emotion; Razban’s was carefully guarded as he looked over Basir’s shoulder, taking in the faces of the other three. 
It wasn’t the warm reception Emir had been expecting to see from a family member. 
“Why have you come, brother?” the man, Razban, asked.
“My family . . . my clan . . . we were ambushed,” Basir said, beginning to cry on his brother’s shoulder. Razban patted his back consolingly, but tensed, looking more uncomfortable by the minute. 
“There, there, brother,” he said. “Come, I will take you to my house,” he said, glancing nervously at his brother’s three companions. He turned and led them away, the guard watching them suspiciously as they filed out one by one. 
Zara looked hesitant to follow. Emir quirked a questioning eyebrow at her, to which she shot him an anxious look. He tried to convey to her with his eyes that everything would be okay, even though he wasn’t sure it would. She seemed to comprehend his look, but returned a look that said, Sure, whatever you say, and stepped tentatively away from the corner. 
Emir didn’t get a good feeling from the brothers, either, if brothers they truly were, but what choice did they have but to go with them? He placed a hand gently in the small of Zara’s back as they left the cubicle and followed the three men, now several feet in front of them. 
They went through another set of turnstiles as they passed the entrance to the business district. This city appeared to be laid out like a wheel hub, with the business, residential, medical, and military districts alternating around the outside. He guessed this was the case all the way around, with the government complex in the center of the Hub. 
For some reason, Emir was surprised to see streets with vehicles on them once they reached the residential district where Razban apparently lived. They stopped to hail a cab and Emir glanced at Zara, who probably didn’t realize she was clinging to his arm, wide-eyed. He wondered if she’d ever even seen a car before Fadil’s. It wasn’t like they were common in the wilderness. Most outlier settlements didn’t have them, as the weather was harsh on them and it was much cheaper and easier to keep camels and horses. Plus, most of those settlements were tiny compared to this. Emir felt for Zara. He knew she was way out of her comfort zone. Still, he was grateful to not feel dependent and incompetent anymore.
In a few minutes, they had piled into a taxi, Basir and his brother squeezing into the two front seats next to the disgruntled driver, while Fadil, Emir and Zara slid into the back. They rode in silence, Zara staring out the window, Razban directing the driver. 
Razban’s house was a small cement box with windows and a wooden front door, as were most houses in this neighborhood. He guessed this development had been hastily built to accommodate the influx of people after the Night of Fire. He wondered how many other developments there were like this here. Through the front door, they entered a small room with a couch, a chair, and a small table in it. 
“Please, make yourselves comfortable,” said Razban, with less warmth in his eyes than in his voice. “I will be back after I speak with my brother.” He gestured for Basir to follow, who looked as he did so like he was entering a lion’s den. 
“Is it just me or are those two acting very strangely,” Emir whispered to Zara once they’d left the room. Rather than taking the couch or the chair, she had propped herself against the wall on the floor in the darkest corner of the room. Emir slid down beside her. “I get the feeling Razban might want to eat us alive.”
“I share your feelings. I do not trust them,” Zara said. “We need to leave now.”
“Fadil,” Emir said, reaching into his pocket for some money. “Here is enough to buy more fuel and a dress for your wife and daughter, as promised. We appreciate your kindness.”
He handed it to Fadil, whose face lit up. He stammered his thanks in broken English.
Emir turned back to Zara, offering her his hand to help her off the floor. As they stood, Razban reentered the room. “You will excuse my brother,” he said. “He has gone to rest. Please forgive me if my welcome seemed less than warm. We do not get many visitors here, and I have not seen my brother for many years. We have been somewhat estranged. Can I offer you food? Drink?”
Fadil’s eyes lit up at the mention of food and drink and he vigorously nodded his acceptance. Emir looked at Zara, who seemed apprehensive. “No, thank you,” he said. “We must be going.” 
“But I insist,” Razban said, suddenly livelier than before. “You must be famished! Please, accompany me into the kitchen, where I will cook for you and you can tell me what kind of business brings you to travel across the desert with my sniveling brother as a companion!”
Emir snorted at the extremely accurate description of Basir, and Zara looked a bit confused, as if she wasn’t sure how to take this. She seemed to be considering if perhaps Razban may be more trustworthy than she had originally thought.
“All right,” conceded Emir, shrugging at Zara as if to say it was worth a shot. She exhaled a sigh of defeat and followed them into the kitchen. 
“So,” Razban said jovially as he chopped vegetables. “My brother says you have government business to attend to. Is this correct?”
Emir nodded apprehensively. “Yes,” he said. 
“Well,” said Razban, raising an eyebrow, “in that case, you have come to the right place. I am just the man to talk to.”
“Really?” said Emir. “You work for the government?”
“Indeed I do. I am a civilian employee. I can get you into the military complex and get you an audience with a senior officer. I have just the man in mind. Is the nature of your communication a matter of security, I presume?” 
Emir wondered why the man would presume such a thing, but then again, what other kind of business would have been so urgent? “Yes,” he said. “It is of utmost importance.”
“Then you will eat, and I will get you in today,” he said, stirring the meat and vegetables around in the pan. The smell made Emir’s stomach growl.
Emir’s eyes met Zara’s, and they reached a silent agreement that they might as well accept the man’s help, even if they didn’t fully trust him. After all, how else were they going to get into the government complex? A smile crossed Emir’s lips just as Razban turned around. 
“It is nice to see a young couple so much in love. I can see that you two are close, and I must say, this is a good supportive wife you have that is willing to follow her husband across the desert.” 
Emir’s face turned red hot. Zara looked down, her face also flushed. “Oh, we’re not . . . I’m not . . . I mean, she isn’t my . . . well . . .” he stammered. Zara appeared to be fighting against a laugh. 
Razban actually looked embarrassed. “Oh, forgive me,” he said. “I place my foot in my mouth! I sometimes forget which century we are living in! A modern couple, eh?”
“NO!” Emir said a bit too adamantly, then immediately regretted it. The laughter on Zara’s face had vanished, replaced by something else. Hurt? He miserably tried backtracking. “I mean, we’re not a couple. We just met. She was . . . helping me.” He gulped. “But it wouldn’t be a bad thing if . . . I mean, I would like it if . . .” Was it just him or was the air in here suffocating? He pulled at his shirt collar. Zara’s face still looked down, but her eye fluttered up at him. Her face was unreadable, probably because he was choking and couldn’t think clearly. Her eye had some kind of gleam in it, though. Maybe she was trying to determine which spell to cast on him next. He would not have minded turning into a toad and hopping out of sight. 
“I see,” said Razban, smirking. He carried a tray of sauteed vegetables and bread to the table. Emir’s mouth watered. 
“Please, help yourselves,” Razban said, still smirking. Emir did not want to be rude, but he hastily grabbed some food and began to stuff his face with it. 
“Mmmmm. Jish ish good,” he mumbled, trying to change the subject. Zara’s eye was still watching him, and Razban seemed amused. Emir swallowed his food. “Is it hot in here?”
Razban smiled. “No, young man, it is much hotter outside. I believe that’s just you. Now, tell me about this business of yours. Young lady, you must eat something, too.”
Zara smiled, seeming to have warmed up to the man. She reached forward and took some food, then began eating it far more daintily than Emir, who had thrown all his manners out the window in a foolhardy attempt at self-preservation. Emir was glad to see at least one of them was at ease now.
Despite his having made a complete idiot out of himself, Emir felt this was going well. He sensed the man’s initial distrustfulness had been centered around his brother, Basir, not the others. Once he’d realized they were here on their own business, merely traveling companions and not friends of his brother’s, the man had loosened up significantly and was now warm, gracious and hospitable. This raised new suspicions concerning the integrity of Basir, but Emir concluded that a man can’t be judged based on his brother’s character. Judging by the change in Zara’s demeanor, he assumed she’d reached the same conclusions.
Once they were finished eating, plans were made and they were on their way to the government complex, Fadil having happily hopped a bus to the market. Emir had given him a little extra, hoping he could find something for himself, as well as his wife and daughter. He reflected on the generous sum Jabar had given them and was once again grateful. He hoped Jabar and Natara were safe somewhere. 
The neighborhood Razban lived in was not far from the center of the Hub, so they decided to walk rather than use transportation. Though this city looked much different than his own, Emir couldn’t help but feel a tinge of homesickness for Peshawar. His family, his home, his long walks to and from his school, the bakery, Jinani’s school . . . a lump caught in his throat at the thought of Jinani. He realized he had slowed and was trailing behind Razban, Zaharina beside him giving him a questioning look. 
“Are you okay?” she asked softly, the first she’d spoken for quite a while. Emir smiled and nodded gratefully. He wanted to take her hand in his as he’d done before, but somehow the horribly awkward conversation with Razban had taken their unspoken . . . friendship? relationship? understanding? . . . and turned it into something visible, something that must be acknowledged.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “For my . . . back there . . .” 
She raised an eyebrow. “Go on . . .”
Gulp. “I didn’t mean to hurt you, if I did. I didn’t mean it that way. I just didn’t know if you . . . he just assumed that we . . .”
Emir was miserable. Zara smirked. Was she enjoying this? Her pace quickened. “We should catch up,” she said, the smirk still on her mouth. Suddenly, her face hardened into a mask as a man on the street walking towards them skirted around her, glancing nervously at her scars. Anger surged through Emir. He didn’t have time to reflect on it much, though, as they turned a corner and he saw they had reached the gates of the government district.
His heart took on a new rhythm. He glanced at Zara, who nodded resolutely forward. Razban had taken out an ID tag. He showed it to the guard, nodding to Emir and Zara. “They are with me,” he said. The man scanned them and they were all allowed admittance. Emir was thankful Zara had thought to leave her dagger behind.
Razban led them into a long government building with a rounded top that reminded him of the military barracks in Peshawar. They entered the front of the building, which seemed to be a long hallway with many rooms on either side. Men and women in military uniforms bustled up and down the hall, in and out of rooms. Some of them recognized Razban and they saluted each other. He led them three-quarters of the way down the corridor, then turned left into a main office which branched out into several smaller ones. 
“Hello, Jannat.” Razban greeted a woman at the desk cheerfully. “These are some friends of mine, Emir and Zaharina. They wish to speak with Cyrus today about urgent business. Is he in?”
Jannat eyed them a moment, then asked, “How do you do, friend’s of Razban?” Then, to Razban, “I believe he is. Wait a moment.” She pushed a button on a panel in front of her. 
“Yes, Jannat?” a man’s gruff voice spoke through her comm. 
“Someone is here to see you, sir. Razban and two friends of his. Shall I send them in?”
“Razban, you say? Yes, yes, send them in.” 
Jannat smiled and nodded them towards one of the office doors, and the three of them walked in to find a rotund man sitting at his desk, with a ruddy complexion, a white beard, and several military decorations on his uniform and cap. He reminded Emir of a militant version of the old American Santa Claus he had seen movies about. 
“Come in, come in,” the man said, shaking Razban’s hand. “What can I do for you today, old friend?” 
“Hello, Cyrus,” Razban said. Rather than releasing the man’s hand, he grasped it more firmly as he leaned in and said, “My young friend wishes to speak with you about urgent business.” Emir couldn’t be sure, but he thought he picked up on an almost imperceptible nod towards Zara. 
The man’s eyes swept over Emir, then rested on Zara almost hungrily. Emir stepped in front of her protectively, but the man stood and prowled around his desk like a wolf. 
“This face,” he said, mostly to himself. “I haven’t seen . . .” he shook his head. “My dear, might I ask you . . . your mother, is she Caspara?” 
Emir had been sidestepping to stay between Zara and Cyrus, who was leaning sideways to see her. Zara gasped, and Emir whirled around to see her eyes wide and bewildered. She recovered quickly, shot him the briefest warning glance, and then said, “I do not know who you are talking about, sir. My mother’s name is Natara.” 
The man’s eyes narrowed. “I see,” he said, shooting a look at Razban, who had stepped back to watch the whole exchange rather anxiously. The man continued to eye Zara from head to toe, licking his lips and rubbing his hands together. Emir wasn’t sure how, but Zara stood her ground, maintaining her firm stance, neither flinching nor looking away. Emir shivered.
“Well,” the man said, “my apologies, then. Let’s discuss this urgent business, shall we?” He turned to Emir, a disconcerting gleam in his eye, and retreated back behind his desk. Emir hesitated, repositioning himself between Zara and this predator, unsure if he really wanted to discuss his business with him anymore but realizing he had no other options at the moment. 
He cleared his throat, shot a glance at Razban, and decided what must be said would have to be said with him present. He proceeded to deliver his message, during which time a range of emotions seemed to pass over the man’s face, from confusion to realization, terror to anger. 
“The discovery . . .” he murmured, rubbing the bridge of his nose, apparently aware of its importance. “Peshawar . . .” He seemed lost in his thoughts for a time, then suddenly pounded his fist on the desk. Emir jumped. 
“You have done Kandahar a great service, boy, by bringing this to my attention. You are most likely unaware that the discovery is no longer here. It was stolen, presumably by Peshawar.”
Emir made to protest, but was stopped short. “You said so yourself, did you not, boy? They would stop at nothing, even risk war, to obtain it? Well, war they shall have, then!”
Emir stammered. “But—” His head spun. His plan was derailing and he wasn’t sure how to save it. 
“Surely,” Razban broke in, “we should be sure they have it before making accusations. Perhaps someone else got to it first.” He and Cyrus locked eyes, Emir trying to decipher a secret communication between them. Finally, Cyrus nodded, his jaw tense, hand still clenched in a fist.
“Perhaps you are right,” he said. “Thank you, my son,” he nodded to Emir. “You will be rewarded for your service. Now, you are dismissed. I have some calls to make,” he added, shooting one last look at Zara, his expression clouded. And with that, they were hastily ushered from his office.





Chapter 22
Zara wasn’t quite sure what had just happened. Judging by his bewildered expression, Emir wasn’t, either. First, there had been the whole thing with Razban and Basir. She’d been sure Basir couldn’t be trusted, and based on his brother’s attitude towards him, she’d been right about that. Naturally. She was a natural judge of character. Razban had been slowly winning her over, but she’d had the distinct impression it was mistrust of Basir and his friends that had affected his behavior when they’d first met. Since then, he had been transparent and displayed a genuine eagerness to help. 
Then, there was Cyrus. First of all . . . what in the heavens?!  The thought of his creepy eyes looking her up and down made her shudder. It was obvious he’d known her mother. She’d often been told by Natara that she was the spitting image of Caspara. Cyrus had known she was lying when she’d told him she wasn’t Caspara’s daughter. But the look in his eyes . . . what was it about that man? And poor Emir! His plan had backfired horribly. In warning Kandahar about Peshawar’s plot to steal the discovery, which had apparently already been stolen, Kandahar was now convinced Peshawar had stolen it. And who knew? Maybe they had. Either way, Emir now had to go inform Peshawar that the thing wasn’t in Kandahar anymore and warn them to be on the defensive. What a mess!
Zara walked swiftly beside Emir, ignoring Razban’s constant nervous chattering. It sounded like he was spewing apologies all over the place and she had the feeling that he was just as flabbergasted as she was about what had just happened. She looked at Emir. She could see the concern in every line of his face. His jaw was set, his brown eyes were searching for answers, wondering how this whole thing had gone so wrong, wondering how quickly he could make it back home, hoping Cyrus would decide not to act against Peshawar without definitive proof against them, hoping there wouldn’t be any such proof to find. All this was evident in his face, a face she had become very familiar with in the past nine days or so. She tried to figure out how many days it had been since he’d straggled into her life, but it seemed like a lifetime ago. How could someone come into your life and change it so much . . . change you so much . . . in only a matter of days? Zara was aware that she had changed. Never before had she felt so totally accepted, so free to open herself up to someone, to the possibility of . . . 
Zara shook her head to clear it. Emir needed her to be strong for him now, to help him decide what to do next. Now was not the time to be all sappy and lovestruck. Still, her heart ached for him, knowing what he must be feeling. She felt bad for teasing him earlier. She had known what he’d meant. It wasn’t anywhere in his nature to hurt someone’s feelings, especially hers. In fact, he went to great strides to ensure he did just the opposite where she was concerned.
She didn’t realize how far they had walked when they suddenly found themselves back at Basir’s house. Fadil was still gone at the market. Basir was thankfully nowhere to be seen and Zara guessed he must still be asleep. Razban nervously looked both ways before shutting and locking his front door behind them. Zara wasn’t sure what he was worried about, but she figured this was the least of their worries at the moment. As soon as the door closed behind them, Emir turned on his heel and said firmly, “We must be going.”
“Oh, no,” Razban said, “please, stay a while longer. Your friend is not back yet, and you should rest before beginning your journey.”
“I thank you, but I . . . we . . .” he nodded towards Zara, “really must be on our way. Our mission here is complete, and my family needs me. I have been gone long enough.”
Razban looked truly disappointed. More than he should have been. “The day grows late. You won’t get far today. Won’t you stay the night and head back tomorrow, refreshed? At least let me feed you before you leave.” He glanced at a small clock on the wall, as if calculating how much more time before dinner. Emir started to decline his offer when suddenly there was a loud thump on the back door to the kitchen. 
Zara looked at Emir, who looked at Razban, who was standing there wide-eyed, frozen in shock. Another thump on the door, louder this time. Responding to the look of horror on Razban’s face, she rushed to get her dagger out of its sheath on the table, where she’d left it earlier. She pulled back the kitchen window curtain to see three men looking murderous. She held up three fingers to Emir, who had followed her into the kitchen. Then she pointed to the knife Razban had used to chop vegetables. He nodded and grabbed it at the last minute, just as the flimsy door burst open with a BANG! 
Zara wasted no time. The first man who came through the door received the shaft of her dagger to his head and crumpled to the floor with a thud. She caught a glimpse of Emir, who wasted too much time looking appreciatively at her to stop the second man from coming through the door. 
“Emir!” she shouted. He blinked.
“Right!” he said, waving the knife out in front of him like a sword. He obviously had no idea what to do.
Zara sighed as she leapt over the crumpled body, kicking the door into the third man as he entered and attacking the second man from behind. In no time she had disarmed him and held her dagger at his throat, whirling him around to face the last man, who stood sneering in the doorway.
“One move and he dies!” she warned, her eyes flashing.
The man stepped slowly towards her. “His life means nothing to me,” he snarled. “Yours, on the other hand . . .”
“Don’t come any closer!” Zara shouted. “You don’t know who you’re dealing with!”
“Oh, but I do,” the man said, inching closer. Emir stepped forward.
“No, Emir!” Zara warned. “Stay back!” Her eyes shone blindingly on the man’s face, but he didn’t seem surprised. He placed a hand up to guard his eyes and pressed forward menacingly. Zara had no choice. She wasn’t sure if she could overpower both men, and Emir wasn’t much help in a fight. She wasn’t sure where Razban had gone. She was about to try the fire thing again when, suddenly, something flashed past her and the man fell backwards, a knife in his heart. The man she was holding gasped. She whirled him around to see Razban standing there. 
“Get out of here,” he said to the man. Then, looking over her shoulder, “Hello, brother.”
She whirled around again so she could see everyone: Razban in the doorway, looking grimly defiant; Basir in the other doorway, his face chalk white; Emir standing there gaping, still holding the knife like a sword, trying to figure out what was going on. 
“You . . .” Basir stammered at his brother. “Traitor—” 
“Oh, shut up!” said Razban. “You are a traitor to our people, you and your band of cowards. I never want to see you again. I left that cause long ago. You are dead to me. Now, take this man and be gone, before you get what he got.”
Basir opened and shut his mouth, then turned and left. Zara released the man she held, thankful she did not have to shed blood today. He ran after Basir. “What about him?” She gestured to the man on the floor. 
“We’ll tie him up,” Razban shrugged. “When he wakes up, we’ll get him to talk.”
“I don’t know if we’ll stick around that long,” Emir said, recovering from his shock. “We need to be going now more than ever. But first, I want some answers. You knew who they were, didn’t you.” It was an accusation, not a question.
Razban sighed. “Yes,” he admitted. “And there shouldn’t be any more, at least not for a while. If you sit down a few minutes before running off, I’ll fill you in.”
Emir looked at Zara. She nodded her assent. She wanted answers, too, especially now. What had that man meant when he’d said her life had been worth more than his companion’s? That he knew who he was dealing with? Who were these men and why were they after her?
She sat down on a kitchen chair, her nerves trembling in the aftermath of the fight. Emir sat down next to her, pulling his chair closer and placing a somehow steady arm around her shoulders. She released a shaky breath and Emir rubbed her arm. How could his touch be so impossibly comforting? Her whole body filled with warmth and she could feel her nerves quieting, her pulse slowing, her breaths evening out. Also, goosebumps. She rubbed her arms to make the hairs lay back down.
“Are you okay?” Emir asked her tenderly. He was studying her, that familiar look of concern on his face, his brown eyes deep pools of emotion, his brow drawn, his cheeks flushed, the dark rough outline of his jaw firm, his lips pressed together . . . his lips . . . 
She nodded in response, breathless, melting into a little puddle in her chair. She was relieved when Razban cleared his throat, drawing both sets of eyes back to him.
“May I?” he asked incredulously. 
“Of course,” Zara and Emir both said at the same time.
Razban smirked. “I mean, if you’d rather wait—”
“NO!” They both shouted, shooting quick glances at each other.
“Okay, well,” Razban shook his head. “I don’t know how much you already know, so I will assume you know nothing and start at the beginning. I will try to make it quick. My brother and I, we came here together. Our family—our clan—was destroyed, just as he told you. It was a long time ago, but the grief is still fresh and new.” Zara and Emir shared a look. Perhaps this was why Emir had sensed the man’s grief? “We both belonged to a band of people known as the Loyalists. Nevermind who we were loyal to. Not important right now. The band was . . . misguided. I left them a long time ago. Basir did not. We parted ways because we could not agree. In the meantime, I joined with another group of people. They are called the UFC, the United Freedom Coalition. They work to bring about the freedom of all peoples. 
“When Basir brought you here, I first thought you were Loyalists. However, when we arrived here he told me who you really are. I was not sure I believed him until earlier today . . . and then just now . . .”
“Wait,” Zara said. “What do you mean he told you who I am? What does he know about me?”
“He told me,” Razban said, hesitantly, “that you are the Light.” 
“The Light?” asked Zara, her mind reeling. She’d been called that before, but what did it mean?
“Yes,” Razban said. “I did not know until Cyrus recognized you. I did not know your mother, but he did. She was one of the Council members.”
“The Council members?” 
“Not important. The good guys. They brought the thing to Earth.”
“The thing? To EARTH?” Zara’s mouth hung open.
Razban rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I can see you know absolutely nothing. I am trying to tell you quickly so you can be on your way, as it seems so urgent to you, but how can I if you keep interrupting me?”
Zara’s mouth snapped shut and she looked at Emir, whose expression said he was just as lost as she was.
“Very well, then,” Razban went on, “many years ago a group of people came to Earth seeking freedom and refuge from the Loyalists. They also sought to hide the Lodestar, which was the source of their planet’s power. The Council members, your mother included, devised a way to break the Lodestar apart, encapsulating its power, hiding it on Earth to keep it from falling into the Loyalists’ hands. Each piece—each shard—of the Lodestar still contained a part of its essence, its life force, if you will. Each piece had its own purpose. There was a prophecy, you see, that the shards of the Lodestar would seek out and find those who could one day piece back together the fragments of a broken society, uniting all people, restoring peace, love and hope, ending the war that would rage on both planets. These chosen ones would be children of both worlds, and the chiefest among them would be the one who could see people as they are and restore light to the darkness.”
“The Light,” Zara gasped, reaching unconsciously to the talisman that hung around her neck, constantly, gently pulsating against her skin.
“Hold on,” Emir said, breaking her reverie. “So, you’re saying Zara’s mom is from outer space?”
“Yes,” said Razban, amused. “And so am I.”
Emir fell back into his chair, running his hand through his hair. “Wow,” he said. “That’s a lot to take in.” Seeing Zara’s look, he quickly added, “I mean, that’s awesome! Just a lot to take in.”
Zara turned back to Razban. “Let me get this straight. Those men who attacked us were Loyalists. The stolen discovery that the Peshawar government wants and the Kandahar government had . . . that was it, the Lodestar’s energy or life force or whatever. That’s what everyone’s after. And me . . . I’m the Light, a chosen one? Which would explain why my eyes glow, and why . . .” her voice trailed off. She looked at Emir, who sat looking bewildered, his hand still buried in his hair, his chest . . . glowing. “So are you.”
“What?” Emir said, sitting forward, eyes wide. “I’m what?”
Zara shook her head. Not here. Not now. She was the only one who could see it. “Nevermind,” she said, moving on. “Wait. Basir told you? How did he know who I was? I never showed him.         And . . . you knew, didn’t you?” She felt heat rising into her cheeks. 
Razban grew defensive. “About the attacks? Of course not! I mean, I knew it would come, but I hoped you’d be gone by then. I had to let him do what he must, and in the meantime I did what I must. I took you to Cyrus. You see, he is a member of the UFC, as well. I hoped when he saw you, he would recognize you as your mother’s daughter, and notify the UFC. He doesn’t know, of course, that you are the Light, but as a child of a Council member, he would naturally think that you could be a chosen one. I hoped the UFC would come before Basir’s men could get here. He doesn’t know I’m with the UFC, and I wanted to keep it that way. But the Loyalists are everywhere. When word spreads that you are here, they will come from everywhere. You won’t be safe here for long.” He seemed to consider this. “Neither am I now, it seems. Oh, dear.”
“Wait,” Zara said again. “You never told me . . . how did he know who I was?”
There were a few seconds of silence, in which he seemed to be choosing his words carefully. “I am sorry, Zara. It seems my brother was in the band of men who attacked your village. He tracked you. He knew the whole time.”
Zara’s blood ran cold. Beside her, Emir cursed and slammed his hand down on the table. “I’m so sorry, Zara,” he said. “I should have let you kill the bastard when you had the chance.”
Zara gulped and shook her head, unable to comprehend what she’d just heard. “And how did they know to attack my village?” she asked softly, but even as she did, she knew the answer. Hazeem. He’d been spending time in town, Jabar had said. And these Loyalists . . . they were everywhere. He’d told them about the girl with the glowing eyes. That meant that all of the destruction she’d heard, the screams, Natara and Jabar . . . it had happened because of her. They’d been looking for her after all. She hadn’t wanted to believe it . . . had thought they were just protecting her. But it was all because of her.
She let out a strangled sound and realized her hand was shaking violently on the table. Emir leaned forward and pressed his warm hands onto hers. She could feel his slightly trembling, too. “It’s okay, Zara,” he soothed. “It wasn’t your fault. You didn’t even know. These—" He gulped. “These are evil men.”
“Yes,” Razban said. “They are evil, and they will stop at nothing to get the Lodestar and the chosen ones in their possession and under their control.” He paused. “I don’t know much about the prophecy, only a vague idea. And I don’t understand the true power of the Lodestar or much about the stones. I do not know how many stones there are, so I don’t know how many chosen ones there will be, but I do know of a settlement in Africa where the UFC believes there may be a chosen one living. They have tried to get her to come with them, but she has refused them time and again. They are not an organization that likes to use force. Perhaps you can find her and perhaps she has more answers.”
“First,” said Zara, her voice thick, “we must go to Peshawar. Emir has a family to protect. I was unable to protect mine, but I will not allow harm to come to his if I can help it.”
Emir looked at her gratefully. She wiped her eye with the back of her hand. “Can you help us?” she asked Razban.
“If you could wait for the UFC . . . but no. Of course you cannot. I can give you money for safe passage to the Pakistani border. There is a small airfield about three miles west of Kandahar. The pilots there are struggling, so someone will be eager to take you and drop you off. I assume you can get across the border, since you seemed to get here all right before?”
“Yes,” said Emir. “Thank you. Words cannot express—”
“Save them,” said Razban. “You are going to need them. As for Fadil, I will accompany him back to his village.” He looked around at his bare house. “There is nothing here for me now.”





Chapter 23
It had been days since the reconnaissance mission with Pilot, and Tenshi could not get the images out of her head. She had tried everything: kickboxing, running, playing video games, blasting loud music, sleeping, and stress eating. No use. At least she hadn’t resorted to drinking like someone else she knew. He wasn’t a big drinker, but Pilot could throw back a few when occasion required, a habit she’d tried to help him break, but to no avail. Now she almost wished she’d joined him. 
Tenshi had grown up with the UFC, had practically been raised at the Hotan base. She’d been behind the scenes of hundreds of missions, had seen pictures, heard stories . . . nothing could have prepared her for this. Nothing.
Now, like a little girl trying to run away, she sat atop a skyscraper overlooking Hotan. Her legs hung over the edge, her feet swinging back and forth. She had been here for hours; if anyone had noticed, they couldn’t do anything about it, anyway. This building had been condemned years ago, so there was no access to the top via stairs or elevator, which made it the perfect spot to get some alone time.
The city spread out below her. A few blocks away she could see a large courtyard area with a statue in the center of two men shaking hands. History had forgotten the two men represented, but somehow, this statue had survived for centuries. It had come to symbolize survival, unity, cooperation, peace. All things the UFC stood for. Between her building and that statue, the city streets crawled with people who went about their daily lives, blissfully unaware of the dangers they faced every day, unaware of the people who worked behind the scenes to help them keep their jobs, their homes, their lives, their freedoms. Even she, a lifetime member of the UFC, had never truly understood what they were up against. She doubted most of the members did. Most of them, she believed, were just humans from Earth who believed they were simply part of an underground group of vigilantes. Uncovering evil government plots, fighting against tyrants and dictators, trying to keep evil people from getting too much power. But this? Fighting evil aliens from outer space, who did the kinds of things she and Pilot had witnessed the other day? This was not what she’d signed up for. Or was it?
Tenshi wondered how many other people like her there were. Not necessarily people who hated shoes and liked jewelry, or people who were complete technological masterminds. People like her. People with powers. People from other planets, or whose parents came from other planets, or whose grandparents came from other planets. How many people even knew there were people who came from other planets? Now that she knew, what was she supposed to do about it? How many other planets were there that had people stationed or hiding on Earth, anyway? Did the people on all those other planets know about the people on Earth? Thinking about all this space stuff made her feel like a nerd. Yet she couldn’t stop. Until she thought of the mission. That’s all she could think about. Space and the mission.
Space. Bodies. Space. Death. Toe rings. Dad. Space. Carnage. Circles burned into the ground. A man impaled. A woman’s scorched face. A child . . . a child . . . 
Tenshi squeezed her eyes shut and screamed. She could hear her scream echo. Some birds screeched and flew away. A dog barked. Maybe some people looked up. Tenshi didn’t care. She wanted to stay up here forever, away from everything. But she knew she had to go back. Back to work, back to life, back to reality. One of Pilot’s twentieth century songs started playing in her head. She couldn’t remember all the words, but she focused on the tune and tried to blank everything else out. As she hummed to herself, she thought of Pilot. She’d told him she would meet him later. She wondered how long she’d been up here. She had work to get done before the evening, then Pilot needed her to keep him out of trouble. He had no one else. It was time to get down.
Slowly, Tenshi stood. She took one last look at the city below, drew in a deep breath, closed her eyes, felt a tug at the back of her shoulders, and lifted off. She didn’t need to spread her arms, but she liked it better this way. It felt freer. More therapeutic. More like she was actually flying. She didn’t worry about being seen. Most people didn’t look up while they walked, anyway. She opened her eyes halfway down and aimed for a park bench where an old woman sat reading. She landed on the bench next to the woman and sat down on the back. 
The woman looked up.  “Well, hello there,” she said, smiling sweetly. “I didn’t see you there.”
“It’s okay,” said Tenshi. “I just . . . fell from the sky.” She waved her hand in the air casually. 
The woman chuckled. 
“Have a nice day,” Tenshi said, standing to leave. 
“Likewise, dearie,” the woman said, returning to her book.
For the first time all day, Tenshi smiled. Just go on about your day, lady, she thought. Don’t you worry about a thing. We’ve got you covered. 
***
Tenshi walked into her office to see Pilot sitting there leaning back in her chair, hands behind his head, feet crossed on her desk, eyes closed, snoring. She walked over to him, placed her face inches in front of his, and said, “Boo.”
Luckily she pulled her face back, because Pilot’s head shot up, as did his feet. Somehow he lost control of the rolly chair and the next thing she knew, he was on his back looking up at her. She couldn’t help but laugh. 
“Ow,” he said, squinting at her and rubbing the back of his head. She reached her hand down to help him up. “What’d you do that for?” 
Tenshi shrugged. “Looked fun. You were snoring and drooling. And your feet were on my stuff.” She wrinkled her nose in disgust and brushed the dirt off her desk, then picked up some papers and shook them off. 
“Whatever,” Pilot said, looking around. “Like you’re worried about stuff getting dirty.” 
“This,” she corrected, “is not dirty. It’s a mess. There’s a difference. And I know where everything is, thank you very much, so it really isn’t even a mess. It’s . . . organized chaos.”
Pilot snorted. “All right, Miss Organized Chaos,” he made air quotes, “why didn’t you have your comm today? I’ve been trying to get a hold of you for hours.”
“What? You couldn’t wait to see me?” Tenshi teased, picking up her comm and checking the missed calls. “You called me eight times?!”
“Yes,” said Pilot, rolling his eyes, “and eight times you failed to pick up.” 
“Well, what was it that couldn’t wait?”
“I don’t know. Apparently, HQ had something to tell us. A mission or something. They seemed to really want us on this one, but they probably gave it to someone else by now since you wouldn’t answer.”
Tenshi shrugged. “So?” She wasn’t eager to go out on another mission right now. She was still recovering from the last one.
“So, don’t you get tired of sitting around?”
She folded her arms. “You call what I do sitting around?”
“Well, no, but wouldn’t you rather be out on a mission than sitting around, you know, thinking?” He looked at his feet and stuck his hands in his pockets. Tenshi knew this stance. Pilot was hurting.
“Yeah, probably, you’re right,” she said, softening. “But I’d rather not go on any more missions.” Then she got an idea. “I know what you should do! Come kickboxing with me!” She playfully punched him on the shoulder.
“Nah,” he said, still looking at the ground. “You’d probably kick my face off.”
She laughed and saw one corner of Pilot’s mouth twitch upwards. “Yeah, probably,” she said. Just then, her comm dinged. She answered it. The person from headquarters on the other end sounded irate. She made a face and held the comm out from her ear so Pilot could hear, too. He mouthed, “I told you.” She stuck her tongue out at him.
“—trying to reach you all day!” the woman’s voice complained loudly through her speaker. “You and your team have been highly unreachable! You do not understand the importance of this mission! I could’ve had another team there by now, but I wanted Agents Winthrop and Fernandez! They’ve been there before, recently! They have ready-made IDs! We have no more time to waste!”
At the mention of Agent Fernandez, Pilot stepped back and put his hands up in front of him, wide eyed and shaking his head vehemently. Tenshi put her hand on her hip and scolded him with her eyes. He stepped back further and shook his head harder. She rolled her eyes.
“Are you even there?!” the woman screeched into the comm. 
“Yes,” said Tenshi. “I heard you. But, where exactly did you say they needed to be?” Pilot plopped down, exasperated.
“Kandahar!” said the woman, her voice rising an octave.
Tenshi nodded. “On it.” She hung up.
Pilot groaned. “Whyyyyyyyy?”  He was leaning way back, covering his face with his arm.
“Oh, come on, Pilot,” said Tenshi. “Don’t be a baby or I’ll flip you out of your chair again. Although, I’m not really sure how you did that the first time. That was talent.”
Pilot ignored her, sitting up. “Why do I have to go with him again? Why can’t you go instead?”
“You are such a whiner! Besides, he’s not so bad! Unlike you—”
“Don’t compare me to that lemon,” he warned through gritted teeth. 
“Oh, you should give him a chance. You might grow to like him! Or, at the very least, respect him. Besides, this sounds important. I’ve never heard the HQ lady sound so angry.” Tenshi grimaced.
“Fine,” Pilot groaned, standing up. “I’ll take him. But you owe me one. Big time.”
“Sure, whatever,” said Tenshi, already picking up the comm to contact Andres. 
In a few minutes, they were heading to the hangar, Andres waiting for them in the doorway. Pilot tensed. Tenshi smirked. 
“You owe me,” he whispered out of the corner of his mouth. As they approached, Andres nodded at Tenshi, then turned and began walking towards the plane, avoiding niceties. Pilot shot Tenshi a look. She nudged him with her elbow. 
“Be safe,” she said, then paid her due homage to Vivian. 
“Always.” He patted his plane. 
No sooner were they out of the hangar than Tenshi received another comm from HQ. She braced herself as the same lady squawked in her ear. As soon as she hung up, she commed Pilot.
“Miss me?” he said.
“Change of plans,” she said. “You ready for this?”
“Yeah, hold on,” he said. She could hear him adjusting his instruments. “Okay, shoot.”
“Kandahar’s off,” she said. “Change course to Peshawar.”





Chapter 24
Emir and Zara had left Kandahar an hour ago. Fadil had seemed confused when they’d told him they had to leave right away, but he’d been happy with his bargain hunting in the market and was ready to go home. They had pockets full of money, thanks to Razban, and they had Zara’s dagger and a small bag of supplies, but that was all they really needed. Too much would just slow them down. They would take a plane to the border of Pakistan, to the Khyber Pass, where they would deboard and walk through, just like Emir had before. From there, Peshawar was very close.
Emir wasn’t sure how Zara knew which way they were headed, but she never faltered, and he never doubted her. Soon the airfield was in view. True to Razban’s word, it didn’t take long at all to bribe someone into taking them to the Khyber Pass. Once again, Emir was glad Zara was a fluent communicator in these parts, because most of these desert-dwellers didn’t speak much English. 
Soon they were on a small plane, Emir sitting beside Zara, watching her look out the window. Neither of them had ever flown before, but she did not seem as nervous about this as she’d seemed in the city. In fact, she seemed . . . bothered about something. Emir got the impression it wasn’t related to the plane or their mission. She was lost in her own thoughts, perhaps about Natara and Jabar, or something else they’d found out. He couldn’t begin to know which part was bothering her. Maybe all of it. He thought about how he should go about finding out. He figured they’d been through enough together that he could just ask her. Then he thought about saying her name, and about how he’d said Zara once instead of Zaharina and suffered her wrath for it. His lips quirked up. He was pretty sure he’d said Zara once or twice since then, but she either hadn’t noticed or hadn’t cared. He thought he’d try an experiment. 
“Zara,” he said softly.
“Hmmm?” she asked, turning her head to him slowly as if coming out of a trance. He grinned. “What?” 
“Nothing. I was just wondering what’s on your mind.”
She looked thoughtfully out the window again. “I was just thinking about your family.”
He raised his eyebrow. “My family?”
“Yes.” She turned back to him. “I was wondering how they might react. To me.”
Emir grinned widely and picked her hand up off her lap, intertwining her fingers with his. “They will love you.” He brushed her fingers with a kiss. She batted her lashes at him, then returned her gaze to the window. 
“You know that’s not what I mean,” she said, her voice low.
Emir’s face turned serious. “Zara,” he said, “you have not met my family. I know they will love you. They are the best of people.”
“I am sure of that,” she said. “But are they used to seeing people like . . . me?”  She looked at him earnestly, searching his face, and he knew his next words would count. He took a moment to choose them carefully. Then, he reached over and slowly removed her eyepatch. Her chest started to heave and she felt her pulse quicken, but she kept still and didn’t protest.
“You have scars, Zara, that make you who you are,” he said, tenderly touching the scars over her eye and her brow. “They make you beautiful. But not just your scars . . . it’s what’s inside that makes you beautiful.” He gently caressed her cheek. She leaned into his touch. “The fire in your eyes. The courage in your soul. Your compassion. Your intelligence. Your wit. Your spark. You think people look at you and see the scars, but that’s not what they are seeing. They see the fire. You are the Light, Zara, but that light can scare some people. Not everyone is afraid of the dark.” He had placed a finger under her chin to raise her face to his. Her eye lingered on his lips for a moment, then she turned away, still breathing hard, and settled herself back into looking out the window.
Emir pressed her fingers to his lips and gazed out the window with her for a moment. Suddenly, she spoke. 
“I want to blend in,” she said. Then, seeing the question in his eyes, she added, “with your family. I know the clothes I wear . . .   this . . .” she plucked at her robes, “this is outdated. I want to blend in with the modern clothes people are wearing in your city.” He made to speak but she stopped him. “I know people wear these things, too, but . . . I only wear them to hide my true style. I have modern clothes on under this. But I only have this one pair with me.” 
Emir’s eyebrows shot upwards. This was new information. In all the time they’d spent together, she’d never shown him her true style. “You have more clothes on? Wow. You must be hot under there.” Zara bit her lip, trying not to laugh, and his face flushed. “No, I mean . . . I mean, you are, but . . . oh, jeepers . . .”
“What?” Zara let out a laugh. Emir’s face lit back up, pleased to have made her laugh. 
“Jeepers,” he grinned. “It’s a thing my family says, instead of cursing. Like, fudge nuggets!”
Zara laughed again. Emir played with her fingers as he grinned and started spouting off fake curse words. “Holy rollers! Jimminy cricket! Corn nuts! Criminy! Fiddlesticks! Sufferin’ succotash!”  Each time he said a new word, Zara laughed harder, which encouraged him to think up another word. When he ran out of words and her laughter had died down, she wiped a tear from her eye. 
“Where did you get all those?” 
He shrugged. “Oh, you know . . . movies. Mostly Disney. Books. Old tv shows. And I mean ollllld tv shows. My family’s not rich, but one thing we all enjoy is old movies and shows. So we splurged. We got a great big entertainment system and all the movies we could collect. When we can’t go outside because we don’t feel safe, we sit in the living room and watch our old movies.” 
“Why don’t you feel safe outside?” Zara asked.
“Soldiers. And tanks. Sometimes they take up residence in our streets, and they like to push their weight around.” His face grew clouded, but it swiftly passed, replaced with a grin. “But I like to show them who’s boss.” He held up his fists in a fighting stance. Zara started laughing again and pushed him. 
“Yeah, right,” she teased, pushing his fists down. As she did, she leaned towards him. He took the opportunity to push up the arm rest between them and wrap his arms around her. She nestled into them, pulling them tightly around her and closing her eyes. He placed a kiss on the top of her head. 
“I’m glad you’re with me,” he whispered. 
“Me, too.” 
Gradually, the plane started to descend. Emir couldn’t believe he was thinking this, but that flight hadn’t been nearly long enough.
***
When they landed, it took them less time to go through the Khyber Pass than it had before. Holding hands, they simply walked through. No bandits accosted them, no guards were there to stop them, and nobody shot at them from the mountain. In an hour, they were through.
“You’re my good luck charm,” Emir said, grinning. 
They had roughly a nine-hour walk ahead of them and already it was almost dark. 
“We should get some rest,” Zara said. 
“Not a bad idea,” Emir said, though he was anxious to get home. They found a grove of trees away from the road to use for cover, a nice soft patch of grass to lay on. Emir lay on his back, hands behind his head, and gazed at the stars through the canopy of leaves. To his delight, Zara sidled up to him after they had lain down and rested her head on his arm. Within a few minutes, she was breathing deeply, asleep. He lay awake for hours, listening to the sound of her breathing, doubting whether he would ever get to sleep. He wondered if he even cared, since this was preferable to sleep, anyway. After a while, he drifted off, but only until the first rays of sun reached his eyes. 
Still, he did not move. His arm was tingling where her head had lain on it all night. He didn’t want to move it and make her head hit the ground. He thought about repositioning it and turning towards her, but felt like that might be getting too familiar. Somehow, it was different lying down than sitting on an airplane. He didn’t want to frighten her awake. 
As he lay there considering what to do, he heard something just beyond the grove of trees. A low hum, followed by what sounded like a hatch opening. He held his head up and looked in the direction of the sound. He could see nothing. Still, the low sound of men’s voices reached his ears. 
“Zara,” he whispered urgently. “Zara, wake up.”
“Mmbluh,” she murmured sleepily, rolling onto her other side. 
This time he shook her, propping up on his elbow, her head sliding off his arm and hitting the ground with a soft thud. She groaned.
“Zara!” he whispered more urgently.
“What?” she mumbled, forcing her eyes open. “I’m awake!”
“That’s good,” said a man’s voice in a British accent. “Because we need you to come with us.”
Emir looked towards the sound of the man’s voice. He and his companion stepped out of the shadows. He had shoulder-length hair, broad shoulders, and a scruffy face. He wore jeans and a dark sweatshirt with pushed-up sleeves, and appeared to be in his mid-twenties. He held a gun, but it wasn’t pointed at them. The second man was significantly smaller than the first, but looked older, with short hair, a slight build, and a clean-shaven face. He wore a light-colored, button-up shirt and dark business pants. Both men stood looking at them. The first looked bored, the other serious.
“Who are you?” asked Emir.
“I could tell you, but then I’d have to kill you,” the bored-looking British man said. Seeing the look on Emir’s face, he added, “Kidding. We were sent here to rescue you. That is, if you’re Emir Mahsood and that’s Zara.”
“Zaharina,” Emir said. “But, how do you know who we are?”
“Well, you fit the description. There aren’t many wandering couples of lovebirds out here in these parts, are there?”
“We’re not . . .” Emir said, checking himself. He glanced at Zara, who was watching intently. “We’re not wandering,” he said, changing direction. “We know where we’re going.”
“And where is that, pray tell?”
“Why should we tell you? You haven’t told us who you are, yet you seem to know who we are, sooooo . . .”
The man sighed. “Fine. If you must know, my name is Tom Jones, and that man is Jacques Cousteau.” 
“Pascal,” the other corrected.
“Whatever. We were sent here to retrieve you and bring you safely back to headquarters. We’ve been flying around looking for you for hours, which means I’ve been stuck in a plane with this prick” (he pointed his thumb at the other man, who bristled defensively) “all night, so if you don’t mind boarding our plane and accompanying us, I would be much obliged.”
“Are you with the UFC?” Emir asked. 
Tom Jones looked surprised, but answered, “Yes.”
“Who sent you?”
“The UFC.”
“No, I mean . . . who was your informant? Who told you who we were and where to find us?” He figured it could not have been Cyrus, since he would have told them her name was Zaharina, not Zara. Emir was sure he had called her Zara while they’d been at Razban’s house, though, so it must have been Razban. Also, he recalled giving Razban his full name on their way to the government complex. Besides, Cyrus didn’t know they’d left for Peshawar. Member of the UFC or not, Emir felt better knowing Cyrus did not know where they had gone.
Tom Jones rolled his eyes. “Look, I don’t ask questions. I just go where they send me, and they sent me to find you. Which I have done. Now can we please be on our way?”
“That depends,” said Emir. “Is your headquarters in Peshawar?”
“No.”
“Well, we need to go to Peshawar, so, no deal.”
“Aye, aye, aye,” said Tom Jones, rolling his eyes dramatically and slumping his shoulders. Jacques Cousteau-or-Pascal pressed his lips together in annoyance. “Fine. We’ll take you to Peshawar first. Happy? Then you can accompany us to headquarters, and everyone will be happy.” Emir eyed him apprehensively and he added, “Look, I don’t really care where you go. All I know is the people I work for seem to think you’re somehow important, like a matter of national security or something, and you must be protected and brought back to HQ at all costs, blah, blah, blah. I don’t know why. I don’t know anything. But it seems like you have your own agenda, so I’ll help you if you help me. Deal?” 
Emir’s eyes met Zara’s. He read her expression. She looked like she trusted them. Tom Jones sighed in exasperation. His partner shifted uncomfortably. Emir nodded. “Deal.” 
“Good!” said Tom Jones, feigning cheerfulness. “Right this way.” He led them to a hole in the sky. Literally. A hole with a rope ladder hanging out of it. Emir squinted his eyes to look closer and the form of a plane shimmered into view, but only barely. He shook his head in disbelief. 
A proud smile spread across Tom Jones’ face. “Isn’t she a beaut?” he asked. Then he gestured to the rope ladder. “After you.”
Emir gestured to Zara to go first, then began to follow her up the rope ladder. “Wait,” he said, stopping halfway up. “Is Tom Jones your real name?”
“Aye, aye, aye,” said Tom Jones, running his hand through his hair. 
“What? If we’re going to know we can trust you, you can tell us your real names. I mean, it’s not like you’re undercover anymore. You obviously know who we are, and we know who you belong to, so we’re pretty much in your little secret organization now, aren’t we? So tell us your real names.”
Tom Jones looked at Jacques Pascal, who was shaking his head almost imperceptibly with tight lips. After a few seconds, Tom Jones sighed. “Fine.”. Jacques sighed and threw up his hands. “I’m Pilot Winthrop, and this is Andres Fernandez.”
Emir narrowed his eyes. “Pilot is your name? Or your title?”
The man’s eyes looked they would shoot out of his face if he rolled them any harder. That seemed to be his trademark expression. “Pilot’s. My. Name!” 
Emir felt like he’d hit a nerve. “All right, all right! Touchy,” he murmured as he climbed the ladder. He gasped when he was inside. This plane was far different than the last plane they’d taken. It was much roomier and more luxurious, with screens and instruments everywhere. This must have cost a fortune!
“Is this your plane?” Emir asked. Behind him, he could sense the immediate change in Pilot Winthrop’s demeanor. 
“You like her, eh?” 
Emir could hear the wide smile in his voice.
“It’s . . . she’s . . . impressive!” Emir said genuinely, taking a back seat next to Zara. He noticed for the first time that she’d put her eyepatch back on while they’d been standing there talking. He met her eye and smiled.
“A man of good taste,” Pilot said, grinning as he climbed into his captain’s chair, Andres Fernandez clambering into the seat beside him. “He doesn’t appreciate her.” He pointed a thumb at Andres.
“No,” Andres sputtered, face reddening. “I just—” 
“He thinks she’s going to crash,” Pilot said, winking at Emir in his rear-view mirror.
Andres huffed. “It’s not that. I just—” 
“Oh, what then? You think I don’t know how to fly? Or are you scared of heights?”
There was obviously some bad blood between them, and Emir was starting to feel sorry for Andres. He thought perhaps a subject change was in order. The poor man did look tense and miserable as he clutched at his seat and a handle above the window.
“How did you find us?” Emir asked.
“Vivian,” said Pilot, patting the plane’s dash affectionately. “She’s brilliant, really. Equipped with all sorts of sensors. Like I said, not many people wandering around out in these parts alone. Most are with a camp. We found a few wild animals, but eventually she picked up something beneath those trees. We dove down a little closer and you weren’t hard to spot. Figured you’d have probably come through the pass, anyway.” 
“What if it hadn’t been us?” asked Emir, realizing even as he said it how stupid it sounded.
“Like I said, you fit the description.” Pilot nodded at Zara. “Oy, you haven’t said a word, have you? What’s with the eyepatch?”
Andres gasped, his head whipping towards Pilot. Emir felt heat rising in his face, but not from embarrassment this time. He looked at Zara, who had tensed.
“That is none of your business,” she said instinctively, face flushing.
“Woah, woah, woah,” said Pilot, raising his hands placatingly. Then he pushed a button and the engine roared to life. “No need to get all huffy. Just an honest question. Figured since we’re getting to know each other, I might as well acknowledge the elephant in the room.”
Andres made a strangled sound and covered his face with his hands. Emir wasn’t sure what to say. He didn’t want to embarrass her more by jumping to her defense, and felt that Pilot genuinely hadn’t been trying to offend her. He read her face, which was not angry, but resigned and slightly ashamed. She glanced at him, then back at Pilot.
“It’s okay,” said Zara. “I was little. My clan leader woke me in the middle of the night to take me on a raid. Against my will. Things went wrong, and . . . I got these.” She gestured to her scars. There was silence for a few moments. Emir had never heard her tell this story. His heart ached. He reached over and took her hand in his. Her lashes fluttered to his chest, then to his face. She looked at him gratefully.
Suddenly, Pilot said, “There! No harm done! That was easy, wasn’t it? Who’s next?”
Emir was actually starting to like this guy. He pulled up his pants leg. “Well, when I was little, I got this scar on my leg . . .” Zara actually laughed and pushed him. Pilot laughed, too. Andres seemed to relax, the corner of his mouth raised, and he regained his usual grips on the seat and wall handles. The plane lifted off the ground, and they were off.





Chapter 25
What would have taken all day to walk took a matter of minutes to fly. Emir could hardly contain his excitement at seeing his family. Nevertheless, a promise was a promise, so after they had landed he would take Zara to Rohilla market to buy some clothes so she could, as she’d put it, ‘blend in’. 
She took off her burka and hijab before they even got off the plane, and for some reason Emir was surprised to see that she’d been telling the truth. She’d been wearing jeans and a black t-shirt with “AC/DC” on it in red letters in front of some kind of elaborate wings that said “Black Ice” at the bottom. He raised his eyebrows and she bristled defensively, smoothing down her hair with both hands. “What?” 
“That looks . . . awesome,” he said. “You really did look hot under there.” She playfully punched his arm, looking bashful but pleased. He grinned. 
“All right, you two,” said Pilot, watching them in the mirror. “Settle down, now. We’re right here, you know.” He gestured to Andres, who blushed.
The ride had been enjoyable, once they’d gotten past the first awkward moments. Pilot had played music and entertained them all with animated stories of his adventures with Vivian. Even Andres had relaxed and let a few laughs escape, though he’d hardly spoken a word himself. Soon, the familiar sights of Peshawar were in view. Emir leaned over to look out the window.
“Where’s this house of yours?” Pilot asked. Emir could see the University. He followed the roads to the bakery, then to his neighborhood, picking out his street. He didn’t direct Pilot there, however. With the cloaking abilities of Pilot’s plane, he knew he could park pretty much anywhere he wanted. He pointed to the park next to the market. 
“There,” he said. “Park there.”
“You got it,” said Pilot, pointing the plane towards the grassy area. Emir was impressed with the soft landing. The last one had been pretty rough. In fact, this whole plane ride had been much smoother.
They deboarded the plane and Emir turned to Pilot and Andres. “Give us three hours. Then meet us at 1A, Sector K3, number 187. It’s a large house with a garage. On the corner of the block. You can’t miss it.” 
“And where will you be?” asked Pilot. 
“On a date.” Emir grinned, taking Zara’s hand. 
She beamed. Together, they walked off towards the market, leaving Pilot and Andres to fend for themselves.
“Three hours?” she asked teasingly, once they were out of earshot. “I won’t need that long to pick out clothes.” 
“I know. But you haven’t had a proper meal in days.”
“Razban cooked for us,” she pointed out. 
“Doesn’t count.” 
“I’d like to shower first.”
He sniffed her hair. She laughed and pushed him. “Nah, you smell great. Besides, half of the people in this town stink to high heavens.”
She laughed again. He felt like he was walking on air. He tried to feel the ground beneath his feet. Where was it?
“So, how many dates have you been on before?” Zara asked, her blue eye sparkling.
Emir pretended to think about it. “Hmmm. That’s a hard one. Just one.”
“One before this?” she asked, her voice faltering.
“No, this is my first.” 
She blushed and looked down at her feet. “Oh.”
“And how about you? How many dates have you been on?” Emir teased.
“Oh, you know. I lost count. The men were just lining up for dates in the desert. I had to take numbers.” 
It was his turn to laugh. “I like this side of you. I mean, I like all sides, but . . . I like your humor.”
“I know.” She intertwined her fingers with his. Emir had never felt so satisfied. 
They stopped several places to look at clothes. Zara was pickier than he thought she would be. At his suggestion, she shuffled disinterestedly through some dresses and some colorful shirts and pants. A rack of tie-dyes caught her eye, which surprised him. She didn’t strike him as the tie-dye type. Her eyes lit up when she found a red, black, and white one. 
“I’ll take it,” she declared happily. She chose a pair of ripped, white-washed jeans to go with it. Emir was enjoying watching her ‘true style’ reveal itself.
She skipped the booths with the typical ‘girl clothes’, stopping occasionally at booths with modern t-shirts and jeans. She thumbed through these deliberately, her brow furrowed, looking intently for specific items, then pulling them off the racks as she found them and tossing them across his outstretched arms. When she was done, she had a nice pile of jeans and classic rock t-shirts in her color scheme. She seemed particularly pleased with a black tee with “The Rolling Stones” scrawled in white letters and a huge red mouth with the tongue sticking out. 
“Isn’t that . . . Mick Jagger’s mouth?”  asked Emir.
Zara snorted a laugh. “Yeah.” 
He wondered how she knew Mick Jagger, then shrugged. Apparently, she’d been well-educated in the desert. 
When they were through shopping, he spotted a clock and was surprised time had flown by so quickly. Two hours had already passed, just perusing racks of clothes. Emir couldn’t remember ever enjoying shopping this much before. Or at all, really. 
“You hungry?” he asked, transferring all three shopping bags into one hand so he could hold her hand with the other. 
“Starving,” she said. 
“Would you like to pick something?” he asked.
She considered this. “Why don’t you?”
“Do you like seafood? Soup? Sandwiches? Pizza?” He paused. Her eye had widened. He followed the direction of her gaze to a small joint called Burgerzilla. “Burgers?” he asked.
“I’ve never had one,” she said. “I’ve heard about them. Jabar loved them. I’ve always wanted to try one.” She licked her lips. 
Emir smiled. “Burgers it is.” 
Burgerzilla was true to its name. Their burgers were huge and juicy, and Zara savored every bite. She had chosen one with cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and some kind of special sauce on a sesame seed bun, called the Monster Burger. It looked good so Emir had the same. 
They sat out front at a little round table where they could watch people shop. Zara seemed to have gotten past her initial culture shock of city life and was an avid people watcher. One lady looked at her strangely and skirted around them. Zara stuck her tongue out at her back as she walked away. She and Emir both laughed. Emir’s heart lurched in his chest again. Zara had changed so much, and yet, not really. She’d just . . . opened up. The fact that this girl had been inside there all the time made him even more awestruck, and he could feel his heart pounding out of his chest.
“What?” she asked, suddenly self-conscious. 
“Nothing. I just like watching you have fun.” He shrugged.
She dabbed at the corners of her mouth with her napkin, then her gaze rested on his chest. “Emir, there’s something I must tell you,” she said, reaching across the table for his hand. He leaned forward and gave it to her and she held it between hers, examining his fingers. His stomach flipped. She looked up at his eyes and held his gaze for a moment. “I can’t think of any better way to tell you this, even though I already mentioned it and I think you thought I was crazy, but . . . your chest actually does glow.”
“My . . . What?!”  This was not quite what he’d been expecting. Sure, she’d mentioned it in the desert, but he’d thought that was just the effects of sleep-deprivation or something. 
“I noticed it from the beginning. It didn’t do it all the time, just when you were experiencing . . . feelings.” She looked apologetic.
“Wait,” said Emir, looking down at his chest. “Is it doing it now?” He mumbled these last words with his chin pressed against his chest, trying to see. 
Zara bit her lip to smother a laugh. “Yes,” she said. “But not as brightly as it sometimes does.” 
“Well, I’m experiencing feelings now!”
Zara shook her head thoughtfully. “No, not that kind of feelings. Like . . . compassion, understanding, and luh—” she stopped herself. Emir was sure she’d been about to say ‘love’. She went on. “Like, the night you told me I was beautiful.” She gulped. “And when we were traveling to Kandahar. It seems like, whenever you feel . . . what the other person is feeling. Or when you have a surge of strong emotion. The good kind. The really good kind of emotion.” Emir sensed Zara was trying to tell him something more than just that his chest glowed. She was trying to compliment his ability to feel things, his innate gift of empathy. As bewildered as he was, his heart warmed at her expression of appreciation. 
Her face lit up. “Like, what are you doing right now? Not sitting here, looking at me, eating, but what are you doing . . . in here?” She reached across and touched his heart, which swelled again at her touch. She nodded and smiled encouragingly, as if he looked like he was catching on. “Yes, that!” 
“I . . . I guess . . . well, I guess, trying to understand you.” 
She nodded more vigorously. “Good!”
“Hold on,” said Emir. “Why hasn’t anyone else ever told me this?”
“I don’t know,” she said slowly, puzzled. “I think it’s because of what Razban told us. About me being the Light. And the chosen ones. I think . . . I think I’m the only one who can see it.”
He slowly processed what she was telling him as she patiently waited for it to sink in. 
“Wait, so you think I’m . . . I’m one of the chosen ones?” She nodded. He ran his free hand through his hair, readjusting himself in his seat. She made to release his hand, but he caught her fingers tighter. He leaned back in, placing his other hand on top of hers so she couldn’t pull away. 
“But . . . that’s impossible. That would mean I’m . . . that one of my parents is . . .”
“From outer space?” He gulped. “I know,” she commiserated. 
They sat in silence for several minutes. Suddenly, Emir pointed to a man sitting at a nearby table. “Does he glow?” he asked conspiratorially. 
Zara shook her head, her eye twinkling. “No.” 
He looked around and found a woman with a large topknot on her head. “Does she glow?” 
“No,” she said, biting her lip.
“What about that kid over there?” Emir pointed to a little boy with ice cream all over his face. “Does he glow?”
Zara laughed. “No, doofus!” She playfully yanked her hand back and slapped him over the head. He picked up a french fry and threw it at her. She threw one back. The man at the nearby table who was not glowing looked at them irritably. Emir grinned at him. The man looked away. 
“Excuse me,” said Emir. “Can you please tell us the time?”
The man looked at his watch. “It’s almost noon.” 
“Holy smokes!” said Emir. “Good gravy! Zoinks, look at the time!” Zara laughed and threw a few fries at his head before he grabbed the bags in one hand and pulled her up with the other. “Come on!” 
Like their lives depended on it, they ran through the streets of the market and neighborhood, laughing, the shopping bags swinging wildly. People shot them horrified looks and jumped out of their way. About a block from home, Emir slowed down, wanting to take in the familiar sights, smells, and sounds. This time of day, everyone was at school or work, so there were no kids playing on the streets. Emir knew he’d been here only a couple weeks ago, but he felt like a different person. He tightened his grip on Zara’s hand. “Almost there,” he said.
Zara looked content, but he could sense the undercurrent of nervousness. “Am I glowing now?” he asked her.
“Why?” she asked, grinning bashfully. 
“Because I can tell you are nervous, but you have absolutely nothing to worry about! My family will love you! Besides, you can take a shower before you meet anyone. No one will be home when we get there.” He sniffed his armpits. “I should, too, I guess.” 
“Ewww!” she said, pushing him away. They were laughing when they walked up to the house. Zara gasped. 
Pilot was leaning against the garage, legs crossed. “Nice to see you, too! You’re late.”
“That’s not why I—” said Zara. “I’ve just never seen a house this big before.”
“And we’re only a few minutes late,” said Emir. 
Andres picked himself up off the steps and held out his hand to shake Emir’s. “I see you went shopping,” he said, a mischievous glint in his eyes. It caught Emir off-guard. 
“Well, well,” Pilot chimed in. “Look who’s all chipper and talkative now!” 
Andres flushed and stepped back, sticking his hands in his pockets and allowing Emir to approach the gate to the prayer garden. Sinjab barked from within. 
“I hear ya, Sinjab!” Emir said, to which Sinjab barked even harder. Both goats started bleating. 
“Sounds like you have a zoo in there,” Pilot said, raising an eyebrow.
Emir scratched his head, trying to remember where his mom had hidden the spare key. He usually had his own. “A-ha!” he said, remembering. He bent down and felt around in a bush near the door. He found a small rock and pulled it out. It opened up to reveal the key. As he unlocked the gate, Sinjab jumped up, his huge front paws nearly knocking Emir to the ground, and began excitedly licking his face. Zara giggled.
When Sinjab was done licking Emir, he sniffed Zara, wagging his tail excitedly, then turned to Pilot and began barking. Pilot stepped back and held his hands up in surrender. 
“Down, boy,” said Emir. “He’s all right.” He noticed Andres hadn’t stepped through the door yet. He looked terrified standing there, hugging himself tightly. “Would you like me to put him inside?” Emir asked.
“Y-yes, please,” Andres stammered. 
“Come on, boy,” Emir said. He tried to step towards the door, but Dib and Dubb were eating his shoes. He shooed them away with his foot, his hands holding the shopping bags and Sinjab’s collar. He led Sinjab into the house and guided him upstairs to the bedroom, shutting the door. Sinjab started barking again. He felt guilty, but wanted his guests to be comfortable. Dib and Dubb were still at his heels. “I missed you, too,” he chuckled, patting their heads. 
He carried Zara’s bags down the hall to Jinani’s room and sat them on her bed. The room was mostly pink and purple, with flowers and butterflies everywhere. He smiled to himself as he pictured Zara using this room. She’d probably hate it.  
“All right,” he said when he got back downstairs. “You can all come in!”
Zara, Pilot and Andres filed into the entryway and looked around, impressed. He was most interested in Zara’s reaction. Her face was unreadable. “Do you like it?” he asked hopefully.
She looked at him, wide-eyed and speechless. She went to speak but no sound came out. She cleared her throat. “I mean . . . I’ve lived in a tent my whole life.” 
Emir grinned. This was answer enough. She definitely liked it.
Pilot had already made himself at home. He was sifting through the movies on the shelves, making a different face at each one. 
“Have you seen any?” asked Emir. 
Pilot shook his head. “No,” he said slowly. “But these look like they’re from the same era as my music, so they can’t be too terrible.”
“Help yourself,” Emir said, handing him a remote. “Zara and I are gonna go shower. I mean . . .” his face reddened, “not together, obviously.”
Pilot snorted. Zara pressed her lips together, suppressing a laugh. 
“Zara, you wanna . . . come upstairs . . .” Emir ran his hand through his hair and exhaled. “Oh, boy.”
She followed him up the stairs. When she saw Jinani’s room, she took in a breath. He’d expected her to hate it, but . . .
“It’s wonderful,” she said, sitting down on the bed and smoothing out the duvet. Her eye was glistening, with . . . tears? Emir crossed the room to her and she wiped her hand across her eye. 
“Awww,” he said, perplexed. “What’s wrong?” 
She laughed and sniffled. 
“Be right back,” he said, holding up a finger, then leaving the room. In a moment he returned with a box of tissues in hand.
“I always dreamed of a room like this,” said Zara, grabbing a tissue. “I once saw in a magazine a little girl’s room that was all pink and purple and . . . flowers . . .” She blew her nose, hard.
Emir’s heart was so full he was sure it was blinding to her right now. He sat on the bed next to her and put his arm around her. She rested her head against his chest. 
“I’m sorry,” she said, after a few moments. “This must seem so stupid to you.”
He shook his head. “Not at all,” he said, forcing down a lump in his throat. He kissed the top of her head. She looked up at him and he dabbed at her eye with a tissue. She laughed again.
“Let’s go get cleaned up and you can try on your new clothes,” he said, stroking her hair and brushing a few stray strands back out of her face. 
She nodded. “Okay.” 
Slowly, he stood and backed out of the room. “Will you be okay?” 
“Yes,” she said. “I will be fine.”
“Are you sure?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Really sure?”
“Yes!” she said, laughing.
“Okay, because I’m right down the hall. Holler if you need anything. Especially if you’re in the shower.”
She picked up a stuffed animal and threw it at him. “You’re awful!”
He jumped out of the room, laughing. A few seconds later, he stuck his head back in. “I’m serious. If you need—”
“GO. AWAY!” Zara laughed. He stuck his tongue out and practically danced all the way to his room, where he fell back onto his bed and stared up at the familiar ceiling. He sighed. It was good to be home. No . . . it was better than ever to be home, now that he had Zaharina in the next room. And with that thought, he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep.





Chapter 26
Zara had finished showering and changed into her favorite new outfit. She had gone downstairs, felt sorry for Sinjab, who had been barking periodically to remind everyone he was stuck in a room, and had convinced Andres to let her release him. He had sniffed everyone, barked a few times, and then decided he liked Pilot after all when he discovered his excellent scratching skills. Now they were all seated on couches, watching another Disney movie. Pilot had taken the center couch, straight in front of the movie screen. Andres was sitting cross-legged and cross-armed across from Zara, his back to the door, eyeing the dog warily. Zara was seated with a goat on either side of her, scratching both of their heads. While she’d been upstairs, Pilot had chosen the first in a series called Iron Man and seemed raptly entertained by it. He had scarcely looked up when she had come downstairs. 
Emir was taking forever getting cleaned up, apparently. Either that or he had fallen asleep, which was more likely. Zara had been downstairs for hours and Pilot was now on the second Iron Man movie, blurting out random comments and scooting to the literal edge of his seat. It seemed like a good movie, as far as movies went, but she found Pilot even more entertaining. She was reminded of how she used to huddle in Jabar and Abal’s tent with them, watching movies and other recordings from the twentieth and twenty-first centuries on a little mini screen they had. Theirs had been one of the richest and most well-connected families in the clan, and they’d been one of the only families with a generator and electronic devices. She couldn’t remember most of what they had watched. She’d always been more interested in the people she was spending time with than in what was on the screen.
Suddenly, the door burst open and two little girls, about eight and ten years old, came through it, jabbering and laughing until they looked up and saw three unfamiliar faces sitting in their living room, watching their movies. 
“AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!” one of them screamed, grabbing the nearest item, a shoe, and holding it back like she was about to throw it at them. 
Zara heard a THUD! upstairs. It sounded like Emir had just fallen out of bed. Pilot was up off the couch, facing the girls. His hands were raised placatingly and he was attempting to explain in a low, soothing voice that it was okay for them to be here. They were friends. Andres was turned towards the girls, his face chalky, and he was now hugging a throw pillow. Zara heard clumsy banging and thumping, and suddenly Emir emerged from the upstairs hallway, crashing sleepily down the stairs, rubbing both hands down the sides of his face. 
When the girls saw him, they immediately froze. It took a few seconds for them to register who he was. Then . . . 
“EMIR!” they both shouted, running over to him and tackling him on the stairs. The younger one hung from his neck like a monkey and the older one had both arms wrapped around his legs. He had closed his eyes and was trying to awkwardly wrap his arms around both of them at the same time. Unable to go anywhere else, he plopped down on the steps. 
Pilot let out a sigh of relief and plopped back down, resuming his movie.
Zara heard muffled sobs and sniffles, and the younger of the two girls cried into Emir’s hair, “Emir, where did you go? I missed you and thought you were gone forever!” 
He adjusted her on his lap and pulled the other girl closer to him, as well. He wrapped his arms around both of them, rubbing their backs. He seemed to be fighting back tears himself, and when he spoke his voice was thick. “I know, Jinani, and I’m so sorry. Can you both forgive me?” So, this was his little sister, Jinani, whom Emir also affectionately referred to as Jiji and Nani. Zara guessed the older one was their cousin, Yasmin. He buried his face in Jinani’s hair. Zara felt like she was intruding on something special, but found herself unable to look away.
 When both girls had finished crying, Emir stood with a grunt, hefting Jinani onto one arm and keeping the other around Yasmin’s shoulders. He walked to the long, middle couch and sat down next to Pilot, Jinani on his lap and Yasmin nestled in the crook of his arm.
“Where have you been, Emir?” Yasmin whimpered. “You smell bad.” She wrinkled her nose.
“He does not!” Jinani protested, wiping her nose on Emir’s shirt. 
“It’s okay,” Emir chuckled. “I know I do. I . . . um . . . fell asleep without taking a shower.” He glanced up at Zara sheepishly. She smiled, then cleared her throat and glanced away. She realized she’d been staring, unsure what expression had been on her face. Still, she couldn’t tear her eyes away for long. She felt a strange ache inside, like her heartstrings had been pulled too tight. 
Emir lay his head on top of his sister’s. “Jinani, Yasmin, these are my new friends, Andres, Pilot, and Zara.” He nodded to each one in turn, resting his eyes on Zara. When introduced, Andres nodded timidly, Pilot saluted drily, and Zara waved and smiled, trying hard to focus on the girls and not melt beneath Emir’s gaze. 
“Pleased to meet you all,” Yasmin said, looking around. She had composed herself, but Jinani still clung to Emir, shooting alternatively suspicious looks at Pilot and Andres and bashful looks at Zara. 
“What happened to your eye?” Jinani asked Zara innocently. For some reason, this didn’t bother her at all, although everyone’s heads turned to see how she would react.
“I got burnt when I was littler than you,” she said kindly.
“How’d you get burnt?” Jinani inquired.
“Well,” said Zara, “I was in a man’s house. He was holding a torch, and he got scared, and I got burnt.”
“Was he a bad man?” Jinani asked.
“No,” Zara said, smiling. 
“What scared him?”
Zara hesitated, unsure how much to tell, and Emir seized the opportunity to take the heat off of her. “The boogieman scared him, that’s who!” he said, tickling Jinani, who promptly forgot about her interrogation and started laughing. Yasmin jumped on top of him and in one swift move he had her flipped onto the couch next to Jinani and was tickling both of them mercilessly. 
The rest of the afternoon passed by pleasantly. Jinani and Yasmin had decided they liked Zara, as did the goats, so after they were done cuddling and playing tickle with Emir, they sidled up next to her, shooing the goats away. She couldn’t remember ever being cuddled by children. It felt beyond amazing. She caught Emir watching her, a pleased expression on his face.
“I like you,” Jinani told her. “You’re nice.”
Zara looked touched. “Well, thank you. I like you, too.”
“Me, too!” Yasmin said. 
Zara laughed. “Why, you are both so sweet!”
“Are you Emir’s girlfriend?” Jinani asked. 
“Nani!” Yasmin scolded. “That’s not nice to ask. Are you?”
Zara laughed again, looking to Emir for backup. 
“Hey, Jiji,” he said, “Why don’t you braid her hair?”
“Okay!” she squealed excitedly. “May I?”
“Of course!” said Zara. “I had an older sister who used to braid my hair, but I’ve never braided anyone else’s hair before. Maybe, when you’re done with mine, I can do yours?”
“Okay!” Jinani squealed again, and the two girls began braiding either side of Zara’s hair, filling her ears with their delightful chatter.
When Iron Man had ended, Jinani shouted, “Let’s watch Dumbo!”
“Dumbo?”  said Pilot.
“It’s a good one!” Emir said defensively, jumping up to retrieve Dumbo. 
They watched the movie, Pilot snorting and making comments the whole time like, “Right, an elephant that can fly,” and, “You said it, crows,” and, “Listen to the mouse,” and, “Catch the dern feather!” By the time the movie was done, Zara was pretty sure the girls had both warmed up to Pilot, too.
“You liked it, didn’t you,” Jinani accused him.
“No!” he said defensively. 
“Yes, you did! You liked it!” Then they both began taunting, “You like Dumbo! You like Dumbo!” Andres seemed to find this the funniest. He was covering his mouth with his fist, trying to hide his laughter, but his eyes were full of mirth.
The room was so full of life and laughter that no one seemed to notice the front door had opened until it had closed, then the whole room got quiet. A pretty woman in a flowing lavender dress stood there holding some grocery bags, frozen in her tracks, gaping at Emir.
He turned to her, his eyes full of emotion. “Hello, Mother.”
She dropped the bags she was holding, her hands shaking. Emir stood up, walked over, and embraced her. She let out a strangled sob and wrapped her arms around her son. At length, they let go of each other and realized everyone was watching. Trembling, the woman wiped the tears from her face. 
“Forgive me,” she said shakily, her eyes dancing. “You must be Emir’s friends. I am Liyana, Emir’s mother.” She stepped forward, extending her hand and introducing herself to Andres first, then Pilot, but all the while her eyes kept flashing towards Zara. When she came to Zara, she made to stand, but Liyana waved her back down. “No, no, I insist. You do not need to rise for me. It is I who should be rising to greet you. I’ve been waiting for the day my Emir would bring a young lady home. I just didn’t expect it to be today.” 
“Mother!” Emir chided good-naturedly. “I did not just ‘bring a young lady home’. Zara is special! She isn’t just any young lady.” His gaze rested on Zara, who felt her face turning a deep shade of crimson. 
Liyana’s eyes flitted between her son and Zara comprehendingly. Finally, she said, “Well, let’s not just sit here, looking at each other. Let us go into the kitchen, where I can cook you all a hot meal and you can tell me all about yourself!” The statement was directed at Zara, but Pilot and Andres rose, as well. Liyana told them, “If you like, you may stay in here and watch your movies. Just make yourselves at home!” It was clear she wanted only Zara and Emir to follow. Pilot and Andres sat back down as Liyana walked into the kitchen. Zara stood and Emir gestured for her to go first. 
Behind them, she heard Pilot clap his hands and rub them together. “Okay, what movie’s next?” he asked eagerly. The girls began shouting out movie titles. Zara smiled to herself as she walked out of the room.





Chapter 27
By the time she reached the kitchen, Zara’s palms were both sweaty and she had to wipe them on her jeans. She also had to keep stopping because one of the goats . . . Dib? . . . kept getting in front of her and trying to eat her clothes. This made Emir giggle giddily. The other goat was now lying on the couch getting its belly scratched by the girls. Zara had never felt so content, so surrounded by happiness in her life. So why was she suddenly nervous?
When they reached the kitchen, Liyana gestured for Zara to sit down. Emir sat beside her and scooted his chair close to hers. “I like your shirt,” he told her under his breath. She smirked. Then she stuck her tongue out at him, just for fun.
“So,” said Liyana with amusement. Zara realized she’d been watching the exchange and felt self-conscious. “Tell me about yourself, Miss Zara.”
“Actually, Mother, it’s Zaharina,” said Emir. 
“Oh, but you called her Zara,” she said, her eyes devilish.
“No, Emir, it’s okay,” Zara assured him. “Zara is fine.” She turned back to Liyana. “There is not much to tell. I was born in the desert. I have lived my whole life in a clan. We . . . traveled a lot.” She hesitated, not knowing what else to say. Liyana’s eyes traveled up to her eyepatch, but only briefly. Apparently, she either dismissed it as unimportant or filed it away for another day’s topic of conversation. 
“And how old are you, Zara?” 
“Sixteen.”
“And how did you meet my Emir?” 
“He . . . passed out.” She immediately regretted it, but she could not think of anything else to say.
Liyana made a surprised sound and Emir laughed at the same time. 
“Oh! So you rescued my boy? Well, I am in your debt then!” She winked at Emir. 
“I didn’t just pass out,” said Emir. “I was in the desert. I’d been ambushed. I had heat exhaustion!”
“He was a mess,” teased Zara. “You should have seen him!   He—” She bit her lip. “He was drooling!”
At that, Liyana sat down at the table. “Oh, this I have to hear. Cooking can wait.” 
“Well, if you ladies are going to make fun of me, I’m going to go take a shower since Yasmin says I stink.” He stood and winked at Zara, kissed his mom on the forehead, then turned and left Zara and his mother alone. Zara was surprised to find she didn’t mind. She began telling the story of her meeting with Emir, his mother listening raptly, her eyes lighting up at all the best parts. She left out the part about Emir’s chest glowing, the intimate parts, and basically all of the parts having to do with the UFC and the chosen ones. She figured Emir could help fill her in on the important stuff later. 
In return, Liyana told her funny, endearing stories about Emir growing up. Apparently, the story of his leg scar had involved him climbing a fence to rescue a stray dog. Zara wondered if Emir had ever done anything that wasn’t adorable in his entire life.
Talking to Emir’s mom was comforting, in a way. Something about her reminded Zara of Natara. She was accepting, warm, nurturing, full of wisdom, and seemed to see right through everyone and everything. It made Zara’s heart ache, but in a good way. She felt homesick, yet—at the same time—felt right at home.
When Emir returned, his hair was still wet and he was wearing a blue drawstring hoodie with plaid pajama pants. He flashed Zara a dazzlingly white, squeaky clean, playful grin as he sat down. Had he actually intended to make her heart stop? 
“Did I miss anything?” he asked. 
His mother spoke up, saving her from speaking until her heart resumed beating. “Zara and I have been bonding.”
He grinned wider and opened his mouth to speak, but just then two forms burst through the kitchen door. Two young men, both slightly older than Emir, stopped short when they saw him sitting there. One, presumably the older of the two, grew serious and looked like he might cry as he wrapped his arms around Emir in a warm, brotherly embrace. He tousled Emir’s hair affectionately with his knuckles as he pulled away, making way for the other brother, who had frozen in the doorway at the sight of Emir. The initial shock on his face had morphed into a wide grin, and he now tackled Emir in a bear hug, nearly knocking him backwards off his chair with an “oof!”
When the brothers had both taken turns hugging him, punching him on the shoulder and demanding to know where he had been, they joined them at the table and their eyes began darting to Zara. Just then, Jinani ran into the room and tugged on the older one’s sleeve. “Guess what!” she said. “Emir brought home a girlfriend! She’s really nice!”
Both brothers’ eyes widened and they reached across the table at the same time to shake her hand and introduce themselves. 
“GUYS!” said Emir, laughing. He tickled Jinani, who ran screaming back out of the room. “This is Zara. Zara, meet Anwar and Ashar, my brothers.” 
Zara shook their hands, mentally noting which brother was which and committing their features to memory. All three brothers bore a striking resemblance to their mother, and to each other. Emir was definitely the sweetest and best-looking of the three, at least in Zara’s eyes, though all of them were incredibly good-looking. 
Anwar, the oldest, wore his hair nicely combed back, in stark contrast to Emir’s messy, disheveled look. His eyes were black, sharp and calculating, while Emir’s were brown, soft and playful. His jaw was more square than Emir’s, and his beard covered more of his face, while Emir’s was just dark stubble along his jaw line. Ashar’s eyes were black and intelligent like Anwar’s, but they had a more impish glint in them. His face was the roundest of the three, and clean-shaven. Zara wondered if this was by choice or if his baby face was incapable of growing facial hair. His hair had a wind-swept look, and he was shorter and stockier than the others, though none of them were by any means short. Without standing him next to them, Zara could tell Emir was the tallest, as well as the most broad-shouldered.
“So,” said Anwar. “Where you been, little bro? We’ve all been worried about you!”
Emir looked around the table, his eyes resting the longest on Zara, who wondered how much he would tell them all. His eyes seemed to say he wished to tell them everything. This was his family. She would support him in whatever he chose to disclose.
Ashar grinned, noticing the silent understanding passing between them. “Ohhh,” he said. “Right . . . I see . . . you were running off with your girlfriend. ‘S okay, no judgment here.” He held his hands up in front of him. Anwar whapped him on the back of the head. “Ow! Hey!”
“Boys,” their mom gently scolded.
“Sorry, Mom,” they both said at the same time.
“Shut up,” Anwar said under his breath to Ashar. “Let the man talk.” Ashar glared at him.
“Go on, Emir,” Liyana gently coaxed. “Tell us all where you’ve been.”
Emir took in a deep breath, then started at the beginning. He told them everything, except the intimate details between himself and Zara, and left out anything personal that was only hers to tell. He looked at her for approval frequently throughout his story, and she could see his mother’s eyes following his gaze every time, reading Zara’s reactions. Strangely, Zara didn’t even mind. She could not believe how totally at ease she was. 
When he had finished, everyone was quiet, their faces serious. He had left out the important parts about the Lodestar and the prophecy and the fact that he and Zara were the chosen ones.
“So,” said Anwar. “Let me get this straight. There’s going to be a war, because Peshawar wanted something from Kandahar that they don’t have any more, and they think we stole it.” Emir nodded and looked down. Was that shame on his face? Zara’s heart ached for him. She went to reach for his knee, but his mom was reaching across the table for her son’s hands. Zara quickly pulled her hand back before anyone noticed. 
“Emir, you cannot blame yourself,” Liyana said softly. “You did what you had to do. You did your best. You risked your life to help our family, our people. You could not have foreseen how those men would react. It is out of your hands now.”
Anwar nodded his agreement and encouragingly patted Emir on the back. 
“But, that’s stupid,” Ashar complained. “Why would they attack us without any evidence?”
“How often in our everyday lives do we falsely accuse others without knowing the whole story?” his mother said. “It is human nature.” As she spoke, Zara watched her eyes. At the moment, they were like Emir’s, deep and soft and warm. Suddenly, Zara noticed something she could not believe she hadn’t noticed before. The headdress Liyana wore had a stone dangling in the center of her forehead. Zara had noticed it briefly but had not really looked at it. How could she not have noticed the glow? And then she remembered. That day by the tree, Emir had told her. His mother had a similar stone, he’d said. One that had always seemed like it was alive. In all the excitement, she’d forgotten. 
Her face must’ve given something away. Liyana looked at her questioningly. 
“I’m sorry,” said Zara. “I just noticed . . . that stone. It reminds me of something.” 
Concern flashed across Liyana’s face, but only momentarily. “Anwar, Ashar, could you leave Zara, Emir, and I for a while? I have something to discuss with both of them.”
Both looked slightly confused, but did not question her. “Sure thing, Mom,” said Ashar. They both stood to go, kissing their mom on the forehead and taking turns messing Emir’s hair and punching him on the arm again. 
“Night, little bro. Nice to have you back,” said Anwar. 
“Your girlfriend’s awesome,” said Ashar. “Congrats.”
Emir made a swipe at him, but he dodged it playfully and left the room.
When they were both safely out of earshot, Liyana became serious. “Now,” she said. “I think you both left something important out of your stories. And I,” she turned to Emir, “have left much out of yours. It is time that you learned the truth. About everything. But you must also promise to tell me the truth about everything. Deal?”
Zara and Emir looked at each other and seemed to come to a silent agreement. It would do no good to hold anything back from her. Not now that Zara knew he was a chosen one and his mom had the stone. “Deal,” they both said at the same time. He reached for her hand on the table, under his mother’s watchful eye, and held it in his own as they began to retell their story, leaving nothing out this time.
***
When they were finished talking, they all sat in stony silence, each lost in their own thoughts. The only movement was the rise and fall of their chests and Emir’s thumb gently rubbing the back of Zara’s hand. 
It had been revealed how Liyana had come from Alpha Centauri, best friend of the Council member, Rahmi. Rahmi’s stone had chosen Emir as a baby, the day he was born, as Zara’s mother’s stone had chosen Zara. Liyana had apologized for not telling Emir before, explaining how she’d tried to protect him from his destiny. She now realized, seeing that the universe had managed to bring him and Zara together despite all odds, that there was no preventing what destiny had decreed. The prophecy must come true.
Liyana now knew that Zara’s eyes glowed, and that she could see the stones and Emir’s chest glowing. She knew that Zara was the Light of the prophecy, that there were evil men chasing them, and that the UFC had found them and brought them here. They had also told her about the other chosen one somewhere in Africa.
After a while, Emir broke the silence. “I guess what we need to decide now is what to do next.” 
“First, the government must be warned. I can go to Yazan tomorrow,” Liyana said.
“And I . . . I must go to Africa,” said Zara. She looked at Emir, who nodded solemnly. 
“Yes, the other chosen one must be found.” Emir looked sad as he said this. He must have been thinking about their impending separation. She wondered if the thought of it brought him as much grief as it brought her. She wished he could go with her, but she understood why he could not. His family needed him. Still, she couldn’t help wondering who needed him more. Just because destiny or the universe or some alien prophecy or sheer coincidence had brought them together, and just because they’d become close in their short time together, didn’t mean that she had more of a claim on him than his family. But the thought of doing this without him . . .
“Excuse me,” she said, her heart in her throat and tears threatening to spill out. She pulled her hand away and left the table, avoiding Emir’s worried, puzzled eyes.
Before he could follow her, she walked into the other room, where Pilot still sat enjoying movies with the girls, the dog across his lap, Andres having fallen asleep on the couch with his arms crossed. The whole sight was strangely endearing. She sniffled, still fighting back tears, patted the goat who had followed her, and headed for the stairs. It had been decided earlier that she would sleep in Jinani’s room. 
Suddenly, a hand lay on her arm. She turned to see Emir’s eyes, full of concern. “Are you okay?” 
She nodded. “I’m fine. Just . . . really tired. I think I’ll go to bed, okay?”
She could tell he wasn’t convinced, but she didn’t want to let on how sad the thought of leaving him made her. She didn’t want to burden him any more than he already was by adding more worry about her. She would put on a brave front. She would be okay in public. She would keep her grief, her tears, private.
She forced herself to smile, making it look as convincing as possible. 
Emir smiled hesitantly and raised an eyebrow in that adorable, heart-stopping way he had. “Are you sure?”
“Mmm-hmm,” she said, nodding. Her voice was thick and she didn’t trust it. 
“Okay,” he conceded, “Goodnight.” 
She tore herself away from him, murmuring, “G’night,” as she trudged up the stairs, when what she really wanted to do was throw herself into his arms and sob her heart out. But the tears could wait. At least until she got to her room. 
As she reached the landing and walked down the hall, the voices from downstairs faded away, and Zara was grateful sound didn’t travel well through these walls and floors. This was a nice, solid house with an actual roof and a pink and purple bedroom and a family and pets and love. So much love and acceptance. And she was going to have to leave it. It was not meant to be hers. Neither was Emir. He may have been a chosen one, whatever that even meant, but he wasn’t intended for Zara. They’d been thrown together, and he was a sweet man with warm hands and warm eyes and a warm heart and unparalleled love for everyone, and she’d made it up the stairs, down the hall, into the room, shut the door, and now—for the second time in this long, amazing, impossibly wonderful and equally tragic day—she sat on that big, fluffy, flowery bed and cried.





Chapter 28
Emir sat on the couch with his feet up, absent-mindedly patting Dubb’s head and watching Pilot play games with the girls. They were engaged in a board game called Snakes and Vines, and the girls were laughing hysterically because Pilot’s token had just slid down a vine and he was throwing a mini adult tantrum. 
“WHAT? Not again! This game is rigged! Just when you get to the top, you go all the way back to the beginning! How are you ever supposed to make it to the treasure?!”
The girls rolled on the floor howling, clutching their bellies. Emir smirked. They would probably be calling him Uncle Pilot by the end of the day.
“Dinner’s ready, everyone!” his mother called from the kitchen. 
“YAY!” the girls yelled, running into the kitchen with shouts of “I get to sit by Pilot!” and “What? No fair! Oh yeah, well, I get to sit by Emir!”
“Settle down, girls, you can both sit between them,” his mother said.
“I’m by Pilot!”
“I’m by Emir!”
Emir stood, looking up the stairs. He figured he’d better go get Zara. She must’ve fallen asleep. At least, he hoped that was why she’d been up there so long. He’d been replaying their conversation in his mind, and he couldn’t for the life of him figure out why she had suddenly shut down and run off, unless it was because she didn’t want to leave because she liked it here. She’d looked like she was about to cry, which had broken his heart, leaving him listless on the couch for the rest of the evening while he waited for dinner. He’d wanted to go upstairs and comfort her, but it had been clear that she wanted to be alone. He wasn’t sure which part had made him more depressed—that she had been sad, or that she hadn’t wanted him to comfort her.
Slowly, he trudged up the stairs. “Be right there,” he shouted to the kitchen. He saw Andres startle awake. Oops. He’d almost forgotten Andres was there, snoozing on the other couch. The poor guy had a tendency to blend into the woodwork.
He reached Zara’s door and knocked softly. Hearing no answer, he opened it a tad and peeked in. She was asleep on her side, hugging a pillow. He stepped beside her and realized her cheek was tear-stained. Her eyepatch lay on the nightstand next to her. He hated to wake her, but she needed to eat. Gently, he laid a hand on her shoulder and sat down on the bed in front of her. Her eye blinked open. Hair was matted to her face, which he tenderly brushed aside, and he was pretty sure she’d been drooling onto the pillow. 
She groaned. 
“Dinner’s ready,” he said, attempting a smile.
She rolled onto her back and propped herself up, yawned, stretched, rubbed her eyes, took in her surroundings, then reached over, grabbed her eyepatch and put it back on. Emir’s heart squeezed. This tiny act sent him the message that she was closing herself off to him, and he had no idea why. 
“Okay,” she said groggily. “I’ll be down in a minute.”
“Okay,” said Emir. “I’ll go wait for you then.” He stood and backed out of the room awkwardly, giving a tiny wave, which felt stupid, and retreated down the stairs.
When he reached the kitchen, he found everything laid out already. The girls had assigned everyone seats, with he and Pilot on either side of the two of them and Zara at the end of the table next to Emir. Andres was on the other side of the table by himself, looking awkward, and Anwar and Ashar had left hours ago for the pizzeria. He knew their schedule was hectic, and he felt a twinge of guilt knowing his absence had added to their stress, as they’d had to fill some of his shifts at the bakery, too. They worked so much, it was no wonder neither of them had a girlfriend yet.
He took his seat, forcing a smile, and kept his eyes on the door. When Zara appeared, his heart lurched painfully. She had washed her face and tied her hair back in a loose ponytail with one of Jinani’s red ribbons. Somehow, it made her eye look bluer, her lips a deeper red, and her cheeks still had that flush in them from having just woken up. He swallowed, pulling out the seat next to him, flashing her the brightest smile he could. She smiled hesitantly, pretending not to have noticed the seat thing, and chose instead to take a seat next to Andres, across from Emir. 
Emir’s heart fell to the floor, his face falling with it. He tried to get her to look at him so he could mouth, What’s wrong?, but she was purposefully avoiding his gaze. He slumped down in his seat and began stabbing the table with his fork.
“Mom! Emir’s doing the fork thing again!” Jinani said. Apparently, his ‘returning hero’ status had worn off and he’d regained ‘older brother that needs to be tattled on’ status. 
He put down the fork, shot a sideways look at Jinani and mussed her hair. She stuck her tongue out at him. He tickled her and she started giggling. He caught a glimpse of Zara looking at him and smiled bravely, but she quickly looked away. What was going on here?
Emir’s mother approached the table with platters of food and Andres rose to help her set them down. 
“Why, thank you,” said Liyana. “Everyone help yourselves!”
The food looked and smelled wonderful, but Emir wasn’t in the mood. He just stabbed at the food on his plate absent-mindedly, moving it around until he caught his mother looking at him and forced himself to eat. He didn’t want to hurt her feelings or get a lecture about being wasteful. And it was delicious. He noticed that Zara was eating hers, which made him feel hopeful. At least she had an appetite. Maybe he’d imagined everything. Maybe she’d just been tired and hungry, and felt sorry for Andres sitting by himself. The poor guy had seemed to perk up a bit when she’d taken the seat beside him.
Emir made several more attempts to engage her attention, but to no avail. She became lively engaged in conversation with everyone else, but resolutely avoided him. He felt invisible. Eventually, he gave up and resumed staring straight ahead and stabbing his food. His mother probably wouldn’t notice anyway.
Finally, the conversation died down. Emir had no idea what they’d been talking about. He hadn’t heard a word. Zara dismissed herself and stood to go. Emir shot up, drawing everyone’s attention to him. 
“Oh, look, he is alive!” Pilot said sarcastically.
“Yeah,” said Jinani. “He was just sad because his girlfriend didn’t sit by him.”
Emir felt his face flush. Zara looked at him . . . apologetically? Then her face flushed, as well, and she looked down and turned to go. He saw his mom eyeing him with pity, which made him feel worse. Oh, well. He was the center of attention now. Might as well give them all something to watch.
“You going to bed?” he asked Zara.
All eyes turned to her. She looked around like she’d been trapped into conversation. “Um, yeah.”
“Oh, I’ll come with you then!” 
“Ooooohhh,” Jinani said accusingly, like she’d caught two kids kissing on the playground.
“No, I mean,” he backtracked, running his hand through his hair, “I won’t . . . go to bed with you. I’ll go upstairs with you.”
“Oh,” said Zara, unable to think of a way out of it with everyone watching. “Okay.”
He felt like he’d won something. Not much, but something. At least he’d have a moment alone with her.
He followed her upstairs, feeling her apprehension and nervousness, and they stopped outside her door. “What’s up?” he asked somewhat defensively as soon as she turned around. He hadn’t meant it to come across that harshly. She bristled.
“Nothing,” she said.
“Well, then why are you avoiding me?”
“I’m not avoiding you. You’re here right now, aren’t you?”
“No, I mean, why didn’t you want to sit with me at dinner?” He couldn’t keep the hurt from flashing across his face.
She softened. “Emir, it’s not like I’m your girlfriend.”
“What? You’re not? I mean, I thought—” his head was reeling.
“I guess not. You couldn’t even tell everyone I was when they were all asking,” she said, assuming a defensive stance. 
Wait . . . so that’s what this was about? 
“Well, I just didn’t know if you wanted . . .  I mean, obviously I do . . . but, I didn’t want to force you into anything.” He reached down and lifted her fingers in his. “Zara, I’m truly sorry if I hurt your feelings. If you want me to, I’ll go down there right now and proclaim to the world that you’re my girlfriend even though . . . you’re more to me than a girlfriend . . .”
“Emir, that’s not—” she pulled her hands away, flustered. “Your family. Everyone’s so nice. But . . . I know I don’t belong here. You do.”
“What do you mean you don’t belong here? Because everyone’s nice? But . . . you’re nice, too! You’re one of the nicest—” 
“Gah!” Zara stomped her foot and threw her hands up. Emir stepped back, baffled. He’d never seen her like this.
“Zara, I’m trying to understand.”
“I know!” she said. “But you can’t understand! Even though you have this . . . amazing gift . . .” she gestured exasperatedly at his heart, “you will never understand what it’s like to be completely alone. To have no one. Because, at the end of the day, you’ll have your family. You will be sad for a while, but then you will forget about me, because you have them. But I . . . I will never forget about you.” Her eyes were turning red and a tear escaped, which she angrily wiped on her shoulder. 
Emir pinched the bridge of his nose. He was getting a headache trying to keep up. He rubbed his face. “Okay, let me get this straight.” Zara huffed. “So, you’re telling me,” he went on, “that you’re upset . . . because I have a nice family . . . and you think, in the end, I’ll still have my family, and you won’t, and I’ll just . . . forget about you?” He didn’t mean to sound so sarcastic, but what she was insinuating was truly ridiculous. How could he ever forget about her? Did she truly think he was ever just going to abandon her and leave her all alone? “Zara—” He reached out.
“Don’t,” she said, choking back tears as she backed away. “Emir, I’m sorry. I told you, you can’t understand. I’m going to bed.” And, with that, she went into her room, shutting the door behind her. 
Emir slid down the wall and sat looking at her door for a long time, listening to her muffled sobs, his heart aching. What had gone so wrong? Finally, he realized she wasn’t coming back out. Her sobs had subsided and her room was silent. He stood up, making his way slowly back down the hall. He passed Jinani and Yasmin. 
“G’night, Emir,” Jinani said. “Mom says we have to go to bed. I’m so glad you’re back.” She jumped up and hugged him tightly around the neck, kissing his cheek.
“Me, too,” he said. 
“Me, three,” said Yasmin brightly, hugging his waist. 
Then Jinani kicked his ankle before running off down the hall. “That’s for leaving!” she yelled. 
He sighed, rubbing his ankle. Women. Feeling abused, confused, and dejected, he made his way back down the stairs.
***
When he arrived in the kitchen, his mom was waiting for him at the table. She’d already made him a cup of hot chocolate. How did she always know just what he needed?
“Thanks, Mom,” he said, plopping down across from her. He sipped his drink and stared at the table. 
“Why the long face?” she asked, reaching across the table to stroke his cheek. “You were so happy earlier.”
Emir sighed. There was no use trying to hide anything from her. She knew him far too well. “It’s Zara,” he said. “I just had the strangest conversation with her. I don’t get it! How could she be so . . . happy . . . one second, and then the next, she’s . . . completely miserable?”
His mother gazed sympathetically at him. “Emir, you need to remember that Zara has lived a much different life than you. You have been thrown together over the past week or so, and it probably has seemed like forever. I can see that you two have grown close, and I like her. I’m happy for you. But you come from two very different backgrounds. She has been through a lot. She is probably overwhelmed. From what she said earlier, it sounds like this is the first time she’s truly experienced a home, a family. Maybe she just needs some space.”
“But it’s more than that, Mother,” Emir protested. “You should have heard her. She sounded like she thinks I am going to abandon her or something when this is all over.”
“Maybe that is what she’s afraid of. After all, what kinds of men has she known?”
It pained Emir’s heart to consider that Zara could possibly think he was that kind of man. Still, his mom had a point. Maybe Zara just had trust issues that had nothing to do with him. Maybe being here had somehow triggered them. Still, that just didn’t seem right.
“Emir,” his mother said gently. “Perhaps she just needs some space. She seems like an intelligent girl. I cannot imagine her wanting to stay away from you for long.” Emir snorted in derision. 
“Also, she is still very young,” his mother continued. “You will need to be patient. It is easy to forget how young she is because life has forced her to grow up too quickly. Let her feel like a girl for a while. Let her experience . . . how do you young people say it? . . . teenage drama.” She smiled and Emir let out a little laugh. “She will come back to you, my love. How could she resist?”
He stared thoughtfully ahead for a moment, his mother’s words somewhat bolstering his spirits. 
“I hope you’re right,” he said. He looked at her gratefully, meeting her gaze. “Thanks, Mom,” he said meaningfully.
“Any time,” she said. Just then, Emir’s father, Danyal, came through the door. His face lit up immediately when he saw Emir. 
“Emir, my son, my son!” he cried, spreading his arms wide for Emir to fall into them. “Where have you been? You have worried us all so! Don’t worry about the store,” he said dismissively, anticipating Emir’s apologies. “I had your brothers fill in, and your mom took some of your shifts, and your uncles and cousins filled in here and there. Not Aman, though he offered . . . but you know how he is with baking. Anyway, we made do, but, oh, did we all miss you! Welcome home, my son!” His eyes twinkled as he patted Emir on the back, and he rubbed the bridge of his nose and squinted as if he were staving off tears. Emir had to rub the dampness from his own eyes. 
“Sit down, my love, and let us spend time with our son,” Liyana said joyfully, rising to get a cup for her husband.
“So, Emir,” said Danyal, sitting down beside him, his hand on his knee. “Tell me, where have you been? I want to hear all about it! Tell me about your travels!”
Emir proceeded to tell his father the basics of where he’d gone and for what reason. His mother, Zara and he had decided not to share too much information with the rest of the family since the less they knew, the safer they were. He kept glancing at his mother for approval and encouragement. When he was finished, his father leaned back and said, “Wow.”
Just then, Zara shuffled into the kitchen, her hair a mess. He could tell she’d been asleep, but she was wearing her eyepatch. She must have put it back on to walk through the house. Seeing them all sitting there, she started to back out of the door, but Emir stood, his mother looked up and smiled, and his father turned and said, “Why, hello, my dear! You must be Zara!”
“Zaharina,” Emir muttered, gulping and looking at her hopefully. She looked at them all bashfully as his father took her hand and pulled her over to the table. 
“It’s okay, Zara’s fine,” she murmured. Danyal pulled her down into a seat, where she sat looking uncomfortable. 
After a few moments of silence in which Danyal grinned expectantly, Liyana sipped her cup knowingly, Emir gaped foolishly, and Zara shifted awkwardly in her seat, Zara said, “Well, I just came in here for a cup of water. I’ll let you get back to—” 
“Nonsense!” Danyal boomed. “You must stay here and talk to me! Emir has never brought home a girlfriend before! I want to get to know you!”
Zara’s face flushed and she looked at Emir, who felt like he wanted to sink into the floor.
“Will you get this poor dear something to drink, my angel?” Danyal asked Liyana.
“I certainly will, my love,” she said. Then, to Zara, “Water or hot chocolate?”
“Water, please.”
“Oh, that’s because you’ve never tried my wife’s hot chocolate!” Danyal intervened. “Get her some, Liyana, and she’ll never come here and ask for water again! My Liyana’s sweets are in demand at the store, you know?” 
“I did know that, actually,” she admitted, shooting a glance at Emir. He perked up, trying to read her expression. She hastily looked away.
Their conversation continued well into the night, which consisted mostly of Danyal asking questions and Zara answering them. How old was she? Where was she born? Who was her family? What did she do for fun? His eyes nearly popped out when she told him her main hobby was sword-fighting and Emir backed her up, making sure his dad knew just how good she was. 
Finally, their eyes grew heavy and they all started acting loopy, so Liyana suggested they all get to bed. 
Zara stood bashfully. “Well, goodnight, everyone. It’s been wonderful meeting you,” she said to Danyal. He took her hand again, eyes twinkling, and kissed it. 
“My pleasure, dear,” he said, shooting Emir an impish look that Zara picked up on. 
“Please, let me accompany you upstairs,” Emir begged, looking at her hopefully. 
She seemed to consider this. “Okay.” Then, to Liliya, “Thank you for the wonderful hot chocolate. It really is the best.”
“You’re welcome, Miss Zara,” said Liyana, smiling.
Emir, once again, followed Zara up the stairs, feeling much more optimistic than last time.
When they got to the top of the stairs, Zara turned and looked at him bashfully. “Well, goodnight.” She turned to walk away.
Emir touched her fingers. “Wait. Zara, I—” 
“Emir, please,” she said, her lashes fluttering. “Don’t. It’s better this way. Believe me.”
“But Zara, I want—” Emir began to protest.
“And I want that, too,” Zara said earnestly, trying to make him understand. “But, I can’t have this right now,” she said, her eye darting around at the walls and then back at him. “I’m sorry. I really am. But I have to focus on what I have to do, and what I have to do isn’t . . . this.”
Emir felt like he’d been shot. 
“I’m sorry,” she said, pulling her fingertips away from his. “Goodnight, Emir.”
And she walked away, dragging Emir’s battered heart behind her.





Chapter 29
Emir tossed and turned all night. By the time he finally got to sleep, it was almost five o’clock in the morning. He slept for three hours, then woke up in time to see Jinani off to school. Pilot had risen before him and was sitting at the kitchen table learning how to do origami and teaching the girls some Chinese words.
“Okay, so you fold it this way?”
“Yep! This one’s gonna be a swan! How do I say it?”
“Tiān'é,” said Pilot. 
“Tiangool?” asked Jinani. 
“Ti-an-goooool,” attemptedYasmin.
Pilot laughed. “Hey, that’s pretty good! You girls are naturals!”
Emir joined them at the table. 
“Good morning, sunshine!” said Pilot. “You look like you slept well.” 
Emir grunted, then laid his head down on the table. 
“Pilot can speak a whole bunch of languages,” said Jinani excitedly. “And he’s gonna teach us ALL of them!”
“Welllll . . .” said Pilot. “I’ll do what I can. But it would take years to learn that many languages, and right now we only have a few days.”
“I fot you shed you wanna goda heckorders,” Emir mumbled, his face pressed against the table.
Pilot looked at him and cocked a brow. “Pardon me?”
“HECKORDERS!” Emir whined. Then he forced his head off the table. “I thought you said you wanted to go to headquarters.”
The girls giggled. Emir let his head fall back onto the table.
“Ah,” said Pilot. “Yes, well, I don’t think there’s any big hurry. I thought we could stick around here for a little while. Maybe a few days. Besides, it’s only Zara that I really need. You’re free to stay here as long as you like.”
Emir groaned. “Fanksha WOT.”
The girls giggled again. 
“What was that?” asked Pilot, but Emir got the feeling that he’d understood him perfectly and was just goading him.
He raised his head again. “Thanks a LOT.” Then he laid it back down facing the other way.
“Emir, sweetheart,” his mother said, entering the kitchen. “I’m going to go to Dr. Kakar’s. Did you want to come along?”
He propped himself up on his elbows, his hands buried in his hair, holding his head up. “Where’s Zara?”
“She and Andres skipped out early,” said Pilot. “Sorry, lover boy. You were too slow.”
Emir groaned again. “Where did they go?”
“Oh, it seems neither of them were able to sleep,” said Liyana. “They both woke up early and left to go see some sights.”
“Oh,” Emir said, letting his face fall back on the table. 
“Emir, dear, you really should come with me,” she said. “It would do you some good to get out a bit and breathe some familiar air. You and Zara just need space from each other. I’m sure all will be well this afternoon.”
“Fine,” said Emir, dragging his head back off the table and sitting up to eat some toast his mother had just given him. “What’re you gonna do?” he asked Pilot.
“Oh, I’ll probably ramble into the city, get some Pilot time, meet some more beautiful ladies,” he said, winking at Jinani and Yasmin, who both blushed and burst into a new fit of giggles. “Or, maybe I’ll just stay around here and practice origami.” 
“Can you walk us to school?” Yasmin asked hopefully. 
“I don’t see why not,” Pilot said, to which both girls cheered and hugged him around the neck.
Emir smirked to himself. It seemed like the Pilot fan club had been formed in this kitchen. “I’ll go get dressed,” he told his mom, not hungry for toast.
In a few minutes he was ready and the two of them were on their way to see Dr. Kakar. He was honestly not sure what day it was, but he thought it was probably a school day, so Dr. Kakar would be in his office. At least they wouldn’t have to walk all the way to the main campus. 
Emir and his mother had only walked two blocks before they saw the first of the tanks and soldiers. This made Emir’s skin crawl, but it wasn’t a huge surprise. A few blocks later, they saw more of them. He and his mother exchanged looks and picked up the pace. It didn’t take long to realize the streets of Peshawar were saturated with military presence. What was more, the soldiers, who normally taunted and teased, were solemn and serious and seemed to be on high alert. 
Emir and his mother did not speak a word all the way to the school. He was grateful that Pilot was walking the girls to school. He worried about Zara, although he figured he should be more worried about Andres. Zara, he knew, could take care of herself. Still, the thought of Zara being taunted by soldiers made his blood boil.
When they got there, Dr. Kakar was not yet in his office. 
“We’ll wait,” his mother told the receptionist, a nice lady who knew Emir by name from the many times he’d been in there visiting various professors.
“How are you, Emir?” the woman asked. 
“Very well, Ida,” Emir said. “And you?”
“Not too bad, myself,” said Ida, though she seemed strained. Perhaps the increased security had her on edge, as well.
As they waited, a familiar female face walked through the door and approached the desk. It took Emir a minute to place where he knew her from, though she kept looking coyly at him as she spoke to the receptionist. Suddenly it hit him. She was the girl with the ponytail from Dr. Kakar’s class. He’d only seen her a few times before he’d left. She was wearing her hair differently this time. It struck him that she wasn’t nearly as cute as he remembered. He wondered what he’d been thinking before. Why had he flirted with her, exactly?
The girl looked disappointed. She took the seat across from him and pouted, making him squirm uncomfortably in his seat. He pretended not to recognize her. Finally, Dr. Kakar came in. He stopped, his eyes wide, when he saw Liyana and Emir sitting there.
“Hello, hello,” he said, shaking both of their hands vigorously. “Come in!” Then he ushered them into his office.
When the door was closed, he turned to them nervously. 
“What is going on out there?” Liyana asked. “We came here to give you information, but perhaps you already have it.”
Dr. Kakar looked sad and exhausted. “If it was about Kandahar thinking we stole the object, then, sadly, yes. We already know. The military has been activated and is on high alert, as you probably noticed, judging by the manner of your greeting. Nevertheless, that is not the threat you need to be worried about right now. I was going to call you as soon as I got back here, but, since you’re here . . .”
“Do go on,” said Liyana, her jaw tense.
“I was just in a meeting,” said Dr. Kakar anxiously. “Apparently, two men came in . . . well, not in here, but into the capitol building . . . yesterday, or the day before, I believe. I am really not sure which. I believe it was yesterday.”
“Go on!” Emir and his mother said in harmony.
Dr. Kakar startled. “Very well, then, as I said, they came into the capitol building, demanding . . . well, they think Peshawar is harboring . . . oh, dear . . .” he glanced at Emir as if he weren’t sure what he could say in front of him.
“If you’re worried about my son hearing, you needn’t worry. He probably knows more than you do at this point,” said Liyana.
“Oh, very well, then, they believe that Peshawar is harboring the Light. They have reason to believe the Light is here, according to some informant from Kandahar. Now, why they think this, or how they would know this, if it is true, is beyond me. But they believe this, and they made . . . threats . . . if we don’t turn this . . .            person . . . over to them.”
“Did they give a timeline?” Emir asked urgently.
“If they did, I don’t know. I don’t know all the details. But I believe—if these men are who I believe they are—we are in grave danger, indeed. If the Light is here, they must not find him or her. They believe it is a female, so I will say her. I did not get a name. Like I said, I do not know all the details, but—” 
“Thank you,” said Liyana sincerely. Emir stood running his hands through his hair anxiously, pacing back and forth. “You have been helpful enough. I know it is at great risk to you that you divulge this information. One more thing, if you will, and we will be on our way. You said you think you know who these men are. Do you think they are Loyalists?”
Dr. Kakar stared at her for a moment. Finally, he said, “They were brothers. Both tall. One dark-haired, and one light-haired. They refused to give their names, but they seemed . . . important.”
Liyana gasped. Emir looked questioningly from one to the other, but he didn’t understand the significance of this information. 
Liyana shook Dr. Kakar’s hand. “Thank you,” she said graciously. “Come, Emir. We must away.” And with that she turned on her heel and left.
***
“The brothers?” Emir asked when they were on their way. He spoke in low tones so as not to be overheard. 
Liyana shook her head adamantly. “Not here. Not now,” she said. “We must be in private.”
She walked home so briskly that, even with his long legs, he had to nearly jog to keep up. When they had reached the house, she looked both ways before opening the gate, presumably making sure they hadn’t been followed and weren’t being staked out.
As soon as they were in the house, she began running from room to room, checking to make sure they were alone. Emir found this highly disconcerting. When she was done, she returned and sat him down on the couch. She began talking rapidly.
“The brothers, Seth and Alastar, were two of the most powerful members of the Centaurian Council. They were from the richest family on our planet. They began to get power hungry. Well, Seth did, anyway. He began drawing people after him, turning them from the free government, wishing to place him on a throne as their king. He was very cunning, very flattering. He promised riches and power to those who would follow him. In a very short time, he had gathered a small army of followers, known as Loyalists. 
“His . . . cause . . . gained popularity so quickly that the rest of the Council was worried. They knew that Seth wanted the Lodestar for himself, to control it. The Council received the prophecy you heard about. You already know what happened next, how they brought the Lodestar and its life force to Earth and scattered it out on the planet, so even if Seth could find part of it, he would never control it all. The Light would find it instead—all the pieces, all the chosen ones—and when that happened, these chosen ones would have all the power of the Lodestar in their hands. The power to defeat the Loyalists, return the Lodestar to where it belonged, and unite the peoples of Earth and our planet in the cause of freedom, restoring peace to both worlds. 
“These chosen ones would be the greatest defense . . . the only defense . . . against Seth and his followers. They are incredibly strong and powerful. They have already ravaged their home planet—my home planet—with warfare, enslaving its people, destroying their homes and exploiting their resources. They will not hesitate to do the same thing here. They must never get the Lodestar, its life force, the Light, or any of the chosen ones. Fortunately, they do not know what they are looking for. They know only that the chosen ones will be powerful . . . more powerful than any of them. True, they have powers, but their powers are all the same. These powers belong to all people from our planet, to varying degrees, but are mainly exercised by the evil ones. Not only can they manipulate the world around them with their minds, but the truly powerful can control the actions of the weak-minded.” She shivered, as if remembering something. “I have seen this happen. I would never, ever use this power. However, they will, and they have before. These brothers, Seth and Alastar, are extremely powerful. They must not be underestimated. Ever. They are twins, both tall, one dark-haired, and one light-haired. Emir, do you understand what I’m telling you?” She placed her hands on his arms and held him firmly, her eyes piercing into his. 
“Yes,” said Emir, cloudy-eyed. “Zara must not be found. She must disappear today.”





Chapter 30
Pilot sauntered through the streets of the marketplace. He wondered why there were so many tanks. He didn’t recall there being this many yesterday, when he and Andres had wandered around aimlessly as Zara and Emir had gone on their little date. Three hours with Andres, wandering around, had been torture. He couldn’t imagine actually wanting to wander around anywhere with that wet blanket. All he could figure was that Zara must have really wanted to get away from Emir. Sheesh. Teenage drama. He didn’t miss that at all. He wondered what poor Emir had done. He was obviously miserable. Pilot had never been that miserable over a girl. No wonder HQ wanted him to bring her in. She must be something really special.
Tired of walking around looking at stuff, he decided to grab a bite to eat. He secretly not-so-secretly wished those little girls weren’t in school today so he could hang out watching movies, playing games, and making origami with them. He liked how they laughed at everything he did and hugged him around the neck with their little arms. He’d never been hugged by a little kid before. It made him feel weird, but good weird. He made a mental note not to tell Tenshi. He’d never live that one down.
He saw a cute little cafe with a bright pink sign, a pastry shop, and a soup and salad joint. Then he noticed someone eating shawarma outside a small restaurant. His mouth started watering. He had developed a taste for shawarma some years ago and could not get enough of it. He stepped in, placed his order, and then took his food outside to eat it while he watched people.
“John? John Smith?” A woman’s voice spoke behind him, but he paid no heed as he ate his food. Suddenly, he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned to see a familiar face and his heart sank. A curly-haired ginger with pale, freckled skin and too much gaudy jewelry stood there looking at him expectantly. He’d known this woman, but he couldn’t remember where. Which meant he couldn’t remember her name, either. “John Smith,” she said again, smiling, as if she were telling him his own name. 
“Riiiight,”  Pilot drawled. “I’m sorry. Do I know you?” He figured he’d just play dumb and maybe she’d give up and go away. Why did he have to be so unforgettable?
The woman’s face flushed. “John, don’t you remember me?”
“Oh, right. Theresa?” She shook her head. “Amy?” Nope. “Cashmera?” This name he’d made up, but figured he had as good a chance with it as any of them. 
She shook her head, frustrated. “No, John, it’s me. Ambra.”
“Oh, right,” he said, pointing at her and clicking his tongue. Suddenly it came rushing back to him, exactly who she was. He’d been undercover here in Peshawar on one of his first missions. He couldn’t remember the specifics of that mission, but it had involved stealing something in police custody. In order to infiltrate the police, he’d sweet-talked this girl, who had been working at the station. Then, he’d ghosted her. At least she’d never known his real name or that he’d been the one who stole . . . whatever it was. He’d have been on wanted posters all over Peshawar. Of all the people to run into in this entire city. Talk about the worst luck.
“Sooooo,” he said. “How have you been, Ambra?”
“Well, I wondered why you never called me again. You just . . . POOF! . . . vanished.” She made an explosion gesture with her hands. 
“Poof!” he said. Then he shook his head. “No, you know what, I’m truly sorry. I had to leave Peshawar suddenly. I had . . . family business. Emergency. Family emergency.” He nodded his head importantly, but she looked unconvinced. 
Right at that moment, he heard another familiar voice. “Pilot!” Andres and Zara were approaching him from a few shops away. “Pilot Winthrop, what are you doing here?” Andres was smiling. Of all the times for him to be smiling. He actually looked like he was having FUN! As did Zara. Pilot tried making a subtle cutting-off-my-head gesture, but Andres did not get the point. 
The woman looked confused. “Pilot Winthrop? No, you must be confused. This man’s name is John Smith.” 
Realization dawned on Andres’ face, and Zara was standing back now with her arms folded, looking confused. “Of . . . of course,” said Andres, his voice faltering as he caught on. “Yes, of course. That’s what I meant. John Smith.” He slapped his forehead. “Silly me! I just forgot. Of course I knew your name was John Smith.” Zara nodded gravely, unconvincingly. She would make a terrible undercover agent.
“You!” said Ambra, starting to put the pieces together. “Your name is not John Smith. It was you, wasn’t it? You stole the—"
“ACKACKACK!” Pilot started choking, pointing to his throat, falling out of his chair dramatically. Thankfully, Andres took the hint.
“MEDICS! HELP!” He yelled. “Somebody help this man!” 
The woman knelt down, caught off-guard, and Pilot seized the opportunity. He pushed the woman, who fell backwards. 
“RUN!” he yelled, and he, Andres, and Zara ran as fast as they could, weaving through the market with the woman’s shouts fading behind them. Luckily, no one tried to help her catch them, and it was easy to get lost from her sight in a maze of streets and alleyways, shops, and carts. Once they were out of immediate danger, they began walking swiftly back to the house, avoiding streets with tanks and soldiers.
“What was that?” said Andres, tight-lipped and nervous again. Zara’s face was all seriousness.
“She recognized me,” said Pilot. “But, I was undercover at the time.”
“What did you do to her?” Zara asked.
“I might have,” Pilot said, “never called her back.”
Zara and Andres simultaneously made exasperated sounds and shared a secret look. Like a code look. His partner had a secret code with the girl they were supposed to bring in. Talk about violating protocol. He would have to remember this to use against him later.
“Well, this isn’t good,” said Andres. 
“No kidding, Sherlock!” Pilot retorted. “This isn’t good. Observation of the century. Now what are we going to do about it, hmmm?”
No one said anything, but Andres tensed, and Pilot knew he was just dying to. 
“I’ll tell you what we are going to do about it,” Pilot said. “We are going to leave, that’s what.” Beside him, Zara’s step faltered and she bit her lip, but she quickly resumed her step.
“Why?” she muttered to herself. Pilot heard her. 
“Why? Because that woman works for the police, that’s why. And because she recognized me, and she knows my real name now, and she knows what I look like, and she knows that I stole something. If we don’t get out of here, I will get arrested, and he will have to fly Vivian, get help, and take you back to headquarters! Any more questions?”
Emir’s house now stood before them. They opened the gate, which had been left unlocked, and went inside. Emir and his mom were both in the living room, sitting face-to-face, looking somber. 
“We need to go. Now.” Pilot jogged up the stairs two at a time to make sure he got all of his belongings from the room he’d slept in. Andres followed hesitantly, getting his things, too. 
When he came back downstairs, Emir and Zara were engaged in a quiet but heated conversation. Liyana had left the room, probably to give them privacy so they could say goodbye.
“Of course I don’t want to leave them again,” Emir was saying. “They’re my family! Why would I want to leave?”
“Okay, well that’s settled, then!” Zara said, her eye full of fire. Pilot blinked. The stress must be getting to him. If he didn’t know better, he would’ve sworn her eye was actually emitting some kind of glow.
“What’s settled?” asked Emir, clearly discombobulated. His hair was standing up from where he’d been running his hands through it. “That I love my family? Of course I do!”
“Of course!” 
“Well, then . . . okay!”
“Okay!”
“So, are we good?” Emir looked like he sincerely hoped they were.
Zara threw her hands up. “No, we’re not GOOD! At least, I’m not good! Obviously, you don’t even care!” If she didn’t seem so angry, Pilot figured she’d have burst into tears by now.
“About leaving my family?” asked Emir.
“NO! About me leaving!” Zara was close to those tears.
“I don’t . . . you leaving . . . wha . . .?” Poor Emir ran his hands through his hair, looking like he was going to fall apart at the seams. Pilot didn’t have time for this. He thought he saw what was going on here. It was time to step in.
“Look, I don’t want to get in the middle,” he said. “Looks like you two are having a blast. But I think I see what’s going on here.”
Emir looked at him incredulously. “You do?”
Pilot looked back at him blankly. “Mate. She thinks you’re staying here.”
It took several seconds for this to sink in. Then, at the same     time . . .
“Wait, you think I’m—?”
“Wait, aren’t you—?” 
Emir blew some air out and ran his hand through his hair again. “Zara, I can’t believe you thought . . . I would never . . . I mean, what I mean to say is, there is no way I would ever let you go alone. Of course I’m coming with you. That is, unless you don’t want me—”
He couldn’t finish. Her arms were around his neck so tight that Pilot was afraid she might choke him. Pilot sighed and rolled his eyes. Muffled, choked sobbing sounds were coming from Emir’s shirt. He wondered if Zara was being smothered. Emir just stood there, his face in Zara’s hair, his arms wrapped tightly around her. Finally, she came up for air. 
“Zara,” Emir said, his voice trembling. She looked up at him, smiling through her tears, then she buried her face in his shirt again. Pilot figured he might as well let them have this time now to get it out of their systems so he wouldn’t have to deal with it on the plane.
“I’m sorry,” she said when she pulled away, her voice all blubbery. “I thought that you were staying here. Your family—”
“What on earth made you think that?” he asked earnestly, stroking away her tears with his thumbs as he held her face up to his. 
“I don’t know,” she said. “I thought—”
“You thought wrong,” he said, gently pulling her face against his chest again. He stood there, stroking her hair, as she gasped and shook, trying to pull herself together. His breaths were ragged and shaky.
“I’m sorry, too,” he said. “I didn’t understand. All this time I thought . . . and you thought—” Emir shuddered. “But it doesn’t matter now. Now we both know the truth. We’re both going to go pack our things and be on our way. Together. You and me. We’re a team, remember?”
She pushed away from him just enough to look up at him, nodding her head, beaming. He wiped the tears and matted hair from her face, pulled her in for another hug, and waited for her to gain control of herself. 
When she finally pulled away, she covered her tear-stained face with her hands, looking around for something to blow her nose with. Andres had thought ahead and handed her a box of tissues he’d retrieved while Pilot had been standing there gawking. She blew her nose, loudly, and thanked Andres. Pilot had never seen anyone look so happy, especially not while also being a sobby mess. Her eyepatch was gone. He realized Emir must’ve taken it while she was crying. He looked at Emir, who had it around his wrist. Pilot was impressed. Smooth. It also occurred to him that she could cry out of both eyes, even though she was blind in one. Interesting. You learn something new every day.
When Zara was done blowing her nose, she turned back to Emir, who placed his hands on her arms and looked in her eyes. “Are you okay?” he asked.
She nodded bashfully. 
“Are you sure?”
She nodded again, more confidently. 
He read her face to make sure before saying, “Okay. Then we need to pack. I’ll fill you in.”
“Pilot needs to leave, too,” she blubbered. “He’s going to get arrested.”
He cocked an eyebrow and looked at Pilot. “All righty, then. Let’s go upstairs and pack.”
She nodded. Before they could walk upstairs, Liyana walked back into the room. Her eyes were red and Pilot got the impression she’d been crying. Probably in the other room listening. Women were funny that way. She exchanged a few quiet words with Emir and Zara, placing something small and blue into Zara’s hand and clasping her hands around it, which Zara seemed to accept with surprise and gratitude. Then, she embraced them both, shook Pilot’s and Andres’ hands, and excused herself to go upstairs. Probably to cry some more. 
Both Emir and Zara walked upstairs, leaving Pilot and Andres in awkward silence. In a few minutes, which seemed like an eternity, they had come back downstairs with their bags. Emir had apparently given her a suitcase for all her new clothes and the toiletries he’d bought her. He’d also given her back her eyepatch and changed his shirt. Probably because it had snot all over it. They stood at the bottom of the stairs and looked at each other. Emir had a bag in one hand and one over his shoulder, but he reached out to Zara. She looked at him and went to put her hand in his, but he reached for her suitcase instead. She handed it to him shyly and he added it to the hand holding his own bag, then took her hand firmly in his other one. Then he nodded to Pilot. “Let’s go,” he said. And together, they all walked out the front door to say their goodbyes to the goats.





Chapter 31
Zara, Emir and Pilot boarded the plane and Andres was the last to get on, as usual. He hated the way Pilot made him clamber past him into the copilot’s chair every time. Still, he was getting used to Pilot’s constant quips, snarky remarks, and blatant slights. He regretted starting their whole relationship off on the wrong foot. That had been a particularly rough mission for him. Every fear had been triggered, and every worst memory replayed. He may have been a little harsh on Pilot, but he’d been paying the price for it ever since. He would rather have been friends with him than enemies, but he felt that Pilot’s wounded pride may not ever allow that now, and he was a natural avoider of conflicts. They terrified him, like everything else. Curse his PTSD and polyphobia. He was twenty-six and wondered if he’d ever be able to live a normal life. Still, he’d been able to have fun with Zara this morning. 
He turned and smiled at her. She smiled back at him. Emir was seated directly behind him, holding her hand in a vice grip. He wondered if Emir would ever let her go now. If he were Emir, he wouldn’t. Zara was easy to talk to, kind, accepting, and surprisingly intelligent and funny. When you first met her, she struck a person as closed-off, but once she opened up to you, she was a gem. Andres was thankful to have had a chance to get to know her. He already considered her a friend.
Andres also admired Zara’s style. Right now, she wore a black t-shirt with white letters that said, “If you think I’m short, you should see my fuse.” The word ‘fuse’ was red and ended with a spark. Andres would never have the courage to wear a shirt like that, but it strangely fit Zara . . . well . . . to a T. He’d mentioned her choices in clothing this morning while they had been browsing the marketplace, and she had told him she chose clothes that made her feel empowered. Maybe he should start doing the same. He wore clothes that made him feel safe.
Andres turned and looked out the window. “Um . . .” he said. In front of them stood one of Emir’s goats. At least he thought it was Emir’s goat. They’d had trouble getting rid of that goat when they’d left the house. It kept pushing the gate open, trying to follow Zara and Emir, and they thought they’d successfully gotten it to stay inside when they’d shoved it in there the last time. But Andres didn’t think there were random goats running around Peshawar. He hadn’t seen any, anyway. At least, until now.
“Dubb!” Emir exclaimed. 
Zara leaned over to look. “Awww!” 
“Greaaaaat,” said Pilot, slumping down in his chair. 
“We can’t just leave her there!” said Zara. 
“Well, we can’t take her!” Pilot protested.
“Awww, sure we can!” said Zara. “Unless . . . you want to take the time to take her back to Emir’s? I’m sure we won’t stand out with a goat following us through the city.”
“All right!” he said, throwing his hands up. “Fine! But you have to get out and get her.”
Emir hastily . . . giddily? . . . jumped up, climbed over Pilot and back out to retrieve the goat. He had a time getting the goat onto the plane. He tried carrying it with one arm while he climbed the rope ladder with the other hand, but it kept squirming. Then he tried tossing it over one shoulder, but it kept kicking with its back legs and its tail kept swatting him in the face. Finally, he raised it over his head and put it behind his neck, its legs hanging over both shoulders. It protested goatishly. He grabbed one of its hind legs and one of its front legs in one of his hands, climbed the ladder with the other, and somehow managed to climb into the plane breathlessly, sliding the goat off onto Pilot’s lap. 
“Hey!” said Pilot, holding his hands up and scrunching up his face. 
Zara and Andres laughed. The goat said, “Meh,” and climbed down, finding Zara and resting its head on her lap. 
“Any more stray animals anyone wants to pick up before we leave?” Pilot asked irritably. 
“Nah, we’re good,” said Emir, a playful smile in his voice.
“What are you smirking at?” Pilot asked Andres.
Andres sighed and wiped the smile off his face, settling down for another long flight. 
“You know,” said Zara, “you could be nicer to Andres.”
Pilot rolled his eyes and gasped exasperatedly.
“No, really,” Zara said encouragingly. “You should give him a chance. Get to know him a bit. I mean, I don’t know what happened between you guys before, but it’s pretty obvious you guys have issues. You helped me with mine. Just returning the favor.” She said the whole thing cheerfully.
Pilot said nothing, but began mumbling under his breath incoherently as he started up Vivian’s engine and adjusted the controls. Andres picked up random phrases like, “goat in my plane” and “taking orders” and “I’ll show you nice”.
A few seconds later, Zara said, “Wait. Where are we going?”
With all that had happened, Andres realized they hadn’t discussed destination. 
“Headquarters, remember?” said Pilot, though without the bitterness in his voice Andres had expected to hear.
“Where’s that?” asked Zara.
Pilot sighed. “If you must know, I’ll tell you. Our base is in Hotan.”
“China?” 
“Yeah, China.”
“Sorry, but that’s not going to work. We need to go to Africa.”
“Africa?” 
“Yes, Africa.”
Pilot turned around. “Africa?”
“Yes,” Zara repeated firmly. “Africa.”
Pilot gaped at her. “You know that we had an agreement, right? We’d go to Peshawar, then we’d go to headquarters. That’s what we agreed on. You both said, ‘Deal’.”
“I know,” said Zara apologetically. “But there’s been a . . .” she glanced at Emir, “change of plans.”
“Change of plans?! And when were you going to let me in on this change of plans? Don’t you realize that I have a job to do?”
“I know, but . . . so do we.”
He ignored her. “I have supervisors. Deadlines. A paycheck to collect! I can’t just go off gallivanting all over creation because some sixteen-year-old girl and her boyfriend want me to go to Africa on some sort of silly whim—” 
“We need you to take us to Africa,” Zara said through clenched teeth, and Andres could swear he saw a light shining on the plane’s dash from the back. He turned around and gasped. The light was coming from Zara’s eyes. Pilot had frozen, gaping at her. After a few seconds, he turned around, mumbling again.
“Hold on,” said Pilot. He picked up his comm, pushed a few buttons, and waited for an answer. 
Tenshi’s voice came through the receiver. “Pilot? Are you okay? Do you have the package?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Pilot said grudgingly. “Look, this girl, Zara, she’s demanding I take her to Africa, and . . . her eyes are glowing.”
“What?! Her eyes are . . . well, take her to Africa then, you twit!”
Pilot looked taken aback. He held out the receiver and looked at it. “So, just ignore orders and—” 
“YES!” she screeched. “Sorry, Pilot. It’s just that . . . you realize she’s like me, don’t you?”
“Well, yeah,” said Pilot. “Well, maybe not quite as annoying, but—” 
“Ha. Ha,” she said drily. “Look, I don’t know who this girl is, or why she thinks she needs to go to Africa so bad that she’d glow her eyes at you. But after what we’ve learned, don’t you think maybe . . . just maybe . . . she might know something that we don’t?”
There was a pause in which Pilot thought about this. Then, he sighed. 
“All right,” he said. “Where to in Africa?”
Zara hesitated. “I don’t know.”
“What? You don’t even—”
“Take her to Karachi. You can fuel up there, and there’s a base nearby, so if you need to you can call for backup. Then figure it out from there.”
“All right, Karachi it is,” said Pilot, readjusting his controls. “Thanks, Tenshi.”
“No problem, bud. Be safe.”
“Always.”
Andres knew they were good friends, but he’d never heard anyone actually sound affectionate towards Pilot before. It took him by surprise. Pilot sounding affectionate towards someone surprised him even more.
In a few moments, they were in the sky, riding in comfortable silence. Occasionally, Andres would hear the goat make goat sounds, or hear Zara and Emir behind him, whispering or speaking in low tones, laughing just between themselves. Part of him wished to be part of their conversation, but he was content just hearing their intermittent laughter.
After a while, Zara leaned forward. “Hey, Pilot,” she said. “How about some of that awesome music you played us before?”
“Yeah, all right,” said Pilot, perking up. “What would you like to hear? Classic rock this time?”
“Definitely,” said Zara appreciatively. 
“You like AC/DC, right?” Pilot asked. “Because that shirt you had on the other day . . .”
“You know it,” said Zara. Pilot actually smiled, and he turned on a song that was apparently titled “Highway to Hell”. Maybe this wouldn’t be such a long flight, after all. He hoped the song wasn’t prophetic. 
Somehow, he thought of an old story he’d heard as a child. It was about a girl, her dog, a scarecrow, a tin man, and a cowardly lion. He smirked as he thought of how closely this story represented their crew, if that’s what he could call them. Zara was the girl, the goat was the dog, Emir was obviously the scarecrow, Pilot the tin man, and Andres . . . well, he was the cowardly lion. Hopefully, he would find his courage on this trip. Suddenly, he realized that he hadn’t even blinked an eye when Pilot had decided to break the rules and go to Africa. 
“Heh,” he said to himself. He noticed Pilot glancing at him out of the corner of his eye and checked himself, bracing for some snide remark, but it didn’t come. Instead, Pilot’s lip quirked up.
“Hey,” said Pilot happily. “Did I tell you guys about the time I lost Vivian?” 
“No!” said Emir, leaning forward to listen.
He launched into a long story, which turned into another, and another, and after a while Andres realized he’d been laughing right along with everyone else and Pilot hadn’t directed any snarky comments his way. Maybe Pilot wasn’t so bad, after all. Maybe he really did have a heart. With that thought, for the first time in a while, Andres actually relaxed, settled into his comfortable, first-class seat for his trip to the emerald city in Karachi, and enjoyed his in-flight entertainment.




Chapter 32
Three hours later, Karachi came into view. Zara was thankful it was not a domed city. She hadn’t liked Kandahar one bit. From the second she’d laid eyes on it, she had felt like hyperventilating, unsure whether it was because it had been her first big city experience or because it had felt too closed in. Either way, she’d found the air inside the dome suffocating and hoped that their travels would not include many more domed cities. She hoped it would be a nice city, like Peshawar.
Thinking of Peshawar made her feel like she was glowing. Not literally, but on the inside. Sure, she had spent half of her time there thinking she and Emir were breaking up and been completely miserable, but the other half of the time, especially the last hour, had been the best of her entire life. 
She smiled. Emir looked over and joined her. Their hands had been clasped the entire time. She thought her palm was sweaty and she might have a cramp when he let go, but right now she totally didn’t care. Her heart was full, and if her chest could glow like Emir’s, it would be on fire right now.
She gazed contentedly at Emir a few seconds, then pointed to something out the window that caught her eye. They were landing, but she didn’t want this to end. This trip had been amazing. Pilot had entertained them for hours with his stories, blasting classic music the whole time, and even seemed to have taken Zara’s words to heart and been nicer to Andres, resulting in Andres relaxing and even laughing with the rest of them. At one point, he’d even told a story from his teenage years, about a time when he'd embarrassed himself in drama class by forgetting his lines, tripping over a cord, knocking over the director and spilling his drink on the audience. Andres had puffed up proudly when everyone laughed at his story, and Zara had been proud of Pilot for being gracious instead of mocking him and ruining his moment.
Eventually, the conversation had died down, and for the last hour or so she’d just looked out the window, pointing out things periodically to Emir, whose whole face would light up as if it were the most interesting thing he’d ever seen and then make some comment to that effect. After a while, she realized that she’d been the only one pointing things out because Emir hadn’t looked out the window at all, except for when she’d showed him things. Instead, he was gazing at her, or at least in her general direction at nothing in particular, waiting for her to make a comment or an observation for him to respond to. Her heart swelled so much with this epiphany that she thought she might explode. How could any one person be so perfectly content and happy?
As the city of Karachi came better into focus, Zara’s hopes that it might be a nice city plummeted. All she could see was a vast crawling landscape of wreckage and rubble. The saddest part was, she couldn’t tell if the people had been unable to clean it up since the Night of Fire, or if they just didn’t care. It looked like this city might have been destroyed by human hands more than by fire. It still had skyscrapers, though most of them looked condemned, and grid upon grid of small box-style houses like the one Razban lived in, only stacked so close together she wondered how someone could walk out of their own house without entering the next. What was more, she wondered why anyone would even want to walk out of their houses. The streets were filled with—not rubble—garbage. Garbage littered the streets and the alleyways, the parks, and even the tops of many of the houses, as if people simply walked outside and threw their garbage into the air to see where it would land. Furthermore, there was water pouring into the city from the sea in several areas, creating great trash-filled pools among the buildings, and as they descended further, she saw what looked like great piles of dead fish covering the ground. She had hoped to land on the coast, as she’d never seen the ocean and had always wanted to, but when she saw the coastline, she turned green. If Pilot could find a nice patch of clean grass to land in somewhere, she would be more than grateful.
From the front, Pilot said, “Ewwwww.” Andres exhaled like someone letting the air out of a balloon. Curious, Emir leaned forward and looked out Zara’s window, although he had one on his own side. He scrunched up his nose and looked at her. He’d been in kind of a trance for the last little while and she thought he was on the verge of falling asleep. He’d been leaning towards her as far as he could, now holding her hand in both of his, and she’d been worried he might fall out of his seat.
“We’re there,” Zara said, trying to sound happy about it. He gave her a sympathetic look, as if he felt sorry for her for having to be there when he was there, too. It almost made her laugh. At least—if any of them had to be here—they were all here together.
Emir sat up, worked out some kinks in his shoulders and stretched his back, all the while turning towards her so he could keep hold of her hand. She could see that he’d been deeply rattled by their misunderstanding and felt like she should spend forever making it up to him. How could she ever have doubted his loyalty? He was like a human puppy dog.
Speaking of puppy dog, Dubb the goat had been lying with her head on Zara’s feet for the past several hours. She hadn’t known goats could sleep that long in one position, and her feet were hot and tingly. She gently nudged her off and stretched them out above Dubb. Having nowhere else to put them, she laid them on Dubb’s back and used her as a footrest.
Unwilling to land his precious Vivian in a pile of dead fish or garbage, Pilot flew up and down the coast, looking for the cleanest place he could find away from the stench of the city. Finally, they came to what looked like a small beach town where people actually took a bit of pride in where they lived. Zara was relieved. Their plan was to fuel up here and possibly grab a bite to eat while figuring out their next move. She’d been dreading trying to find a place to eat in that awful city. This looked a thousand times better.
Pilot brought the plane down on the beach, which made Zara actually giddy. She couldn’t wait to get out, but she had to wait for Pilot and Andres to deboard first, since they were in the front. She wondered if Emir would let her hand go or if she’d have to climb out with one hand. As if he’d read her mind . . . or, more appropriately, her emotions . . . he raised her hand to his lips and placed a kiss on it before he let it go. Her insides did a somersault. She stroked the side of his face and he leaned into her hand, closing his eyes. He looked so incredibly tired, as if he hadn’t slept at all the night before, which, she reflected, he probably hadn’t. She’d almost forgotten their spat had been just last night, it seemed so many lifetimes ago. 
“Time to go,” she said. His eyes fluttered open. 
“After you,” he mumbled. She was afraid to leave him on the plane because he might fall asleep before he could get off, but he sat up and forced his eyes open, then stretched and picked up Dubb, tossing her back over his shoulders. Zara felt bad. She’d almost forgotten Dubb would need to get out, too. After Zara climbed out, Emir’s sleepy head emerged through the door with Dubb behind it. He turned and climbed out using one hand, then gently slid the goat off onto the sand. 
“Meh,” said Dubb. 
Emir looked like he might pass out, but he stretched his back, rubbed his eyes, and smiled a hazy, crooked smile at Zara. Her insides felt like the ocean waves.
She walked to the water’s edge and looked out at the sea, the others joining her.  
“It’s beautiful,” said Zara breathlessly. Emir placed his arm around her shoulders, leaning his head against hers.
“Yes, it is,” said Andres.
“Smells like salt,” said Pilot. “And dead fish.”
Zara stuck out her tongue at him. 
“Meh,” said Dubb.
“Is that all you ever say?” asked Pilot.
Zara laughed and Emir shook, but no sound came out. He was too tired to laugh.
“Come on,” Pilot said, nodding his head towards the village. “I’m famished.”
They walked into town, Emir’s arm linked with Zara’s and Dubb at her heels, Pilot leading the way, Andres trailing behind. There were mostly houses, but Pilot spotted a small pub. They walked inside. Immediately, the man behind the bar said, “Sorry, sir but we don’t serve her kind here.”
Pilot looked appalled. “That’s not nice! She’s a nice girl, I swear! She just looks a bit odd, that’s all!”
“Hey!” said Zara, punching his arm.
“Not her, dummy,” the man said. “I mean her.” He pointed at Dubb.
“Oh,” said Pilot. “Well, we need her. She’s . . . her . . . seeing-eye goat.”
The man looked incredulous, but he shook his head and laughed. “Whatever,” he said, walking away.
“See?” Pilot murmured teasingly. “A bit of humor and the man turned a blind eye.” 
Zara bit back a laugh that he didn’t deserve and hit him hard as she could on the arm.
“Ow!”  he complained, rubbing his arm. “You’d better watch out, Emir. She packs a powerful punch, that one.”
Emir grinned.
They filed into a corner booth, Pilot looking around eagerly, probably for someone to make fun of. Zara took in her surroundings and saw that there weren’t many people here. The pub was dark and dank, but looked clean enough, as did the people. A few men hunched over their drinks at the bar, and at the other end a few men sat at a smaller booth, engaged in what looked like important negotiations.
Something caught Zara’s eye about one of the men at the table, but she couldn’t be sure exactly what she was seeing. It was probably a trick of the light. Zara rubbed her eyes.
“Tired?” Emir asked sleepily. 
“No,” said Zara slowly. He quirked an eyebrow at her and she shook her head. He shook his head, too, then started to giggle. She patted his leg. He slid down on the bench, put his feet up on the other side, laid his head on her shoulder, and began to snore. She stifled a laugh. Poor sweet, adorable thing!
Pilot looked over and snorted. “Useless.”
“Hey!” she protested defensively.
“What? We have plans to make!” He nodded in the direction of the men having the conversation. “See those guys over there?”
“Yeah?” 
“Pirates.”
“What?” 
“Pirates.”
Andres snorted and Pilot looked at him challengingly. His face grew suddenly alarmed. “How can you tell?” 
Pilot smirked smugly. “I get around. Look, you see any businesses around here? Besides this one?”
Andres and Zara exchanged looks, then shook their heads. Now that she thought of it, she hadn’t seen a single one.
“That’s how this town thrives. Pirates. You see, they need supplies. You can’t live forever just sailing around with a ship full of gold and jewels. People who live in places like this, they’re rich enough to go to other cities and get supplies. That’s why the houses around here are nice while the other houses we saw . . . well . . . not so nice. Also, remember, no businesses. So how do they make their money? They sell supplies to the pirates, who pay them well in stolen riches. It’s just simple economy. Supply and demand. See! I told ya! Pirates!” He slapped the table victoriously, then leaned back in his seat proudly, sipping from a mug of something that had been set before him. Zara had been so impressed with his explanation that she hadn’t realized there had been drinks delivered to their table. She figured they probably only served one drink here and decided to drink it and be grateful, whatever it was. She took one sip and spat it out.
Pilot started howling and slapped her on the back. 
“What is it?!” she asked, horrified.
“Haven’t you ever had beer before?” Pilot asked, gasping and wiping tears from his eyes.
“No.”
“Well,” said Pilot, his laughter dying down. “It’s better if you hold your nose.”
“Isn’t there anything else?” 
“Afraid not. Do you honestly think there would be any clean water here within a hundred miles?”
She thought about it. “Don’t they have . . . milk or something?”
“Zara. Look where we are. Do you think they have milk?”
She wrinkled up her nose and looked at her drink, sure there was no way she could ever force herself to drink it. She looked at Andres, who had subtly pushed his mug far away from him.
“Maybe we can milk the goat,” said Pilot, nodding under the table at Dubb.
“Meh,” said Dubb, as if on cue. All three of them laughed, Zara careful not to shake her shoulder too much. 
As she watched, the men at the small booth stood up and shook hands and the younger man turned to face her. Her eyes widened. She hadn’t been seeing things. She was sure of it, now that she could see his face.
“Pilot,” she whispered urgently. “That man over there. I need to speak to him.”
“What, Emir falls asleep and you’re already moving on?”
“No, stupid! Just trust me! I reeeeeally  need to speak to him. Make him come over here.”
Pilot shrugged. “Oy!” 
The young man looked at him.
“Come over here, mate!” he said, waving him over. 
As the man approached, Zara quickly whispered, “Make small talk.”
The young man had a pleasing face. He had honest-looking, perceptive, somewhat mischievous brown eyes and deep dimples when he smiled, which he was doing now. His reddish-brown hair was messy and his face slightly scruffy, like he usually kept it shaved but had not had the chance lately. He wore a green polo shirt under a brown leather jacket with khakis and brown loafers. In his hand he held a fisherman’s cap. He looked to be in his early twenties.
“How can I help you fine folk?” he asked, his eyes twinkling as he took in their faces. He spoke with a slight accent Zara had never heard before.
“This young lady disagrees with the drink choices here. You look like a . . . well-connected lad.” Zara picked up on the hint of sarcasm in Pilot’s tone as he shot her a sideways glance. “Do you know where she can get some milk in this town?”
The young man’s smile widened. “Of course!” he said. “In fact, I have a ship just over in the bay! You can accompany me if you like!”
Zara’s eyes widened and she looked at Andres, who had pulled his mug back in front of him for comfort and was nervously fidgeting with the handle. If what Pilot had told them was true, Zara wasn’t sure if she wanted to go to this man’s ship. Still, she knew she could not let him get away.
“Yes,” Zara spoke up, the eyes of both Pilot and Andres shooting towards her. 
The young man inclined his head towards her. “Duggan,” he said, and she assumed he meant this was his name. 
At that moment, Emir stirred, grinning in his sleep. “Dooooo-gannnn,” he giggled, then readjusted himself and started to snore again. Zara bit back a laugh. 
“I’m sorry,” she said. “He’s very tired.”
Duggan laughed, a nice, hearty laugh. “It’s ooo-kay. And, you are?” he raised an eyebrow expectantly.
“Zaharina. These are my friends. Pilot, Andres, and Emir.” He nodded his head to each of them and cocked his eyebrow at Emir, laughing again. Zara couldn’t help but like him. Maybe it was because she’d lived her whole life with thieves and robbers, but she knew there was always more to someone’s story than just good or evil. She instinctively trusted this man. And besides, what choice did she have? She had a mission to fulfill. She had to find the chosen ones and save the world. And this man . . . well . . . he was glowing.





Chapter 33
It was dark when Duggan led his new friends, Zaharina, Pilot, Andres, and Emir back to his ship. He could tell they were not from these parts and wondered how they’d ended up here. Something told him they wouldn’t be the judgmental types when they got to his ship and found out what he did for a living. In fact, they might fit right in with his crew. Besides, he’d never been one to deny a fellow traveler a cup of milk. 
When they arrived at the dock, he gestured with his arm graciously. “After you.” 
Pilot led the way, whistling appreciatively. He was obviously a man who knew a good vessel when he saw one. Andres followed Pilot. He kept tugging at his shirt and smoothing it down nervously, and in the moonlight he looked pale as a ghost. He kept glancing at Duggan as if afraid he might eat him, and Duggan kept smiling at him, trying to put him at ease, but apparently having the opposite effect. He decided to give up and focus on someone else. 
“Nice goat,” he said to Zaharina, falling into step beside her and Emir. She had her arm linked with Emir’s, who was walking like he was drunk, even though he hadn’t had a drop. At least, he didn’t smell like he had, and his mug hadn’t been touched. 
“Thank you,” she said. “She stowed away. I hope you don’t mind.” 
Duggan chuckled warmly. “Miss, if there’s one thing we don’t mind around here, it’s stowaways. Got a whole crew of ‘em, in fact.”
She smiled at him. “How many are in your crew?”
He glanced up at the stars. “Oh, let’s see now . . . eighty-seven, at last count.” He looked at Zara proudly.
“Do you know them all by name?” Zara asked.
“Aye!” His eyes danced merrily. “At least, until they change their names. They like to do that sometimes. Then I have to learn them all over again.” 
Zara smiled somewhat abashedly. “I grew up in a crew of sorts. Unlike you, I didn’t know most of their names.”
Duggan’s smile faltered. He could not imagine not knowing his crewmates’ names. “Why not?”
Zara looked thoughtful. “They didn’t like me,” she shrugged.
“Well, what kind of crew is that?” He winked at her and she smiled shyly. He felt her loneliness as she spoke of her crew. That he could relate to. As much as he loved them, he was not the most popular person on his ship.
Emir stumbled and Zara laughed, adjusting her hold on him. The poor guy looked like he hadn’t slept in a week.
“You know,” said Duggan, “if you like, I can offer you beds for the night. It looks like you could all use some rest.”
Zara studied Emir, who looked dead on his feet. “I think we’d like that. Tomorrow, we need to get fuel for our ship. Do you know where we can find some?”
“What type of ship would that be?” 
“A sky ship!” Pilot shouted back at them, obviously eavesdropping. He seemed like quite the character.
Duggan thought for a moment. “I know a place a little ways from here, but I can take you there in the morning if you’d like.”
“That would be nice. Thank you,” said Zara as they stepped onto the deck. 
Pilot and Andres had already stepped on and were standing there waving awkwardly at the crewmates, most of whom were snarling and eyeing them suspiciously. Zara didn’t seem fazed at all by their presence, and Emir didn’t seem to even notice them.
“Men!” shouted Duggan. “Show our guests some respect and hospitality! These are our new friends, Zaharina, Emir, Pilot, Andres, and—” He realized he didn’t know the goat’s name.
“Dubb,” said Zara. 
“And Dubb! Say hello!”
Most of the crewmates murmured some kind of greeting half-heartedly, going on about their business. He would have to keep working on that.
“Come,” said Duggan, placing a hand on Zara’s back. “Let’s get this man to a bed, shall we?”
They both smiled as he led them back to the sleeping quarters.
“The rooms in the back are the guest rooms,” Duggan said. “If I let the guests sleep in the front, then the men are disturbing them all night long, wandering to and fro. It’s for the best if you keep to the back. If you please.” He smiled winningly.
“That is fine, thank you,” said Zara. She guided Emir into a room, where he fell face-first onto the bed. She lifted his legs and pushed them up onto the bed with the rest of his body. He rolled over and caught her hand before closing his eyes and beginning to snore.
“Will you be needing separate rooms?” Duggan asked, eyebrows raised. 
“Yes, I think so, if you don’t mind,” said Zara sheepishly. 
“‘S no problem, Miss,” he said, gesturing towards the door like a gentleman.
Zara started to walk away, but Emir mumbled and rolled over, pulling her hand with him. She looked pleased, but gently pried her hand loose and let his flop onto the bed. Then she lovingly stroked some hair out of his eyes. When she saw Duggan watching she turned bashful. 
He smiled. “He seems lucky to have you, Miss.”
“Please. Call me Zara.”
Duggan nodded and ushered her out of the room. Then he waited for Pilot and Andres to saunter out before he left and closed the door. 
He showed the men to their rooms first, then asked Zara, “What does your goat like to eat?”  
“Excuse me?”
“You and your friends ate before we left the pub. What does Dubb like to eat?” 
“I . . . I’m honestly not sure. I haven’t known her very long.”
“Really? She seems to like you. No matter.” Duggan smiled. “Come with me to the galley. Unless . . . you’re too tired?”
“No,” said Zara. “No, I can come.” 
Duggan led her to the galley, a giant kitchen with shiny cabinets and counters all the way around, a large island in the center, pots and pans hanging from the ceiling, a deep sink, and large appliances that all looked brand new. 
Zara gasped. “Natara would have loved this.”
“Natara?”
Zara blushed. “My mother.”
“Ah. Well, I’m glad your mother would approve.” 
He dug around in the cabinets and opened the fridges, looking for something to feed the goat. He found some lettuce and held it up, raising a brow in question.
She nodded. “That should do. I think.”
He smiled. “Your guess is as good as mine.”
Zara tilted her head, looking at him curiously. “Do you always smile?”
He considered this. “Not always. But smiling is better than not smiling, is it not?”
Her lips quirked up, but she seemed to be deep in thought. “Can I be forward?”
He raised his eyebrows. “That depends.”
“I was drawn to you. Not in a creepy way, but . . . well, I’m here on a mission. I cannot divulge much, but . . . have you ever felt different?”
Duggan liked the way she got right to the point. It showed she was trustworthy, and it gratified him to know she trusted him, too, at least enough to be so straightforward with him. He wondered if she actually did know what he did for a living, or if it would come as a shock to her. He figured since she was being so open, he might as well be, too.
Still, he hesitated, then looked at her squarely. “Zara, do you know what we do here?”
“Piracy?” she asked timidly.
He smiled, relieved. She did know, and she still seemed to trust him. This was good. He began chopping lettuce.
“Yes. This is my ship. I grew up on it. I inherited it from my father three years ago, when he died. He was . . . a different kind of man than I. Not a bad man,” he clarified, raising a finger. “A stern man, yes. A difficult man. A stubborn man. And a dishonest man. But a bad man? No.” He recalled his father affectionately as he scraped the chopped lettuce into a bowl for Dubb and set it on the ground for her. Then he turned and hoisted himself up to sit on the counter. He continued wistfully, “When I was younger, he would lift me up onto his shoulders and teach me to work the ship. He loved to joke around. He taught me to treat his crew with respect. He always treated them like men, not like criminals. Did he steal? Yes. Did he plunder? Yes. He did many bad things. But he was a good father. A good man.”
Zara smiled, but looked at him expectantly and he remembered why he’d been telling her all of this. 
“You asked me if I ever feel different. I am not the same man my father was. These men, they are loyal to him, not to me. They stay with me because they feel they owe him a debt. I am the captain of this ship, and they do my bidding. They are a good crew, and I know all of them, but they do not . . . as you put it . . . like me.” 
Noticing her look of pity, he decided to be more specific. “Not that I don’t have friends here. As I said, I grew up here. These men are my family. I believe they liked me better when I was a lad. But now that I’m in charge, it’s a lonely business. I do not believe in robbing the innocent. These men are misguided. They have learned to do what they must do to survive. They have all known hard lives. Many of them have families to provide for. Wives, children, brothers, sisters, elderly parents . . . These men earn their keep, and they send the rest home. And what their families don’t need, we donate to the poor. I feel, as their captain, it’s my job to help them learn a better way. Yes, they are pirates, and this is a pirate ship. But I don’t let them steal from the innocent. Neither do I let them take more than what we need. I am . . . an unpopular captain.” He smirked and Zara smiled at him warmly. “So, in answer to your question, am I different? Yes. I’d say I am quite different.”
The two sat in silence for several seconds. Suddenly Duggan’s eyes lit up. Zara turned and gasped in surprise. Duggan grinned.
“Gunthar! Meet my new friend, Zaharina, and her four-legged crewmate, Dubb!”
“My pleasure,” Gunthar growled. He reached for Zara’s hand, who gave it to him mindlessly. She was staring at him with abject wonder. A large, swarthy man with large muscles, he had messy patches of hair on top of his head, scars and pockmarks all over his body. His bulging arms were covered with tattoos, as was his chest. He wore an open black leather vest with silver studs and spikes, matching black leather pants, and army boots. One round, beetle black eye blazed at her, the other . . . was covered by an eyepatch. Zara gulped.
“Pleased to meet yeh,” said Gunthar.
“Likewise,” said Zara.
Duggan beamed. “I think you’re going to fit right in around here.”





Chapter 34
Emir awoke to the sun streaming into his eyes the next morning. He was surprised to find that he was in a small rectangular room with plain pale blue walls, one high round window, a small closet, and a surprisingly comfortable bed that took up nearly the whole room. How had he gotten here? The most surprising thing of all was that his bed felt like it was moving. Was there an earthquake? 
He sat up. No, not an earthquake. The ground was moving too gently to be an earthquake. He focused on the sounds outside his room. He heard . . . seagulls? Was he on a ship? 
He rubbed his hands through his messy hair. If only he had a mirror. But no . . . it was probably better that he didn’t know how bad he looked, since he had no comb or toiletries with him. He rubbed his eyes, which felt puffy. Then he turned, put his feet on the floor, and stood up. Stretching and yawning, he lumbered out the door, bracing himself on the door jamb as the ground rocked gently beneath his feet. He’d never been on a boat before.
He looked both ways out of his door. There was only one way for him to go, since his room was the last one at the end of the hall. There were voices coming from the other end and he could see men milling around. He tried to pick up Zara’s voice from the rest, but all he could hear were men’s deep voices. 
All of the rooms in this hallway had their doors open, each one just like his with a solitary bed neatly made. He made a mental note to go back and make his bed later. It looked like someone ran a tight ship. Some of the rooms had plain walls, others had pictures and posters hanging up. Some of the closet doors were open and he could see clothes hanging in them. The clothes were all different, and none of them looked like uniforms, so he figured this wasn’t some kind of military ship. Where was he?
His answer came as he neared the end of the hallway. It opened up onto a large deck, the entry to a large kitchen chamber in front of him, the floor to an overhead deck above him, more deck on either side of him. A few rough-looking men grunted at him as they passed, but otherwise most of them paid him no mind. He turned to his right and walked to the side deck, stopping and looking both ways, staying as far as possible from the railing overlooking the water. He decided to turn left, towards what looked like the front of the ship. As he passed the kitchen, he saw stairs leading to the upper deck. His eyes followed them to what appeared to be an empty control room. He heard voices coming from the front deck and felt relieved as he recognized Pilot’s. Then he heard Zara laughing and picked up his pace.
She looked up as he emerged and smiled brightly, standing to greet him. He took her hands in his, then pulled her in for a warm hug. He felt so content, but he realized he had to let her go at some point. As he released her, she looked up at him, beaming. 
“Morning, lover boy,” said Pilot with a wink. He was sitting on a bench, leaning back on the railing, feet crossed out in front of him, mug held in one hand, looking smug as usual. Andres was seated next to him, leaning forward, one leg crossed over the other, hands folded neatly in his lap. Emir and he nodded to each other in greeting. Another man in a fisherman’s cap was sitting next to Pilot, a gleam in his eye as he regarded Emir and Zara. He nodded at Emir. 
“Emir, this is Duggan,” Zara told him happily. 
Duggan stood, extending his hand and smiling. “Welcome to the Aisling,” he said courteously. 
“The Ashling?”
“The Aisling,” said Duggan. “It was my mother’s name.”
“This is your ship?” Emir asked.
“Aye. And a fine one she is.” His handshake was firm. He had an honest, likable face. Emir felt instantly at ease.
“Hear, hear,” said Pilot, who appreciated a good craft. He raised his mug in toast.
“Would you like some breakfast?” Duggan asked. “We may be humble pirates, but we have the best chef.”
Emir’s face must’ve betrayed his surprise at the word pirates, because Zara laughed next to him and hugged his arm. Her bright laughter sounded like a bell.
“Don’t worry, Emir,” she said consolingly. “These are good pirates.”
Duggan smiled at her and nodded gratefully. “Much obliged to you, Miss. We do the best we can.” Then, to Emir, “Please, make yourself at home. I will fetch you a plate.”
Zara led him back to the bench. There were a few tables scattered out on the deck, but she seemed to like it next to the railing. He turned quickly and sat down, trying to avoid looking or falling overboard. Andres and he exchanged commiserating looks. 
“Have a nice nap?” Pilot asked. 
Emir snorted. “How long was I asleep?”
“Oh, about thirty-six hours.” 
Emir’s mouth hung open.
“You slept for about twelve hours,” said Andres, shooting Pilot a withering look. Pilot scooted away from him.
“How did we get here?” asked Emir.
“We met Duggan last night,” said Zara. “While you were asleep.”
“When did I fall asleep?”
“At the pub.” 
“What pub?” He couldn’t recollect anything after they’d landed yesterday. He also couldn’t remember ever being that exhausted before. Physical exhaustion he could deal with, but emotional exhaustion was totally different.
Zara laughed and patted his knee. “Nevermind.”
Duggan returned momentarily with a large, terrifying man in black leather, an eyepatch over his left eye, carrying a plate of food.
“Gunthar!” said Zara, springing to her feet. Emir followed. She seemed to know this man already. A lot must have happened while Emir was asleep. 
Gunthar looked like he might have smiled if he could. It was hard to tell, as his face had been disfigured into a constant snarl, but his black eye seemed to glitter as he inclined his head towards Zara. 
“Emir, meet my chef, Gunthar,” Duggan said. 
Gunthar grunted, his eye roving from Emir’s head to his feet, as if trying to size him up. 
“Pleased to meet you,” said Emir, swallowing. 
“This is the most important person on this ship,” Duggan said proudly, his hand on Gunthar’s shoulder. 
Gunthar grunted again, but his eye looked pleased, Emir thought. He wondered if Gunthar could speak, or if he just grunted all the time.
“Gunthar is full of good stories,” Zara informed him cheerfully. Apparently he could speak. 
“Aye,” Gunthar growled, “but only for you, Missy.” He winked his black eye at her, which made her blush. 
“We got to know each other pretty well last night,” Duggan told Emir, almost apologetically. “Zara enjoyed Gunthar’s dagger collection.”
“Aye, but yers got me beat,” Gunthar said to Zara, shaking his head. “Never seen one like that, not in all me travels.” Emir looked down and realized Zara was wearing her belt, her dagger sheathed. She must have brought it last night when they got off the plane.
“It is a Bedouin Shibriya dagger,” Zara said. “It was my brother, Jabar’s. Apparently, it was passed down to him. He gave it to me when I was very little. I feel honored to have it.” She looked around shyly, realizing everyone was listening to her. She’d never told Emir this before. He squeezed her shoulders. 
“But can yeh use it?” Gunthar asked.
“Oh, can she ever!” bragged Emir.
Gunthar grunted appreciatively. 
Emir’s stomach growled and he realized Gunthar was still holding his plate of food. He held his hand out awkwardly and Gunthar gave it to him. It was a mixture of eggs, vegetables, and cheese, and it smelled wonderful. Emir’s mouth started watering. He sat down and dug in.
“Jish ish WUNNERFUL!” Emir exclaimed with a mouth full of food.
Gunthar’s eye twinkled and he turned away. He was getting easier to read by the minute. Once you got past his rough exterior, he was actually very nice, not to mention one heck of a cook.
Suddenly, a little boy ran up, about five years old, with messy brown hair and freckles. “Daddy!” he said, wrapping his arms around one of Gunthar’s massive legs. Gunthar placed his dinner platter-sized hand on the top of the boy’s head and rubbed his hair, messing it up even more. The boy peered at everyone from between Gunthar’s legs.
“Gunnar, meet our new friends,” Duggan said, squatting down to the boy’s level. “Say, ‘Pleased to meet you.’”
“Pleased to meet you!” the boy squeaked, sticking his head out from behind Gunthar’s leg and then pulling it back again. 
Duggan chuckled, patting the boy on the back. “Would you like to meet them?”
The boy nodded, then peeked his head around his dad’s leg again.
“This is Zara,” Duggan said. Zara smiled and waved. The boy bashfully clung tighter to the leg. Emir wondered if the boy had ever seen a pretty girl before.
“That’s Emir,” Duggan said. Emir grinned and waved, and the boy waved timidly back at him. 
When Pilot was introduced, he saluted and the boy giggled. Andres gave a small smile and waved timidly. The boy actually seemed to loosen up. He stood straighter, smiled and waved back, causing Andres to actually blush and look around to see if everyone had witnessed it.
“Who’s that?” little Gunnar asked, pointing to the goat. 
“That’s Dubb,” said Emir. “Would you like to pet her?”
The boy nodded and ran over to her, petting her head, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her. Dubb said, “Meh,” and Gunnar giggled.
“She can talk, you know,” said Pilot, leaning forward conspiratorially.
“Really?” asked Gunnar, wide-eyed.
“Sure.” Pilot shrugged. “She talks all the time. Would you like to know what she says?”
“Yeah!” 
“Well . . . she says . . . meh,” said Pilot, bugging out his eyes when he said it. The boy started laughing. For a few minutes, the boy sat there laughing and hugging Dubb while Pilot said “meh” over and over again. 
Everyone was entertained by the Pilot show until Duggan clapped his hands cheerfully and said, “So! About that fuel you needed.”
“Yes,” said Pilot. “As much as we hate to be going, I’m afraid we must. You said you know where we can get fuel for our aircraft?”
Duggan looked thoughtful. “Standard aviation fuel?”
“Yes. A-1.”
“I know of a town with an airfield, but it’s several miles inland. I could accompany you if you wish. I’m sorry, but I don’t know the exact coordinates. When I’m on land, I’m more of a landmark kind of guy.”
“That would be fantastic!” Pilot said, trying a little too hard to show gratitude. He was a bit rusty. “We can run and get the fuel, then I’ll bring you back and my crew and I can get out of your way!”
“Oh, you’re not in the way,” said Duggan. “Trust me. My men and I are happy to have guests on our ship. Aren’t we, Gunthar?” 
Gunthar grunted, turning his eye on Zara. He obviously liked her company. 
“All right,” said Pilot. “Andres, why don’t you come along. Zara and Emir can stay here with the goat.”
Andres looked conflicted for a moment as he watched Gunnar play with Dubb. 
“What, are you my partner or not?” Pilot asked, impatiently and a little offended.
Andres looked surprised, then his expression turned resolute. “Yes. Yes, of course I am. I can go.”
“Of course you can,” said Pilot. “There, now that’s settled. Be good, kids.” He pointed at Zara and Emir, then stood to leave.
Duggan looked at Gunthar. “You have the ship until I return.”
“Aye, Cap’n,” said Gunthar, saluting as he turned away. It was interesting to see someone so much older and more intimidating revering such a young man, but Emir got the feeling Gunthar was more than happy to be Duggan’s right-hand man. Duggan did have a certain presence that commanded, rather than demanded, respect. As Emir watched Gunthar walk away, he noticed a limp. Maybe Zara would fill him in on some of the stories this monster of a man had told her during their late-night rendezvous. Emir was rather excited to spend some one-on-one time with Zara this morning before they all took off to Africa.
Just as he thought this, Duggan jogged back onto the deck. “Gunthar!” he shouted. Gunthar stopped and turned around. “Take Emir up to my quarters. He hasn’t had the chance to retrieve his clothes this morning. I’m sure he’d like to freshen up. Let him pick clothes from my wardrobe.” 
“Aye,” Gunthar grumbled, looking over Emir again. Emir was sure he sensed slight disapproval. 
“Thank you,” said Emir.
“It’s the least I can do,” said Duggan. “Make yourselves at home.” Then he winked at Zara and jogged away again.
Gunnar ran over to Zara and tugged on her KISS t-shirt. “Will you play with me while they’re gone?” he asked. Zara grinned and looked at Emir. 
“Sure?” she said, as if she needed Emir’s permission. His heart melted seeing her so happy.
“Of course!” he said. “I’ll just go . . . get changed. Have fun!” But she was already being pulled away to the other end of the ship.
“Well, are yeh comin’?” Gunthar asked Emir.
Emir sighed. “Of course,” he said, then he walked off with Gunthar to make himself presentable.





Chapter 35
Zara spent the next hour being yanked around by the hand and tripped by a goat. She felt bad for leaving Emir by himself, but she couldn’t say no to this little boy. She was reminded of herself, five years old, eating up the attention from Jabar and Abal, whom she’d idolized. Never had she imagined herself as the object of a child’s admiration. Yet, in the last three days, she’d received love and admiration from three children.
Gunnar showed her every part of the ship he was allowed in from stern to bow. He took her below deck and showed her the rest of the crew quarters and the engine room, but was stopped by a tall, dark, muscular pirate when he attempted to show her the artillery. 
“Woah, there, tiger,” the man said, plucking him into the air by the back of his shirt like a feather and propping him on his arm.
“Awwww, Sedge,” Gunnar whined. “But, I wanna show her the artilla-lary.”
“Now, you know that’s off limits.” 
Gunnar folded his arms and pouted. The pirate, Sedge, poked his ribs. Gunnar giggled. Setting him back on his feet, Sedge slapped his bottom and told him to run along, nodding at Zara respectfully. 
Gunnar pulled her back to the stairs. “Have you seen the galley? My daddy works there.” 
“I saw it last night,” said Zara. Then, seeing the disappointment on his face, she said, “But I’d really like to see it again!”
“Okay!” He yanked her upstairs to the galley. Dubb complained loudly when they reached the top. She’d been waiting for them. Apparently, she wasn’t a fan of stairs.
When they got to the galley, Gunthar grunted his ‘hello’. Zara smiled, feeling rather silly. She didn’t think she’d stopped smiling since they’d arrived. She thought her face might crack. The sea, the ship, the crew . . . all of it had come as a breath of fresh air. Zara hadn’t received any weird looks since she’d been here. Everyone was totally accepting and welcoming. Then there was the ocean air . . . the clean, salty scent, the breeze. She wished she could stay here forever, forget the mission, and just live the pirate life here on this ship. She wasn’t sure that kind of life would appeal to Emir, though, judging by the way he had looked at the water. 
“Hello again, Gunthar!” she said. 
The corner of his eye crinkled when he looked up. He was chopping vegetables at the island. She was impressed by how clean he kept his kitchen. In fact, this whole ship was squeaky clean. It was not what she’d ever expected from a bunch of pirates. 
“Can I have one?” Gunnar asked his father, taking a carrot off the island and handing one to Zara.
“I s’pose so,” said Gunthar. “Seems yeh already do.”
Gunnar shrugged, crunching his carrot and hopping up onto a bar stool. “Can I see that?” He pointed to Zara’s dagger.
She looked to Gunthar for approval.
“Aye,” said Gunthar. “He’s seen enough of ‘em.”
She unsheathed her dagger and held it out for him to look at. He picked it up by the handle, looking up at her to see if he was in trouble. When she didn’t protest, he stood on the stool and brandished the dagger like a sword. “Arrrrgh!” 
Gunthar made a clicking noise with his tongue, indicating Gunnar should sit down. “Down, boy,” he said. “Less’n yeh wanna catch yer death.”
“Naw, Zara’ll catch me,” Gunnar said, sitting down anyway and waving the dagger around delightedly, making fighting noises.
Zara laughed. “What if I didn’t?”
“You will. You’re my friend!” Gunnar put down the dagger and hugged Zara. “Zara, will you marry me?” 
“Yes, will you marry him?” Emir stood in the doorway behind them. He chuckled as he walked in the room. He had showered and changed into jeans, a white t-shirt, and a red jacket with a black hood. The shirt and jacket seemed to fit a bit tight around his broad shoulders, but Zara certainly didn’t mind. In fact, she suddenly felt a bit dizzy. He must have seen her head spinning because he faltered and looked down at himself as if worried he might not meet with her approval.
“You look nice,” she said breathlessly. 
He grinned, relieved. “Thank you. He has quite a wardrobe up there.”
“Ain’t all his,” Gunthar said. 
Emir looked at him. “Really?”
“Gets ‘em for the men. Gets ‘em all different sizes to make sure the men have enough to wear. Most of ‘em don’t have much. Don’t have much room, neither. Plus he don’ want ‘em fightin’ over clothes when he brings ‘em back, so he keeps ‘em all up there an’ lets the men get ‘em whenever they need ‘em. He’s mighty generous like that.”
“Doesn’t seem like an ordinary pirate captain,” Emir said, seeming impressed. 
“No, he ain’t. His father was the cap’n before him.” His eye crinkled and grew misty. “Me best mate for forty years. He was a true pirate.” His mouth quirked up as if he were enjoying a private joke. He seemed to get lost in pleasant memories for a moment, then remembered he’d been talking and said thoughtfully, “Duggan takes after him in some ways. Not all, but some. Anyway, he’s doin’ good on this ship. Known him since he was a kid. Mighty funny kid, that ‘un, growin’ up on a pirate ship with a heart o’ gold. Always been mighty different, that ‘un.” He shook his head, remembering little baby Duggan fondly. “He’s makin’ a difference in these men’s lives. Makin’ a difference in mine, anyway.” He looked at Gunnar and Zara thought he was getting choked up. Then he turned away. “If these men are too dumb to learn from him a thing or two, that’s their problem. Some of ‘em just wanna be rich, but what they need is to be respectable! That’s what he’s tryin’ to do. Make us respectable! ‘F it ain’t workin’, it’s their fault. Not his.”
Gunthar seemed to have been holding these words back and was finally happy to have an audience for them. Zara sensed that he thought he might be the only man on this ship who shared his sentiments about Duggan.
“He certainly seems like a good man,” said Emir, validating him. 
Gunthar turned around, a gleam in his eye. His approval for Emir seemed to have instantly increased. He offered him a carrot stick, which Emir gratefully accepted.
“Hey, guess what!” said Gunnar, now standing on the stool with his arms around Zara’s neck. 
“What?” Emir asked.
“Zara ‘n me are gettin’ married!” He grinned widely and Zara started poking him, making him giggle.
“Is that so?” she asked teasingly. 
“YEAH!” said Gunnar, laughing. Zara could see Emir contentedly watching out of the corner of her eye, and Gunthar seemed to be watching him watching her. 
Just then, Andres appeared in the door, out of breath. He looked shaken and irritable. Duggan stood behind him, amused. 
“Pilot’s been arrested,” said Andres. “I—I have to go.”
Emir and Zara stood there gaping at him. 
“Cooool,” said Gunnar.
“I didn’t realize we were harboring fugitives,” Duggan said, his eyes twinkling.
Gunthar snorted.
“Wha . . . What happened?” Emir asked, flabbergasted.
“While we were in that village getting fuel, they were showing an international newscast. Apparently, there was an image of him captured in the market in Peshawar, when that woman recognized him. That picture was broadcast, with his name, and someone recognized him again and turned him in.” He said all of this very fast, like he was trying to get it all out there before he ran out of breath completely.
There was a pause, in which no one knew what to say. Emir’s mouth opened and closed a few times. Zara fought hard not to laugh. They looked at each other, then back at Andres, who said, “I have to go.”
“But . . . where are you going to go?” asked Zara.
“I have to go get Tenshi.”
Zara remembered hearing Pilot talk about Tenshi several times, she having been involved in many of his adventures. He always spoke of her fondly, like she was his closest friend. She was the only person he seemed to regard so highly.
“Will she be able to get here? What are we going to do?” Zara asked.
Andres opened his mouth, then closed it again. Finally, he said, “I don’t know. But I have to do something.” Then he turned and jogged away, presumably back to Vivian. 
“I guess he’ll figure it out,” said Emir, shrugging. Zara thought neither of them were as worried as they probably should be, but Pilot had been through more difficult trials than these. They’d heard about them most of the way here. If there was anyone who could survive imprisonment, it was Pilot. And if there was anyone who could break him out of prison, it was Tenshi. At least, that’s what they had heard. Time to see if it was true.





Chapter 36
Tenshi slammed down her receiver after trying to comm Pilot for the fifteen thousandth time that morning. 
“UGH! Why doesn’t he pick up?!” Tenshi had thought that with Andres there, Pilot might actually keep his comm on and answer her. After all, hadn’t he just been on that gotta-follow-protocol-because-Andres-made-me-feel-bad kick? Apparently that had worn off. Typical Pilot.
Normally, she wouldn’t have been mad. Pilot had always been rogue. That was one of the things she enjoyed about him. She had even told him to forget his orders and take that girl to Africa. Now she was kicking herself. Of all the days, she wanted him to . . . no, she needed him to pick up! She stood up, paced around her room, shoved some stupid papers off her desk just for the heck of it, then fell into her chair and rolled across the room. Fighting a scream, she rolled back and picked up the comm one more time. This time, Andres picked up.
“WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!” Tenshi screamed into the mouthpiece. “I have been trying to contact you ALL DAY, and NOBODY picked up! I thought YOU were going to keep him in line!”
“I know,” Andres said. “I’m sorry, but . . .”
“The whole WORLD is falling apart around here and you guys are running around somewhere in Africa, and I need you, and I can’t get a hold of you, and . . .”
“TENSHI!” Andres shouted. Her mouth snapped shut. “Pilot’s been arrested!”
She was silent, but only for a moment. “PILOT’S BEEN ARRESTED?! What do you MEAN Pilot’s been arrested?!”
“Look, we went into town to get fuel for the . . . for Vivian . . . but he was on the news and someone recognized him and . . .”
“He was on the NEWS?! Oh, for heaven’s sake . . .” 
“I need to know what to do,” said Andres, his voice suddenly sounding shaky.
Tenshi put her hand over the mouthpiece and muttered some curses under her breath, regaining control of herself. Then she took in a deep breath and blew it out slowly. 
“Okay,” she said, forcing herself to be calm. “I need you to come get me.”
“What?! But I can’t fly!” It was his turn to panic.
“Yes, you can,” said Tenshi. “Andres, you are one of the smartest people I know. That’s why Pilot can’t stand you. He’s jealous. You can do some things that Pilot can’t. He hates computers. What do you think controls that plane?”
“Fuel?”
Tenshi pinched the bridge of her nose. “Besides fuel.”
“Computers?”
“Yes,” said Tenshi. “Computers. And, Andres, do you or do you not speak six computer languages?”
“I do.” 
“Then, Andres, you can fly that plane. Just . . . speak to Vivian. Can you do that for me? For Pilot?”
“I . . . I think so.”
“Okay, then. Do you know where you are? You know what, nevermind. Just mark your coordinates before you leave and come to Hotan. I will not be waiting inside the base. I’ll fill you in later. I’m going to be on top of the abandoned skyscraper overlooking the statue of the guys holding hands. You know the one?”
“Yes, I think so,” said Andres. 
“Good. You should be able to land there. She has hover capabilities. Trust me. I go up there all the time. It makes a great landing pad.”
“You . . . you do?”
“Like I said, I will fill you in later. It’s important that you get here as soon as possible. I’ll be waiting.” Before Andres could waste more time protesting, she hung up. 
Then, she grabbed her pack, walked to the door, and smoothed down her clothes and hair, trying to make herself appear more composed. She took a deep breath and opened the door. 
Many people were in the halls, as usual. Many people she had thought she’d known. Now, she couldn’t be sure. She smiled and greeted everyone she passed by name, trying to act like nothing was wrong. This was the first time in her entire life that she’d ever been uncomfortable at the UFC. It had been her safe space. Not anymore. In fact, she now wondered if there truly was a safe space for anyone, anywhere. 
She looked over her shoulder as she reached the hangar. It was empty. She opened the door, walked in, sealed the doors behind her, and fidgeted with her device, then stuck it in her pocket. No one should be able to open the doors now. Not for a while, anyway. She’d over-ridden them, as well as the surveillance cameras. She pushed a button on the wall and the sky opened. With one more glance around, she walked to the center of the hangar, slung her bag over her shoulder, and shot skyward.
***
Nearly four hours later, Andres landed Vivian on top of Tenshi’s building. She was sitting on the edge of the building, but when she saw him she stood, looking relieved. The door opened and Andres tossed out the ladder. 
“How did you do it?” asked Tenshi, amazed.
“I just . . . wait, didn’t you think I could do it?” Andres asked.
“Never,” said Tenshi. “I doubted you the whole time. But you did it! Thank you!”
Andres wasn’t sure if he was flattered or offended.
“Got those coordinates?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Good! Then get us out of here!” Tenshi tossed her bag behind her, leaned back, and put her feet up. She closed her eyes and Andres thought she was taking a nap.
He raised the plane in the air and turned it towards Karachi. Flying had been easier than he’d thought it would be. Tenshi had been right. He’d spent a few minutes studying the user’s manual, which he’d found under Pilot’s seat, and in less than a half hour he’d been in the air. Sure, he had been nervous, and his hands had been shaky, but he’d done it, and now he felt much more confident and calm, if still slightly ruffled. 
Mostly, he was irritated. Pilot had gotten arrested. Of course he had. He had a track record. How many prison breaks had Tenshi staged for him by now? Luckily, Pilot had been using aliases the other times. Andres figured he’d have to change his name after this.
“How did you manage to not get arrested with him?” Tenshi asked, lifting her head to look at him.
“I pretended I wasn’t with him,” Andres said simply.
“Good strategy,” she said. 
“Why were you trying to call us this morning?” Andres asked.
“Tell you later. Not important right now.” She laid her head down and closed her eyes again.
Even as she said it, Andres felt like it was important, but she just didn’t want to talk about it right now. He got the feeling she was very much sitting there thinking about it while pretending to want a nap.
That was fine with him. He didn’t think he was really in the mood for any more excitement, anyway. He had enough to think about with breaking Pilot out of prison. Then, how to escape the angry mob of police who would be looking for them afterwards, and the poor villagers who would also be looking for them so they could collect the reward money. He also felt bad dragging Zara and Emir into this. He wondered if they should’ve just gone back to headquarters like they were supposed to, instead of going off on some escapade that landed one of their tiny crew in prison. But, then again, this was Pilot. He had a knack for trouble.
Andres smirked to himself. Pilot was a character, that was for sure. He had pretty much hated him in the beginning. He was so rash and irresponsible. So flippant. So smug. So aloof. So sarcastic. But Andres had seen a different side of him the past few days. 
Was that all it had been? A few days? Funny how time could just slow down and speed up, making what happened yesterday seem like a year ago and what happened a year ago seem like just yesterday.
“How long have you known Pilot?” Andres asked Tenshi, who he knew was still awake. He could see her jaw clenching and unclenching.
Tenshi opened one eye. “Too long.” Then she closed it again.
“No, really,” he said. “How long have you known him? You seem very close.”
Tenshi sighed and sat up a tad. “I don’t know. Five years or so, maybe.”
“So, he was twenty and you were—” 
“Fourteen,” she said. “And he actually might’ve been twenty-one. I really can’t remember. I was living here, at the base. Met him on a roof. He had a cool plane, so I let him take me for a ride.” Andres looked horrified. “Yeah, I was pretty messed up. Anyway, I hooked him up with a job at the UFC. At first, I thought he was obnoxious. He was always picking on me, calling me a computer nerd, stuff like that. You know Pilot. But as I got to know him . . . I don’t know.” She shrugged. “He grows on you.”
“And you’re his best friend now,” he said matter-of-factly.
Tenshi smiled with her eyes closed. “Yeah. I guess I am.”
A few seconds later, Tenshi opened her one eye again. “He really isn’t that bad, you know,” she said. “I know, he gets arrested a lot, but that’s because he puts himself in dangerous situations. He’s never been in trouble for anything we didn’t tell him to do. And he never asks questions. He just does what he’s told. He believes that we stand for a good cause, and that’s enough for him. That’s why he’s our best man. You’re really lucky to be working with him, you know.”
Andres smiled. “Yeah, I know.” He probably would never admit it to Pilot, but just these last few days had been some of the most enjoyable of his life. He’d made some new friends, seen new places, been spontaneous, laughed a lot, slept on a pirate ship, been waved at by a child, and flown a plane. Now he was going to stage a prison break for a friend. Lucky indeed, he thought. Lucky indeed.





Chapter 37
Pilot sat on the hard prison floor, leaning against the prison wall, staring through the prison bars. Sigh. Story of his life. Ever since he’d joined the UFC, that is.
When he’d joined, he’d been almost twenty-one. His parents had raised him to be a pilot—obviously, hence the name—but they’d intended him for the Eurasian Air Force, the united force of aviators from all over Europe and Asia. His father had been a pilot in the Eurasian Air Force, his grandfather had been a pilot for Britain before they had joined the Eurasian Air Force, and so on and so forth for as far back as anyone could remember. In fact, Pilot had grown up thinking that was all his family cared about. He’d been groomed, prepped, hounded, forced to learn every language in the world to make him more successful when he became a world-class pilot, and otherwise largely ignored by his parents. 
He’d done well in school because he’d had no choice. If he got in trouble, he was locked in his room. If he got a bad grade, he was locked in his room. If he told a bad joke, he was locked in his room. If he didn’t eat his dinner, or didn’t comb his hair, or was disrespectful, or didn’t do his laundry, or . . . well, he’d learned to fly straight from a very young age to avoid the experience of being locked in a room. 
As a member of the UFC, he’d been locked in a total of twenty-one rooms, which he figured averaged out to be one every quarter or so. He guessed he was due. You couldn’t go as many places as he’d been, meet as many people as he’d met, use as many aliases as he’d used, and complete as many missions as he’d completed without getting caught a time or two. Luckily, he had Tenshi to bail—or, rather, break—him out. He wondered which way she’d go about it this time. It pretty much depended on what mood she was in.
Most of his arrests were off the record. In fact, most of them the UFC didn’t even know about, because he and Tenshi hadn’t told them. He’d gotten suspended once for breaking protocol and getting caught, though he’d still pulled off the mission. They’d gotten what they were after, whatever that was, but they’d wanted to teach him a lesson. What they didn’t understand was that protocol didn’t always work for him. He was not their best man because he followed protocol. He was their best man because he could think on his toes and think outside the box. Maybe that’s because he’d spent so much time inside of one.
Right now, his thoughts were elsewhere, as they always were while he waited in prison. It was better than thinking about the hard floor and the hard wall behind his back. He thought of Zara and Emir and what made them so special. Whatever it was, he had sure grown fond of them and hoped he wouldn’t be putting them in danger, either now or when he took them to headquarters. He wondered if he’d ever take them there. Part of him didn’t want to, but he couldn’t explain why. At first, they’d just been the package that he was supposed to deliver to get his paycheck. But now, he really couldn’t imagine handing them over to anyone without even knowing why. What could headquarters possibly want with them, anyway? Besides, he had pirate friends now, so who needed a paycheck?
He smirked to himself when he thought of the pirates. Andres had acted so frightened at first, like they were going to eat him or something. Andres acted frightened of everything. Maybe he was. But he’d gone along with everything, anyway. Like a loyal puppy. Pilot wasn’t sure that Andres felt loyal to him, or much like a puppy for that matter, but he couldn’t think of a better analogy. He’d never had a partner who would put up with so much sarcasm and sheer rudeness—because, he had to face it, he could be rude—and just go everywhere that he said they were going and do what he told them to do. Play dead. Andres played dead. Sleep with these pirates. He slept with the pirates. Break me out of prison. Well, that remained to be seen. 
Still, he didn’t doubt him. Somehow, he knew he’d find a way. No other partner had ever stuck with him so long. Actually, no other partner had ever agreed to go with him on a second mission, except Tenshi. He’d been partners with practically every member of the UFC by now. One time, they had ordered the receptionist to go with him on some undercover gig under threat of losing her job. She’d been replaced the next day.
Andres wasn’t really a pushover, Pilot thought. He had his moments of standing up for himself and others, and for what he believed was right. He obviously had convictions. He also wasn’t the stiff that Pilot had thought he was the first day they’d met. A little socially awkward, sure, and a little overly nervous. But he’d had his moments of letting his guard down and showing a sense of humor, and he wasn’t the stickler for protocol that Pilot had thought in the beginning. Of course he’d been nervous on that mission. Pilot now understood that what he’d thought was a fear of capture was actually a fear of failure. Andres hadn’t been worried about getting caught or killed. He’d been worried about that thing ending up in the wrong hands, and with good reason. Pilot could respect that now. But his pride had been so wounded that he’d started heaping on more sarcasm to cover up the fact that he knew he’d been wrong and that Andres had been right. About him. About everything. Actually, the more he thought about it, maybe Andres would just leave him there.
Aaaaaand this was why he hated being locked in a room. His thoughts were his worst enemy.
Speaking of enemies, where in the heck was his best friend? He’d tried to calculate how long it would take her to get to where he was from Hotan, but even if he could it wouldn’t do him any good. He had no idea how long he’d even been there. Was it three hours? Four? Five? Six? It could’ve been all day, for all he knew. He’d been sitting on that stupid floor, leaning against that stupid wall, staring at that stupid ugly guard out the stupid bars for what seemed like forever now, and for all he knew it could’ve been less than an hour. Time stood still when he was locked up somewhere. Like it ceased to exist. Funny how that worked. When he wanted time to speed up, it would slow down. When he wanted time to slow down—which was mostly never—it always sped up. Stupid time. Why couldn’t time be like Andres and just do what he wanted?
The stupid guard must have read his thoughts, because he shot Pilot an ugly look, stomped over, pounded on the bars, and cursed at Pilot in Urdu. Pilot pretended not to know what the man was saying. The man was angry because Pilot looked too smug. He’d become an expert at schooling his features. He could cover any emotion with boredom and sarcasm, which is what he’d been doing the entire time he’d sat there. The guard was livid. It was driving him crazy that Pilot wasn’t upset enough to be in there. This made Pilot smirk for real. He loved messing with guards.
The hard floor and wall seemed to be getting harder. Tenshi, please hurry up, he thought. He closed his eyes and tried to picture himself back on the pirate ship, out on the open sea. He was breathing in the fresh ocean air, feeling the breeze on his face, hearing the seagulls . . . he was back on the couch in Emir’s living room, watching movies with those little girls, hearing their laughter, feeling their little arms around his neck . . . and, finally, he was asleep.





Chapter 38
Emir was beginning to like it here on this ship. He didn’t really mind that Pilot had been arrested. It bought him more time with his new friends and Zara. To be honest, he wasn’t really anxious to go running around aimlessly in Africa, anyway. Besides, Zara looked so happy here. He couldn’t believe it had been only yesterday morning that she’d thought he was abandoning her. She’d been so distraught, and he’d been so broken-hearted. Now here she was, smiling and having the time of her life, playing with this adorable little boy, chatting freely in the kitchen, (which he kept reminding himself they called a galley around here,) with a great big, burly, squishy-hearted pirate with a matching eyepatch.
They’d been in here for much of the day while they waited for Andres to do whatever he was doing. Duggan had been in and out, as had many other pirates throughout the day, and they’d taken frequent tours around the ship, led excitedly by Gunnar, but somehow they always ended up here, in the galley with Gunthar. Zara and Gunthar had shared an immediate bond. Gunthar had taken a bit longer to warm up to Emir, but eventually he had, and he now told them both stories. As he did, Gunnar would hang on Zara’s neck, or climb on Emir’s shoulders and touch the ceiling, or grab pieces of food from the counter while Gunthar cooked. 
Emir wondered if Zara’s bond with Gunthar might have something to do with Natara. He’d offered to teach her some cooking techniques, which she’d graciously declined, content merely to sit here and talk to him, watching him do his job. Just like she’d done practically her whole life, watching Natara cook for dozens of people all day while she gleaned tiny tidbits of wisdom and life experience through osmosis. This reminded her of home. 
Emir could see that Gunthar felt very protective of her. The stories he told them were exciting and interesting, but he left out the too-personal stuff and the nitty-gritty details. Sometimes, his stories would change direction unexpectedly. His voice would suddenly grow even gruffer, or his eye would grow somehow blacker, and he’d change course entirely. Emir wondered if he were avoiding talking about Gunnar’s mother. He wondered what had happened to her, how this little boy had become the unspoken mascot on this ship.
Duggan, he could see, was a good influence on the boy. Gunnar obviously loved his father, but when Duggan came in the room, the boy straightened up without being told, as if he were eager to please him. He would beam widely and show Duggan something Zara’d shown him with the dagger, or offer him food, or inform him of his impending marriage with Zara. Each time Duggan would lower himself to Gunnar’s level, his eyes gleaming and his huge dimples showing, and the boy’s face would beam as he spoke to him. Not that the boy was ever bad, but in Duggan’s presence, the boy became more polite, more obedient, more dignified. 
Duggan seemed to have this effect on the entire crew. True, as Gunthar had said, these men might grumble and complain all day long behind Duggan’s back, but as he walked through their midst, their backs would straighten almost imperceptibly. He never shouted orders, never belittled, never was rude or sarcastic or snarky, like Emir had always imagined a pirate to be. He never used vulgarity. Never complained. Always uplifted, encouraged, and admired their work. If there were corrections to be made, it was done respectfully. He was approachable, but firm, expecting the best his men had to give every second of the day. 
And the man never stopped. He was constantly on the move, supervising, overseeing, attending to needs, and working right alongside his crew. As Emir watched, a giant delivery was made of goods and supplies, which Duggan directed cheerfully and helped carry into the galley, below deck, above deck, and wherever else all those boxes went. He was inspiring to watch, actually. How could someone so young take charge of so many rough men, many of them twice his age, and do it so excellently and so elegantly? It was no wonder Gunthar admired him so.
Emir had seated himself on a bar stool, having been put to work by Gunthar. He had told him about his family’s bakery, and Gunthar had invited him to make one of his family’s bread recipes for the crew. He’d taken off his jacket and was up to his arms in dough, covered in flour. He didn’t think he’d ever made quite such a large batch before, but they had several humongous ovens that would make his father drool. Apparently, this was a hungry crew. Gunthar was working on some type of stew to go with the bread. It already smelled mouthwatering and so far he hadn’t even thrown any of the vegetables into the pots. 
Emir had learned a thing or two from watching him already. He’d wondered how someone who cooked for so many people day in and day out could keep their kitchen . . . or galley . . . so spotless. Gunthar cleaned as he went. Chop a bunch of carrots, throw them into a bowl, wipe down the counter. Chop a bunch of potatoes, throw them into another bowl, wipe down the counter. When he was ready, he’d dump the bowls of chopped vegetables into the giant pots, then scrub out the bowls. He worked feverishly, never seeming to tire of the task at hand. In fact, Emir had the distinct impression that he was extremely grateful for it. He buried himself in his cooking to drown out painful memories, keeping himself constantly busy from sunup to sundown. He worked steadily, though, at a solid pace, never rushed. His steps were measured. His chops were measured. And, for the most part, his words were measured. He would frequently glance at his son to make sure he was safe, behaving, and not being negatively affected by anything that came from his father’s mouth. A protective, gentle giant of a father. It made Emir’s heart swell. He wondered if he was glowing beneath that thick layer of flour.
 Many times, Emir caught Zara looking at him coyly. His heart would leap, his pulse would race, and his hands and arms would turn all achy and clammy. Sheesh! Witchcraft at its finest! He caught himself wondering how she would look all covered in flour and felt goofy and ashamed. Not that his thoughts were bad, but . . . If she only could read his mind. The way she kept looking at him, he thought maybe she could.
He was grateful to be kneading dough. It had always been a great outlet. He’d loved playing with dough since he was a kid. Now he looked at all the rising dough on the counters and figured it would fill his father’s whole bakery. Time to clean all that up. Before he could, he heard a familiar voice behind him. Andres was back. And he had a girl with him.
***
Zara had been having the time of her life playing with Gunnar, showing him moves with her dagger, taking tours of the Aisling with Emir, listening to Gunthar’s stories . . . But she had to admit to herself that the highlight of her day had been watching Emir knead all that dough. He looked so cute covered in flour, and the way his arm, chest, and shoulder muscles worked that dough, and the looks he was giving her . . . Well, she was worried she might be the one to pass out this time. She didn’t think she’d mind if she did. Not if it meant waking up in those arms.
Whew!
He was looking at her, and she realized she’d been staring. She sheepishly looked away, turning her attention back to Gunnar, who was waving her dagger around. He really loved that thing. She smiled. She’d been his age when Jabar had given it to her. It had been her most prized possession. She missed Jabar.
Just then, Andres appeared in the door, a girl behind him. Her lips parted in a small gasp when she saw the girl. Not because the girl was pretty, which she certainly was, or because she looked totally hip with her nose rings, but because of what Zara saw behind her. On her back, a giant pair of glowing blue wings protruded, like she’d always imagined angel wings, but bigger. She wasn’t sure how the girl fit through the door. Though, if Zara was the only one who could see them, then . . . 
“Tenshi,” the girl said, sidestepping Andres and holding out her hand to Zara. “I trust you know who I am?”
“Yes,” said Zara, shaking Tenshi’s hand. Tenshi had a firm, no-nonsense handshake.
“Good. And you must be the girl with the glowing eye thing who convinced Pilot to go to Africa. Even though he hasn’t made it there yet, I see.”
“Yes,” said Zara again, glancing at Gunnar and Gunthar, whose eye flicked up briefly, then returned to his work. 
Tenshi followed her gaze. “I’m sorry. Didn’t they know?”
“No.” 
“Oh. I thought they might glow all the time. My bad.” Then she turned to the room in general and announced, “Hey, her eyes glow.”
“Really?!” said Gunnar. “Can you show me?” Gunthar grunted.
Tenshi ignored them both. “There. Now that that’s settled, we need a plan. Wanna go with me to break Pilot out?”
“When?”
“Now.”
“Okay.” 
“Woah, woah, woah!” said Emir, wiping off his arms and hands. Tenshi turned to look at him.
“You must be the other one,” Tenshi said, extending her hand. 
Emir ignored it. “What do you mean, Zara’s going with you? Isn’t that dangerous?”
Zara blushed. “Emir, I’ve been in danger before.”
“Yeah, but not willingly! Not on my watch, anyway!” he said, immediately looking sheepishly at her, but not backing down. “Why should she go risk herself to save Pilot?”
“I like Pilot,” Zara said.
“I like him, too,” he protested. “That’s not the point!” 
“Then what is the point?” asked Tenshi, hands now on her hips. He was significantly taller than her, but she looked like she was more than ready for a stare-down.
“I . . . she can’t just . . .”
“Why not, Emir?” Zara asked, not unkindly. “He would do it for me. You know that.”
“I know, but . . .” Emir ran his hand through his hair in exasperation. He hadn’t gotten all the flour off, so he now had it caked in his hair. “Fine, then I’m coming with you,” he said decisively.
“Emir, you can’t,” said Zara. 
“What?! Why not?!”
“Because . . . you’re covered in flour. And your eyes don’t glow. And—” She didn’t want to hurt his feelings, but she also didn’t want him to plunge himself into danger. She’d seen him in battle before. Not good. “And you are needed here. Isn’t that right, Gunthar.”
“Aye,” said Gunthar, right on cue. Zara beamed at him gratefully. Already their minds were working as one. “Gotta help me with all this bread.”
“But . . .” Emir said, helpless. Zara’s heart ached for him. But he’d already been injured once, and she knew he could act rashly when it came to protecting her. She couldn’t stand to see him hurt like that again. 
Tenshi said, “We need to leave now. No time to lose. Not sure how long they’ll hold him at this location, since he’s wanted elsewhere. Many places, in fact, though they might not realize it’s him yet . . .” Her voice trailed off, as if these words were directed more to herself than everyone else.
Zara stepped forward, placing a hand on his arm. His arm . . .
Steeling herself, she looked into his poor lost face. “Emir, I’ll be all right. I promise.”
“But . . .”
She placed a finger on his lips. “Shhhh.”  Then, her heart fluttering wildly, she did something even she didn’t expect. She reached up, pulled his head down, and pressed her lips against his. First, he seemed to resist, a protest still on his mouth. But then he relaxed, his muscles slackening. He placed his hands tenderly behind her head and back. She was lost. The world had disappeared. It was only Zara and Emir, floating out into space, into blackness and stars, spinning . . . 
Suddenly, she remembered where she was, felt the ground beneath her feet, and remembered something called air. Pushing away from him, she gasped. She opened her eyes. He was looking at her with longing, sadness, hurt. Her heart ached. 
She pulled away from him. “I’m sorry, Emir,” she breathed. “I must go.” And she left him standing there, covered in flour, looking like she had just crushed his soul.





Chapter 39
Tenshi climbed into Vivian with Zara and Andres, who assumed his position in the captain’s chair. She’d been impressed with his skills before, but flying a plane on demand when he’d never flown one before, with no instruction whatsoever, was really raising the bar for her expectations.
“All right,” Tenshi said as soon as they were all seated. She pulled out her device, which allowed her access to basically any computer system anywhere because . . . well . . . genius. She started pushing buttons and typing away at it as she spoke and Andres lifted the plane back into the air. Zara leaned over her shoulder.
“What’s that?” she asked curiously.
“Oh, this? Just a little thing I made that’s awesome. Wanna see?”
Zara nodded. Tenshi swiped her finger across the screen and a holographic image of the same screen popped up in the air. Zara gasped. Tenshi grinned. “Pretty cool, huh?”
“Yeah,” Zara breathed, amazed. “So, what’s the plan? Is there one?”
“Ooh, I like you already,” Tenshi said, turning around to look at her appreciatively. “A girl who doesn’t even care if there’s a plan. Isn’t that great, Andres?” 
“Zara’s pretty great,” said Andres, a smile playing at his lips. He glanced in the rearview mirror at Zara, who smiled gratefully. Tenshi made a mental note to make them tell her all about what had happened the past few days. But that would have to wait. First things first. 
“Yeah, I gathered that,” she said. “At least, that other guy thinks so.” She turned back to Zara. “That was really hot back there, by the way.”
Zara’s face turned beet red. “What was?”
“All of it.” Tenshi smirked. She’d have to fill Pilot in later. “Now, about this breakout. Usually I just go in and get him, but I don’t usually have helpers, and since he’s already all over the news, I figure we should do this as discreetly as possible. You know, undercover. Quick in and out. No big bangs or explosions. Don’t want to draw any more attention than we already have. Or . . . than Pilot already has, anyway.”
“How do you usually do it by yourself?” Zara asked.
Tenshi grinned at her wickedly. “Oh, you don’t wanna know.” She saw Andres grip the controls tighter. “Now, as I was saying, I can break into the security system. In fact, I just . . . did.” She pushed a button, satisfied. “Also, I’m going to break into the international database and create a new ID for each of you.”
“What about you?” Zara asked. 
“Oh, I don’t need a new one. I’ve already got like a ton of them to choose from.”
Zara looked incredulously at Andres, who noticed in the rearview mirror and said, “I know! She’s a brilliant hacker. She made me an ID that allowed me to live in Kandahar for—”
“Yeah, we all know,” Tenshi broke in. “Anyway, in the interest of time, let me tell you. You’re both prison guards from the Peshawar Penitentiary, international crime unit. You’ve come to transfer Pilot Winthrop, wanted criminal in twenty-one countries—”
Andres gasped. 
“Twenty-one countries?!” exclaimed Zara.
Tenshi gaped at her as if this should be obvious. “Yes, twenty-one countries. He is a criminal mastermind, you know. Just for the good guys,” she clarified. “Any-who, we are going to walk in the front doors of the prison, located . . . here.” 
The holographic image changed to an image of the prison. Tenshi could see it wasn’t what Zara had always imagined when she’d thought prison. It was a rectangular box made out of cement in the fashion of most of the buildings in Karachi. The only window was barred, and the roof was made out of lumber, like a makeshift raft someone had thrown over top of it. It was obvious their prison system was lacking funds. Tenshi pointed to what appeared to be the building’s only door. 
“Can’t we just . . . raise the roof or something and lift him out?” Zara asked, obviously underwhelmed by the sight of the prison.
“Well, we probably could, but . . . like I said . . . we at least gotta try to keep it hush-hush. So, we’ll just go in and—” 
“Wait, don’t we have disguises or something?” Zara asked.
 Tenshi looked at her. “Thought you didn’t need a plan.” She sighed. “We’ll just . . . tell them we were called in on our day off and happened to be in the area or something.”
"In the area, all the way from Peshawar?”  
Tenshi gave it some thought, then shrugged. "Why not?"
"Won't they wonder where our transfer vehicle is?" asked Andres.
"We'll just have to use this. There is a way to turn off the reflective surface so the plane can be seen. They'll be too dumb to question it."
"Let's hope so," said Zara.
"So," said Tenshi. "Pretty straightforward in and out. Should be an easy one."
"Well, here we are," said Andres as he landed the plane. He rummaged around under his seat for a minute, shoving something into a shoulder-bag as Tenshi fiddled with her device. 
"All set!" Tenshi said cheerfully.
Outside the door of the prison were two guards with machine guns. The prison itself was in a quiet, dusty valley surrounded by trees. There were no other buildings in sight, just a dirt road that wound between trees to the front of the prison. The evening sun was casting everything into shadow. As they approached the guards at the front door, the guards tensed.
Tenshi spoke confidently. “We are here for the international criminal. We’ve come to move him to Peshawar Penitentiary, where he will await trial. I assume he’s still here?”
The guards looked at each other and started speaking in Urdu. One seemed to be trying to convince the other of something, and for a brief moment Tenshi worried that maybe they weren’t as stupid as she’d hoped they would be.  
Suddenly, unexpectedly, Andres spoke to her under his breath. “Let me handle this,” he murmured. Then, turning to the guards, he began to speak forcefully and confidently in Urdu. Tenshi wasn’t sure what he was saying, but she had to force her eyebrows not to shoot up in surprise. As he spoke, understanding began to dawn across the men’s faces. One of them looked at Tenshi questioningly and Andres said something that, even in a different language, sounded sarcastic, gesturing towards his head. The guards laughed, looking from him to Tenshi. Then they good-naturedly stepped aside to allow them entrance.
“What did you tell them?” Tenshi muttered.
“You don’t want to know,” said Andres smugly.
“Touché,” said Tenshi, pleasantly surprised at his gumption.
The front desk was located in a small room with papers hanging everywhere and piled on the desk, a small rotating fan blowing them around. The guard who sat there wore a deep frown on his fat face, probably from misuse, as he didn’t get much business here. He perked up when he saw them, as if they were the first people to have walked through the door all day. His eyes widened, then narrowed again in suspicion as he took in their appearance. 
Andres quickly said something to the man in Urdu. The man’s brow creased as he listened, his eyes occasionally glancing over to Tenshi and Zara. Then Andres said something that sounded sarcastic again and the man grunted, smirking, his eyes flashing back over to Tenshi.
“Yes, I speak English,” he said, but with a thick accent. “I will need to check your credentials.”
Not knowing what Andres had already told the man, she looked to him for an answer, which he readily supplied. “As I said, we were not on duty today, but you will find us in the international database.”
The man grunted and leaned forward, turning his ancient computer screen towards him. He typed slowly and they waited for what seemed like an eternity for him to pull up the database. Tenshi silently cursed his outdated technology. She was relieved to know Pilot was, indeed, still there, as they hadn’t been told otherwise, but she hated leaving him in a cell so long. She knew how much it got to him. This man needed to hurry up.
Finally, the man said, “Names?”
“Ahmed Mustafa,” Tenshi supplied quickly, “Talisha Badat, and Zaida Hadi.” She was glad she had just created their names on the way there. Otherwise, she might not have remembered them.
After several minutes, the man’s computer finally had produced the desired results, pulling up the pictures Tenshi had taken of them in the plane, doctored, and uploaded to their fake IDs, and he seemed satisfied. He stood, grabbed the large iron set of keys hanging on the wall behind him, and opened the gate. 
Tenshi was so glad this wasn’t a high security prison. There were a couple security cameras attached to the walls, but that was it. There was exactly one short, dingy hallway, lit only by the dim light on the guard desk at the other end of the hall. Here and there, tiny patches of light fell onto the floor from the small, high window and the holes in the roof’s thatching, but otherwise it might’ve been the darkest, most depressing place Tenshi had ever seen. Also, though the floors were bare, the whole place reeked of sweat, mold, urine, and feces. Tenshi was glad she hadn’t eaten all day.
Between the two ends of the hallway lie two small, barred cells. One of these was empty. The other housed Pilot. He had assumed his usual rotting-in-prison position, sitting on the floor, back against the wall, knees pulled up in front of him with a chain around his ankles, arms draped over them with his wrists cuffed together, face masked with a smug smirk, staring straight in front of him. Tenshi frowned. Her back ached to think of how long he’d been sitting there by now. His face looked up when he heard the guards speaking, and recognition dawned across his face when he saw Tenshi, his eyes widening even more as he took in Andres and Zara. Though he was expert at masking his features, Tenshi could see relief and gratitude in his eyes. Also, there was something else there. Was that gleefulness? 
She tore her eyes away from Pilot and tried to pretend she was actually listening to the conversation that was taking place in Urdu, but she didn’t understand a word. All she wanted to do was get her friend and get out of here. 
The guard at the back didn’t look too happy, like the other guard was taking his toy away, but he huffed and grabbed the key off his belt, sticking it into Pilot’s cell door. Pilot jumped to his feet, biting his lip to contain the smile that was just dying to show itself. He was practically bouncing on his toes in eagerness, and Tenshi wished the first guard didn’t speak any English so she could remind him to keep it together. They still had an act to perform until they were safely out of here. She risked a nervous glance at the guards and the security cameras. Neither of the guards looked suspicious of them. She had gained control of the security cameras, so she could delete any footage of them once they were safely out of here. Then she would also delete the fake IDs so they couldn’t be found again. So far, everything was going according to plan. 
They were inside the cell, the prison guard complaining to Andres in Urdu, when suddenly voices started shouting outside. Footsteps came pounding down the hallway. One of the guards from the front was urgently speaking in Urdu to the other guards, who suddenly turned angry eyes on the four of them. Andres’ face turned gray. This wasn’t good. 
Before Tenshi understood what was happening, a few other people emerged into view with the remaining guard from the front. Tenshi’s heart sank. Peshawar Penitentiary tags hung on their uniforms. The real transport crew had arrived.





Chapter 40
Pilot’s head was spinning, which was a new emotion for him. First, he’d been afraid Andres might not have told Tenshi where he was, and that Tenshi might never show up. Then, not only Tenshi, but Zara and Andres, whom he’d never in a million years thought would come back for him, were there, too. And now here were the real prison guards that were supposed to take him to Peshawar, and there appeared to be no way out. They needed time.
“Zara!” Pilot shouted. “Your eyes!” 
A moment’s hesitation, then realization passed over her face, and she whirled towards the guards, who were now pointing their guns at all of them angrily. They were all standing with their hands raised when Zara’s eyes started to glow so brightly that they all said “aaaarrrgh” and held their arms over their eyes so they wouldn’t be blinded. Ha! Try shooting them now!
Pilot couldn’t really see what was happening, but he heard shuffling and an “oomph”, followed by a thud and a loud clang. Then, the sound of a key turning inside a lock. When the glow from Zara’s eyes had dimmed, Pilot realized she had disarmed the guard, stolen his key, knocked him back through the door of the cell onto his rear end, then locked the door, all while everyone else had been temporarily blinded. 
“Blimey,” he said, impressed. 
As if an afterthought, Zara suddenly got a fierce expression on her face, her eyes glowing impossibly brighter this time, and a wall of fire erupted on the concrete floor between themselves and the guards on the other side of the bars. 
“BLIMEY!” Pilot said, awestruck. The guards were shouting, and though he couldn’t see what was happening over there, it sounded to him like their shouts were receding, as if they were running away. 
For a moment, everyone stood staring at Zara, who seemed to be the only one with her wits together, though she looked pleased with herself. “The roof,” she said. They all looked up, still gaping. She turned on her headlights again and shot them towards the roof, which burst into flame. She seemed to be concentrating. Could she control the fire? It seemed so. In no time, a large hole with singed edges gaped open above them. For the first time, Pilot could tell what time it was. Hazy evening light shone down on them. Zara looked at Tenshi, who seemed speechless for once. “You can fly, right?”
Tenshi seemed to shake off her awe, which was quickly replaced with confusion. “Yeah, I mean . . .” she stammered, eyeing Zara warily.
“She can levitate,” Pilot grinned. 
Her brow furrowed. “But I can’t lift you all out of here. Too bad we don’t have a rope or something.”
Andres cleared his throat. He had reached into his bag when no one was looking and pulled out the spare rope ladder Pilot usually kept under his seat. Pilot’s grin widened. 
“NICE!” he said, nodding. Andres looked pleased. 
“Great!” said Tenshi, holding out her hand. Andres gave her the ladder, and she shot upwards, causing Zara to gasp as if this were somehow impressive to someone who could shoot fireballs out of her eyes. Well . . . not exactly, but . . . close enough. He’d have to think of a really cool nickname for her later.
Tenshi was on the roof, tossing the rope ladder down. Pilot stood back, waiting his turn, but Andres and Zara insisted he go up first. Something inside him turned all warm and mushy. He thought maybe he’d been sitting in that stench too long. Or maybe it was his lack of sleep, making him all loopy and giddy. Or his lack of food. Or—
“Pilot, don’t just stand there! We came for you! Let’s go!”  Tenshi was shouting down at him. 
He shook his head. “Right.” Then he awkwardly climbed up the rope ladder, which was more difficult than usual with his hands and feet chained together. Tenshi was leaning back, straining to hold the ladder, which he squatted down and took from her hands once he was up on the roof. She gave him a quizzical look but did not protest. 
“Allow me,” he said, grinning at her. She looked at him like there was something wrong. Yup. He was definitely loopy. He had the unexplainable desire to giggle, but holding the ladder as they climbed up took all his strength and focus. He needed to get these darn cuffs off. 
Once they were all up on the roof, he straightened painfully. He looked down and realized the guards were all in front staring at them, angry and amazed. He grinned and waved at them. 
“Get down!” Zara cried, pulling them down into crouching position as a round of shots was fired at them. 
“Crap,” said Tenshi. 
“I’ve got this,” said Zara, standing up and shooting more fire, not at the guards but at the front edge of the roof, creating another wall of fire between them. Something started sparking along the undamaged part of the roof, towards the center. 
“CRAP!” Tenshi yelled. “JUMP!”  They all jumped as far as they could and landed behind the back of the prison with thuds, grunting and rolling, except for Tenshi, who landed on her feet gracefully beside them. Just then, the prison exploded with a loud BANG! 
“RUN!” said Tenshi, as they all scrambled to their feet and ran towards the grove of trees behind the prison. When they reached the trees, Pilot turned to see the damage. All that remained of the prison was a giant burning pile of rubble between them and the guards. It looked like some of the guards were gaping, some panicking, some pointing in the direction of the trees, encouraging someone else to go after the fugitives, but none of them were willing. 
“Let’s go,” said Andres. 
“What about Vivian?” Pilot could see his plane sitting behind the guards on the other side of the crime scene, her reflective surface having apparently been turned off. 
Tenshi placed her hand on his shoulder. “She’s taking one for the team. We’ll come back for her later. Right now, let’s just get you out of here, bud.”
Pilot stared at Vivian, then nodded reluctantly, pulling his eyes away from her. “We’ll come back for you, girl,” he muttered. “I promise.” Then he pulled himself away and they all crept off stealthily through the trees.
***
Once they had gone several miles, they stopped to rest. It was dark now, but they didn’t dare risk a light. Pilot’s lower back ached from sitting against that wall for . . . how long had it been? Nine hours? Ten hours? Anyway, too long. He was glad to be out of there. 
Andres had seated himself on a rock, Zara against the base of a tree, and Tenshi was about to plop down when Pilot said, “Hey.” He was grinning when Tenshi looked at him. Before she could protest, he brought both hands over her head, down over her shoulders, squeezing her as tightly as he could, and spun her around. 
“What. Are. You. DOING?” she laughed, kicking wildly. “Put. Me. DOWN!”
Pilot grinned and set her down on the ground, but he didn’t let go. Instead, he gave her a great big smooch on the forehead. 
“YUCK!” she said, trying to reach up and wipe it off, but she couldn’t reach up because his broad shoulders and big arms were in the way. Instead, she wiped it on his shirt. His chin scratched her forehead. “You need to shave!”
“Tenshi, you’re the BEST,” he said sincerely, ignoring her last comment.
“Yeah, I know,” she said. “Now let me go.”
Pilot laughed and pulled his arms back up over her head. Then he turned to Zara. 
“Didn’t expect to see you,” he said brightly, still grinning. 
Zara smiled. “I guess you wouldn’t have.”
“How did you convince Emir to let you out of his clutches?”
Zara’s face clouded as she blushed. 
“Oh, he didn’t give her up without a fight,” said Tenshi. “And you missed a really hot kiss.”
“WHAT?!” said Pilot, his face falling. Zara’s face turned so red it looked like it might explode like that prison back there, so he decided to bite back further comment. Instead, he turned his attention to Andres. He walked over and planted himself in front of him. Andres looked up. Pilot held out his hand. Andres looked at it for a moment, then got to his feet, looking Pilot square in the face, and shook it firmly.
“Thank you,” said Pilot, feeling a weird lump forming in his throat. He made a gaggy sound to choke it down. 
Andres smirked. “You’re my partner, aren’t you?”
Pilot smirked back. “Yeah. Yeah, I am,” he said. 
They broke their handshake and Andres sat back down on his rock. Feeling full, Pilot found a soft-looking patch of undergrowth and laid down on his belly with a deep sigh. It felt so good to stretch out this way. Before he could stop himself, he’d fallen fast asleep.
***
When he opened his eyes, it was still dark. 
“The beast awakes,” said Tenshi. 
“Where are we?” he mumbled, pushing himself up off the ground. He stood all the way up, rocking back on his heels, then steadied himself and took in his surroundings.
“Oh, about three miles northwest of the bay,” said Zara.
He raised impressed eyebrows at her. “How do you know that?” he asked. 
Zara tapped her head, smirking. “Built-in compass.”
“We should start heading back,” said Andres. “They may be looking for us. We can’t take too long.”
Pilot realized he was the only one who’d slept. 
“Sorry,” he said. “I didn’t mean to—”
“It’s okay, bud,” Tenshi said from her perch on a tree branch. “We decided you needed it. Anyway, Zara and I have been catching up. Seems we have a lot in common.” 
Andres snorted. “We have a lot to fill you in on, partner.”
Pilot stood straighter. He’d never been given the title of ‘partner’ before. It made his chest swell. What had happened to him in that prison?
“Well, then let’s go,” he said. “You can all fill me in on the way back to the ship. Zara, lead the way.” He gestured to her with both arms. Zara looked at them before she stood. 
“Not yet,” she said. “Sit. There.” She pointed to a place on the ground behind Andres’ rock. Andres moved out of the way.
Pilot shot her a questioning look but did as he was told. She stood, bent down and raised her pant leg, then drew a long, sharp, bejeweled dagger from a sheath strapped above her ankle. This girl was just full of surprises, wasn’t she?
“Where did you get that?” Andres asked, apparently as impressed as Pilot was.
“Gunthar gave it to me.” She examined the blade closely, running her fingers up and down both sides, then shrugged, seeming satisfied. “Hands.” She nodded to the rock. Pilot understood. He placed his hands before him on either side of the rock, the chain stretched between them. 
“Are you sure this will work?” he asked, gulping. 
Zara ignored him. She closed her eye in concentration. Then, before Pilot could scream or roll out of the way, she swiftly spun in a circle and sliced the dagger down through the air towards the rock. A metallic cliiiiiiinnnnnnggggg echoed through the air. Pilot realized he’d squeezed his eyes shut. He forced one eye open, then a wide grin spread across his face as he saw two ends of the chain lying beside each other. The chain had been severed, sliced clean through.
“Now your feet,” Zara instructed. Pilot leaned back on his newly freed hands and stuck his feet out in front of him, spreading them as widely apart as possible. He closed his eyes, unable to watch again, hearing a few more swishing sounds and another metallic clang. When he dared open his eyes, that chain had been severed, as well. 
“Heeeeeyyyyy,” he said, delighted. Her face unreadable, Zara reached down and helped him to his feet. 
“How did you know that would work?” he asked. 
“I didn’t,” she shrugged. She examined the blade again, a new admiration in her eyes, and reached down to resheath it. “I’m sure Duggan has a way to get those cuffs off on the ship.”
Shaking his hands and feet out giddily, Pilot said, “All right! Well, what are we waiting for, then? Let’s go!” 
Tenshi floated down from her branch, which made Zara gasp every time, it seemed. 
Tenshi shot her an amused sideways grin. “What? You’ve seen me do that before, haven’t you?”
“Yes, but . . .” Zara stammered breathlessly, “your wings are        so . . . beautiful!”
“Wait, what . . . wings?!” said Pilot.
Tenshi laughed. Zara smiled.
“Like I said, we have a lot to fill you in on,” said Andres, patting his partner’s shoulder. 
Zara started walking, leading the way, while Tenshi and Andres followed in her footsteps with Pilot trailing behind, bewildered. He certainly couldn’t see any wings. 





Chapter 41
Emir had been pacing the deck all night, unable to even think about sleeping. Duggan had graciously offered to wait up with him, but Emir wouldn’t hear of it. As the first light of dawn broke above the horizon to the east, Emir’s heart sank into his feet. What was taking them so long?
The prison was not far from here. It had taken Andres and Duggan only an hour or so to return on foot after Pilot had been arrested, and this time they’d been flying. Emir’s stomach was in knots, his head filled with all sorts of images of things that could go horribly wrong. He had no idea what this prison looked like, but the one in Peshawar was a giant, heavily fortified complex with electrified fences, bright lights, watchtowers and guards surrounding it every few yards. He wondered if they’d even managed to get inside without getting gunned down. He remembered at least one movie in which someone broke out through a tunnel system, and wondered if this could be the case, or if they’d tried to smuggle him out. 
Emir was lost in these thoughts when he heard voices and footsteps in the distance, coming down the dock. He ran to the edge of the ship and could make out four forms, the first of which he’d recognize anywhere. 
He ran to her, taking Zara in his arms. “Where have you been?” he asked, shaking with nerves. “I’ve been so worried!”
“Have you been up all night?” Zara asked, as if she were actually surprised. 
“Have I—?” Emir let out a huff. “Of course I have! Did you actually think I could sleep?” He took her face in both hands and she beamed up at him. “Don’t you ever, ever, EVER do that to me again,” he said earnestly.
“Hey, kiss her again!” Pilot shouted from the back of the line. 
Emir grinned. “Nice to see you made it out alive,” he said, pulling Zara close with an arm around her shoulders.
Tenshi smirked. “Yeah, he didn’t want Zara to help rescue you,” she goaded.
Emir started to protest but Pilot laughed. “No, I imagine he didn’t. No hard feelings, chap,” he said. “Actually, if it weren’t for her we might all be dead now. Or worse . . . all captured.”
Emir thought Pilot might have his priorities mixed up, but he didn’t say anything, just looked at Zara as his chest swelled with pride. She blushed.
“What did you do?” Emir asked, awed.
“Oh, I just . . . um . . .”
“Just nothing!” Pilot said. “Just blew up the building, that’s all.” 
“You WHAT?!” Emir shouted, turning her towards him. “Blew up the . . . what?!”
She bit her lip, fighting back a smile. “At least no one got hurt,” she said bashfully.
“Well, well, well,” said Duggan, stepping up behind them, grinning. “The fugitives have returned!”
Pilot looked at him, his eyes suddenly serious and full of apology. “Look, mate, I’m sorry to break it to you, but we have to get going. We might have been followed, and I don’t want to put your crew in danger. The thing is, our vessel was compromised. Do you think you could possibly hook us up with something? Anything will do at this point.”
Duggan looked hurt. “What do you think this is?”
Pilot balked, confused.
“This is your ship now, too,” Duggan clarified. “What belongs to me, belongs to my friends. Besides, we were leaving today, anyway. Our business here is done.”
Pilot stared at him for a moment, dumbfounded, then extended his hand gratefully. “I cannot tell you what this means to us, mate. Thank you so much.” 
Duggan’s eyes sparkled as he shook Pilot’s hand firmly. “Aye,” he said, his dimples deepening. “Now, where to? I’ll rouse the men.”
“Africa?” said Pilot.
“Done.” Duggan turned and hastened back to the ship, leaving the others standing in grateful awe on the deck. 
“So, what happened back there?” Emir asked as they all boarded the Aisling, their new temporary home.
“Oh, it was AWESOME!” Pilot said, eager to tell the story. “First they got there, acting like guards from Peshawar, then the real guards got there, then Zara’s eyes glowed, blinding everyone, then she kicked out the guard in the cell and shot fire at them all, then she burned a hole in the roof, then Tenshi flew up and—”
“Woah, woah, woah,” said Emir. “Tenshi flew?”
“Turns out I have wings!” Tenshi beamed. 
“You have WINGS?” Emir blinked at her.
“Yeah, but only she can see them.” She nodded at Zara, who looked sheepishly at Emir, who stood there gaping.
“Yeah, so luckily Andres had thought to grab the rope ladder,” Pilot continued, unable to contain himself any longer. “And they let me climb out first, and we got out on the roof, and then they started shooting and Zara did her fire wall thing again and . . . and we jumped and the whole thing went boom . . .” He was still telling the story, but his face had fallen as he looked at Tenshi, then back to Zara, as if something awful had occurred to him. They all stopped walking and looked at him.
“What?” asked Tenshi.
“Fire wall,” said Pilot. Tenshi gaped at him a moment, then her eyes widened and both of them looked at Zara, who looked suddenly nervous. 
“What?” she said, inching slightly closer to Emir.
“Have you ever done that before?” asked Tenshi.
“What? The fire thing?” 
Tenshi nodded.
“Once. The night my village was attacked. An evil man, Hazeem, he attacked me and . . .” she paused, reliving the moment, “and Emir stepped in front of me to stop him.” She shot a grateful glance at Emir and hugged his arm. “I was angry and I lost control, and I somehow made fire erupt between us, which is how I knew I could do it tonight. But that time, it was a ring, not a wall, really. It formed a ring around me and the people I cared about.” She turned an emotion-filled eye to Emir again, leaving Tenshi and Pilot free to exchange glances without her watching them.
“Zara,” said Tenshi, placing a gentle hand on Zara’s arm. Her eyes were sad. Emir looked at Pilot, whose face had darkened.
“Let’s go find a place to sit down,” said Tenshi quietly. “We have something to tell you.”
***
Emir held Zara comfortingly as she wiped the tears from her face. Men were stirring on deck already, readying the ship for her journey, as Pilot and Tenshi finished relating the tale of their last reconnaissance mission. Tenshi’s eyes were red and she kept a hand on Zara’s leg; Pilot kept swallowing and blinking, like he was fighting hard to keep from tears himself. Emir’s face was wet, his chin rested on top of Zara’s head. Andres sat still and pale, looking down at his trembling hands.
“I didn’t even know most of them,” Zara said regretfully. Then something seemed to occur to her. She looked up. “How well do you remember?”
Tenshi and Pilot shared a look. “Every detail,” Tenshi said. Pilot had been careful not to speak the whole time, as if afraid his voice might betray him. 
“Did you see . . . an older woman . . .” her voice caught and Emir stepped in, giving the best description he could of Natara and Jabar. Tenshi and Pilot listened attentively, then looked at each other and shook their heads. 
Emir started to feel hopeful. “They would’ve been together, towards the back of the camp,” he said.
“No,” said Tenshi. “We saw no one like that.”
Zara bit her lip and looked up, relieved, then covered her face with her hands. When she brought them down, her face was full of hope and gratitude. 
“Thank you,” she said to Pilot and Tenshi. Pilot cleared his throat and looked away, pretending to be looking at something. Tenshi smiled and nodded at her, swallowing.
Zara turned to Emir, her eyes glistening. “Excuse me,” she said, patting his leg. Then she stood and walked to the bow of the ship, leaning over the rail, gazing out over the water.
***
At breakfast, all of them sat on the deck together, enjoying their food and catching each other up on . . . well . . . everything. The ship was on its way to Africa. Men bustled around, having eaten their fill. Duggan disappeared for a while, then returned with a plate of food and sat down with them to eat. 
“Haven’t you eaten yet?” asked Emir, suddenly feeling guilty.
“I always let my crew eat first,” Duggan said casually. “So, what’s the plan?”
“It’s your ship,” said Pilot.
“We are pirates,” said Duggan, his eyes twinkling. “We have no plans.”
“Well,” said Zara thoughtfully, hesitantly. She seemed to be considering something. “I have to tell you something.” Duggan waited patiently for her to continue. “The first night, when I told you I was drawn to you?”
“Aye?” he asked.
“Well . . .” Zara glanced around. “It’s because . . . you glow.”
Duggan froze, looking down at himself. 
Pilot and Emir both gasped. “He glows, too?!” they exclaimed in unison. 
Zara looked down and bit her lip. 
“Okaaaay,” said Duggan. “So, what does that mean?”
“It means . . .” Zara proceeded to fill him in on everything, from the very beginning, Tenshi and the others interjecting their own knowledge here and there, until it was all out in the open. They had a plan. Zara would find the others. The other stones. The other chosen ones. The other people who glowed and seemed to have something . . . special . . . about them. As Emir looked at them all, however, he thought to himself that they all had something special about them. Right now, they all seemed to be glowing to him. By now, Gunthar and Gunnar had joined them. They seemed to be glowing, too. Emir’s heart swelled and Zara looked at him, an affectionate smile crossing her lips that made his heart nearly leap out of his chest. He had never felt so fulfilled. He missed his family, but here he had found more family. 
“You know,” Duggan said, his eyes full of mischief. “I think I might know where one more stone might be.” They all looked at him. “I’ll be right back.”
Gunthar grunted, as if he knew right where Duggan was going.
Suddenly, Tenshi sat up straight in her chair and said, “Oh! I almost forgot to tell you!” She looked at Andres. “The reason I was so mad when you wouldn’t answer your comm!” She looked at Pilot meaningfully. “The Xbox was stolen.” 
“Wait . . . the Lodestar? It was stolen?” asked Pilot. 
Tenshi nodded vigorously. “I went back to . . . you know . . . hold it again and see if I could see anything else.” She looked somewhat embarrassed. “It was gone.”
“Well,” said Pilot, grasping at straws. “Maybe it wasn’t stolen. Maybe they just moved it somewhere to study it or something.”
“No,” said Tenshi, shaking her head adamantly. “No one had permission to do anything with it. I know, Pilot. I’m the security person. They’re supposed to get permission from me.”
“Well, who would’ve taken it?” he asked rhetorically.
“I don’t know,” said Tenshi. “Apparently someone who had security clearance. Someone in the UFC. Which means . . . security has been breached. Our base has been infiltrated.”
They all sat in stunned silence. Apparently, they had one more thing to look for now. When Duggan returned, he was carrying an ornate box. They all spread out as he sat back down, placing the box in the center of the table. His eyes gleamed around at them all, the light of the sun brilliantly reflecting the red in his hair. Waiting on tenterhooks, everyone leaned forward. Slowly, he opened the box. They all gasped. In the box was a long gun, the barrel elaborately carved, the polished wooden handle shining deep red in the sunlight. And there, set into the center of the handle, was a dazzling blue stone, sparkling with its own life.





Chapter 42
Alastar clomped through the castle, keeping stride with his brother, Seth. Their footsteps reverberated loudly. Alastar had never liked this castle, with its drafts and its echoes. Every surface was cold, hard, and dreary. The windows never let in enough light, and no matter how much the servants cleaned, there was always so much dust in the air. He could see it as he walked through a pillar of light from a high window. This castle was nothing like their warm, bright palace back home. Still, when they had come here, his brother had insisted on this old, gray abandoned castle. It was perfect, he guessed, for Seth’s nefarious purposes. It had a dungeon, an armory, plenty of room for the Loyalists to live their lives and carry out their business. What was more, it was conveniently situated among the mountains, where there was no civilization for miles around and where no one ever came. Besides, it had a beautiful view. He knew he shouldn’t complain. They really couldn’t ask for a more perfect headquarters. Still, he got homesick. 
Seth had been in an awful mood ever since they’d received news of the Lodestar disappearing from Kandahar several days ago. They had sent in a team to retrieve it, only to find that it had been stolen by someone else, presumably the UFC. 
As if this hadn’t been enough, Seth’s mood had worsened with news that the Light had escaped . . . not once, but twice. First, they had received intelligence that a girl with glowing eyes was living in a village. The team they’d sent in had failed to retrieve her, but one of their agents had caught up with her, befriending her and accompanying her to Kandahar, at which point a second team had failed to retrieve her. His brother had been livid. An informant in Kandahar had told them he thought the girl had gone to Peshawar. Angry, Seth had dragged Alastar to Peshawar in person and demanded of the government to turn her over to them or there would be bloodshed. He’d given them three days. They were now on the third day. Now, Alastar braced himself for his brother’s reaction to whatever bad news awaited them in the great hall.
The two bore a striking resemblance. Both brothers were tall, but Alastar stood slightly taller than his twin. His long blonde hair, hazel eyes, and warmer complexion and demeanor made him much more approachable. Seth’s neatly groomed brown hair, sunken dark eyes, and sallow skin stretched over high cheekbones made him look far more formidable, which indeed he was. Nevertheless, Seth was seldom seen without Alastar by his side, never did anything without first getting Alastar’s input, and their reputations were inseparably linked throughout both worlds, for better or for worse.
They arrived in the great hall, where a few men stood waiting for them. As they approached, the men fell to one knee in reverence. 
“You may rise,” said Seth condescendingly. Alastar rolled his eyes.
“I sure hope you’ve brought us good news,” said Alastar drily, barely attempting to hide his sarcasm.
“We have, my liege,” the man said. He and his companions stepped back, revealing a pretty brunette holding a bag. She smiled mischievously. Alastar tensed.
Seth smiled for the first time in days. “Lilitu.” 
“Call me Charly,” she simpered. “I have something for you, my lover.” Alastar almost gagged. She pulled the bag off her shoulder and stepped forward, handing it to him. He raised an eyebrow quizzically as he took it. As he pulled it open, a greedy look crossed his face, his smile widening, his eyes gleaming eerily. Slowly, he reached in the bag and pulled out its contents. 
Alastar gasped. “Is that—”
“Yes,” said Seth. “You have done well. You may go. You,” he turned to Lilitu, “will come to me.”
Alastar sighed and turned away, not wanting to watch them kiss. He couldn’t really stand Lilitu. When his brother spoke again, Alastar turned around.
“We have it, brother,” said Seth, full of emotion. Before he could continue, one of the men spoke again. Alastar realized they hadn’t walked away when dismissed.
Seth’s head shot towards them, not bothering to hide his irritation. 
The man gulped. “I’m sorry, my liege,” he said nervously.         “But . . . well . . . you may want to see this.” 
The man next to him held up a screen, which Seth swiped from his hand. The man stepped back. Seth pressed a button and footage of what looked like a prison break began to play. The footage, taken from a satellite, was of two males and two females on top of the roof of a small prison. A giant hole had been burned through the roof. As they watched, one of the female’s eyes appeared to glow brightly and a wall of fire erupted along the front edge of the building, causing a barrier between themselves and the guards. Suddenly, the other female shouted something and they all jumped off. No . . . not all. The female who had shouted soared straight into the air, landing gracefully beside her companions. The prison exploded, then they all ran off into the woods.
Seth’s eyes blazed dangerously around the room. “Where is this?” he demanded. “Where was this footage taken?”
“In southern Pakistan,” one of the men replied hastily. “Near Karachi.”
Seth held the screen closer, replaying the footage, then freezing it and zooming in on the image of their faces right before they jumped. The resolution was amazing. They could see the faces perfectly.
“You have all done me a great service,” said Seth, looking around at the men proudly. “You will be rewarded.” Then he turned to Alastar. “Come, brother,” he said. “We must go ourselves this time. There will be no more failures. She will not escape us again.”





Chapter 43
Zara stood on the bow of the Aisling, admiring the way the stars reflected on the water. It looked like an endless sky, and she was floating out into it, hope on the horizon, Emir’s arms wrapped tenderly around her, filling her with warmth. She breathed in deeply, closed her eyes, then exhaled slowly, breathing out all of the tension and worry of a whole lifetime. 
“Zara,” Emir whispered.
“Hmm?”
“Are you afraid?” he asked.
“No,” she said, eyes still closed.
“Not even a little?” 
Zara hugged his arms closer to her, smiling. “How could I be? You’re with me.”
“I’m serious,” said Emir, concern in his voice.
“So am I.” She attempted to turn and he loosened his hold on her, keeping his arms wrapped around her as she turned to look in his eyes. “I mean, look what’s happened so far. First, I met you.” Her voice filled with emotion and she paused, her lashes fluttering. “Then, we escaped, met someone who turned out to be bad, but through him we met someone who was good and helped us meet Pilot and Andres. Then I got to meet your family, and . . . sure, we had to leave, but . . . we ended up here, with Duggan and his crew, and I have never felt more at home. Then we met Tenshi, and found out she’s one of the chosen ones, too, and we managed to break Pilot out of prison, and we’re here on this ship, together, sailing to Africa.” She looked up at him, her eyes dancing, his eyes full of deep emotion. She felt the warmth of his heartglow on her face. 
“Emir, I don’t think we are meant to fail,” she said, laying her head on his chest, feeling it gently rise and fall, feeling the powerful beat of his heart. Suddenly, a thought occurred to her. She looked up at him again and asked earnestly, “Are you afraid, Emir?”
He looked at her, then slowly reached up and removed the eyepatch from her face. “No,” he said quietly. “But I was. When I feared I might lose you. I never want to feel that way again.” His tone was solemn, his eyes intense. Zara could not hold his gaze. She glanced down, but he gently raised her head back up to his, his fingers beneath her chin. 
“Zaharina,” he said, and her name had never sounded more beautiful. Then, he was stroking her cheek with his thumb, brushing her scars with his fingers. Then, his lips were touching hers, gently at first, then hungrily, powerfully. Fire exploded inside of her, heat that began in her gut and spread outwards, sending sparks to her fingers and her toes and her chest and her lips, all the way to the top of her head. When he finally pulled away, she was on fire, but she couldn’t tell whether the light was coming from her eyes or from Emir’s heart. 
He held her firmly against him, one hand on the back of her head, one behind her shoulders, breathing deeply into her hair. She had no idea how much time had passed, but it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered right now. Right now, there were no plans. No missions. No Others. No Loyalists. No special rocks. No chosen ones. No wars. No worlds. Only Zara and Emir, standing together at the edge of eternity, chasing a destiny they would choose together by following the light of their hearts.
Acknowledgements

Thank you to our Heavenly Father for answering our prayers and providing us with the inspiration for this story and the ability to write it.
Thank you to John, Sarah, Lily, Alice and Shelby for being so patient as we worked on our book. You dealt with a messy house, ate too much fast food, and were forced to listen to hours and hours of book talk. We couldn’t have done it without your love and support! Best. Family. EVER!
Thank you to Nana for your love and enthusiasm for our story and characters, and for all your great feedback!
Thank you to R.A. Tamsin for your example of following your dreams, and for your help with figuring out the whole self-publishing process.
Thank you to Marissa Meyer for inspiring us to try NaNoWriMo, and for your wonderful stories! 
Thank you to Amelia Dotson for inspiring us with the idea for our favorite character!
Thank you to Jozzy and Emma for your enthusiastic feedback, without which we probably would have given up and not been able to continue.  
Thank you to all our other beta readers: Ben, Madison, Kate, and Angela.
Thank you to Kashif Rana for your beautiful cover art!
Thank you to Imran Abbas, Ralph Fiennes, Chloe Gong, Dylan O’Brien, and Ton Heukels for inspiring us with your beautiful faces and wonderful personalities, which you didn’t even know you were doing. 
Thank you to all our friends and family who encouraged us and expressed interest in reading, and to all those who have picked this book up and opened it. Hopefully you’ve made it this far and aren’t just a back-to-front reader, but if you are, thank you anyway. We hope you decide to start from the beginning!
Finally, thank you people of Earth for your diversity and inspiration. This story is a testament to your spirit, and a reminder that there is nothing we can’t accomplish when united.



About the Authors

Viera and Veronika Landis are a mother-daughter writing team from Dayton, Ohio. Viera enjoys books, music, animals, the outdoors, and being a mom to five beautiful girls. Veronika is an artist who, when not busy creating, usually has her nose in a book or is writing fan fiction. They are the authors of The Lodestar Diaries series and hopefully many, many more books to come.


Check out the next titles in 
The Lodestar Diaries series!






More great titles coming soon…
