The Key of Hearts
Copyright 2013 Mia Rodriguez

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  The book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be distributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized dealer.  Thank you for your support. 

Dedication
To Yasmin Meza.  I can never thank you enough for the help with this lovestory.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33



Chaos

“Human beings live lives of chaos all around them—people trying to steal from each other at any cost, but there is also the chaos of the disruption of status quo.  That’s a good chaos.”  Grandmother Chela.



Chapter 1

If someone would've told Selena Spinoza that she was going to fall deeply in love, she would've told that person he or she was crazy.  TOTALLY NUTS!
Selena didn't crush on guys easily.  She didn't fawn uncontrollably over just any boy, or sigh profoundly at romantic movies, or even spend her waking moments dreaming about true love.
Not like her BFF Moonflower did.
Instead, Selena concentrated on keeping her feet on the ground.  High school was no picnic.  Then the mysterious and very good-looking Xavier Jones had arrived one very strange day.
Nothing in her life had been the same since that chaotic but fateful day.
NOTHING.

  
“Now you know his secret,” the soft woman’s voice pleasantly said in Selena's dream as she had done several times before.  She was obviously talking about Xavier—and yes, his secret was out.  "You now know, really know him," the woman murmured.  The fog around Selena and her was still thick but the woman’s voice sounded closer and much was starting to become visually clearer. Selena could see shapes around them like trees and shrubs, and she was sure they were next to a field of flowers since she could smell the distinct scent of sweet lilacs.
Selena breathed out a deep breath since the creepy yellow eyes from previous dreams were nowhere in sight.  Fully aware that they were probably lurking somewhere as the woman had once said they were, she nevertheless was thankful for their absence of visibility.  They were out of sight—out of mind.  A small smile of relief sat on Selena’s lips as she looked down expecting to find dozens of jagged pieces but instead, the puzzle was in place.  
“It’s together,” Selena exclaimed.
“What picture do you see in it?” the woman asked as if she already knew but wanted Selena to answer.
 Because of the filmy fog, Selena couldn’t quite tell what the complete picture was.  She could see Xavier and herself but nothing else.
“I don’t know,” Selena answered.
“It’s your destiny,” she said simply.
“Who are you?” Selena questioned.  Even in her previous dreams, Selena had never seen the woman but had just heard her voice.
“I’m here to direct you to your fate,” she declared as she stepped in from obscurity, leaving the fog behind her.  “Hello,” she murmured with a smile.
“Hi,” Selena said, extending her hand to the radiant woman appearing to be in her early thirties in front of her.  The woman’s light-brown, shoulder-length hair gleamed and her porcelain face was full of character.  “I’m Selena.”
“I know.  I’m Clara,” she said, shaking Selena’s hand with welcoming clear green eyes.
Selena abruptly woke up.  Her dreams were definitely becoming more vivid, especially after her relationship with Xavier had blossomed.



Chapter 2

As usual, Selena complained after first opening her eyes when her rooster sounded his wake up call.  Even though her love for her animals was stronger than her need for sleep, she still couldn’t help the noisy protests escaping from inside of her.  When Selena walked sleepily to the barn, she witnessed the most spectacular sunrise she had ever seen and her grumbling complaints stopped.  The deep and different shades of orange expanded in the sky and seemed to be igniting in a mesmerizing beauty of fire.  Shimmering pinks and shiny beiges with yellow trim shone in the pastel blue sky.
Selena breathed a vibrant breath, feeling an unbelievable energy coursing through her.  She wondered if Xavier felt this way all the time with the strong energies moving through his body.  And if he did, why would he want to get rid of them?  Why would he want to do away with his ability to move objects with only his mind?  Telekinesis.  Magic.  Magnetism.
When Selena arrived at the barn, she gave her troop a heartfelt good morning.  She started milking Eleanor who suddenly mooed loudly, Antonio Banderas barked incessantly, and the chickens clucked mercilessly.  The rooster stood next to Selena while the rabbit stared protectively at her.
“What’s wrong?” she asked with a furrowed brow.  They hadn’t acted this restless since the day Xavier had arrived in her small town of Gran Estrella in the El Paso area and turned her whole life upside down.
“Don’t you see how beautiful the day is starting out?” she asked, sighing.
Zac Efron jumped from his corner and started to squeal wildly.
“Stop that, Zac,” ordered Selena but he kept making the ruckus. 
Selena harshly pounded her hands together.  “Stop that!”
He hung his head and ambled over to Selena.  Rubbing his snout on her arm, she petted it.
“That’s better,” Selena said soothingly.  “You’re a good boy, Zac, you really are.”
He is such a delicate flower, thought Selena.  Her BFF Moonflower naming him Zac Efron had been a good idea because even a pig needed good self esteem.
Later, at school Selena couldn’t help thinking about how strange her animals had acted.  And what a day it was turning out to be.  She had assumed that the radiant sunrise would bring a beautiful day but instead, it brought the harshest winds she had ever seen.  It almost seemed like a tornado had unleashed itself but because of the mountains, no tornadoes formed in the El Paso area.  Still, the winds were strong enough that they had lifted some roofs off houses and were causing a whole host of problems.
In the cafeteria, during lunch, Selena and Moonflower patiently waited for Xavier and Saul.  Moonflower chatted about the movie she and Saul had seen during the weekend.  Selena suddenly noticed a new boy sitting with the mega-uglies—those in school who thought they were better than everybody.  He was very tall, platinum blond, thin but muscular, and he had searing blue eyes.
“Who is that?” Selena asked, her eyebrows furrowed.
Moonflower turned to see where she was looking.  “That’s a new student.”
“I know, but who is he?”
Why do you ask?” Moonflower said, looking at her friend with both suspicion and amusement.
“I’m just curious.”
“Sel, you’re never curious about those things,” sighed Moonflower.  “I’m the one who notices new boys.”
“Well, I’m curious this time.”
“You like him?”
“What?”
“Do you like him?" Moonflower questioned with a gushing voice.  "He’s so gorgeous like an amazing Greek statue or a mega-watt movie star."
Selena rolled her eyes.  “Of course I don’t like him.  I’ve got Xavier.”  Selena wondered how her BFF could think that she would have eyes for any other boy than her wonderful and mega attractive boyfriend.  Just thinking about Xavier's intense dark eyes, wavy brown, short hair, and modesty made her want to melt like a silly, totally lovestruck person.  
“That doesn’t mean you’re dead,” stated Moonflower, frowning.  “You can look at other guys, you know.  Just look.”
“Moonflower, I’m not attracted to him.  I just want to know who he is.”
“Why?”
“Just because.”
“Why?”
“He just gives me a strange feeling," Selena explained.  "And he’s sitting at the ugly table.  It’s good to know who your enemies are.”
Moonflower nodded.  “He’s trapped in their evil spider web and will be forever stuck there,” she sighed.  “He got in that gross group fast, right?”
“Very fast.”
"His name is—"
 Xavier and Saul interrupted Moonflower as they arrived at the table with their food trays and large smiles.
“Hi, dude and my butterfly dudette,” Saul said happily.
“Sorry, we’re late,” announced Xavier, his dark eyes sweeping over Selena.  Her heart gave a lurch as it usually did when first seeing him after a period of absence.  "Saul was showing me his new tablet.”
“We had to go back to my locker where I had left it,” explained Saul.  “I thought I had lost it!”
“Did you like Saul’s new tablet, Xavier?” Moonflower asked with curiosity.
“What is there not to like about it?” Xavier answered, chuckling as he sat next to Selena while Saul plopped down at Moonflower's right side.
“It’s just that I didn’t think you liked technology.”
“Why is that?” asked Xavier, puzzled.
“I never see you with any electronic stuff,” stated Moonflower.  “You don’t even own a cell, and we all know you can afford anything you want.”
“Moonflower!” chided Selena.
“What?" Moonflower said, her voice indignant.  "We all know he’s rich.  He knows it too.  Asher brags that her family has more money than Donald Trump."
Xavier winced when he heard his cousin's name.  He hated having to live in the Montgomery household--Asher's home.
  "What I don’t get is why you don’t have any toys, Xavier?” Moonflower continued.
“Yeah, dude, Moonflower is right.  Why don’t you at least have a cell?”
“I . . . I . . .”
“You’re right, Moonflower,” rescued Selena.  “He doesn’t like technology."  Telling Saul and Moonflower the truth was out of the question.  Only Selena knew about his special gift and that it was so powerful it made technology go bezerk around him.
“I’d rather talk to people face to face,” asserted Xavier, getting his equilibrium back, “especially with Selena.”  He grinned at his beautiful girlfriend.  Selena with her straight black hair, chocolate eyes, non-skinny build and sharp intelligence filled his heartbeats.
Moonflower smiled and sighed.  “That’s so romantic like something Edward would’ve told Bella.”
“Dude, don’t take it wrong but you have to come into this century.  You don’t have a cell and you don’t drive—that’s kinda lame.”
“It is, but that’s me.”
“Sorry, dude, I didn’t mean to call you lame.”
“It’s okay, Saul.”
“Let’s eat before our food gets cold,” Selena stated, changing the subject.
They started eating their beef tostadas.  Moonflower exuberantly chatted about the new film she wanted to see.
“Who is that?” asked Xavier, interrupting her as his sight shot to the new blond boy at the ugly table.
Moonflower eyed at Selena with a puzzled expression as if wondering why she and now Xavier were so curious about him.  
“He looks like he’s new,” retorted Saul.
“He just moved here from California,” stated Moonflower.  “From the movie star state!”
“California?” asked Xavier.
Moonflower sighed, stars in her eyes.  "He’s a surfer.”
“What’s a surfer doing in El Paso?” asked Xavier, eyebrows knit together.
“No kidding, dude, it’s not like we’ve got an ocean he can swim in.”
“His parents had to move when his dad got transferred to a company here," explained Moonflower.  
“How do you know all this stuff, Moonflower?” Saul asked with thorns in his mouth.
“You know me, I hear things here and there,” assured Moonflower.
“Well, you sure know a lot of things about him,” snapped Saul.
“Are you upset?  Like Edward was with Jacob in Twilight?  Moonflower asked, a small smile on her lips.  “Are you jealous, my most awesome knight?”
“Should I be?”
Moonflower rolled her eyes.  “Don’t be silly.  You’re my one and only best dude—the only one to imprint on me, and you know it,” she said, pecking Saul’s cheek.
“Okay, but stop being so nosy about other guys, my butterfly dudette.”
“What’s the guy’s name anyway?” Xavier asked, his unwavering sight on him.
“Sebastian,” answered Moonflower.
“Sebastian?” Xavier asked.
“Sebastian Crawley.”

By the time Selena made it to sixth period, the whole student body was talking about the disorder and confusion of the day.  The high winds had flung open a classroom window shattering glass on one girl.  She was fine with only a few cuts, but the accident had discombobulated almost everyone as teachers frantically checked windows to make sure they were not only shut but also locked.  Then the cumbersome entrance doors to the school flung open, and a heavy wind current smashed into what was in the way, causing pieces of paper to fly through the hallway, small light bulbs in the fluorescent lights to pop, and students to slip and bump into one another.
“I’m so glad this day is almost over,” Selena told Xavier as his dark eyes reached into hers.
“Me too.”
When Sebastian Crawley was introduced to the class as a new student, Selena shook her head.  There was something incredibly odd about how the day had started so beautifully and how it was now so chaotic.  This somehow seemed to coincide with the new student who was seated a few chairs from Selena and Xavier.  And to make matters even more questionable, every time she turned to talk to Xavier, Sebastian Crawley's eyes sat on them with a quizzical expression.
By the time Selena and Xavier arrived at her home, the winds had died down.  Xavier suggested they sit on her porch.  While his presence next to her tended to make Selena a little foggy brained, she nonetheless pulled herself out of the vibrating sparks of pure energy that accompanied them whey they were together to ask him a very important question.
“What’s wrong, Xavier?" Selena asked, concerned.  "You’ve been quiet all day.”
“I’ve been feeling off balance today.”
“Me too.”
“You have?” he asked, his deep eyes opening themselves to hers.
“Yes.”  She had to bite her tongue not to ask any more questions.  He didn’t like talking about his gift and there was so much she wanted to know about it.  “Very off balance.”



Chapter 3

To Selena’s enormous relief, the following days turned normal.  No more fierce winds turning everything upside down.  Even Sebastian Crawley seemed to be one hundred percent preoccupied with his position in the mega-uglies.  Selena could only imagine what Asher had told him about her and Xavier.  That must’ve been why he had looked at them so strangely on his first day there, she reasoned.  Now he seemed totally entrenched in what was forming into an exclusive organization.  They were now calling themselves The It Club and the members the Its.  Sebastian Crawley only hung out with them and didn’t bother with anyone else.  Selena couldn’t help fervently wishing that he’d get together with Cherise.  That had to be a perfect match!  Maybe that way she'd stop mooning over Xavier.
The girls who had once melted over Xavier were now swooning over Sebastian Crawley.  Yet, he’d ignore anyone outside the It Club.  With his new group getting larger all the time, there seemed to be no need for him to look outside for companionship.  Too many students were joining.  In fact, it surprised Selena that Brad, her former nemesis, was now welcomed into the group when before he had been completely shut out of it.  One of the mega-uglies had once said, “What makes him think he’s good enough for us?”  Why had they let him in? she wondered.  What is going on?  Why is that group growing so much?  In the past, the mega-uglies were contained with not too many wanting to join them.  Now, a huge number of students were begging to be let in.
As Selena arrived at the weekend, she decided to stop placing any more concentration on the mega-uglies.  Instead, she’d focus on the people closest to her who at the moment were arguing about where to go that night.  
Saul insisted on The Farmhouse Restaurant even though Xavier preferred Chico’s Tacos.  Selena and Moonflower shook their heads at their bickering.
“You know I love Chicos, dude, but it’s a Friday night and it’s crowded to the max.”
“That hasn’t stopped us before,” stated Xavier.
“I want to go to The Farmhouse.”
“I want to go to Chico’s Tacos.”
“I want a steak,” stated Saul.
“I want rolled tacos.”
“I want a baked potato and a ribeye,” Saul insisted.
“I want floating cheese, hot salsa, and crunch.”
“Okay, children,” interjected Selena.  “Let’s stop this.”
“Let’s make believe we’re grown-ups and decide where we’re going to go,” stated Moonflower.
“Dude, I need a quiet place so I can tell all of you something big,” declared Saul.
“You should’ve said that in the first place,” expressed Xavier.
“So we’re going to The Farmhouse, dude?” Saul asked hopefully.
“Let’s go.”
“What do you want to tell us?” Moonflower asked eagerly.  “Is it what Jacob had to confess to Bella?”
"What?"
"You know," gushed Moonflower.  "That mega secret about himself!  Mega, MEGA secret!!!"
Saul shook his head, exasperated.  “My butterfly dudette,  this isn’t Twilight and I’m not a werewolf.”
“Oh,” Moonflower murmured, disappointed.  “What is it then?”
“You’ll have to wait till we get there,” informed Saul.
When they were seated at The Farmhouse Restaurant and had ordered, Moonflower pleaded with Saul to divulge the surprise while Selena and Xavier patiently looked on with curious smiles.  Saul radiated a certain joyful shine as if his life couldn’t be more perfect.
“Okay, Moonflower, stop bugging me.  I’ll tell you.”
“What’s going on?” badgered Moonflower.
“It’s big news.”
“Oh my gosh!  You don’t have elephantitis, do you?”  Moonflower asked dramatically, her voice writhing with concern.
“My butterfly dudette, you need to forget about elephants!  I’ve got great news.”
“What is it?”
“I made it to the football team.  I made it!”
“You did?” asked Moonflower with shiny, bright eyes.
“I'm officially a football dude!"
“I’m so proud of you,” Moonflower said, holding her heart in her hands.  "I'm now a football dudette."
“Congratulations, Saul,” expressed Selena.
“This is something to celebrate so tonight’s dinner is on me,” stated Xavier.
“No, you don’t have to—“
“I’m paying for this and that is that.”
“Thanks, dude.”
Moonflower put her arms around Saul.  “My boyfriend the big-time football player—isn’t that something?”
“Maybe I shouldn’t be talking to you little people,” Saul teased.
“Now you’ll have all those girls trying to get on your good side,” said Selena, teasing back.
“Come to think of it, didn’t I see that Victoria-like vampire, Julia Gutierrez, asking you something?” Moonflower growled.
“Julia Gutierrez?” asked Selena.
“That’s who he was talking to,” snapped Moonflower.
“You and Julia Gutierrez, huh?” questioned Xavier with a playful smirk.
Saul grumbled.  “She's too stuck-up.  She’s worse than your cousin Asher.”
“And my cousin is pretty bad,” agreed Xavier.
Moonflower held up her glass of iced tea.  “Here’s to my knight—the next huge glittering star to hit football.”

When Mr. Honeybee stepped out of the classroom for a short time, having ordered the students to finish their work, few actually did it.  Most were surrounding Saul as he chatted about having made the winning touchdown that past weekend.  Selena and Xavier had already completed the assignment on rocks and minerals and were staring at the spectacle around Saul with amusement.  
“He’s having a blast with all that new popularity,” whispered Xavier.
“I guess it’s a lot to be an ordinary person one minute and then a hero the next,” Selena whispered back.  As usual, his nearness to her fogged her brain.
“I don’t have the heart to tell him that I prefer basketball over football.”
“I don’t either,” Selena said, chuckling.
“I won’t tell anybody what I just heard,” whispered a chuckling Steve who had been walking past them with Sebastian Crawley but had stopped when he heard them.  “I forgive you for your gross taste in preferring basketball,” he joked.
“Thanks a lot,” kidded Selena.
Xavier smiled.  “Yes, thanks.”
“You know,” Steve said, eyeing Saul, “he really deserves all the attention.  He’s turning out to be one of my best players.  Don’t you think, Sebastian?”
“Yep,” Sebastian muttered.
His lack of conversation unnerved Selena.
“Saul’s a natural at football,” agreed Xavier.
When Steve clumsily turned to make it back to his seat, he bumped Selena, unbalancing her.  The accident took her completely by surprise.  As she was about to stumble to the floor, Xavier reached out his hands and steadied her. 
Whoosh! 
The magnetic waves were back, slamming into her.  What is going on? she wondered.  Not again!



Chapter 4

An extreme intensity overcame Selena, similar to the first day she had met Xavier when his magnetism had threatened to knock her down.  Although, this time,  instead of depleting her, a surge of Xavier’s energy mixed with her own.  
“Are you okay?” Xavier asked with concern, his hands still tightly around her.
“Yes,” Selena murmured, trying to find her balance not only because of Steve’s clumsiness but also the interconnection of energy she had experienced with Xavier.
“I’m sorry,” Steve uttered.  “I almost knocked you down.”
“It’s okay,” Selena said, still shaky.  Sebastian Crawley eyed her with such intensity that she wasn’t sure what was worse—her almost falling to the ground or Sebastian’s attention.
When Steve and Sebastian returned to their seats, Xavier turned to Selena.  “Are you sure you’re okay?”  His dark eyes swept over her with concern.
“Yes, but Steve sure can hit hard even when it’s an accident.”
“What do you expect?” Xavier asked.  “He’s a football player.”
“Yes, he’s pretty tough,” Selena stated.  “But I hear he’s a marshmallow with your cousin.”  
“I can’t believe that he’s going out with Asher,” Xavier remarked.  “He seems like such a nice guy.”
“He’s with the mega-uglies though,” stated Selena, a slight disgust in her voice.
“I guess that crowd is hard to resist.”
Selena shrugged her shoulders.  “And he is Sebastian Crawley’s best friend,” she grumbled.”
“Sebastian is strange, right?”
“Yes, very,” Selena murmured, her head still whirling from when she almost fell down.
Xavier eyed her with concern.  “Selena are you sure that you’re okay?  You still look weird.”
“I’m fine it’s just that . . . Xavier, did you feel anything when you caught me?”
“You felt it too?” asked Xavier, surprised.
Selena nodded.  “Yes.”  It was all she could manage to say.  She could still feel traces of Xavier’s electrical current inside of her.
“I thought I had been the only one who felt the surge,” he stated.
“No, I felt it too.”
“But you’re okay, right?” Xavier asked anxiously.
“Yeah, but why did it throw me off, and you look just fine?”
He grinned mischievously.  “I’m just built stronger than you,” he teased.
“Or maybe your brain is already fried with so much electricity,” Selena teased back.
Xavier chuckled.  “That’s probably true.”
“Seriously though, why didn’t that electrical connection throw you off like it did to me?”
“Don’t, Selena,” he stated gravely.
“Don’t what?”
“Don’t assume the worse.”
“What am I assuming?” Selena asked, her eyebrows knit together.
“That you reacted more because you care about me more than I care about you,” he grumbled.
Selena stared at him, surprised.  “How did you know what I was thinking?”
He frowned.  “It wasn’t hard,” he retorted.
“My theory is true, isn’t it?” Selena asked lightly.
Xavier’s mouth twitched with frustration.  “No, Selena.  It’s not true.”
“Calm down, Xavier.  Don’t get upset.”
“You need to stop getting stupid ideas in your head.”
“Okay, but calm down,” she pleaded.
“You forget that I’ve been at this electrical business a lot longer than you have.”
“Yes, Xavier, I understand.”
“I hope you do,” he mumbled, his dark eyes on her.  “I really do.”
“I understand.”

Talking outside the glass walled library that was inside the main building, Selena and Xavier discussed their Science assignment before going inside during lunch period to do research.  She wanted to create a project with magnets, and he quickly voiced his opinion.
“Attracting magnets—let’s do it,” he told her as his velvet eyes anchored themselves on hers and his lips upturned in a bright grin.
Hearing a loud noise, they turned to the direction of it.  Books fell off a huge, shaking bookcase in the library.  Moonflower, who was in front of it, stared in stupefying surprise as the books landed close to her feet.  Then the enormous bookcase lurched frontward as it started coming down fast but before it could crush Moonflower, it froze as if it was being held by a strong wire instead of continuing to fall forward.  It stayed like that for only a few seconds because almost immediately, the massive bookcase started jerking around until it finally fell to the side, barely missing Moonflower.  She seemed so scared, she couldn’t make a sound or move.  Selena rushed to her friend who started trembling and crying uncontrollably.
“Are you okay?” Selena asked, hugging her.
“I . . . I . . .” was all Moonflower could manage to say as tears burst out of her eyes.
“You’re fine, Moonflower.  Everything’s okay,” Xavier said with a soothing voice and Selena turned to look at him, proud of the gentle caring prevalent in his tone.  To her surprise, his face glistened with thick drops of perspiration.  She wanted to ask him about it but decided it could wait.  She needed to take care of her friend.  Meanwhile, a crowd gathered around them, including Ms. Sigala, the librarian.
“I think she needs medical care,” announced Mrs. Sigala, still shell-shocked herself.
“What happened?” asked Saul, who had just stepped out of the restroom as he stared at the mess on the floor.
“The bookcase almost fell on top of Moonflower,” Selena stated, her voice shaking.
“What?” he exclaimed, noticing Moonflower and rushing to her.  She clung to him as both her arms wrapped tightly around him.
“Saul, she needs to go to the nurse’s office,” insisted Ms. Sigala.
“How did this happen?” Saul asked.
“Never mind, you or Selena take her to the nurse’s office,” ordered Ms. Sigala.
“I’ll take her,” declared Saul as he moved her forward with her not lessening her grip on him.
As soon as they stepped out of the library, a buzz immediately started as if everyone had suddenly woken up from their shocked stupor.
“How did that heavy thing fall by itself?” students kept asking.  Meanwhile Selena turned to Xavier whose dark eyes were completely closed off and his face formed a pensive mask.  
“What just happened?” she questioned him solemnly as she searched for something in her purse.
“I don’t know,” he stated, still closed off.  
She found the handkerchief and gave it to him.  “Why are you all sweaty?” she asked with suspicion and concern.
“Please don’t ask me any questions now,” he said, taking the cloth and dabbing his face.  “Not here, not in school.  We’ll talk later at your house.”
By the time sixth period came around, the episode at the library had grown to exaggerated proportions.  One story assured that all the bookshelves had come tumbling down and that Moonflower was in the hospital, fighting for her life in intensive care.  The truth was that the nurse had suggested she go home to get over the trauma and Saul had immediately borrowed a car from a friend and had taken her to her house.
In Science class, the buzz was that the library had a ghost.  How else would an object mysteriously move by itself?  Several students assured they had seen the haunting with their own eyes and were explaining what had happened to Mr. Honeybee.  
“The bookcase came down, then stayed in the air, and then fell to the side.  It was so weird, wasn’t it, Sebastian?” the student asked Sebastian Crawley.
“Yeah, right.”
Selena turned around to Xavier who seemed completely inside himself.  He looked at her with the silent eyes of someone deep in his own thoughts.  She patted his hand gently before turning back around.
After the tedious and excruciating wait, Selena finally sat with him outside her porch.  She squeezed her throat very tight, not wanting all the questions bubbling inside of her to rush out at the same time, sounding like pure nonsense in their confused state.
Finally, she spoke.  “What happened?” she asked quietly.
“I don’t know.  I really  don’t . . . I . . .”
“But—“
“Selena, please let me find a way of explaining.”
“Okay, take your time,” she said quietly.
After a few seconds of the harsh, noisy quiet, he spoke again.  “The bookcase . . . I used my telekinesis."
“What?”
“I worked the bookcase,” he mumbled.
“It almost fell on top of Moonflower!  That was you?!”
“Yes and no.”



Chapter 5

"Yes and no?" asked Selena, puzzled.
""Yes."
“Explain,” Selena demanded.
He took a deep breath.  “I made sure it didn’t fall on her.”
“You got it to fall and then you made sure it didn’t crush Moonflower?”
“You don’t understand,” he stated, intensely looking at his hands.
“Make me understand,” Selena insisted.  “Does this have something to do with you not being able to control your gift all the time?”
“No.”
“No?”
“Don’t look at me like that, Selena,” he stated.
“Like what?”
“Like you don’t know me.  It really hurts me when you don’t trust me.  Do you honestly think I’d try to hurt Moonflower?”
“No, but if you can’t control yourself . . .”
“I already told you that that’s not what happened,” he said angrily.
“Let’s take a few seconds to calm down,” she murmured.
That’s a good idea,” he mumbled.
When Selena sensed Xavier more serene, she started speaking again.  “I’m sorry, Xavier.  I didn’t mean to make you feel bad.  It’s been so confusing today.”
“I need you to believe in me.  Even though I don’t care what others think of me, I care about what you think and that you trust me.”
“Of course I trust you,” Selena said, grabbing his hand.  A jolt of his telekinetic energy rushed through her.
Before intertwining his fingers in hers, he shot his dark sincere eyes into hers.  “The only time I can’t control my telekinesis is when I’m very upset, very, very upset.  I can control it ninety-eight percent of the time and the two percent that’s left over I’m learning to work with.  When that thing happened in the library, I was calmly talking to you, remember?”
“Yes, we were talking about our Science project.”
“That moving bookcase—I had nothing to do with it.  Not at first anyway.  Do you believe me?”
“Yes, of course I do,” she assured, throwing her arms around him.
“Thanks,” he said, hugging her back as he gleamed warmth from her.
“You saved Moonflower, though, didn’t you?”
“I stopped the thing from landing on top of her but . . .”
“Yes?”
“I just can’t figure out how it all happened,” he commented, baffled.
“What do you mean?”
“How did the bookcase fall in the first place?”  His dark eyes solemnly landed on hers.
“I’m sure there’s a logical reason.  Stuff falls all the time from being too heavy or—”
“No, Selena,” he said quietly.
“No?”
“That bookcase didn’t fall by itself.”
“It didn’t?”
“No.”
“How do you know?” Selena asked, puzzled.
“A force was fighting me.”
“What?”
“It should’ve been easy for me to make the bookcase fall the other way instead of struggling with it.”
“Is that why it was suspended in mid air and then shook before it landed away from Moonflower?”
“Yes . . . I could feel a force fighting me . . . that’s why I was sweating.”
“Now I understand,” muttered Selena.
“Selena,” he said with points of surprise in his voice, “I’ve never met anyone, except for my mother, who can do what I do.”
“You really think someone else has your abilities?”
“I’ve been alone with this for so long that I can’t imagine anyone else cursed like I am.”
“Stop calling it a curse,” Selena chided.
“I’ll try to stop.”
“Try hard.”
“Who could have been fighting with me?" Xavier blurted, puzzled.  "Who else is telekinetic?”
“It could’ve been anybody, Xavier,” Selena explained quietly.  “There were a lot of students in and around the library.  With its glass walls anyone can see what’s going on inside.”
Xavier nodded.  “I’m wondering why someone would want to hurt Moonflower?” he asked concerned.
Selena drew in a quick breath.  “Do you really think someone is after Moonflower?”
“I don’t know.  The more questions I ask, the more confusing it becomes.”
“Very confusing.”
“Selena, I’m still not sure that what happened today was because of some one else's telekinesis.”
“So where do you think that force came from?” Selena inquired, pensive.
“I don’t know.  Maybe there’s a ghost in the library after all.”
“Maybe.”
“There can be other explanations,” Xavier offered.
“I guess so.”
They stayed quiet for a few minutes in deep thought.  All of Selena’s questions about Xavier’s gift came to the forefront.  She knew he hated talking about it, but this was as good of a time as any to try to understand his puzzling abilities.
“Xavier?” she asked timidly.
“Yes?”
“Is your gift that strong that you could move that massive bookcase?”
“Yes,” he mumbled.
“That strong?” she repeated, needing to let it sink in.
“Yes.”
“Can you move cars and—“
“Do we have to talk about this?”
“Xavier,” she sighed.  “Your gift is part of who you are and I love all of you—not just parts of you, so I need to know it all.”
He intently stared at her before speaking, his fluid eyes trying to take her all in.  “Okay, Selena.  I’m sorry I’ve been a jerk about this.  It’s only fair that you should know about all of me since I know all about you.”
“Yeah.”
“What do you want to know?” he asked, gently nuzzling his nose in her hair.
“How do you do it?”
“How do I move things?”
“Yes.”
“I just think about an object moving and it moves,” he answered nonchalantly.
“That’s it?!”
“Yes, that’s it, why?”
“You don’t have to concentrate hard?”
“Only when I’m trying to control my energy,” he said, frowning.  “Or when I’m fighting a force.”
“Only then?”
“Yeah, in fact if I try too hard, I mess it up.”
“You do?”
“Sometimes I have to use my hands just so I can focus my energy, but usually it’s easy.”
“Wow!”
“Don’t be impressed,” he said with a deep frown.  “It’s nothing.”
“No, it’s really something . . . Show me how it’s done.”
“What?”
“Make something move.”
“Selena, I don’t think—“
“Please.”
“Selena—“
“Pretty, pretty please.  For me.”
“Okay,” he announced.  “But only because you’re begging.”
“I’m not ashamed to beg,” Selena said, chuckling.
Xavier threw a warm smile at her and then stuck out his hand and opened it, palm up.  A leaf from the Fir tree next to the home fell down in a beautiful spiral and landed carefully on his palm.
“How’s that?” he asked.
“It could’ve been the wind,” teased Selena.
“The wind?” Xavier smirked as if he was insulted.  “That was me.”
“Oh, yeah?”
"Okay, you're really asking for it!" Xavier blurted, his lips pursed in a mischievous smile.  "I'll show you."
"Let's see."



Chapter 6

“Watch this,” stated Xavier.  A small whirlwind of dust spun outside of the fence, looking strange on such a tranquil, non-windy day.  It came towards them, landing at Selena’s feet and spinning slower and slower until it stopped.  Suddenly, dozens of colorful pebbles that must’ve been in the middle of the whirlwind scattered on the ground.
“How’s that?” Xavier questioned, challenging her.
Selena picked up the pebbles.  “Just beautiful.”
“I’m not done yet, though.”
“What?” Selena asked, mesmerized by the colorful stones.
“Watch this.”
He pointed to the house across the street and before Selena could even blink her eyes, a gush of translucent water shot straight up for miles towards the sky from the old fashioned water well the neighbors kept for looks and not for use.  
The spectacular sight in the dry desert had passers-by gaping with mouths wide open, cars stopping in the middle of the street to stare, and even stray animals in a trance.
“Okay, I’m officially impressed,” Selena commented.
Xavier smiled broadly and just as suddenly as it had shot up, the water came back down, leaving the observers shaking their heads.
“They think it was a freak accident,” whispered Xavier.  
“I’m the only one who knows it was you,” Selena said smugly.
As the neighbors checked the well, it occurred to Selena how powerful Xavier could be.  She and Xavier stayed in silence, staring at the people losing interest in the well and leaving one by one.  Selena thought about all the force secretly inside of Xavier.  Locked away and put in a tiny corner, it only came out sparingly.
“That day, at the bust stop when you fought Brad,” Selena started, thinking back to when Xavier had just arrived in town, and he had gotten into a fight defending her.  “He couldn’t have beaten you, right?”
Xavier frowned.  “You’re wrong.”
“I am?  But—“
“I didn’t used my telekinesis against him.  I fought fair and square.  He could’ve knocked me out if he knew what he was doing.”
Selena nodded.  “I should’ve known that.”
“Yes, you should’ve.”
“I’m sorry.”
“How sorry are you?” he asked, his dark eyes raking over her with amusement.
“Very sorry.”
“You can make it up to me.”
And she knew just how to do it as the sweetness of his lips lingered on hers for a long time.

Selena waited impatiently for the opportunity to get an explanation.  Grandmother Chela had arrived from California talking about the family, the trip, and Disneyland.  The nearly eighty year old had spent an entire day at the magical kingdom with Selena’s cousins, and she had had to be dragged out when the little ones were exhausted and needed to return home.  Selena had wanted to call her countless of times to interrogate her about Xavier.  According to him, she had been the one who had somehow known about his gift and had convinced him to tell her about it.  But after giving it serious consideration, Selena had decided it was better to talk face to face with her eccentric grandmother.  As soon as they were alone, Selena asked the million dollar question.
“How did you know about Xavier’s abilities?” Selena blurted.
“I guessed,” Grandmother Chela explained mischievously.
“Grandma,” Selena chided.
“I’m glad he finally told you.  I need to speak to the both of you together,” she said with a twinkle in her eye.
“But how—“
“Don’t try to get it out of me.  I need to speak to the both of you,” she insisted firmly.
A few hours later, they found themselves on Trans Mountain Road at the spot on top of the world with Xavier.  Grandmother Chela had declared it the perfect place for a discussion. They sat at the picnic tables that overlooked El Paso and the surrounding areas such as Gran Estrella.  Xavier seemed much more calm and patient than Selena was.  In fact, Selena wasn’t sure he really wanted to know how her grandmother knew about him.  If it was up to him, he’d fall prey to amnesia and forget his gift.
“I know you resented me for having made you tell Selena, but it was for the best,” Grandmother Chela asserted, eyeing Xavier who in turn shifted his glance towards Selena.
Xavier nodded solemnly.  “You were right.  I shouldn’t have been keeping it from her.”
“There’s much more to it than you keeping a secret.”
Xavier’s eyebrows rose.  “Excuse me?” 
“What do you mean, Grandmother Chela?”
“There are no coincidences, my children.”
“Grandmother Chela, please stop talking in riddles,” Selena implored.
“It’s no coincidence that you’re here, Xavier, in this energy epicenter.  You do know about the vortex, don’t you?”
Xavier frowned.  “I felt it from the first time I got here.”
“And I felt it from you,” said a surprised Selena, having made that realization.
Grandmother Chela nodded.  “It’s no coincidence that you’re with my granddaughter.”
“Of course not.  I'm in love with her.”
“But you two are more connected than you think,” announced Grandmother Chela.
“What?” Selena asked.
“Let me tell you a story,” announced Grandmother Chela.  “A story that will explain everything.”



Chapter 7

“The world is complicated,” Grandmother Chela said.  “Very complicated.”  She took in quick bursts of air while Selena and Xavier took no breaths at all.  “What I’m about to tell you must be kept a secret—it’s a matter of life and death.  You can’t tell anyone.  Not any person—no exceptions.  Do you understand?”  Selena and Xavier nodded.  
“It was written a very long time ago in the hearts of those who have deep wisdom that the earth is inhabited by three kinds of people:  Ordinary humans who manage to get through their chaotic days with pencils and giant erasers.  Then there are those who are different to the umpteenth power but don’t appreciate or accept themselves.  Finally, there are the ones who recognize their six senses and embrace them to the fullest."
Grandmother Chela paused before continuing, letting her words sink into Selena and Xavier who eyed her wide-eyed.  
"And also, occasionally, just sometimes, two of these different sorts find each other like powerful magnets.”
“You’re talking about Selena and me?” asked Xavier, as if it explained a mystery.
“That’s right,” declared Grandmother Chela, matter-of-fact.
“But grandmother—“
“Let me finish, okay?”
Selena and Xavier nodded solemnly.  
"I’ve got to warn you that underneath this are all kinds of intentions that make up good and evil."
Xavier frowned deeply.  "So not everyone with my kind of abilities uses them for good things?"
"No, they often use them for very bad things."  
“So it's about power,” Selena stated.
“It’s always about power in one way or another,” declared Grandmother Chela.
“I'm just an accident of nature,” Xavier informed bitterly.
“No, there are no coincidences—no accidents.”
“I just can’t see how this curse can be something special.”
“You’ve always felt the need, the inclination, to help others, haven’t you?” Grandmother Chela asked as if it was a rhetorical question.  “You’ve protected many kids from bullies, haven’t you?”
“Yes,” he said uncomfortably.
“So why do you doubt your destiny?—your destiny to use your gift for good?” asked Grandmother Chela.
The word destiny collided inside Selena’s psyche.
“I told you that you were special, Xavier,” Selena stated.
“He’s not the only one who is special, Selenita.”
“What do you mean?” asked Selena.
“You’re special too.”
“What?!” Selena exclaimed.
“You also have special abilities.”
“But I’m not like Xavier—no telekinesis.  I have no powers.”
“Selena,” Grandmother Chela said with a chiding voice, “you’ve got lots of powers.”
“What do you mean?” asked Selena, completely baffled.
“For one thing, you’ve got a way with animals.”
“That’s not a big deal.”
“It’s a very big deal.”
“Also, you think with both your heart and your brain.”
“My heart and my brain?”
“Yes, your heart and brain work very well together,” stated Grandmother Chela.
“I don’t see what you mean.”
“You have an awesome way of looking at things,” stated Xavier.  “You dig and dig but you not only use your brain, you also see how everything works on a deeper level.”
“How is that anything like what Xavier does?  How can it even compare?”
“It’s more powerful,” stated Grandmother Chela.
“How is that?” asked Selena, shaking her head as if in complete disbelief.
“What you do on the outside can never compare to what’s inside of you,” stated Xavier.  “Inside is where everything is at.”  
“Very wisely said,” affirmed Grandmother Chela.
Xavier grew pensive.  “My mother was the one who used to say that."
Selena placed her hand on Xavier’s arm.
“Don’t be so sad, Xavier.  You’ll see your mother again someday,” informed Grandmother Chela.
“I will?”
“Guaranteed.”
Xavier's face slightly relaxed.  
“Life has more roads than people think,” Grandmother Chela informed.
“Grandmother, about those who use their gifts for evil—”
“I call them the greedy gifted.  I call us the heart gifted.”
“Good names.  Who are the greedy gifted?” Selena asked anxiously.  Could what had happened at school have anything to do with them? Selena wondered.
“That’s the tricky part.  They can be just about anybody, and you have to be very vigilant and careful.  They are masters of deception and lies.  Being great manipulators, they are very toxic and very dangerous.”  
Selena’s eyebrows came together with deep concern.
“Why are you so interested in them?”  Grandmother Chela asked suspiciously.
“They might be at our school,” Selena announced.  
Xavier frowned.  “Yeah, that’s true.”
Selena painstakingly told her grandmother about the strange happenings at Gran Estrella high school, trying to explain in detail the very windy day and the falling bookcase that Xavier had diverted away from Moonflower.
“I don’t know what to tell you,” she said, worried.  “But I will advise you not to jump the gun.”
“It might not be the greedy gifted at your school but just a shift of energy because of the two of you finally understanding about one another.  Your energy is tying itself to each other and building itself up.  Sometimes it feels like a separate force from you.  That may be the reason for the chaos at school.”
“That’s a relief,” Selena stated, exhaling a deep breath.
“On the other hand, don’t let your guard down, my children.  Keep vigilant, don’t trust anybody—not a single person at your school except each other, okay?”
“Okay,” Xavier assured her.
“We’ll watch out,” Selena agreed.
“Yes, keep an eye out,” Grandmother Chela murmured.  "Be very careful." 



Chapter 8

Grandmother Chela’s bags were packed, and she seemed very ready to go home.  She smiled calmly as if she hadn’t completely shaken Selena and Xavier like a child with a new snow globe.  While Mr. and Mrs. Spinoza stepped outside, getting Grandmother Chela’s luggage in the truck, Selena took advantage of their time alone.
“I’m still confused about this heart gifted business and so is Xavier.”
She cupped her granddaughter’s face in her hands.  “Selenita, stop over-thinking this.”
“But Grandmother Chela, how can I not think about it.  This is very confusing.”
“It will all make sense later on.”
“What do Xavier and I do in the meantime?  What are we supposed to do with this?”
“Wait.”
“Wait?” Selena asked.
“Now that you know what I told you, the path you need to be on will open to you.”
“But—“
“Stop asking questions and start doing what you do best, my Selenita.”
“What is that?”
“Being aware.”
“Aware?” Selena asked.
“Yes, with your brain and heart.”
“But—“
"Don't stress over this.  Just take it easy."
"Okay."
."You’ll know where I’m at if you need me.  I’m only a quick phone call away.  Don’t forget to be careful.”
“I won’t forget, Grandmother Chela.”



Chapter 9

Moonflower sobbed with acute desolation, that it left Selena completely helpless.  They sat in Selena's room, and Moonflower hadn't been able to stop weeping long enough to tell her what was wrong.  Selena patted her on the back, wishing she could do more.
"It's over," Moonflower finally managed to say.
"What's over?"
"My life."
"What are you talking about?"
"Saul broke up with me," Moonflower said, her tearful gush starting again.  "Now I know how Bella felt in New Moon."
"What happened?"
"Saul called me on the phone and told me he couldn't see me anymore.  My life is over."
"Moonflower, your life isn't over.  Saul isn't your life."
"What am I going to do without a boyfriend?" Moonflower asked desperately.
"The same as you would do with one—live your life."
"He's with someone else." 
"He told you this?" asked Selena.
"I finally got it out of him.  He's seeing Julia Gutierrez."
“What?”
“He’s seeing Julia Gutierrez!” repeated an anguished Moonflower.
"You’re kidding?" blurted Selena, in complete surprise.
"He dumped me for her.  At least Edward dumped Bella to protect her.  Saul threw me over for Julia!"
“Is this a joke?”
“I wish it was.”
"But I thought he didn't like her,” stated Selena.  “He said she was stuck up."
"I guess he changed his mind," she warbled.
"What's wrong with him?" Selena snapped furiously.
"I'm really stupid for not having seen it coming."
"Moonflower, you're not stupid!  No one saw it coming.  He was acting a little different with all that popularity that had hit him, but I still wouldn't have imagined in a million years that he'd break up with you to go out with that gigantic snob."
"Sel," Moonflower murmured sadly.  "I wasn't good enough for him."
"What?!"
"When he made it into the football team, he didn't want for someone like me with him."
"Someone like you?  What do you mean?"
"I'm fat and I need a nose job and--"
"Stop!  Don't do this, Moonflower," Selena demanded.
"Look at me, Sel," she stated, sobbing.  "I’ve got so much wrong with me."  Moonflower was a pretty girl with caramel curls, hazel eyes and a size seven body but no matter how much Selena tried, she couldn't get her BFF to stop obsessing about being fat and unattractive.
"The truth is that he's not good enough for you, Moonflower.  He's an idiot."
"I'm going to lose weight one way or another.  That'll teach him to dump me!" she snarled.
"You don't have to teach him anything.  Grandmother Chela always says that we shouldn't try to impress the idiots.  We should dust their toxic poison off ourselves."
"How will I ever be able to get over this?" Moonflower asked as she started sobbing violently again.
"I'll be here for you, Moonflower.  Let's take one day at a time.”

Xavier assured Selena he had something wonderful and surprising for her.  They traveled across Trans Mountain Road to the Northeast side of El Paso where Xavier insisted she would be pleasantly rewarded for her blind patience.  After what was happening with her BFF, Selena could use a respite.
“It’ll be a good surprise, Selena,” Xavier mentioned brightly.
She smiled, keeping her eyes firmly on the road as she drove.  His presence next to her as intoxicating as always.  “I’m dying to know what it is.”
“I think you’ll like it.”
“As long as it’s not anything weird.  I don’t even want to think about what Grandmother Chela told us about the heart gifted and the greedy gifted.”
Xavier gently stroked her cheek.  “There's nothing weird about my surprise.”
“Good.” Selena breathed out.
“But as long as we’re on the subject . . .”  he said with hesitation.
“Yes?” Selena asked, dreading the conversation.
“Has anything out of the ordinary happened?” he mumbled.
“No, how about with you?” Selena asked, being as hesitant as he was.
“No,” Xavier stated with immense relief.
“We’re clear so far,” she said happily.
“Yes,” he responded with as much glee as her own.
“It’s been so normal at school too.  Nothing strange there either.”
“Yeah, what a relief.”
“The only bad thing happening is what’s happening with Moonflower,” Selena said, frowning deeply.
"Saul really messed her up."
“I’m very worried about her.”
“So am I,” he murmured.
"I still can't believe Saul is going out with Julia."
"She's only going out with him because Ronny dumped her," Xavier scoffed.
"How do you know?"
Xavier's eyebrows furrowed.  "My cousins were talking.  You know I usually don't care about gossip, but this was about our friend Moonflower."
Selena let out a sigh.  "Saul is a worse idiot than I thought.  Julia is only using him."
"He's really changed since having made the football team."
Selena grimaced.  "I thought he would snap out of it."
"Me too.  I thought he'd realize how stupid he was acting."
Selena sighed again as she recalled certain events.  Saul had been going out with the other guys from the team and hadn't wanted to double date with Xavier and her anymore.  He had asked Moonflower to start applying her make-up better and to trim her hair more stylishly.  He also wanted her to start wearing more black outfits to hide her supposed flaws.  Selena had been furious and told Moonflower that she needed to put him firmly in his place.  Moonflower had said he was just going through a phase, and Selena had hoped it was true.
Xavier gave Selena directions and they soon drove into the driveway of a sprawling one-story house.  It was as beautiful as Blake Montgomery's home but in a different way.  It seemed to fit very comfortably, unlike the Montgomery home, in the desert.  While this house was a creamy beige, the trim and shutters on the windows were a pastel turquoise green.  In front of it stood a fountain with scarlet brick around it, and water shooting from a dark-orange clay pot sitting in the middle.
"Whose house is this?" Selena asked, overwhelmed.
"You're not letting this house intimidate you, are you?"
"Maybe a little."
"You know what I'm going to say,” Xavier chided.  It hadn't been that long ago when he had taken her to where he lived at his uncle's house, and she had been in a stupor with the opulent mini-mansion.
"It's just a house," Selena murmured.
"Right."
"So whose house is this anyway?" Selena asked, more than a little curious.
"My Uncle Paul’s."
"Your Uncle Paul lives here?"
"He just moved back in town, and he wants to meet you."
"He does?"
Xavier gave her his movie star sparkler.  "I'm going to finally get to introduce you to someone from my family."
Selena returned his smile.  "I thought the day would never come."
"Let me tell you a few things before we get in there."
"What do you want to tell me?"
"My uncle used to be a jerk too like my uncle Blake," Xavier informed her.
"He was?"
"He wasn't really that much of a jerk, but he was so influenced by Uncle Blake that he acted like him.  He married an old girlfriend of my Uncle Blake so you can imagine what she was like.  Uncle Paul couldn't have children, so she eventually left him for his best friend."
"Man, that's rough."
"After his pride stopped hurting, he realized he was relieved that she had left him.  He had never really loved her."
"He was married to someone he didn't love?" Selena asked, surprised.  “Why would anybody get married without love?”
"I don’t know,” he stated, his deep eyes sweeping over her.
Selena met the intensity of his eyes with her own.  "I'd hate to be with someone I didn't love."
Xavier nodded, smiling.  "Me too."
"So what happened after that?"
"He went over his life and realized he wasn't who he wanted to be."
"Who did he want to be?"
"He didn't want to be Uncle Blake," Xavier stated.  "I think that's why he went on the road and traveled."
"To find himself?"
"Yes."  
"How did he do?" Selena asked.
"He completely changed and he's married again."
"What's his new wife like?"
"I haven't met her face to face, but I've talked to her.  She's the total opposite of his first wife and . . ."
“Yes?  And what?”
“I have to warn you,” he stated with mystery.
“Warn me about what?”
“She’s kind of different.”



Chapter 10

“Different?” Selena asked with curiosity.
“Yes.”
“What do you mean?  Is she different like you?” Selena questioned delicately.
“No, she’s not like me.”
“So how is she different?”
“You’ll see.”
Selena furrowed her eyebrows.  “But—“
Xavier chuckled lightly.  “Don’t worry, Selena.  She’s good different—not bad different.  You’ll see.  You’ll love my aunt and uncle.”
"I hope they like me," Selena said, concerned.
"Of course they will."
Xavier smiled reassuringly at her as they walked hand in hand towards the front door.  Xavier's strong fingers wrapped around her own, sending flickers of electrical sparks up her hand.  She was still getting used to feeling his gifted energy when he was close.  But something told her that the tingling in her hands wasn't just due to his telekinesis.  
Selena winced when she came closer to the house.  It was hard not being intimidated by such an imposing structure, even if it felt much more welcoming than the Montgomery home.  Xavier pressed the doorbell.  She expected a butler or a servant to answer but instead an older smiling couple opened the door.
"You must be Selena!" exclaimed the man as he took her in an embrace.  The balding, thin man in blue jeans towered over Selena.  "I'm Xavier's Uncle Paul."
"We've heard so much about you," said the woman decked out with turquoise jewelry and wearing a long blue jean skirt.  Her long, blonde hair fell to the middle of her back, and she was pleasantly plump.  She grabbed Selena when Paul let her go.  "I'm Xavier's Aunt Lucretia."
"We're so happy the both of you are here," said Paul as he grabbed Xavier to embrace him.
After Paul let Xavier go, Lucretia took Xavier's hands in her own.  "I finally get to meet you in person," she said with tears in her eyes.
"Come in, come in," insisted Paul as he led them inside the house.  
Selena’s eyes bounced everywhere at the vivid colors of soft reds, pretty oranges, pastel blues, and warm greens.  Indigenous art, overstuffed sofas, and earthy decor invited her in.  Raw unpainted solid wood from doors and shelves looked natural in the setting.
“Your home is very beautiful,” Selena murmured.
“You like a Southwestern motif?” asked Lucretia.
 “I love Southwestern,” Selena answered.
“You and Lucretia are going to get along perfectly,” announced Paul, chuckling.
“We’re going to be great friends,” Lucretia said warmly.  “I can feel your energy, Selena, and you’ve got good vibes.”
“Thank you,” Selena said, taken aback by her comment but still smiling.
Lucretia and Paul led them to the backyard which was even more becoming than the front.  A huge porch protruded from the house with hanging plants of aromatic spices, colorful flowers, and leafy ferns dangling from its top.  Another fountain decorated the yard with a ceramic dream catcher in the middle of it, water falling calmly through the strings.  A large oak table sat under the porch with a bounty of food waiting for them.
"I know it's not Thanksgiving, but I love turkey," said Paul.
"Me too," Selena chimed in.
When they sat down, Lucretia promptly told them how grateful she was for the get-together.  She insisted she couldn’t wait to offer her thanks to the universe.  They took each other’s hands as Lucretia started to say grace.
“Thank you, Great Spirit, for bringing our nephew and his beautiful girlfriend to share in what you’ve given us.  Thank you for the sunshine, the air, the water, your guidance, and everything you bless us with.  Thank you for this delicious food, and may we always honor you.”
They cheerfully passed the bowls and platters of rich food to each other as they chattered.
"These mashed potatoes are the creamiest I've ever had," Selena said.
‘The squash is very good,” Xavier chimed in.
"I used many different kinds—that’s why it’s so colorful," offered Lucretia.
“Everything is delicious,” Selena gushed.
“Don’t get so full that you don’t leave room for desert.”
“Lucretia made her special candied cactus pears,” announced Paul.
“Cactus pears?” Xavier questioned.
“You’ve never had them?” asked Lucretia.
“What are cactus pears?”
“They grow on cacti and are delicious,” Lucretia stated.
“They’re Lucretia’s favorite fruit.”
Selena now knew why there was a large cacti garden in her yard.  Many people considered cacti a nuisance and would rather plant flowers and rid themselves of the prickly plants.
“Lucretia, you’re really into Southwestern, aren’t you?” asked Selena, an admiring tone to her voice.
“You’d better believe it,” Paul chimed in with enthusiasm.  “She loves all that is indigenous.”
“You do?” asked Xavier.
“Yes, I love their ideas, their wisdom, and their connection to the earth.”
“You must have some Indian blood in you,” stated Xavier.  
“No, unfortunately not a single drop,” Lucretia said, disappointed.  “You don’t know how lucky you are to be partly Inuit.  And you, Selena, you’re lucky to be of a Mexican background—to have Indian blood mixed in with your Spanish.”
“My Grandmother Chela’s mother was a full blooded Mayan,” informed Selena.
Lucretia’s eyes opened wide and hands started jumping up and down.  “You’re Mayan?”
“Yes, Mayan.”
“What an amazing culture!”
“Selena, I think you’ve got a friend for life,” Paul chuckled.
“Xavier, I’m so glad you’re going out with Selena and that both of your are here,” gushed Lucretia.
"Yes, it’s wonderful.  Selena, I sure want to thank you for coming," declared Paul. "I really wanted to meet you."
"I'm thrilled to be here," Selena expressed.
"I know my family isn't the nicest," Paul said with embarrassment.
"No, they're not," affirmed Lucretia.  “Blake doesn’t like me.”
“He doesn’t like most people,” explained Paul.  “Don’t take it personally.”
“I know I’m an acquired taste.”
“Xavier and I think you’re great,” Selena stated.
“Yes, we do.”
“Thank you,” gushed Lucretia.
“Anyone with any brains adores you,” Paul said, kissing her cheek.  
“I knew there was a reason I fell in love with El Paso.  It’s got so many wonderful people.”
"So you're here to stay, Uncle Paul?" asked Xavier.
"Yes, no more roaming the globe for me.  We're here to stay."
"I'm so excited about settling in one place," said Lucretia.
“I’m sure glad you’re here,” informed Xavier.
"Lucretia and I were talking about you this morning," Paul stated.
"What about?" asked Xavier.
"We'd like for you to come live with us," Lucretia declared.
Selena’s mouth abruptly lost all juices.



Chapter 11

If Xavier moved there, he would have to attend another school and Selena wouldn’t see him every day.  The enormous lump lodged in her throat throbbed violently as if ready to explode.  He wouldn’t be impossibly away but he’d be away nonetheless.
his searching eyes
his keen intelligence,
his light musky aroma,
his gently inviting lips,
all would be away.
AWAY.
 How could she do without the closeness of his intense presence?  How often would they see each other?  But on the other hand, Xavier hated living with his Uncle Blake.  He'd be so much happier here, Selena thought with sharp desperation.  I have to let him go.  
"I can't come live with you," stated Xavier.
Selena’s eyebrows rose.
"Sure you can, Xavier.  Lucretia and I would love to have you here."
"I'd love to be here, but I don't want to change schools among other things," he said as his dark eyes fell on Selena and he smiled his sparkler at her.
Lucretia grinned.  "I understand."
"What do you understand?" asked Paul, puzzled.
"He doesn't want to leave his sweetie," explained Lucretia.
Paul's eyes became wide with a realization.  "Oh, I get it."
"Xavier," Selena said quietly, "I think you should move here."
"Are you trying to get rid of me?" asked Xavier, his eyebrows furrowed.
"Don't be silly.  It's just that you're not happy at your Uncle Blake's house."
"I do okay there."
"You hate it there.  Really hate it," Selena stated.
"Yes, but I love being near you," he expressed.
"But—"
"I'm not moving," declared Xavier, his heavy eyes on Selena.
"I can't let you sacrifice yourself like that."
"I'm not moving, and that's the end of that," Xavier insisted, his voice firm.
“But—“
"Selena," said Lucretia, "You might as well stop trying to get a stubborn Montgomery/Jones man to change directions."
Selena let out a deep breath.  "I guess so.”  She hated being so selfish but couldn’t help the relief flooding through her like replenishing water on dry, cracked earth.
"Who's stubborn?" asked Paul. 
"Yeah, who are you calling stubborn?" echoed Xavier.
Lucretia and Selena howled with laughter.  

The next day, Xavier and Selena sat down with Mr. and Mrs. Spinoza at the table for Sunday dinner and enjoyed bean and avocado tostadas.  Mr. Spinoza was now used to Xavier being a fixture at the house.  Even when Xavier knew little about handiwork, he helped Mr. Spinoza fix what was needed.  Mr. Spinoza had to appreciate his enthusiasm for learning.  
"I think I'm going to build another stool for the barn next weekend.  There's only one.  That way you and Selena both can sit while milking Eleanor, Xavier.  Are you game?"
"I'm game," asserted Xavier with enthusiasm.
Xavier took a huge bite out of the fried corn tortilla.  Selena smiled at how far he had come.  There was a time when all the fixin's on top of it would be falling all over.  Now Xavier kept the lettuce, tomatoes, pinto beans and avocado in place.  And could he eat Mrs. Spinoza's hot salsa!  He'd smother enormous amounts of it on everything.  Even Selena, who loved her mother's salsa, didn't pour so much of it on her food.
After dinner, Selena and Xavier went to the backyard with forks and a bag of marshmallows.  The animals gathered around them as they built a bonfire and toasted their sweets.  With the evening being slightly cool, Selena and Xavier sat near to the flames and to each other, their close proximity to one another encasing them in a warm cocoon of romantic connection.  After finishing the marshmallows and putting out the fire, they sat on a serape-like blanket and gazed at the enormous glittering sky.  Antonio didn't bark as he sat next to Xavier and Zac stayed next to Selena.  
"The universe is so huge," Xavier stated.
"And so beautiful."
Gently nearing her Xavier’s lips touched hers, his soft and yet tough gentility taking her in.  Zac was on his best behavior, letting them enjoy their moment under the stars.  After disengaging reluctantly, there was only so much kissing they could get away with being so close to Selena’s house and her father’s watchful eyes, Selena and Xavier lay on the blankets, gazing towards the heavens.  Spoken words were too tiny and clumsy when the never-ending sky sparkled with so much activity and spectacular spirit.
The enormous peacefulness soon affected Selena and Xavier who, without realizing what was happening, fell into a deep sleep.  Selena’s animals patiently looked on, allowing their rest, happy to spend time with them.
Entering her dreams, Selena noticed that this time the fog was nearly gone but the scenery in front of her wasn't clearer since it was like a malfunctioning television with white lines across the screen and a light zapping sound.  The puzzle was no where in sight but next to her stood a flabbergasted Xavier.
“Where are we, Selena?” he asked.
“Don’t worry, Xavier.  I’ve been here before.”
“You have?”
“Yes, and I want you to meet my friend.”
“Your friend?”
“Yes, my friend Clara.”
Xavier gave a loud gasp.  “Did you say Clara?”
“Yes.”
"Clara?!"
Selena abruptly woke up, sitting up and fiercely rubbing her eyes.  For a few seconds, she was disoriented until she realized she wasn’t in her bed but outside with Xavier.  Another strange dream, she told herself as Xavier also bolted up from where he was laying. 
“You wouldn’t believe the dream I just had,” she asserted.
“Me too,” he said disconcertedly.
“You were also dreaming?” she asked, surprised.
“You were in my dream, Selena.”
“So were you,” she stated, more surprised by the minute.  They stared at each other with reluctance to go on until Xavier finally broke the silence.
“Could it be we were having the same dream?” he asked, his questioning eyes heavily anchored on Selena.
“Were you dreaming about being in the middle of nowhere with me and with traces of fog around us?” she asked, almost hoping he wouldn’t answer.
“Yes,” he said simply.  It was all he could say for the moment as he grew pensive and deeply into himself.
“Xavier, how—“
“Clara—did you say you were going to introduce me to someone named Clara?” he demanded, his eyes showing a spark that threatened to ignite.
“Yes,” Selena said.  “Clara is a woman who has been in some of my dreams.  Why do you ask?”
“What does she look like?” he asked, a strange sound to his voice.
“She’s got clear green eyes, light brown hair, and a calm voice.”
“I think I know who she is,” he said, solemn and sounding far away.
“Who?”
“My mother,” he murmured, so quietly that she almost didn’t hear him.



Chapter 12

“Your mother?’  Selena asked with disbelief, barely being able to get the words out.
“Yes, my mother,” he said, sounding even more distant.
“I don’t understand.”
“I don’t either,” he asserted, gazing deep into the stars.
“How could we have the same dream, and how is it possible that your mother showed up in my dreams?”
“I don’t know,” he said, out of breath with his eyes turning more fluid than usual. 
“It can’t be her,” Selena insisted.  “This woman is too young to be your mother and—“ But she broke off her own sentence having made a realization.  “What age was she when she died, Xavier?”
“Early thirties,” he mumbled.
“It’s her,” Selena declared, completely dumbfounded.
 “I might have a second chance at being with my mother,” murmured Xavier, his eyes full of liquid.
In her desperate attempt to figure out the odd situation, she had overlooked the obvious—a gift for Xavier.  “If you could see your mother again, wouldn’t that be wonderful?” she murmured.
“It would be beyond words.”

Because Mr. Spinoza had called out to Selena and Xavier, telling them it was time for Xavier to go home since the next day was Monday and the start of a new work and school week, they didn’t have enough time to make heads or tails out of the situation.  Xavier did, however, make Selena promise that she would not call Grandmother Chela until he was with her and since neither of them had cell phones, they had to wait until after school the next day.
From the onset of Monday, Selena could feel Xavier’s jitteriness.  She could sense his anxiousness to talk to her grandmother, but all they could do was wait patiently until school was over.
“He’ll notice me again,” Moonflower said bitterly while the three of them were at lunch.  Xavier quietly ate his food.
“You’re talking about Saul?” Selena asked.
“Who else would I be talking about?” she frowned as she glanced at the ugly table where he sat happily with Julia Gutierrez. “Why are you two so out-of-it?”
“It’s nothing,” Selena said, hoping she’d drop the subject.  “Why are you trying to get Saul’s attention?”
Moonflower rolled her eyes as if she couldn’t believe Selena had asked such a dumb question.  “The guy made a fool out of me.”
“He makes a fool out of himself by acting like a jerk,” Selena stated.
“I’ll show him,” Moonflower retorted.  “I’ll lose weight and let's see how sorry he'll be for losing me.”
“Moonflower, stop that.  You need to forget him.”
“Stop telling me how I should feel,” she cried, her feelings hurt.  “You don’t know what I’ve been going through.  You’ve been lost in your own world.”
Selena’s heart started aching.  “I’m sorry, Moonflower.  I’m sorry I haven’t been there for you.”
“Just please try to understand.”
“Okay.”
A mocking laughter echoed through the cafeteria and when Selena looked to see where it came from, she wasn’t surprised that it had originated from the ugly table.
“They’re laughing at us,” Moonflower whispered, horrified.
“No, I don’t think so.  They’re—“
“Selena, they’re laughing at us,” Moonflower repeated with a breaking voice.
Selena examined them with more than a passing glance this time and realized with disgust and fury that Moonflower was right.  While Sebastian and Steve were in a discussion and seemed oblivious to what was going on around them, the rest of the mega-uglies pointed at Moonflower, Selena, and Xavier and cackled.  Saul and Julia seemed to be talking about Moonflower but Cherise, Asher, and Brad were ridiculing Selena and Xavier.  Words such as fat, stupid, and hideous hit the air.  Ever since the fight between Brad and Xavier, Brad had stayed away but now with him cradled within the mega-uglies, his fear of Xavier was less than his need to keep being a part of what had become the in group.
“This is so embarrassing,” cried Moonflower.
“Don’t worry about what they think,” remarked Xavier, getting out of his introvert stance and glaring at the ugly table.  
“But they’re humiliating us,” Moonflower rushed, a trail of shiny tears falling from her eyes.
“Don’t cry, Moonflower,” Selena said, trying to soothe her.  “They’re not worth it.”
Selena then saw it, saw the tremendous power inside of Xavier as his eyes shifted to the mega-uglies with a steely glance that didn’t waiver at all.  It was a straight arrow that surprised her in its intensity.  Her stunned realization at being able to see into Xavier’s gift didn’t stop her fascination and curiosity at what was about to happen.
A noisy clatter sounded from above the ugly table just before a thick flood of water rushed down as the pipes from the fire prevention system in the ceiling broke with heavy clangs.  Screams and shrieks permeated the cafeteria as the mega-uglies quickly tried to desperately get away from the water and ungracefully slipped and fell in the process.  
The janitor, who was eating at the time, quickly reacted by shutting off the water to that sprinkler system.  The mega-uglies, some on the floor and others barely standing but all completely soaked, stared at each other in disbelief.  Their once carefully styled hair was matted on their heads, make-up slid off with dark mascara splotching itself under their eyes, and water dripped from designer, dry clean only clothes.  
Dark chuckles erupted from all sides as the astonishment wore off.  It was like a nervous release but also a sharp poke at the mega-uglies who looked like wet baby chicks.
“Stop laughing at us,” shrieked Cherise.
But the problem was that she and her cohorts had ridiculed many in the crowd and they were returning the favor.
The principal, who had just stepped into the cafeteria for his lunch, stopped dead in his tracks.  “What happened here?” he roared.
“An overhead pipe broke,” answered the janitor.
“Why did it break?” he asked suspiciously, glancing at some of the usual troublemakers.”
“I think it was just a malfunction.”
As the janitor said malfunction, Selena noticed Sebastian Crawley’s eyes shoot to Xavier.  Did he suspect?—or was it her imagination that he was staring at Xavier with curiosity?

“Sorry about today,” stated Xavier as he and Selena walked to her house from the bus stop.  “I have too much on my mind today to put up with those jerks.”
“I know,” Selena said quietly, squeezing his hand.
“Moonflower’s really got a problem,” muttered Xavier.  “She needs to let Saul go.”
“I feel bad that I haven’t been there for her.  I’ve been too into our stuff.”
“Don’t feel bad, Selena.  We’ve got a lot on our plate.”
“Yeah, but I shouldn’t be neglecting her.”
They stepped into her house where her mom had caldo prepared for them.  Selena’s heart expanded as she watched Xavier, who she knew was much more anxious to talk to Grandmother Chela than she was, patiently eat the beef soup and pleasantly converse with her mother as if he didn’t have anything pressing to do.  
After they finished, Selena and Xavier sat outside on the bench.  He stared at his hands in deep thought as she dialed Grandmother Chela’s number.  When she answered, he put his ear close to Selena so they could share the phone.
“Hi, Grandmother Chela.  How are you?” Selena asked.
“Great, but how are you?” she asked suspiciously.
“Xavier’s right here with me and we wanted to know . . .”
“Yes?” Grandmother Chela asked.
“We had a dream yesterday.”
“Yes?”
“Grandmother Chela,” Selena said, letting out a deep breath, “Xavier and I actually had the same dream.”
“Yes, and?”
“Grandmother, you make it sound as if this isn’t strange.”
 “It’s not,” Grandmother Chela said with certain impatience.  “You two need to stop forgetting who you are.  You're special, and you’re going to have out-of-the-ordinary things happen from now on.  In fact, you’ve had a taste of the this all your lives and you chose not to notice but now you have to pay attention.”
“My mother,” Xavier muttered.  “Please ask her about my mother.”
“Grandmother Chela—“
“I heard,” she said quietly.  “Xavier, can you hear me?”
“Yes.”
“Your mother has been waiting to see you for a long time, Xavier,” Grandmother Chela murmured softly.  "A long time."



Chapter 13

“My mother is still around?” he asked, his voice full of all the hope in the world.
“It’s only our bodies that die.”
“Why hadn’t you told me?” he questioned abruptly.
“I promised you that you’d see her again, remember?”
“Will I really see her, or will I wake up again?” he blurted.
“You’ll see her.”
“Why hadn’t I dreamed about her before?” he asked, his voice slightly demanding.
“It wasn’t time.”
“What kind of answer is that?” he blurted angrily but then he bit his tongue.  “I’m sorry, Doña Chela, that I spoke to you that way.  I didn’t mean to disrespect you.”
“That’s okay, Xavier.  I know how hard it’s been for you to be without your mother.  It’s been hard on her too.”
“It has?” he asked gently.
“Yes, but she’ll tell you that herself.”
“When?” he asked anxiously.  “When can I speak to her again.”
“Xavier, the time will come soon, okay?”
“Okay,” he said, disappointed.
“Will we be in the same dream again?” Selena asked.  “Or will he dream about his mother by himself this time?”
“No, Selena, Xavier needs you to be able to dream about his mother.”
“What?” Selena asked.
“How is that?” Xavier asked, baffled.
“Selena is a conductor for your energy.  She’s able to channel it into impossible places.”
“I am?” Selena questioned.
“I keep telling you how special you are, my granddaughter.”
Xavier smiled deeply.  “That’s very true.”
“Conducting energy—how is that possible?” Selena asked incredulously.
“Stop limiting your abilities, Selenita, and stop all the doubts.  You both dreamed about the same thing.  Why are you still doubting what happened?”
“I don’t know, Grandmother Chela.  I just need some time to get used to all of this.”
“Wisely said, Selenita.  With time you’ll learn more about yourselves, your abilities, and what you can and can’t do.”
“Doña Chela, last night Selena and I fell asleep in the backyard.  Will that have to happen again for us to share a dream?” he asked anxiously.
“No,” she said firmly.
Xavier let out a deep breath.  “I can be in my house and Selena in her home?”
“Yes.”
“But—“ Selena started.
“Stop that, Doubting Thomas,” stated Grandmother Chela.  “Xavier, my granddaughter can help you reach your mom from wherever she’s at.”
“How?” Selena asked.  “I don’t even know how I did it yesterday.  And I didn’t do so good since the picture in the dream was terrible.”
“That’s because it was the first time you two connected for a dream,” stated Grandmother Chela.
“But I still don’t know how I did it.”
“For this, you don’t need to do anything but to stay connected to Xavier,” affirmed Grandmother Chela.
“You mean that if Selena and I weren’t together, I wouldn’t be able to see my mother?”
“That’s right.”
“But—“
“Stop, Selenita.”
Selena clammed up.
“You’ll understand more as time goes on,” asserted Grandmother Chela.
“I will?” Selena asked.  
“Yes, but wait patiently.  Wait for wisdom, Selenita.  And you, Xavier, wait for your mother.  The answers will come to you.”
“What answers?” Selena and Xavier asked in unison.
“You’ll see.”

All through lunch, Selena kept glancing at Moonflower's trey.  Moonflower chatted about the new vehicle her parents were about to purchase, and Selena noted how her friend had barely taken a few bites out of her hamburger.  Xavier eyed Selena.  He was thinking the same thing.  
"Moonflower—" Selena started to say.
"I told them they should get something in a royal blue—wouldn't that be nice?  A royal blue with—"
"Moonflower!" 
Selena had spoken so loud that the entire cafeteria quieted down, and she fidgeted with embarrassment.  After a few seconds, the place started buzzing again.
"Why did you call out my name like that?" asked Moonflower with an irritated voice.
"I was trying to get your attention."
"I'm right next to you," Moonflower muttered.  "You don't have to yell out my name."
"Okay, Moonflower but I do want to know why you’re not eating."
"I've eaten a little."
"Maybe a tiny bit," declared Selena.  "Tiny."
"You're wrong.  I've eaten enough."
"Selena's right.  You haven't had that much," stated Xavier.
"So what's the big deal about me not eating?"
"I'm worried about you," said Selena.  
"Why would you be worried about me?"
"I haven't seen you eat very much in weeks," observed Selena.  Moonflower's fries were intact.  
"I don't like cafeteria food," explained Moonflower.
"You always liked it before," declared Selena.
"I don't like it now," said an annoyed Moonflower.
"Are you eating enough at home?" asked a doubtful Xavier.
"Of course I am."
"You're losing a lot of weight, Moonflower," said Selena, her eyebrows furrowed.
Moonflower grinned.  "I am, right?” she announced proudly.  “I've never been this size.  Saul was looking me over the other day in Spanish class.  I hear Julia dumped him to go back to Ronnie."
"I don't care about Saul," growled Selena.  "I care about you and I'm worried that you're taking this dieting too far."
"Don't worry about me, Sel, I'm fine—better than fine."

As Xavier walked Selena home, she tightly took his strong but gentle hand.  He, in turn, squeezed hers back.  The electrical current in his hand energized her own as his special touch completely drew her in.
"You're really worried about Moonflower, aren't you?" asked Xavier.
"You've noticed that she's got something serious going on, haven't you?"
Xavier nodded.  "It's hard to miss.  She barely touches her food.”
“I know,” Selena said, deep in thought.  Then she snapped her eyes back to Xavier.  “How are you doing?”
“Great.”
“I don’t think so,” Selena stated, lightly flicking a strand of hair from his dark eyes.  “I’m sorry.”
“For what?” he asked, his voice gentle.
“That dream about your mom hasn’t come.”
“You heard your grandmother.  It’ll come when the time is right.”  He let out an exasperated breath.  “The important thing is that it will come.”
“You’ll see your mother again, Xavier,” Selena said gently.
Xavier dropped her off at the gate, kissed her warmly, and told her he'd call her later.  He had a test the next day and needed to get home to start studying.  Selena was glad she'd have some time alone with her mother.
"Mom, something is very wrong with Moonflower," stated Selena as soon as she stepped into her house.  "And I don't know what to do."
Mrs. Spinoza's face scrunched up in concern.  "I've been noticing that she's been losing a lot of weight."
"Everybody keeps telling her how great she looks.  She doesn't see anything wrong."
Mrs. Spinoza shook her head.  "I don't think she looks good at all.  She looks like she's starving all the time."
"She is starving all the time."
"I'm going to call her mother," declared Mrs. Spinoza.
"Do you think that's the right thing to do?"
"Selena, we have to do something."
"She'll get angry."
"Are you more worried about that than your friend's life?" Mrs. Spinoza asked quietly.
"You're right, Mom.  Call her.  Call her now."
Mrs. Spinoza called Mrs. Dominguez and with all the delicacy she could muster, told her she was concerned about Moonflower.  Mrs. Dominguez had been afraid to broach the subject with her daughter since weight was such a concern to Moonflower.  Now with Mrs. Spinoza bringing it out in the open, Mrs. Dominguez felt the necessity to talk to her daughter.  An hour later, Moonflower called Selena.
"What did you tell your mother?" asked an infuriated Moonflower.  Selena could practically see the smoke coming out of the phone.
"I told her that I'm worried about you."
"She called my mother!"
"We're both very worried," Selena declared.
"I already told you that I'm fine!"
"You don't seem fine, Moonflower."
"Are you jealous because I look so good?"
"Don't be ridiculous, Moonflower."
"You're jealous, aren't you?  The guys are starting to flirt with me and you're jealous."
"Moonflower," Selena said angrily, "I've got Xavier.  I don't need any other guys and even if I didn't have him, I don't need to be jealous of anybody.  Is that clear?"
“No, it’s not clear,” snapped Moonflower.
“What?”
“You’ve got Xavier and you don’t want me to have anybody—that’s why you don’t want me to lose weight.”
“Moonflower, stop saying stuff like that—stuff that will mess up our friendship,” Selena chided.
“It seems to me that ever since Xavier came into the picture, you haven’t been a real friend.”
“Moonflower, you know that’s not true,” Selena stated strongly.  “I know that sometimes I’ve got stuff on my mind but—“
“You’ve changed, Selena, ever since you started seeing Xavier.  You’re not my best friend anymore.”
“Moonflower—“
“Just stay with your precious Xavier and I’ll stay where I’m at but I’m warning you, keep out of my business.”
“Moonflower—“ Selena said, as she heard the phone click and a dial tone.  For the second time that year, she and her best friend were fighting.  And yet, she couldn’t completely blame Moonflower because in facing reality, Selena realized a great truth.  Moonflower wasn’t her only best friend anymore.  
Xavier who was now also her best friend and her boyfriend.  



Chapter 14

Selena woke up so abruptly that she nearly fell off her bed.  The word deviations bellowed harshly in her ears.  Then making an important realization, she shot straight up and put her hands over her face.
Xavier wasn’t in my dream, she said to herself.  His mother was there but he wasn’t.  She laid back down trying to remember all of the details.
Xavier’s mother had told her that humans had many deviations getting in the way of their better selves.
“Like Moonflower and her obsession with Saul and losing weight?” Selena asked, her nostrils filling with Clara’s sweet perfume of lilacs.
“Yes, she’s deviating from her true self,” Clara said, suddenly moving away from her.
“Where are you going?” Selena asked.
“I’ve got to go.”
“But I need you to meet with Xavier.  I need you to—“
“I’ll be back as soon as he’s ready.”
“But—“
“He’s not ready for me yet,” Clara said with deep sadness in her voice.
“He’ll be so disappointed.”
“It can’t be helped.”
“But—“
“Don’t forget what I said about deviations.”



Chapter 15

Selena washed her hands in the girls lavatory at school, deep in thought about the dismal turn her life had taken.  Moonflower was ignoring her and when she had told Xavier about Clara’s nocturnal visit, his reaction was predictable.  Selena had immediately regretted having had to tell him, wishing fervently that if he wasn’t with her in her dreams, then she would stop dreaming about his mother. 
“It seems that my mom doesn’t want to see me,” he had muttered, his eyes completely lacking any spark.
“She said she’d be back when you’re ready,” Selena offered.
“Ready?” he retorted.  “I’ve been ready since she died.”
“She’ll be back,” Selena said, trying to sound reassuring.
“I’m beginning to doubt that.”
The bathroom door swung open as Selena was trying to compose herself.  Asher Montgomery strode in.  With her losing weight to model, she had shrunk since the last time Selena had taken note of her.  A sickly yellow pallor had replaced her rosy cheeks, but it didn’t hide the frustrated look on her face.   
"You," Asher growled at her.  "I've been meaning to talk to you."
"What about?" Selena asked defensively.
"My cousin."
"You want to talk to me about Xavier?"
"Why are you with him?"
“What?”
“Why are you with my cousin?” she questioned, enunciating each word as if she was speaking to a child.  
"Why do you think I'm with him?" Selena asked sarcastically.
"You want his money?"
"Don't be stupid," Selena retorted, fuming.
“It has to be a thrill for someone like you to be with someone like him.”
“Someone like me?”
“You’re not exactly a supermodel.”
“And so what if I’m not?” Selena stated, her voice strong and head held up high.”
"It doesn't make any sense why he would be with you."
"Why is that?" Selena snapped.
"He should be with Cherise."
"He doesn't want to be with Cherise.  He wants to be with me."
The door swung open and Cora Rivera stepped in wearing her cheerleading outfit since she’d be leaving shortly with the rest of the cheerleaders for a football game.  She took in the scene in front of her and her eyes turned to angry slats as she eyed Asher.
"There's got to be something wrong with Xavier if he wants you instead of Cherise," continued Asher with venom.
"I'm not going to take this from you, Asher," snapped Selena.  "If you want to know why your cousin prefers me then ask him.”  
“I have.”
“What did he say?” Selena asked, her eyes shooting arrows into Asher.
“Nothing that makes sense.”
“To you it doesn’t,” Selena stated.
“Your cousin is lucky to be with Selena,” snarled Cora.  “And he knows it!”
Asher glared at her and started storming out.  Cora eyed her back as Asher strode out the door.
"The nerve of her," Selena said, still fuming.
“I’ve never liked her.”
"She's hard to like."
Cora nodded.  "You can say that again."
“Thanks for defending me.”
“I just said the truth.”
Selena smiled warmly.  The students she helped by tutoring them always surrounded her with such inspiring loyalty.  "It’s good to have friends like you when I have enemies like Asher.”
“I don’t know what her problem is.  I saw her just before coming in here, and she was talking all heated with Steve.”
“She was fighting with her boyfriend?”
“No, Selena.  It wasn’t him she was angry at.  I could hear some of what she was saying after she saw you come in.  Your name kept coming up.  She doesn’t want you with her cousin.”
“That’s nothing new,” Selena stated.  “She wants Cherise for her cousin.”
Cora smiled.  “But he wants you.”
“Yes, he wants me,” Selena murmured with a content voice.

That night, Selena went to bed thinking about deviations.  During lunch, Moonflower had stepped into the cafeteria with a different attitude, differing from the one she had in Calculus class which was one of sadness and silence.  Selena had tried to figure what had changed in Moonflower when the door swung open, and Saul strode up to her.  They had picked up their food and had headed to the ugly table.
“What’s that about?” asked Xavier who even though was inside his own problems, couldn’t help noticing what had occurred.
“Looks like they’re back together,” mumbled Selena, concerned.
Julia Gutierrez walked in with Ronny, and it became clear to Selena that Saul was using Moonflower to show Julia he didn’t need her.
“What a mess,” Xavier uttered, eyeing Selena and she knew they were thinking along the same lines.
For the rest of the day, Selena was extremely bothered with what had happened in the cafeteria.  Just a few short weeks ago, Moonflower, Saul, Xavier, and she were a team.  What happened?
Why is Moonflower acting that way? Selena mumbled to herself as she snuggled in her blankets just before she fell into a deep sleep.
“You’re here!” Selena shrieked into Xavier’s ears.  
He smiled his movie star sparkler.  “Yes, I’m here,” he said excitedly.
“We did it!  We did it!”  And the cherry on the cake was that there was no static in the scenery.  It was as smooth as butter.  She could see Xavier clearly.
Xavier looked at her sadly.
“What is it?” Selena asked, worried.
“Where’s my mother?” he questioned, an exhausted tone to his voice.
“Maybe . . .”
“What?  Maybe what?” he asked.
“Maybe you’ve deviated from where you should be.”
“What?”
“Maybe you should concentrate on your love for your mother.”
“What are you talking about?” he asked angrily.  “That’s all I’ve been thinking about.”
“That’s not true,” Selena said softly.
“What do you mean it isn’t true?” he asked sharply.
“Xavier, what keeps going over and over in your mind is the last day she was alive and your frustration over her not having stayed with you.  You’re even upset now that she hasn’t come to you yet.”
“Selena, I’ve got a right to be upset.”
“I know.  I really do but unless you clear the airwaves, I don’t think she’ll be able to make it here.”



Chapter 16

Selena anxiously waited for Xavier at the bus stop, her heart beating fast and her hands fidgeting with wanting to express what had seemed so impossible a very short time ago.  That morning she couldn’t perform her chores fast enough or eat her breakfast at a more rapid pace.  
“Last night—“ she started to tell him nervously.
“I was there,” he said, astonishment bubbling in his voice.
“We were both in the same dream,” she rushed out.
“Yes,” he stated.
“I’m so excited!”
"Maybe I'm getting closer to seeing my mother."
"Definitely."
“I just wonder about . . .”
“What?” Selena asked.
“Deviations.”
“What about them?”
Xavier nodded solemnly.  “Deviations are stopping me from seeing my mother?”
Before they could continue their conversation, the bus arrived.  She would have to speak to him later about the dream.  It was then that she noticed that Moonflower was nowhere in sight.  Saul had bought a car a few weeks ago and it didn’t take much for Selena to put two and two together.  

During lunch, Selena tried not to stare at Moonflower whose loud voice could be heard from the ugly table.  She flirted with Saul, criticized what other girls were wearing, and bragged abut her new designer wear.  Selena had never seen her act like this.
“She’s becoming a hater,” Xavier stated.
“I know.  She’s completely deviated from herself.”
As Moonflower’s voice expanded a few decibels, the tray she was eating from dropped on her lap, creating a huge mess on her designer skirt.  Laughter echoed through the cafeteria, from those happy to see someone with her nose in the air get slammed down.  Saul stared at Moonflower, horrified.
“Are you okay, Moonflower?” asked Steve with concern.
Moonflower didn’t bother to answer him.  She hastily shot up and rushed out the cafeteria.  The laughter grew noisier and crueler.
Selena stared at Xavier with a serious question in his eyes.
“That wasn’t me,” Xavier popped out.
“But how did—“
“Even with her acting like a jerk, I wouldn’t do that to her,” he stated, his deeply sincere eyes getting a hold of Selena’s. “It had to be an accident.”
“I hope she’s okay,” Selena said, her voice in sharp concern.  
The rest of the school day passed excruciatingly slowly with Xavier and Selena exchanging certain knowing glances during last period.  To the normal eye, he was acting as introverted as usual but Selena could feel his rapid heart beat.  When they finally were able to sit on the bench outside her house, he was the first one to speak.
“You have no idea how much the word deviations has been haunting me especially seeing what Moonflower is doing to herself,” he said, his whole form slumped and his dark eyes reaching into her.
“It can really mess you up,” Selena said gently, trying not to get lost in his closeness or the deepness in his eyes.
 “I’ve got a big problem, don’t I?” he asked, pensive in thought.  
“I think so.”
“I’m more tuned in to anger than to love?”
“Yes.”



Chapter 17

“Xavier.”
“Is that really you, Mom?” he asked, his astonished eyes filling with water.
“Yes, it’s me.”
Selena stood aside as Xavier put his arms around his tearful mother.  She deeply inhaled Clara’s flowery perfume—this time it was roses.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be there for you,” Xavier’s mother said, her words drowning in sobs.
“I’m sorry that with all of my abilities,” he declared, his voice broken, “I couldn’t save you.”
Clara took his face in her hands.  “My son, you’ve got to stop carrying all that guilt, all that mess.  It wasn’t your fault.”
“But I could’ve saved you,” he affirmed strongly.
“I could’ve saved myself,” Clara stated.  “But it wasn’t meant to be.”
“But, Mom—“
“Don’t do this to yourself anymore, my son.  What’s important is that we're together now.”
“Thanks to Selena,” Xavier asserted.  He and Clara turned to her and smiled.  Clara’s sparkler was almost as perfect as her son’s.  
That’s where he gets it—his movie star smile, Selena said to herself.  
“Mom, this is the legendary Selena,” he declared.
“I already know her,” Clara informed him as she took Selena in an embrace.
“I know you do, but I still wanted to introduce you two—the most important people in my life.”
“I’m glad you finally came together,” Clara expressed.
“I’m sorry it took me so long to accept my destiny,” Selena commented, smiling lightly.
“You are a stubborn one,” she said, a slight tease in her voice.
“Me?”
“Yes, you,” laughed Xavier.  “It’s crazy what it took for you to go out with me.”
“I was very wrong.”
Xavier chuckled.  “Say that again.”
“I was wrong.  Does it make you feel good that I’m admitting it?” Selena asked, smiling.
“Well . . . Actually, yes, I’m glad you’re saying it.”
All three chuckled loudly as they basked in the light of each other’s presence.  



Chapter 18

Xavier's whole demeanor changed after his mutual dream with Selena.  He smiled brighter and had a slight bounce to his step.  Selena was indescribably relieved that he had finally gotten to talk to his mother.  She hadn't known how much more she could take with all the agonizing stress in her life at the moment.
A few days later, Mrs. Spinoza had called loudly to her daughter to come outside with her.  Selena didn’t know what the fuss was all about.  But as soon as they reached the outdoors, the answer squarely hit her between the eyes.  Selena had never seen such a sunset.  If possible, it was even more remarkable than the sunrise she had witnessed a few weeks ago.  The shimmering oranges were brighter, the pretty pinks with sharper brilliance, and the endless ocean-blue sky cradling the many complimentary hues within itself.
Even her animals had stopped what they were doing to look at the sky.  What’s going on?  wondered Selena.  She no longer took these strange happenings for granted.
“Isn’t this beautiful?” asked Mrs. Spinoza, out of breath with emotion.
“Yes, beautiful,” mumbled Selena, not being able to help the insecurities from bubbling inside of her.  This sunset has to mean something, she said to herself.  And it may not be something good.  
It was with that thought that she went to bed and tossed and turned until finally arriving at a deep sleep.
When seeing Xavier at a distance, Selena rushed towards him.  It quickly became obvious to her that she wasn’t in the same place as before and that Clara was nowhere in sight.  This time, Selena and Xavier were on a mountain and as she neared him, she saw what he was so enthralled with—the most immense weeping willow tree she had ever seen.  The branches, the size of small tree trunks, nearly reached to the ground with bright yellow-green leaves spreading in the sunshine.  
“What a tree,” she gushed, reaching Xavier.
“Selena,” Xavier announced, happily.  “You’re here.”
Then Selena noticed what was in his hands and stared wide-eyed at the object, not blinking even once.
“What’s that?” she asked.
“Some sort of a key,” he answered.
She stepped up to him in awed reverence and touched the magnificent, crystal clear key the size of a new tube of toothpaste.  Rainbow colors shimmered inside of the translucent object.  The key had a life of its own, and Selena could feel its vibrant energy.
“What’s it for?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” Xavier responded.

Selena woke up to what appeared to be a normal day.  Her animals acted as usual and nothing gave the appearance of being out of place.  Yet, her world may not have seemed different but it felt different nonetheless. 
As soon as Selena saw Xavier coming towards her at the bus stop, a relief spread through her like margarine over toast.  She waited patiently as he gracefully made it to her, his form as confident as always.
“Hi,” he said, his fluid eyes raking over her face.
“Hi,” Selena answered, struck by his presence as she usually was when first seeing him for the day.
“How were your dreams?” he asked, his eyebrows up and voice in a serious tone.  
Judging by the intense look in his face, Selena knew what he was actually asking.  “A tree and a key.  How were your dreams?”
“The same as yours,” he answered, going deep in his head.  “What did it mean?”
“I don’t know,” Selena sighed.  “But we know who to ask.”
All throughout the morning as Selena went from one class to another, she expected a change in climate but instead, the day stayed sunny and warm—no harsh winds let loose.  Windows didn’t unexpectedly open, light bulbs didn’t shatter, and bookshelves didn’t fall on students.  The beautiful sunset the night before hadn’t brought anything with it as the radiant sunrise seemed to have done a few weeks ago.  The ghost in the library all but forgotten with the resilient student body.  During lunch, Moonflower still sat with the mega-uglies, but she was much quieter than the day before.
“All this calm makes me nervous,” Xavier whispered to Selena during Science class.  
“Something’s off today.”
“You feel it too?”
“Yes.”
“What’s happening?” Selena asked anxiously.
Xavier’s dark eyes gazed at her with a grave undertone.  “My guess is that it’s the calm before the storm.”



Chapter 19

Xavier eyed Selena solemnly as she cradled the phone in her hands.  Making no move to dial it, she calmly held it.  He waited with a question on his face and Selena firmly ignored his impatience.  Having just arrived from school and sitting on her porch, the sunny day was giving way to clouds and she looked forward to those drops of water in the dry desert.
“Aren’t you going to call your grandmother?” Xavier asked with irritation.
“Give me a little time.”
“Why?”
“Everything is happening so fast,” Selena said quietly.  “I just want to enjoy some normalcy, even if it’s only for a few minutes.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, putting his arms tightly around her.
“Why are you sorry?”
“For not being more considerate.  I’ve had this strangeness all of my life, but you were just thrown into it.”
“I’m adjusting,” Selena said, giving him a smile.  “I’m okay.”
“You sure?” he asked, concerned.
“Positive.”
He held her for a few moments longer and when a few drops of rain started splattering, she decided it was time to call before the rain got worse.
“Hello, Grandmother Chela,” Selena said when she answered.
“Selenita, I’m so glad to hear from you.  How are you and Xavier?”
“Fine, he’s next to me.”
“He is?”
“I’m here,” he said, snuggling closer to Selena and the phone.
“Is there something you want to ask me?” Grandmother Chela questioned.
“We need to ask you about a dream we had,” Selena stated.
“Go ahead.”
“In it, Xavier had this key in his—“
“Key?!” Grandmother Chela blurted, her voice shaky and astonished.
“Yes, a key.”
“What did it look like?” demanded Grandmother Chela.
“It was big, crystal and—“
“Did it have a lot of energy in it?” questioned Grandmother Chela with nervous undertones to her voice.
“Yes, that’s it,” joined Xavier.  “What kind of key is it?”
Grandmother Chela let out a heavy sigh.  “It’s the Key of Hearts,” she uttered quietly.
“The Key of Hearts?” Selena and Xavier asked in unison.
“Yes, the Key of Hearts.”
“What is it, grandmother?”
“Both of you know that human beings function through energies, right?”
“We’re electrical,” stated Xavier.
“That’s what the Key of Hearts is.”
“Energies?” Selena asked.
“Gifted people give off more electrical current than the average person.  Those electrical waves eventually come together like magnets.  Energy never dies—it transforms, my children.”
“So the Key of Hearts is energy?” asked Xavier.
“Yes.”
“So it’s not a real key—like a car key?” Selena questioned.
“Actually, it is but instead of being metal it’s made from quartz crystal.  Several have been formed in the past, but they've been retrieved.  A new one has matured and just finished forming.  It’s somewhere in the El Paso area.”
“How do you know that?” Selena asked.
“You saw a special sunrise a few weeks ago, didn’t you?”
“We saw it,” answered Xavier.
“It only happened in the El Paso area and it was the sign that the key was almost ready.  A windstorm followed it, indicating the near complete pulling together of the energy.  Most gifted people felt that pull.  You felt it, didn’t you?”
“Yes,” Xavier answered.
“How about you, Selena?”
“I felt it too.”
“Then after the sunrise comes a special sunset too.”
“That was yesterday,” informed Selena.
“The sunset marks the completion of the key.”
“Why did we dream about the Key of Hearts?” asked Xavier.
“This is very upsetting,” blurted Grandmother Chela, her voice breaking up as she seemed to be talking to herself.  “Very upsetting, very bad.  How could this happen?”
“What are you talking about, Grandmother?”
“Danger,” she mumbled harshly.
“What?”
“Your lives are in danger now,” she declared with concern heavy in her words.
“Grandmother, you’re scaring us,” Selena announced, her voice throbbing in her throat.
“I don’t know why the key chose you!  This isn't normal.”
“Grandmother Chela!  Please get a hold of yourself and explain.”
“Yes, Dona Chela.  You’ve got to tell us what’s going on.”
Grandmother Chela took a deep breath.  “I’m sorry I lost it but I can’t face the thought that something might happen to you, Selenita.”
“What can happen to me?”
“The key chose you—I can’t believe it!  It chose two rookies.  It always chooses experienced people, but this time it chose novices who aren’t strong enough in their gifts yet.”
“What do you mean it chose us?” asked Xavier.
“If you dreamt you had it then it chose you to retrieve it.”
“Retrieve it?” asked Selena.
“If the greedy gifted get it, I don’t even want to think about what will happen.”
“The greedy gifted?” asked Xavier.  “The dangerous forces you had told us about?”
“Yes, they’re our opposites.  We try to protect while they try to disrupt and steal everything they can.”
“Are they that evil?” Selena asked, still puzzled.
“Power can be used for good or bad,” stated Grandmother Chela.  “I told you that the world is very complicated.”
“Do you think those greedy gifted are already here?” inquired Xavier.
“Yes!  That’s the danger I’ve been telling you about . . . I’m so sorry,” Grandmother Chela cried.  “I’ve made a big mistake.”
“About what?” asked Selena.
“I told you that those strange happenings at school were just coincidences or just energy bursts.”
“They’re not, are they?” asked Selena.
“No,” stated Grandmother Chela, upset.
“Don’t feel bad, Dona Chela.  You also told us to be careful and not to trust anybody, remember?”
“Yes, Grandmother, you told us that.”
“I did, didn't I?” she asked with a surge of relief in her voice.
“Tell us more about the greedy gifted,” Selena asked.  
“They’re desperate for that key but unlike us, who always take it to the Tree of Birth, they want to harness its power.”
“The Tree of Birth?” Selena asked, gulping.
“A tall majestic Weeping Willow that’s been around since before humans. It’s located off of Trans Mountain Road.”
“We dreamt about that tree,” Xavier explained.
“The Tree of Birth has a type of key hole for the Key of Hearts.  Once it’s completely in, no human can touch it.”
“What’ll happen if these thieves get the key?” Xavier asked.
“They’ll steal its power and then usurp our own through it,” she stated.  “Evil will take over.”
“They’ll take over our abilities?” asked Xavier.
“Yes.”
“We can’t let that happen, Grandmother.”
“Where can we find the key?” questioned Xavier.
“You have to search for it.”
“How do we even begin to do that?” he asked.  
“Xavier, Selena,” Grandmother Chela stated, demanding attention, “life is a puzzle.”
“Like the one in the dream I had?” Selena asked.
“Yes, Selenita,” Grandmother Chela declared solemnly.  “No human being has the full puzzle.  Pieces are here and there.  You’ve got to put them together.”
“So what you’re trying to tell us is that we’ll get clues from different people and things?” Selena asked.
“The Key of Hearts will want to reach you and its energy will move your way because it really belongs to the ones who share their gifts with the world.”
“So the clues will be coming?” questioned Xavier.
“Yes.  The key will try to find you.”
“By the way, why is it called the Key of Hearts?” Selena asked.
“Because those of us with loving gifts protect with our hearts.  We care and that’s why we do what we do.”
“We’ll find the Key of Hearts no matter what,” asserted Selena.
“Be very careful, my children.”
Xavier frowned lightly.  “If we only knew who the greedy gifted were, it would make everything a lot easier but you said that they could be anybody, Dona Chela.”
“You’ve got a big advantage going for you,” assured Grandmother Chela.
“What is that?” asked Xavier.
“Just like I didn’t know that the key would choose you, I’m sure they’re in the same boat.”
“What?” asked Selena.
“They’re probably assuming like I did that the Key of Hearts would choose more seasoned warriors.”
“Maybe they’re not at our school, after all,” said a hopeful Selena.
“I wouldn’t count on it,” stated Grandmother Chela.  “Those strange happenings sound like them.  Right now, at least one greedy gifted has to be at every school and business in the El Paso area trying to sniff out the heart gifted—just like we don’t know who all of them are, they don’t know who all of us are either.”
“How will we see them coming?” asked Xavier, concerned.
“They create a mess wherever they’re at.  Follow the chaos.”



Chapter 20

For the next few days, Selena walked a high tightrope, scared she’d fall off at any minute.  And to make matters even more unnerving, everything appeared to be so normal.  Nothing out of the ordinary happened.  It seemed as if a disaster hid underneath mounds and mounds of ordinary routine.  
The only whirlwind taking place was in the It Club.  Selena helplessly watched with a pained heart as her former best friend became firmly a part of the mega-uglies.  She and Saul attached themselves to each other with obsessive rigor, trying to become the It couple even though it was obvious that Cherise and Sebastian were the most popular pairing in school.  Moonflower and Saul color-coordinated their wardrobes, made sure they were seen in the right places, and didn’t talk to anyone they felt was below them but Cherise and Sebastian didn’t need to try as hard or even try at all to be popular.  All they had to do was to sit or walk next to each other for tongues to wag.  
While Selena was grateful that Cherise seemed to be out of her and Xavier’s hair, she couldn’t help worrying about the changing dynamics of the It Club.  The growing presence of the mega-uglies expanded in leaps and bounds as more and more students joined them.  They were like some uppity sororities or fraternities only recruiting certain types and lording it over the rest.
Before going to bed one night, Selena’s mind fluttered with chaotic thoughts.  They crashed in her brain as she tried to figure out what laid underneath what was happening in school.
I’m sure the mega-uglies are being influenced by the greedy gifted.  
I’m sure!

“Son, you’ve got to be careful,” Clara said, hugging Xavier as if afraid to let him go.  
“You know about the Key of Hearts business?” he asked.
“I saw you with the key.  I was on the other side of the Tree of Birth.”
“We didn’t see you, Clara,” informed Selena, standing next to them.
“I was in shock.  Why did the key have to choose you?”
“That’s what my grandmother said.”
“She’s right.  I know you two are special, but you just don’t have the mature abilities yet.”
“I know,” blurted Xavier.  “What if something happens to Selena?  Can’t we talk to someone about this, maybe keeping her out of it.  I’ll find the key by myself.”
Selena vehemently shook her head.  “No, Xavier—“
“Yes, Selena.  I’ll do this by myself.”
“You can’t,” informed Clara.  “The key chose the both of you, so you two have to do it.  You need each other to find it and get it in the Tree of Birth.”
“But, Mom, I really don’t want to put Selena in danger.”
“What about you being in danger, Xavier?” Selena blurted.
“I don’t matter.”
“That’s a stupid thing to say,” growled Selena.
“I’ll have to agree with Selena,” chided Clara.  “Don’t ever say you don’t matter, my son.”
“But—“
Clara cut him off.  “There’s no use arguing about who needs to find the key.  Both of you have to do it together.  That's the way it has to be.”



Chapter 21

As the days passed by, Selena grew more and more concerned.  She seemed to be in deep thought all the time, eyeballing everything she could around her and trying to dissect every situation.  No nuance was too small for her to attempt to capture.  Xavier, however, remained tranquil, as if a charge of such monumental proportions hadn’t been thrust on them.  His dark eyes showed much more serenity than when she had first met him, and his presence pulled her to him with a tight embrace instead of an intense, jagged one.  
“What’s wrong, Selena?” he asked as they sat on the bench outside of her house.
“How can you be so calm, Xavier?”
“What?”
“We don’t know who the greedy gifted are, and where are the clues?  Why haven’t they come to us?”
“That’s why I’m calm.”
“What do you mean?”
“Maybe this thing with the key choosing us was a mistake.  Your grandmother and my mother both said that we aren’t far along with our abilities to take care of the key.”
“Xavier, don’t you want to find it?”
His eyes fell on Selena for a few seconds as they grew darker in their pensiveness.  “Would it be so bad if we didn’t find it?” he asked quietly.
“What are you saying?” Selena questioned, baffled.
“Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad for the other side to find it.”
“How can you say that?” Selena asked, agitated.
He quietly stared at the floor while she was left trying to figure out why he would say such a thing.  It didn’t take long for the answer.
“Do you hate your gift that much?” Selena asked, tenderly putting her hand on his shoulder.  “That you would be okay with it being stolen?”
“I’ve always wished that it would disappear,” he uttered.
“Xavier,” Selena said, trying hard not to explode with frustration, “what will happen if so much power gets into the wrong hands?”
“I’m more worried about you.”
“Me?”
“What if something happens to you?”
“Not that again,” Selena grumbled.  “I can take care of myself.”
Xavier took in a deep breath.  “I worry that I love you so much that you're going to disappear just like all the people I’ve ever loved in my life have done."
Touched deeply and struck speechless, Selena gently caressed his face.  "I know you've been through a lot, Xavier, but I'm not going anywhere,” she quietly but firmly said, finally getting her voice back.
"Promise?"
"Yes, promise."
His ardent kiss pulled Selena into him and she struggled to not breathe his light musk scent or her mind would go completely blank, and they had important business to attend to.  After disengaging, she tried to get her thoughts in order.  
He let out a deep never-ending breath.  “I can relax now.”
“Well actually, we can’t relax.”
“What?” he asked, puzzled.
“We can’t relax.  We’ve got to find the Key of Hearts,” Selena stated.  “Or have you forgotten?”
“But there aren’t any clues,” he assured.  “Maybe we’re not meant to find it.”
“We are, Xavier.  We’ve got to find it.  We can’t let it fall into the wrong hands.  Don’t you see?”
“But—“
“Xavier, please understand.”
He stared solemnly at his hands with shame.  “You’re right, I know,” he said quietly.
“So stop wishing for your abilities to disappear.  Maybe that’s why the clues haven’t come.”
“Okay, I’ll try.”
“And besides, without both our gifts, you wouldn’t be able to see your mother.”
His fluid eyes abruptly shifted to hers.  “I hadn’t thought of that,” he rushed, his face with the fullness of the new realization.
“Xavier, you think about it the next time you make your next wish.”



Chapter 22

After a few snail-paced days passed and still no clues, Selena decided to call the one person who could give her some answers.  Xavier sat next to her on the porch to her house as she dialed the number.  His dark eyes laid on Selena and the phone with reluctant acceptance.  
“Grandmother Chela, I’m worried that we haven’t seen anything linked to The Key of Hearts.”
“I think it has something to do with Xavier,” she explained lightly.
“It has something to do with me?”
“Yes,” Grandmother Chela answered simply.
“What do you mean, Dona Chela.”
“Your heart isn’t in this,” Selena explained, exasperation in her voice.
“That can’t be it,” blurted Xavier.
“My granddaughter is right.  You need to get yourself straight.  It’s a matter of life and death.”

While checking her e-mail, Selena received a troubling message.  She quickly printed it out and showed it to Xavier.  He looked at it with suspicion.

Selena,
As you know I’ve been away to a cheerleading competition with Cherise.  I’ve got something very important to tell you about her, but I need to talk to you in person.  Meet me tomorrow at the theatre during lunch break.

Your friend,
Cora
P.S. bring Xavier.
“What could Cora want to tell us about Cherise?” Xavier asked.
“I don’t know,” Selena said with apprehension but they would have to wait for the answer.  
Finally at lunch, Selena and Xavier anxiously reached the theatre.  Because it was built only a few years ago, Ms. Bermudez, the Theatre teacher, had had a say in how it was made and she preferred old fashioned proscenium arch theatres with audiences facing the front to new experimental ones where audiences sat around the stage.  She had even had a cat walk installed above the theatre where lights could be manipulated by a person walking through the pathway.
Selena quickly looked around to find no one there.  If truth be told, the theatre seemed a little spooky to her.  Subtle lighting partially lit the stage but the rest of the room was in the dark.  Selena and Xavier went towards the stage, and he grew impatient next to her.
“Let’s go.  I’m getting a bad feeling about this,” he stated.
The double-doors opened, startling both Selena and Xavier.  Instead of Cora stepping in, Sebastian looked at them with an uneasy expression as he sauntered in..
“What are you doing here?” he asked, puzzled.
Xavier’s dark eyes narrowed.  “We’re waiting for someone.”
“Who?”
“That’s none of your business,” stated Xavier.  “What are you doing here?”
Sebastian rolled his eyes and let out a snort.  “I’m in drama, remember?”
“But it’s lunch time,” blurted Selena.
“I like studying my lines in here.”
“Really?” Xavier asked with sarcasm and suspicion.
“What are all of you doing in here?” asked an annoyed Ms. Bermudez who had just walked in from back stage unnoticed since they were too busy concentrating on each other.
A harsh noise resounded through the theatre.  Clang!  Clang!  Metal was breaking!!!  When everyone in the theatre looked up to the direction of noise, part of the catwalk had broken off and was falling fast.  Very fast!  



Chapter 23

Xavier threw himself on Selena, covering her with his body.  But instead of hitting them, the portion of the catwalk stayed suspended in the air a few inches above them.
“Move away!” yelled Ms. Bermudez.
Selena and Xavier scurried away just before the metal finished falling.  Suddenly, it brought down the whole catwalk section, landing on top of Sebastian.
“Sebastian!” Ms. Bermudez screamed as she, Selena and Xavier rushed to him.
Sebastian lay crumpled to the ground.  Most of the catwalk had missed him, but the part that had hit him had knocked him out.  A wound on the right side of his head bled steadily as he groaned in pain.  
“It hit me,” he announced in delirium.  “Why did it hit me?”
“It was an accident, Sebastian,” stated Ms. Bermudez, trying to be soothing.  “Calm down.”
Moments later, Selena and Xavier watched as Sebastian was attended to by paramedics and placed on a stretcher.  Before being taken to the ambulance outside, he called out for Xavier.  
“Yes?” asked Xavier with burning curiosity after having walked over to him.
“We should be on the same team,” he mumbled, his hand on his head.
“What?”
“We’re the same.”
Xavier stared at him with an astonished expression.
“Don’t mind him,” said a paramedic.  “He’s delirious.  He probably doesn’t know what he’s saying.

Shaky and with a desert dry mouth, Selena’s voice had disappeared, so she let Xavier explain to the principal what had happened.  His voice, not as completely self assured as it usually was, told Mr. Sanchez how they were at the theatre to meet with a friend when the catwalk fell.
“I don’t understand how it could’ve broken off,” Mr. Sanchez declared, upset.  “How?  This school was built only a few years ago.”
“Accidents happen,” Xavier mumbled.
“And you two shouldn’t have been in there at that time,” he stated sternly.  “Nor Sebastian.”
Selena nodded.  “We’re sorry,” Selena managed to get out.
“I’m not going to reprimand you because I think that with the catwalk almost falling on top of you, you received punishment enough, but don't let me catch you where you're not supposed to be again.”

Even though the principal had allowed them to go home early, Selena and Xavier decided to stay.  Both were without question completely off kilter and barely able to verbally communicate with one another.  Xavier’s fluid eyes went deep within themselves and Selena didn’t try to pull him out of where he was.  He fiercely held her hand as she just as intensely squeezed his.
Refusing to leave school, they looked around them to see if they could catch any clue as to what had just happened.  Xavier needed to feel out the people around them, and Selena wanted to speak to Cora Rivera.  She finally got her chance between class periods.  Cora vehemently denied ever writing the email.
“That’s not even my email address,” Cora declared, upset.  “I know that it looks like it could be mine with my name in it, but it’s not.”
“It’s not?” Selena muttered, more to herself than to Cora.
“Who played this trick on you and why are they using me to do it?” Cora questioned furiously.  
“I don’t know.”
“This stinks!” Cora blurted out, full of overwhelming emotion.  “You almost got killed in that freak accident because someone played a joke on you, and you were in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
Selena put her hand on Cora’s shoulder.  “Don’t get so upset, Cora.”
“The Its are the ones doing this.  I just know it.”
“Maybe.”
Tears abruptly rushed out of Cora’s eyes.  “What’s happening to our school, Selena.  Things have changed so much.  The Its are taking over.”
“I know,” Selena mumbled quietly.
“My boyfriend broke up with me.  Did you know that?”
“I didn’t know.  I’m sorry.”
“I wouldn’t join the Its, so he chose them over me.”
“I’m so sorry, Cora.”
“What’s happening to our school?”

When Selena had told Xavier about the conversation with Cora while enjoying lemonade on her porch after school, he let out an exasperated breath.  His dark eyes, deeper than usual, raked over Selena with concern and frustration.  She could hear his jagged, uneven breathing next to her.  Even though they were much less shaken than earlier, and most of their composure was back, the sharp edges of uncertainty and macabre eeriness still jabbed at them.
“The greedy gifted are out to get us, Selena,” he said gently.
“I know,” she answered as quietly as him.
“That email came from them.”
“I know.”
“That falling catwalk wasn’t an accident.”
“I know,” she repeated, more quietly than before.
“My first instinct failed me when the catwalk started to break off,” he said with emotion in his voice.
“What do you mean?”
His dark eyes went into a faraway space.  “I should’ve used my abilities to stop that thing from falling, but I froze just like in my mother’s accident.”
“Xavier,” Selena said gently, touching every letter of his name with an embrace, “you threw yourself on top of me to protect me.  You didn’t exactly freeze.”
“But I could’ve stopped it!”
“Stop punishing yourself.  The important thing is that the catwalk didn’t hit us.”
“I would’ve never forgiven myself if it had hurt you.”
“Well, it didn’t.”
“In trying to get us, it fell on Sebastian instead.  Thankfully, it didn't seriously hurt him.”
“Do you think he's a greedy gifted?”
“There’s something very twisted and confusing about this whole situation.  It’s hard to make heads or tails out of it.”
“For sure, he has something to do with them, and he’s trying t recruit us,” Xavier retorted.  “As if I would ever join that team.”
Selena’s face hardened in a knot.  “That It Club is becoming more and more powerful.”
“Yes, and I’ve got to do something about it.”
“Do something about it?” she asked.
“I can’t be on the sidelines anymore.  I’ve got to learn to use my abilities better.”
“You do?”
“Yes.”
“Xavier—“
“Selena, I’m not letting something like this happen again.  I’m going to work on myself and work on my abilities.”
 “For you to work on your abilities means that you have to accept them, right?” she asked gently.
His dark eyes raked over her with warmth and fierce determination.  “If that's what it takes to protect us from getting hurt at the hands of the greedy gifted then yes, I accept who I am."



Chapter 24

“You wouldn’t believe who just called,” Mr. Spinoza said, stepping into the living room where his wife and daughter were watching T.V.
“Who?” asked Mrs. Spinoza.
“Socorro.”
“Socorro—your cousin?” asked an incredulous Mrs. Spinoza.
“She said she just felt like calling me to see how we were doing.”
“But, Artemio, we haven’t heard from her in years.”
“She said she missed the family and wanted to see what we were up to.”
Selena shook her head.  Of all her kin, Socorro was the one she liked the least.  Socorro always bragged about her children and how well off they were and how no one in the family could compare to them.
“Did she really want to know about us?” Mrs. Spinoza asked dryly.
Mr. Spinoza chuckled darkly.  “Not really.  She hardly listened, but then she went on and on about how much money her kids made.”
“That’s what I thought,” grumbled Mrs. Spinoza.
“It’s strange that she called after all these years,” stated Mr. Spinoza.
“Yes, strange,” agreed Mrs. Spinoza.
Selena nodded in pensive thought.  The phone blared loudly and cut through her mental gymnastics.  Mrs. Spinoza answered and quickly turned over the receiver to Selena.
“Hello,” answered Selena.
“Hi, Selena,” Cora greeted back.
“What’s going on?”
“I’m doing my Spanish homework and I need your help.”
“Go ahead,” said Selena.
“How do you say help in Spanish?”
“There are different ways to say it.  You can say auxilio for one.”
“What’s another way in case Ms. Valderrama asks me?”
“Socorro,” Selena said.
“But isn’t socorro a person’s name?”
“Yes, but it also means help.”
When Selena hung up, the word socorro kept turning somersaults in her head so much that when the phone rang again, she didn’t hear it.  She was surprised when her mom handed her the receiver again.
“Hello,” Selena greeted.
“Hi,” Xavier returned, his voice rich and smooth as chocolate.
“Anything wrong?” asked Selena, worried about the greedy gifted getting closer and closer.  Even though Sebastian was in the hospital, there was no telling what else surrounded Xavier.  
“Nothing’s wrong.  I just wanted to hear your voice.”
Selena chuckled lightly.  “You must’ve read my mind because I was hoping to hear from you.”
“We’re on the same page,” Xavier said, chuckling lightly.
“Exact same one.”
“Selena,” he said with seriousness bubbling in his tone.
“Yes?”
“I’m so glad to be talking to you,” he rushed.
“You’re not still feeling guilty about what happened at the theatre, are you?”
“I’ve been working on my abilities, Selena,” he blurted with enormous feeling.  “I’ve been practicing moving heavy things at a much faster speed than I did before.”
“I’m so happy that you’re doing this.”
“Uncle Paul wants me to go out of town with him this weekend, but I think I should stay to practice and to be with you.”
“Why does your uncle want to go out of town?”
“It’s a business trip.”
“Where to?” Selena asked.
“Not too far—only a few hours away to Socorro, New Mexico.”
“Your uncle wants you to go with him to Socorro?” Selena asked, surprised.
“Yeah, but I’m not going.”  
“Xavier, I think you should go,” Selena rushed, excited.
“Why?” he asked.
“Clues.”
“Clues?”
“I’ve been hearing the word socorro all day.  It looks like the clues are finally coming.”
“They are?”
“You’re accepting who you are so the clues are reaching us.”
“I hope so.  I really want to get the key to where it needs to go.”
“You should go to Socorro and see where it leads you.”
“You really think so?”
“Yes.”
“But—“
“But what?” Selena asked.
“I don’t want to be away from you,” he explained, concern dripping from his voice.
“You don’t want to be away from me?”
“What if something happens to you while I’m with Uncle Paul?”
Selena frowned deeply into the phone.  “Xavier, you can’t protect me 24/7.”
“I can try.”
“I can take care of myself.”
“But—“
“You need to go to Socorro, Xavier.  We have to follow the clues.  That’s the only way out of this mess.”
“What if—“
“Nothing’s going to happen to me,” stated Selena.  “I’m more worried about what can happen to you.”
“I’ll be okay.”
“So will I and I’ll be very okay when we find the key.”
“I guess I’ll have to go to Socorro then,” he mumbled.



Chapter 25

With his trip to Socorro only a day away, Xavier wandered into the formal dining room deep in thought and oblivious to what was afoot.  As soon as he stepped in, Steve and Cherise greeted him with overstretched smiles.
“Mom and dad are eating out today,” stated Asher.
“I’ll eat in my room,” Xavier announced, starting to leave.
“No,” blurted Cherise.  “Stay with us.”
“Yes, stay, Xavier,” insisted Steve.  “We haven’t talked in a long time.”
“Couz, you don’t want to be rude, do you?” asked Chad.
“I just thought that you Its would want to talk without outsiders getting in the way.”
“You could be one of us if you wanted to,” Cherise declared.
“But I don’t want to,” proclaimed Xavier.
“You’re too busy hanging out with losers,” retorted Asher.
“Do you even know what a loser looks like?” snapped Xavier.
“Oh, I know what a zero looks like,” Asher snapped back.
“You do, Miss It girl?” Xavier returned with sarcasm.
“What’s wrong with being popular?  I really don’t—“
“Let’s all calm down,” Steve expressed.  “Asher, please let’s not get into any fights.”
“But Steve—“
“Let’s have a nice dinner.  Xavier, I heard about what happened in the theatre.  Are you and Selena okay?”
“We’re fine,”
“I’m so gad nothing happened to you, but Sebastian was hurt,” Steve commented, his face in concern.
“How is he?” Xavier asked Cherise, trying to keep his voice from sounding overly curious and sitting down at the table.  It had suddenly occurred to him that this might be a good opportunity to learn more about Sebastian.
“I don’t know,” rushed Cherise.
“What do you mean you don’t know?” asked Xavier, his eyebrows knit together.
“Why should I know what’s going on with him?” blurted Cherise.
“Aren’t you—“
“We’re just friends.”
Xavier eyed her with surprise.  He had seen them locking lips the day of the accident.  “Even just friends take care of each other, don’t they?”
Cherise cleared her throat.  “We’re not that good of friends.”
While there was no love lost between him and Sebastian, especially if his suspicions turned out to be true, Xavier still couldn’t help the disgust in his dark eyes.  How could she throw him away just like that when they had been inseparable?  What did it mean?  What did it say about Sebastian?  About Cherise?
“Sebastian’s still in the hospital,” stated Chad.
“You went to see him?” asked Xavier.
“Yeah, both Steve and I did.  He’s doing great, but he did get pretty banged up.”
“It’s a miracle that the catwalk hit him instead of you and Selena,” Steve commented.
“Thankfully it didn’t hit you, Xavier.  I’m so relieved that it got Sebastian instead of you,” Cherise gushed.  Xavier eyed her with disgust.
For the rest of dinner, Xavier ate the juicy brisket in stony silence.  If he didn’t leave to his room, it was because Steve politely included him in their conversations, and also, he wanted to catch any reference to Sebastian.  To his chagrin, Sebastian wasn’t mentioned at all.
After dinner, Cherise asked to speak to Xavier privately.  His first instinct was to turn her down flat but then he realized he couldn’t miss any opportunities to try to get any type of information about Sebastian.
“What do you need to talk to me about?” he asked when everyone else had left the dining room.
“I know that you think that Sebastian and I had something going but I want you to know that it was just casual.”
“Casual?”
“Yes.  He’s really not my type.”
“He’s not?” Xavier asked, trying to fish more about Sebastian.
“No, not at all my type,” she commented, grimacing.
“What’s wrong with the guy?” Xavier questioned bluntly.
“He’s weird,” Cherise blurted.
“What do you mean?”
“He just is.”
“People think that I’m weird,” stated Xavier.
“No, you’re different.  A good different.  He’s weird,” Cherise insisted.
“What’s the difference?”
Cherise dropped her voice seductively and stared into his dark eyes.  “You’re mysterious, interesting, and very, very good-looking.”
“Stop it, Cherise,” Xavier demanded, annoyed.
“I’m just telling the truth.”
“Sebastian—“
“I don’t want to talk about Sebastian anymore,” Cherise announced.  “Let’s talk about you and me.”
“There’s no you and me.”
“There could be.”
“No, there couldn’t,” informed Xavier.
“Why not?”
He let out an annoyed breath.  “You know why not.  I’m with Selena.”
“Xavier, Selena just isn’t good enough for you.  Can’t you see that?!” she declared, exasperated.
“I’m the one not good enough for her,” he stated angrily.  “It’s a miracle she’s with me.”
“You don’t really believe that, do you?”
Xavier’s fluid eyes wanted to shoot flames out.  “Why would I say it if I didn’t mean it?”
“Because you’re a nice guy.  You're so wonderful.”
“Stop it, Cherise,” he grumbled, standing up.  “You need to be getting back to your friends and I need to call my girlfriend.  Goodnight.”
“Wait, Xavier,” she cried as she stood in front of him.  “I need to show you something important.”
“What?” he asked impatiently.
“This,” she blurted as she abruptly swung her overbearing arms around him and threw her desperate lips on his.  He immediately pushed her aside, not allowing even a second to go by with her mouth on his.  Her fingers went to her lips, caressing them as she remembered his feel.
“Are you crazy?” he snapped.  “Why did you do that?”
“Xavier, I love you.”
“You can’t love me.  You don’t know me.”
“What do you mean I don’t know you?  Of course I do.”
“You think you do but—“
“You need to understand how much I love you.  I love you, I love you, I love you!”
“Stop it, Cherise.  This is totally crazy!”
"It’s not. My love for you is pure and beautiful.  We could be awesome together if you just let yourself love me.”
“I love Selena,” he declared ferociously.  “That’s the way it is.  Accept it.”
Cherise’s face contorted furiously.  “No, you don’t love that fat pig.  You can’t.”
Xavier’s dark eyes burned fire.  “What did you call Selena?” he snapped.
“I . . . I . . .”
“If you were a guy, I would’ve hit you!”
“I didn’t mean to—“
“Selena is much prettier and a much better person than you, okay?”
Cherise’s face completely crumbled, and her eyes grew shiny.  “You don’t mean that.  You—“
“I don’t say things I don’t mean!  Don’t ever call Selena names, is that clear?”
Cherise trembled at his sharp words.  “I’m sorry.”
“This conversation is over.”
“But—“
“Cherise, I’ve been calling you,” stated Asher, having stepped into the dining room from outside where she, Chad, and Steve were by the swimming pool.  “What’s wrong with your cell?”
“You’ve been calling me?” Cherise asked, pulling her cell phone out of her purse.
“Yes, I didn’t want to interrupt you and Xavier, but me and the boys want to catch a movie and we wanted to see if both of you wanted to come with us.”
“This is strange,” she said, examining her phone.  “It’s not working.  It’s really hot, and there’s smoke coming out.”
“Something must’ve shorted it out,” stated Asher.
“I guess so.”
“Bye,” Xavier mumbled as he started stepping away.
“Don’t you want to come with us?” rushed Cherise.
“No.”
In his room, Xavier stared at his goldfish.  It always calmed him to watch them patiently swim in the tank.  He rigorously swiped the back of his hand over his lips as if trying to get rid of the disgusting kiss Cherise had forced on him.  If she only knew how much he detested her for having invaded his space.  Her closeness to him only served to let him see her ugliness in more detail,
Xavier regretted with a passion that he had spent his valuable time with the Its and hadn’t been able to spend time with Selena that Friday night.  The next evening he would be going to Socorro, so he wouldn’t see her until Sunday.  It seemed like an impossible amount of time even though he had been with her at school earlier.
When Selena had told him that her parents wanted a family night out that evening, he had been disappointed but he had understood.  Xavier stared at the phone, anxious to dial it and hear Selena’s voice.  He knew that the Spinozas were probably home by now since Mr. Spinoza had to work the next day.  But Xavier turned the receiver over in his hand, trying to decide whether to tell Selena about his own evening.  She tended to have jealous tendencies over Cherise which he couldn’t comprehend at all.  In his book, it was like the Sistine Chapel being envious of a mass produced picture.  
No, I can’t tell her about tonight, thought Xavier.  What for?  I didn’t find anything important out about Sebastian, and Cherise’s stupid declaration of love will only upset her.  He quickly dialed the phone and his lips formed their special smile when Selena answered on the first ring.
“Hello,” she said, her tone vivacious.
“Hey, beautiful.”
“I just knew it was you, Xavier,” Selena chirped happily.
“How was your family dinner?”
“Great but I missed you.”
“I missed you too.”
“How was your evening?” Selena asked.  
Xavier nervously cleared his throat.  “Okay.”
“Just okay?”
“You know I don’t like spending time with my family.”
Selena’s light chuckle went through the phone.  “Yes, I know.”
“I had to have dinner with them, and I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy.”
“Xavier, it couldn’t have been that bad.”
“It was and what's worse is that I can’t see you tomorrow either.”
“Yes, that really stinks.  You’ll be off to Socorro, and I’ll be here.”
“Maybe I should cancel it.”
“No, Xavier, you’ve got to go,” declared Selena.
“But—“
“You’ve got to,” she said with more firmness.
Xavier let a deep breath out.  “We’ve got to find the Key of Hearts.”
“Yes.”
“I really wish I didn’t have to go.”
“But you do.”
“Okay, I’ll go to Socorro,” he said with resignation.
“Please, please be careful.”
“I will.”
“Come back to me, okay?" she murmured.  "Come back to me in one piece.”



Chapter 26

As Selena sat in her living room watching TV with Zac, a solemn ache enveloped her.  She hadn’t realized how much she depended on being with Xavier during weekends.  Even though he was the opposite of a chatty type, in fact he was the opposite, his quiet presence could be felt strongly wherever he resided.  Selena kept thinking about those dark eyes of his that so few had an entry to.  Zac, however, seemed thrilled that he had her to himself for one night.  They were alone in the house since Selena’s parents had left to the supermarket and were watching Green Acres in the living room.  When a knock sounded on the door, even Zac stared at it with curiosity.
“Who could that be?” Selena asked him as she walked to the door where she peeked through the peep hole.  “I don’t believe it!” she exclaimed.
“Can we talk,” asked the visitor as soon as Selena opened the door.  “It’s very important.”
“Okay,” Selena answered, puzzled and shocked as she led the visitor inside.  “What do you need to talk to me about?”
“Xavier.”
Selena didn’t care for this scenario at all.  What does Cherise want to say about Xavier?  What does she want?  What is Cherise doing in this neighborhood and in my home?  As they sat on the overstuffed, powder-blue sofa, Selena saw Cherise’s eyes dart around the room.  With a scowl on her face, Cherise took in the homemade curtains, inexpensive furniture, and the dents here and there caused by the actual usage of things.
“I’ve never been in a trailer,” Cherise smirked.
“It’s not a trailer. It‘s a mobile home,” snapped Selena.  “What do you want to talk about?”
In hearing her angry voice, Zac, who Cherise hadn’t seen yet because he sat next to the blue recliner and had been hidden from her view, unsnapped his sight from Green Acres and rushed to Selena, grunting and squealing.  Cherise stared at him with abrupt shock and naked fear in her eyes.  Unable to move, she squeezed her sweaty hands together.
“Zac, quiet down, buddy,” Selena murmured.
“What’s that?” Cherise muttered, finally finding her words.
“Zac’s a pig.  Hadn’t you seen one before?”
“Not in a living room.  Shouldn’t he be at a zoo or something?”
Zac eyed her with fierce eyes, and she nervously sat further back on the sofa.
“He’s where he belongs,” Selena retorted.
“He doesn’t bite, does he?”
“Cherise, let’s cut the small talk,” Selena said with frustration.  “Why are you here?”
Cherise’s eyes nervously darted between Selena and Zac.  “I already told you.  I need to talk to you about Xavier.”
“What about Xavier?”
“There’s stuff you need to know.”
“What stuff?”
“He kissed me last night,” Cherise blurted matter-of-factly.
“What?”
“He kissed me.”
“Kissed you?” The words were like poison in Selena’s mouth.
“Yes.”
“That's a lie!"
“It’s true, Selena,” Cherise insisted.
Zac started squealing uncontrollably as Selena tried to decipher Cherise’s shocking words.
“Selena, if your stupid pig bites me, I’m going to sue you!” Cherise exclaimed, shaking and terrified.
“Zac, please quiet down,” mumbled Selena, trying to get her mind to stop whirling.
Zac stopped making noise but kept eyeballing Cherise with ferociousness.
Cherise tried ignoring Zac’s incensed stare.  “I was saying—“
“Let’s get something clear, Cherise,” snapped Selena, finally out of her stupor.  “You don’t come to my home and insult my pig.  He’s not stupid.”
“I—“
“And as for telling me you kissed Xavier—this is a new low even for you.  Are you that desperate to get him that you’d lie?”
“I’m not lying.  We kissed yesterday,” Cherise insisted.  “And it was a passionate kiss.”
“Why would you kiss Xavier if you’re with Sebastian?”
“I’m not with Sebastian,” declared Cherise.  “We’re only friends.”
“Friends?  C’mon, Cherise.  Everyone at school has seen you and him together—really together.”
Cherise cleared her throat.  “I already told you that we’re only friends.”
“I think it’s disgusting that you’d use a guy and throw him away just like that for another.”
“I didn’t—“
“And I don’t believe that Xavier would kiss you.”
“Well, he did.  Steve and me were having dinner at Asher’s house last night—just ask him.  Xavier wanted to talk to me alone after dinner and that’s when he kissed me.  He kept asking me about Sebastian—I guess he was jealous.”
“Really?” Selena asked sarcastically.
“Selena, don’t take my word for it.  Ask Steve or better yet, ask Xavier.  I doubt if he told you I had dinner with him last night, right?”
“He said he had dinner at home.”
“Yes, but I was there.  Did he tell you?”
“No,” Selena mumbled.
“He’ll probably lie to you about the kiss because he doesn’t want to tell you the truth.”
“The truth?”
“That he really wants to be with me.”
Selena shook her head furiously.  “If he really wants to be with you then why isn’t he?  I’m not going to hold on to someone who doesn’t want to be with me.”
“Well . . . I . . .”
“Why isn’t he with you, Cherise,” Selena pushed.
“He’s . . . He’s scared.”
“Scared?  Of what?”
“Of not being good enough for me.”
Selena rolled her eyes and let out a frustrated breath.  “This is getting more ridiculous by the minute.”
“Selena—“
“This conversation is over,” Selena stated, standing up.  “You need to leave.”
“You’re throwing me out?” Cherise asked incredulously.
“Yes.”
“But—“
Zac’s heavy, ear-piercing squeal resounded throughout the whole house as he rushed towards Cherise.  Springing up and bolting like a flash to the door, she shrieked unintelligible words all the way.  Hastily swinging the door open, she flew across it without even a good-bye.  
Selena stared after her, shaking her head.
“Good boy,” she told Zac who sat at the open doorway with a smirk on his face.



Chapter 27

Selena managed to work on her chores, finish her homework, and care for her animals while trying to keep thoughts away of Cherise.  It wasn’t easy.  Not easy at all.   Cherise had arrived at Selena’s home like a shark that was too close to shore.  Also, Selena couldn’t help worrying about Xavier.  Was he safe?  As she made herself a simple cheese quesadilla, the phone blared.
“Hello,” she answered.
“Selena, is it you?” questioned the male voice.
“Who is this?”
“Selena, this is Steve.”
“Steve?” she asked, surprised.
“Cherise said you needed to talk to me.”
“She did?” retorted Selena, not being able to help the sharpness in her voice.  
He let out an exasperated breath.  “You don’t need to talk to me?  Was she lying?”
“Steve, how did you get my number?”
“”Moonflower gave it to me,” he said quietly.  
Selena winced.  “Moonflower?”
“Yes, Moonflower.”
“How is she?”
“She’s fine,” informed Steve.
Selena decided to change the subject.  “Cherise shouldn’t have told you to call me.  
“I’m sorry if my phone call upsets you.  I shouldn’t have listened to Cherise.”
“As long as I’ve got you on the line . . .”
“What can I help you with?”
Selena hated herself for asking him the question, for falling into Cherise’s trap but she had to do it—just had to.  “Did you see Xavier last night at the Montgomery home?” she blurted.
“Yes, I saw him.  Why?”
“Are you telling me the truth or are you telling me what Cherise told you to tell me?”
“Selena,” he stated, “I don’t lie for anybody.”
“Were Xavier and Cherise . . . together?”
“Together?”
“You know, into each other?”
“Well, with Xavier it’s hard to tell.” 
“Did he kiss her?”
“No, not in front of us.”
“Were they alone together?”
“Yes,” Steve said with hesitation.  “And . . .”
“And what?” Selena asked impatiently.
“Cherise told us later that night that Xavier had kissed her, that he seemed to really want to be with her.”
“Later that night?”
“Yes, we were on our way to a 10 o’clock movie when she told Chad, Asher, and me about her thing with Xavier.”
“You went to the movies without Xavier?”  
“He didn’t go with us.”
“Yes, of course,” she blurted more to herself than to him.  “He called me at that time.”
At least he didn’t go with them.  Xavier has a lot of explaining to do when he gets back, thought Selena.  A lot!



Chapter 28

When Selena saw Xavier go through her gate, his strong, graceful form stepping into her solitaire world, she felt a fervent impulse to run to him and throw her arms around him.  She had to forcefully remind herself how upset she was with him and instead of reaching for him, she stepped out to her porch and waited with her arms crossed over her chest. 
“Selena,” he announced, his dark eyes with a shine.
“Xavier,” she returned, her voice devoid of warmth.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, concerned and about to put his arms around her but she put her hands up as if telling him to stop  “What’s wrong?” he repeated, his fluid eyes struggling to get inside of her.
“First things first.  How was Socorro?”
“No clues,” he said quietly, his liquid gaze firmly on her.
“No clues?”
“Selena, are you going to tell me what’s wrong?” he asked, a demanding tone to his voice.
“But the Key of Hearts—“  
“I really don’t care about that right now.  Tell me what’s wrong.”
“Selena’s arms crossed in front of her and her heavy eyes shot into Xavier.  “Okay, let’s talk . . . Who did you have dinner with Friday night?”
“Friday night?” he said, taking a big gulp.
“Don’t play games with me, Xavier.  Who ate at your house?”
“Xavier frowned deeply.  “How did you find out?”
“Your girlfriend came to speak to me.”
“My girlfriend?”
“Cherise.”
“Cherise came to your house?” he asked incredulously.
“Yes.”
“What’s wrong with her?!” he snapped.  “And you, don’t ever call her my girlfriend.  You’re my girlfriend.”
“I am?”
“Selena, that’s a stupid question and you know it.”
“It’s not so stupid when you consider that my boyfriend lied to me,” Selena retorted.
“I didn’t lie to you.”
“Yes, you did,” Selena insisted.
“No, I didn’t.”
"Yes.  You.  Did."
“I didn’t lie.  I just didn’t tell you that Cherise had eaten at the house.  I thought it would upset you.”
“And you also didn’t tell me that you were alone together,” Selena declared.
“The only reason we were alone was because she said she had something important to tell me.  I thought I’d be able to get information about Sebastian.”
“She doesn’t want Sebastian,” Selena grumbled.  “She wants you.”
“She’s a spoiled brat who doesn’t know what she wants.”
Selena put her hands on her hips.  “She may be what she is but she does know what she wants—you.”
“After all our talks about her,” Xavier said gently, his dark eyes sweeping over her face with familiarity that demanded her attention.  “Do you think that I want her?”
Selena met his penetrating gaze full of expectation and after a few seconds, she answered.  “No,” she uttered quietly.
Xavier rewarded her with a smile.  “That’s a big fat no!  I—“
“So the kiss was a lie?”
“The kiss?”
“She said you kissed her,” informed Selena.
“She said that I kissed her?!” Xavier snapped incredulously.
“Yes.”
“She’s the one who kissed me,” Xavier blurted, his face in disgust.
“She kissed you?”
“Selena, don’t get upset.  She tried to but I got her off of me right away.”
“You did?”
“Yes!  You’re the only one for me," Xavier stated firmly.  "You know that, don’t you?” he murmured.
“Am I?”
Xavier let out a prolonged breath.  “Selena, you know how I feel about you.  There’s no one else . . . and even if you weren’t around, I wouldn’t be with Cherise.”
Selena smiled.  “Yes, I know.  You didn’t even go to the movies with her afterward.”
“There’s no way I would go with her.”
“You called me instead.”
“If you knew all that, why did you put me through this?  Through an inquisition?” he asked, annoyed.
“You should’ve told me that she had dinner at your house.”
“For what?  The less we talk about that ugly, hideous person, the better.  Selena, we can’t be letting others come between us.”
Selena nodded subconsciously.  “Yes, there’s been a lot of that.”
“Come here,” he demanded, putting his strong hands around her waist and firmly pulling her towards him.  “I’ve been punished long enough.”
His light musk aroma clouded her fragile senses and his nearness melted whatever tight knots of anger were still left.  She sighed deeply as his inviting lips reached for her but as soon as they touched, a painful spark erupted, tearing them apart.
“Ow!” Selena cried, rubbing her mouth.  It had been excruciating.



Chapter 29

“How angry were you at me last night?” Xavier murmured, also rubbing his lips.
“I know, I know, this is all my fault.  I’m the one who disconnected us.”
“Yes, unfortunately.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I hope you learned your lesson, Selena," Xavier commented.  "We need to stay together.”
“Stay together both in mind and spirit.”
“And this too,” he said, reaching for her again.  This time no agonizing electricity exploded—only the distinct spark of their interconnection.  She sighed deeply again.  She and Xavier were where they were supposed to be.

Selena couldn’t understand why Xavier insisted on going to the barn.  After he had greeted Selena’s parents, he told her he had to see Zac.
“It’s very important,” he assured.
“Why?”
“It’s between Zac and me.”
“Okay,” Selena said, taking him to her pig.
“I know we started on the wrong foot,” Xavier told a pensive-looking Zac, “but we’re friends now.”
Zac gave a hardy oink of approval.
“And I want to thank you, bud.”
Zac eyed Xavier with curiosity.
“Selena told me you chased out a troublemaker.”
Zac squealed as if telling him how much he detested Cherise.
“She’s a rat,” continued Xavier.
“Hey, don’t insult rats like that,” stated Selena.
“Yes, you’re right.  What was I thinking?  Cherise is a two-headed, poisonous monster.  Thank you, Zac."
“I love you, Zac,” Selena told him.  “And not only because you got rid of Cherise for me.”
“I owe you, bud,” stated Xavier.  “I owe you big time.”

“Mom, I’ve missed you,” Xavier affirmed, hugging her.
“I’ve missed you too, Xavier.  We haven’t spoken in a while.  How was Socorro?”
“You know that Xavier went there?” asked Selena.
“I can’t see everything he’s doing but I can tune him in like an old, barely working radio."
“You can tune me in?” asked Xavier.
“I try to be with you as much as I can.”
“You do?” he questioned.
“Xavier, I’ve always been with you,” she said, reading his mind.  “Always.”
Xavier grinned his warmest smile.  “That’s good to know.”
“How was Socorro?  I only got bits and pieces of it.”
Xavier frowned.  “No clues.”
“None?”
“No.”
“Are you sure?” Clara asked anxiously.
“It was a very regular trip.  Nothing out of the ordinary happened.”
Clara frowned deeply.  “It doesn’t make sense.”
“I was so sure he’d get some clues in Socorro,” Selena declared.
“Nothing,” Xavier insisted.  “I got nothing at all.”



Chapter 30

The best thing about having gone to school on Monday for Selena was watching Cherise’s bright pink lacquered mouth fling open when she witnessed Selena and Xavier together and as attentive to each other as always.  Selena wouldn’t have missed it for all the expensive designer jewelry the It girls wore with such superiority.  Who could resist having front row tickets to Cherise’s down turned face, full of scorching fury, and naked longing for Xavier?  Selena almost felt sorry for her—almost.
Xavier, oblivious to Cherise as usual, closely scanned the cafeteria, trying to catch every specific detail.  “Have you seen Sebastian today, Selena?”
“I haven’t seen him at all.”
“He must still be in the hospital.”
“Worried about him?”
“Yes.”  And they both knew that they weren’t talking about being concerned just about his health.
“I’ve been thinking about Socorro,” Selena announced.
“You have?  Why?”
“Your mom was also surprised that you didn’t find clues there,” Selena stated.
“Yes, and . . .”
“Tell me about your trip.”
“You think I’m missing something?” asked Xavier, in deep thought.
“Maybe.  It’s worth a try.”
“Tell me about Socorro.”
“There’s not much to say,” assured Xavier.
“Tell me everything.”
Xavier grew more pensive.  “My uncle and I got there and then . . .”
“Then what?” Selena asked
“Nothing.”
“Nothing?”
“Uncle Paul finished his business—nothing out of the ordinary.”
“Xavier, think harder.  Did anything strange happen?”
“No, nothing except for . . . It’s silly.”
“What is?” Selena asked impatiently.
“Uncle Paul wanted a hamburger so we went to a fast food restaurant.  Some little kid started fussing.”
“Fussing?”
“Yes, he started carrying on until his brother gave him some car keys.  Then the little guy quieted down.”
“Anything else?”
“No, not really.”
“Xavier, think hard,” Selena stated.
“His brother was with a friend, and they started talking about their favorite things.”
“Favorite things?”
“The friend said his favorite food was watermelon.”
“Watermelon?”
“Yeah,” stated Xavier.  “He liked watermelon in everything, from candy to gum to fresh from his mother’s garden.”
Selena grew pensive.  “That’s a very hard clue.  It could mean anything.”
“That was a clue?”
“I think so.  First the baby brother cries for a key, and then they mention watermelon.”
“What do we do with those clues?”
Selena shrugged her shoulders.  “I don’t know,” she said, scanning the cafeteria.  
She couldn’t help focusing on the ugly table.  Cherise pushed the food on her tray without putting anything in her mouth.  Then Selena noticed what Asher was eating.
“Your cousin,” Selena said simply.
“My cousin?”  Xavier turned to look at Asher.  She had a glass container in front of her she had brought from home.  Sticking her fork into it, she pulled out red squares.  
“She’s eating pieces of watermelon,” Selena said excitedly.
“Do you think she’s got the Key of Hearts?” he asked anxiously.
“Maybe,” Selena expressed.  “Either that or she may be able to lead us to our next clue.”
“Selena,” he said quietly, “do you think Asher may be . . .”
“What are you trying to tell me?”
“Do you think Asher is in with the greedy gifted,” Xavier questioned, finally pulling the words out of himself.
“Maybe, but we can’t put all our eggs in one basket.”
“What do you mean?”
“I just remembered who lives for the watermelon season,” stated Selena, sounding worried.
“Who is that?”
“Moonflower.”
“Moonflower?” Xavier asked.
“Yes, she loves watermelon.”
“She does?”
 “Enough is enough.  I’m tired of ignoring each other.  I’m going to talk to her.”
“You are?”
“Maybe I can talk some sense into her.  She can’t like being in that vicious club.”
“Selena, don’t take this the wrong way but . . .”
“What do you want to tell me, Xavier?”
“She seems at home with them,” he said gently.  
“That’s where you’re wrong.”
“I am?”
“I know her better than she knows herself.  She’s very unhappy with the mega-uglies.”
“Are you sure about that?” he asked, doubtful.
“Positive.  She acts all confident, but she’s more insecure and miserable than ever.”
“How do you know all that?”
“I know my friend, and I can see it in her eyes.”
“But she looks like she loves the popularity,” Xavier stated.
“She’s confused.”
Xavier nodded.  “You know her better than I ever will.”
“I’ll go over her house tonight to talk to her and also try to search her room for the Key of Hearts.”
“Asher is going out with Steve tonight.  I’ll look through her stuff.”
“I hope we don’t get in trouble,” Selena sighed.
“You’ll be very careful, won’t you, Selena?” he asked, concern dripping in his voice.
“I’ll be very careful.  You will too, won’t you, Xavier?”
“Asher won’t know a thing.”

“What are you doing here?” asked a surprised Moonflower when she opened the door to find a fidgety Selena on the other side.
“We need to talk.”
“What about?”
“Our friendship.”
“Our friendship?”
"Yes."
Moonflower stared at Selena with a dumbfounded expression.
.



Chapter 31

“Moonflower, are you going to invite me in?” Selena asked quietly when Moonflower just stood at the door.
“Come in,” Moonflower mumbled, her voice catching on itself.  She lead Selena to her bedroom.  "So much has happened, hasn’t it?” she questioned as soon as she shut the door behind them.
"A lot," Selena declared, a lump forming in her throat.
Selena painfully looked at her friend up close.  Moonflower’s once healthy body had withered away into size zero madness.  Her once shiny with of tinge of rose skin a sickly yellow pallor and dark circles etched themselves under her eyes.  “I know a lot has hit us, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try to iron out our differences, Moonflower.  For goodness sake, we can’t throw away our friendship just like that.”
The bedroom door swung open and Moonflower’s look-alike little sister stepped in.  “Hi, Selena,” she said.  “I haven’t seen you here in a long time.”
“Hi, Emma.”
“Are you becoming friends again?”
“Emma, what do you want?” Moonflower asked impatiently.
“I need your help,” Emma stated.  
“With what?” Moonflower asked.
“I can’t get the DVD player to work.  I must’ve pushed a wrong button.”
“I’ll take a look at it later.  I’m visiting with Selena now.”
“Moonflower, go ahead and see about the player.”
“Emma can wait.”
“I’m supposed to do my homework with what’s on this DVD,” Emma cried, holding it up to Moonflower. 
“Okay,” mumbled Moonflower.  “But if we can’t make it work, then you’ll have to use the one in mom’s bedroom.”
“I’ll wait for you here,” Selena announced.
“I’ll be right back.”
What a break, thought Selena,  As soon as Moonflower and Emma stepped out of the room, Selena immediately started searching.  She hated doing it—infringing on her friend’s privacy but she felt she didn’t have a choice.  Finding the Key of Hearts was priority.  
Selena had eyeballed the room earlier when Moonflower wasn’t looking, trying to capture as much as she could with her sight.  Nothing seemed out of place or different.  Decorated in pastel pinks, Moonflower’s pretty bedroom didn’t show signs of anything as special as a mystical quartz key being in it.  Selena looked through jewelry boxes and drawers but found nothing.  She didn’t know if she was more relieved than upset at not finding it.  By the time Moonflower returned, Selena had looked as best as she could.
“Did you fix the DVD player?” asked Selena.
“Yes, but it took me a while to figure out which button Emma had pushed to mess it up.”
“Those things are so complicated.”
“Not as complicated as human beings though.  Vampires don't have anything over on us!”
“Yes, we can be complicated.”
“And messed up,” Moonflower blurted unhappily.  "If Edward had been smart he would've stayed away from the very human Bella."
Selena eyed her friend.  “Moonflower, I’ve been very worried about you.”
“You have?”
“What’s wrong, Moonflower?” Selena asked.  
“I’m fine,” Moonflower responded with a shaky voice.
“I don’t think so.”
“I’m fine,” Moonflower repeated with a stronger tone.
“Please tell me what’s wrong.”
“Moonflower’s guard immediately shot up.  “Nothing!  I’m skinny, I’m in the popular group, I’m dating a football player, I’m—“
“Are you really happy?” Selena asked quietly.
“Do you think you’re the only one who can be happy?” Moonflower questioned bitterly.
“No, of course not.  I—“
“I hear that Xavier kissed Cherise.  It was the kiss heard around the world,” Moonflower declared dramatically.
It was Selena’s turn to be defensive.  “That’s a lie.”
“How do you now it’s not true?  Were you there with them?”
“I trust Xavier,” Selena asserted.
“Maybe you should take a good look at Cherise before you say that.  The girl is a goddess.”
“Xavier doesn’t think so.”
“You sure about that?”
“Yes,” Selena replied firmly.
“I wouldn’t be so sure.”
“That’s why you’re you and I’m me,” Selena announced with steel in her voice.  Moonflower eyed her desolately.
“What if he leaves you for her?” Moonflower mumbled.
“He’s not Saul,” Selena snapped.
“He might’ve left me for Julia,” Moonflower erupted, “but he came back to me—just like Edward kept coming back to Bella even when he was trying to stay away from her.”
Selena had heard rumors circulating that Saul dated other girls behind Moonflower’s back and judging by the way he flirted and carried on with girls in sixth period, that gossip unfortunately seemed to be true.  She could’ve pushed this in her friend’s face but decided against it.  Being cruel was not in her make-up.  
“Xavier isn’t going to leave me for Cherise, Moonflower.”
“But—“
“And even if he wanted to, he’s welcomed to leave.”
“What?”
“I’m not going to hold on to a guy who doesn’t want to be with me.”
Moonflower’s eyes turned as round as marbles.  “You wouldn’t?” she asked in pensive thought.
“No way.”
“You wouldn’t hold on to him?  Don’t you love him?”
“I love him but not enough to humiliate myself for him.”
“You wouldn’t be humiliating yourself for him,” snapped Moonflower.  “You’d be proving how much you loved him.”
So she knew about Saul’s cheating, thought Selena.  “That doesn’t prove love,” Selena said delicately.  “Grandmother Chela says that love can only work if it’s a two-way street.  It can’t work with one partner being untrue to the other.”
“Your grandmother doesn’t know what she’s talking about,” Moonflower disputed.  “Haven’t you heard that love forgives everything?”
“How can someone stay with another who is messing the relationship up?”
“Selena, you don’t understand anything.”
“I don’t?”
“How could you understand?” Moonflower stated, rolling her eyes.  “You’ve got this perfect thing with Xavier.”
“It’s very far from perfect.”
“That’s what it seems like to the rest of us,” Moonflower sighed.
“It does?”
“Yes.”
“Moonflower, if you think it’s so perfect then why did you tell me that there was something between Xavier and Cherise?”
“Uh . . . I . . . You’re twisting my words,” Moonflower blurted with exasperation.
“Am I?” Selena questioned sardonically.
“Selena, maybe this get-together between us is not such a good idea.  We’ve changed so much since we were children.  We’re so different from each other.  I mean, I’m with the It Club, and you’re hanging out with whoever.”
“Whoever?”
“You’ve got your friends and I’ve got mine,” Moonflower announced, her voice with points of cold ice freezing it.  
Selena eyed her sadly but with some irritated spikes.  “You care a lot for your new friends?”
“Yes, they’re lots of fun, interesting, and popular.”
"They seem cruel and ugly to me."
Moonflower eyed Selena with round eyes.  "That's a nasty thing to say."
"It's the truth.  Some people are just too blind to see the lie they're in."
"Lie?"  Moonflower's eyes narrowed.
"Expensive clothes, snobby friends, and superior attitudes don't make a person better than others.  It's too bad that you were carried away by lies."
Moonflower's nostrils flared.  "Stop insulting me!  You have no right—"
"It was a mistake to come here.  I’m leaving,” Selena announced, as she stood up.  “Don’t walk me to the door.  I know my way.”
“Good luck with Cherise and Xavier,” Moonflower stated as Selena made it to the door.
"That was a low blow,” Selena stated with a groan as she stepped out the door.  "Really low."
"Selena, wait!" exclaimed Moonflower, rushing over to her, outside the door.  Selena stopped moving forward and turned to Moonflower with questioning eyes.  "If you're going to keep insulting Xavier and myself then—"
"I'm so sorry, Sel."  Moonflower blurted, her face pleading.
"You are?" asked an astonished Selena.
"Very, very sorry."  Her solemn eyes were tearful.  "I know I've been a big witch.  I should've apologized to you a long time ago.  I HATE THE IT CLUB!  I HATE that Saul is cheating on me.  I especially HATE that we aren't friends anymore!" she wailed, sobs in her throat.
"I hate it too," Selena murmured.  "I miss my BFF."
"Does that mean you forgive me?" she asked anxiously.  "I know you've put up with a lot from me, but please don't give up on me.  Please forgive me even when I don't deserve it."
Selena's arms went around Moonflower.  "Forgiven."

After Xavier had seen Asher and Steve leave, he quickly rushed to her bedroom when no one was looking.  It was lucky that the house was so large that he could be on one side of it and everybody on the other as was the case at that moment.  He prayed he wouldn’t get caught.  He was so private that he hated the thought of snooping in someone else’s space but finding the Key of Hearts was too important.   
Once inside Asher’s room, he scrunched his face in dislike as he stepped in.  His cousin’s room was like a showplace for the rich and famous.  Asher had decorated it from a photo display in a magazine of her favorite singer’s bedroom.  The place was all done in gold metallic with purple touches here and there.  Xavier frowned at Asher’s unoriginality.  
He quickly started looking because the sooner he started, the sooner he’d be able to finish and get out of there.  He searched through drawers of diamond jewelry and went through closets packed with designer wear.    
Nothing!
Xavier couldn’t find the Key of Hearts or a single thing that would seem to link to it.  Maybe I’m missing something, he said to himself.  He was about to start looking again when the door swung open.  Asher and Steve stepped in and stood dumbfounded when they found him there.  
After the initial shock, Xavier quickly thought of plan B.  
“What are you doing here?” asked Asher, glaring at him.
“I lost something,” he stated with confidence.
“What?” Asher snapped.  “What could’ve you lost in my room?”
Behind Asher and Steve, Xavier discretely made a green object roll in from his room.  It stopped at a corner.  “I lost a marble.”
“What?” Asher asked, puzzled.  
“There it is,” he said, stepping over to it and picking it up.
“You play marbles?” asked Steve.
“No, I’m not a five-year-old but—“
“Then what do you want a marble for?”  Asher asked suspiciously and with venom in her voice.
“It’s for my fish tank.”
Asher blew up.  “You barge into my room for a marble!  Don’t you have enough of them for you stupid fish tank?”
“I figured you’d be angry if you came back to your room to find a marble on the floor.  You know you don’t like anything out of place.  To avoid problems, I thought I’d get it out,” Xavier stated.  “How was I supposed to know you’d be back so fast, before I could grab it and get out?”
“I had to come back because I forgot my cell phone,” Asher said, between her teeth.  
Steve chuckled.  “You know your cousin—she can’t live without her cell.”
“Look, Xavier,” Asher said, smirking, “don’t you ever come into my room uninvited.”
“Okay.”
“Baby,” Steve said, “I think you’re making too much out of this.  He was only trying to get his marble back.”
“Steve, please stay out of this,” she stated.
“I was only trying to help,” Steve said, voice sounding hurt.  “I don’t like to see families fighting.”
“Xavier is the one not acting like family.  He’s carrying on with this repulsive pudgeball without thinking about how it makes his family look.”
Xavier was about to blow but Steve beat him to the punch.  “Don’t call Selena that.  It’s not nice.”
“You’d better never call Selena anything like that ever again!” demanded Xavier, stepping near her so that she knew he meant business.
“Why did you kiss Cherise and then go back to Selena?” questioned Asher.
“I didn’t kiss Cherise,” Xavier snapped.
“But she said—“
“She’s a liar.”
Asher shook her head with full force.  “I’ll never understand you.”
“Baby,” Steve said softly.  “He fell in love with Selena and not Cherise.  You have to accept it.”
“How can I accept what doesn’t make sense?” Asher asked, her voice trembling.
“I’d better get out of here before I can’t control myself,” Xavier blurted as he started to head for the door.
“Xavier, I just wanted to say I’m sorry about. . .” Steve stopped himself from continuing when he saw Asher looking at him with narrowed eyes. 
“Yes?” asked Xavier, stopping and turning to Steve.
“What are you apologizing to him for?” demanded Asher.
“Nothing . . . I’ll talk to you later, Xavier.” 
After a few minutes, Xavier heard Asher lock her room before stepping out with Steve again.  Xavier shook his head.  If she only knew that that no locks would keep me out of her room if I wanted to go in again.  But Chad was now in his bedroom next to Asher’s and Xavier didn’t want to risk getting caught again.  Still, he had looked enough and was positive that the key wasn’t in her room.



Chapter 32

“Did you find anything?” Selena asked as soon as Xavier had arrived at her house and they sat on the porch.
“No,” he said.  “How about you?”
“Nothing.”
“How was your talk with Moonflower?” he asked gently, his dark eyes sweeping over her.
Selena grinned.  “We're friends again.”
Xavier smiled his sparkler.  “Great.”
“At least one good thing has come out of our search for the Key of Hearts,” Selena sighed. 
“I'm beginning to think that finding it will be impossible,” he declared, annoyed.
“We’re missing something.  I just know it.”
“What can it be?”
“I just don’t know,” she said, shaking her head with frustration.  
“This is bad.  Very bad.  We don’t know where the key is or who is trying to get it.  Do you think they already have it?”
“If they had it, they would’ve already used it and there’s been no shift of energy, right?”
Xavier nodded.  “You’re right, Selena.  There has been no shift in the energy.  I would’ve felt it.”
“So you haven’t felt a difference in your abilities?”
“No.”
“Then they probably haven’t found the key,” she affirmed.
“Right.”
Selena sighed pensively.  “Let’s retrace our steps.”
“Okay.”
“Think back to Socorro.”
“I doubt if we can squeeze out anything else from there.”
“You said those two guys were talking about their favorite things.  Did they talk about anything else other than watermelons?”  
“They also talked about their favorite actresses,” informed Xavier.  “The brother said he loved Salma Hayek.”
“Salma Hayek?”
“Yes, and the other guy said he had just seen an actress on T.V. who looked exactly like Salma Hayek.”
“Really?”
“See, I told you it was nothing.”
“It’s not nothing, Xavier,” Selena said pensively.
“That was a clue?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Salma Hayek has something to do with the Key of Hearts?”
“No, not Salma Hayek.”
“Then who?” he asked curiously.
“If I’m reading the clues right, it’s my mother.”
“Your mother?”
“She looks a lot like Salma Hayek.”
“Yes, I know.”
Selena stood up.  “Let’s go talk to her.”
“You really think she knows something about the Key of Hearts?”
“It’s worth a try.”
As Selena and Xavier stepped into the house, Mrs. Spinoza smiled from the recliner.  She and Zac watched Green Acres intently.
“Mom,” Selena said.
“Yes?” Mrs. Spinoza answered, barely able to tear her sight from the screen as she ate a slice of watermelon.  Selena stared at it with puzzling curiosity.
“How’s your day going?” Selena asked.
“Fine.  Is there something wrong?”
“No, why?”
“You and Xavier look very serious.  I tried to go out to the porch a few minutes ago but you two looked like you were having a heavy talk.”
“We’re fine, Mom.”
“Yes, fine, Mrs. Spinoza.”
“Why did you go to the porch?  What did you need to talk to us about?” Selena asked, trying to mask the intense curiosity in her voice.
“I went to my garden and picked a watermelon for us to eat.”
“I’d love some watermelon,” Selena stated.
“Me too,” Xavier agreed.
“It’s on the counter,” Mrs. Spinoza informed them.  “It’s delicious even though . . . the strangest thing . . .”
“What strangest thing?” Selena asked anxiously.
“There’s not much of a heart.”
“Heart?” asked Xavier.
“The middle of the watermelon,” explained Mrs. Spinoza.
“It’s the best part because it’s the sweetest,” Selena expressed.  “Why was there not much of it?”
“It’s the strangest thing.”
“What is?” asked Selena impatiently.
“In the middle of the watermelon was a small cactus.”
“A cactus?” Xavier asked.
“I’ve never seen anything like it.  How can a cactus grow inside a watermelon?”
“Yes, that’s strange,” Selena answered pensively.  The sound of her father’s truck broke the concentration in the room.  Mrs. Spinoza’s lips turned up in a smile.
“Your dad’s back from work,” she told Selena.
“Yes, and we’ve got to borrow his truck,” rushed Selena.
“We do?” asked a puzzled Xavier.
“Yes.”
“I thought you were going to have some watermelon?”
“Mom, there’s no time for that.  Xavier and I have something very important to do.”
"Very important?"
"Yes."
Even before Mr. Spinoza  climbed off his truck, Selena told him she needed to borrow the vehicle.  It was an emergency and even when he looked at her and Xavier strangely, he still handed her his keys.  As they headed for Trans Mountain Road, Selena tried to concentrate on her driving with all the excitement in her head.
 “Where are we going?” questioned Xavier, still fully puzzled and baffled from their quick departure from Selena’s home.
“We’ve going to your Uncle Paul’s home.”
“We are?”
“Yes.”
“Why?” asked Xavier, more confused than ever.
“I think that the Key of Hearts is there.”
Xavier eyebrows shot up.  “At my uncle's house?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know?”
“The cactus in the watermelon.”
“What does the cactus have to do with anything?”
“The cactus grew in the middle of the watermelon.  In your Aunt Lucretia’s garden a Saguaro cactus grows in the middle of her watermelon garden.”
“That’s true,” Xavier asserted, surprised with the realization.  “The Key of Hearts has to be in the watermelon patch.”
“There’s only one way to find out.”
Arriving at their destination, Selena and Xavier took in quick, deep pockets of air before ringing the bell.  She fidgeted nervously while Xavier’s dark eyes raked over her with concern.  His hand went to hers, sending needles of electricity through her soft skin.
“What if it’s not here, Xavier?” she asked quietly.
“Then we keep trying.”
“But-“
“We can only do what we can do, Selena.”
“I guess you’re right.”
When Lucretia opened the door, her face couldn’t have looked more surprised.  Her faded blue jeans and turquoise blouse announced her casual day.  She immediately took them in a huge hug and ushered them into the house.
“What a pleasant surprise,” Lucretia gushed.
“We thought we’d visit,” Xavier said.  “I hope it’s not a bad time for you.”
“Your uncle isn’t here.  He had some business to attend to.”
“That’s okay.  We’ll visit with you, Aunt Lucretia.”
“Great!  I’m so thrilled that the both of you are here.  Give me a second and I’ll get off the phone with Paul’s accountant in New York.”
“You’re on a business call?” asked Xavier.
“Yes, but I can finish it later.”
“No,” Selena and Xavier said in unison.
“But—“
“No, Aunt Lucretia.  You should go ahead and finish with it.”
“I can’t ignore you for a silly business call.  It wouldn’t be right.”
“What wouldn’t be right is us messing up your routine because we showed up out of the blue,” asserted Xavier.
“Don’t make us feel worse than we already do,” Selena declared.  “Please finish with your call.  We’ll be fine by ourselves in your beautiful home.”
“But—“
“This is the way it has to be or we’ll have to leave,” stated Xavier.
“Oh, all right.  I still don’t like it but if you two are set on me finishing my phone call, then I will.  I won’t be long.  Make yourselves comfortable—there’s plenty to eat and drink in the fridge.”
“We’ll be outside if you don’t mind," Selena said.  "It’s so beautiful out there.”
“Make yourselves at home.”
As Lucretia went to her study, Selena and Xavier rushed to the watermelon garden.  They didn’t know how much time they had before Lucretia did the last of the accounting.  They feverishly started looking around the lemon-green, tall Saguaro cactus, being careful of not getting too near all the jutting, sharp pricks on it.  When they couldn’t find anything, they searched through the watermelon patch, looking thoroughly at and between the dark green fruit.
“It’s just not here,” Selena sighed, frustration and disappointment in her voice.
“We’ll find it, Selena.  We will.”
“What are you two looking for?” Lucretia asked.  Selena and Xavier had been so focused in what they were doing that they hadn’t seen her come out.
“Nothing,” blurted Xavier, caught by surprise.
“Nothing?”
“We were just looking at the watermelons,” Xavier explained quickly.
“Why?”
“Your garden is so beautiful,” Selena expressed, trying to make her voice sincere.  “And watermelons are so interesting—some bigger, some smaller, and with different shades of green.”
“Yes, it’s very interesting,” Xavier chimed in.
Lucretia looked at them suspiciously.  “I made lemonade earlier.  Would you like some?”
“Sure,” Xavier asserted.
“We’d love some,” Selena reiterated.
“I’ll get it.”
“We’ll help you,” Xavier offered.
“No, stay here and enjoy the view of the watermelons.  I’ll be back.”
As soon as she stepped into the house, Xavier turned to Selena.  “I should’ve thought of something better, but she caught me by surprise.”
Selena giggled lightly.  “I don’t know a lot of people who go watermelon watching in their spare time.”
Xavier let out a deep chuckle.  “Yeah, that’s kind of silly.”
“At least you didn’t freeze like I did.  My mind went blank.”
“This thing with finding the Key of Hearts is much harder than I thought it would be,” he said, his dark eyes intently on her.
“You aren’t kidding about that.”
Lucretia stepped out with a loaded tray and Xavier rushed to her to help her with it.  At the patio table, Lucretia poured them lemonade and served snacks of organic blue corn tortilla chips, salsa, and bean dip. 
“If you would’ve told me you were coming, I would’ve made something better than this,” Lucretia stated, slightly chiding.
“This is wonderful, Aunt Lucretia.  You shouldn’t have gone to so much trouble,” assured Xavier.
“We really don’t want to be bothers,” Selena stated.
“You can never be bothers so get that out of your heads.  I just like being the doting aunt.”
“We love you too, Aunt Lucretia,” informed Xavier.
“Good, because you’re stuck with me.”
“And you’re stuck with us,” Selena declared.
“We’re all stuck with each other,” laughed Lucretia.  “It doesn’t get any better than this.”
As they pleasantly chatted about school and Lucretia’s love for the Southwest, time passed fast.  Soon Selena and Xavier informed Lucretia that they’d have to leave but firmly promised they’d visit again soon.  As they helped Lucretia get the tray back in the house along with a watermelon she insisted on picking, they thanked her for a great visit.
“You’re very welcome,” she expressed as they arrived at the kitchen.  “If you love watermelon so much then you can’t leave without having some.”
“Aunt Lucretia, you don’t have to slice open a watermelon for us.  You’ve already fed us enough,” Xavier assured.
“No, I haven’t.  Wait till you taste how out-of-this-world flavorful this batch came out.  They’re the sweetest and best I’ve ever had!”
“They are?” Selena asked suspiciously as she stared at the dark green fruit.
“I guarantee you’ve never tasted anything like them.”
“Really?” asked Selena, knitting her eyebrows together and Xavier’s fluid eyes anchored themselves on her.
“Guaranteed,” Lucretia stated as she expertly sliced the plump watermelon.  Xavier and Selena stood very near, unable to breathe until Lucretia finished.  
As Lucretia happily handed the bright red slices to them, a disappointed gasp escaped from Selena’s pursed lips.
“What’s wrong, Selena?” asked Lucretia with concern.
“I’m sorry.  I keep thinking about something I lost.”
“Something you lost?”
“Yes, and I’m worried I’ll never get it back.”
“You lost it in the watermelon patch?  Is that what you were looking for?”
“Yes, that’s it.”
“So you weren’t really admiring the garden?”
“We didn’t want to bother you, so we didn’t tell you,” blurted Xavier.
“Maybe if you tell me what you lost, I can look for it.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Selena rushed.
“But if it’s that important—“
“I might’ve not lost it here,” assured Selena.  “Maybe I lost it somewhere else.”
Lucretia kneeled down to the bottom of one of her kitchen cabinets and pulled out a folded shimmering purple-pink scarf.
“I think I know what you were looking for,” she stated.
“You do?” uttered Xavier.
"Yes," Lucretia insisted.
"I didn't lose a scarf," commented Selena.
"I know.  The scarf is mine.  Check out what's inside."
She carefully opened the scarf.  Selena gasped loudly while Xavier took in a deep breath.  There it was, in all its magnificence, the Key of Hearts.  



Chapter 33

Just like in Selena’s and Xavier’s dream, the translucent, rainbow colored piece radiated beauty and eclectic energy.  Next to Lucretia, Xavier and Selena stood speechless and without movement.
“Is this what you were looking for?” Lucretia asked as if she already knew the answer.
“Yes,” Selena responded simply.
“Can you tell me what this strange key of yours was doing in my watermelon patch, stuck to my Saguaro as if it grew out of it?”
“We can’t tell you,” Xavier stated.
“Can’t or won’t?” asked Lucretia.
“I’m sorry,” Selena expressed.  “We can’t tell you because it’s a secret Xavier and I are bound to.”
“Bound to?”
“Yes,” Xavier answered.  
“And it’s very important that you and Selena get this key?” asked Lucretia.
“Yes, very important,” Xavier assured.
“Very, very important,” Selena affirmed.
“Take it then,” Lucretia said, handing them the Key of Hearts.  
Xavier carefully took it.  “Thanks, Aunt Lucretia.  Thanks for understanding.”
“You’re welcome.”
“We really wish we could tell you but we can’t,” Selena declared with regret in her voice.
She smiled.  “Don’t worry, kids.  I know there is much more to this world than meets the eye.  Much more.  Count on me if you ever need my help.”

“We found it Xavier!  We found the Key of Hearts,” Selena gushed as they drove back to Trans Mountain.  Next to her, she could sense Xavier’s excited heart beat in tune with her own.
“No thanks to me who missed the clues,” he solemnly said as his dark eyes swept over her.
“Xavier, we did this together and that is all there is to it.”
“Don’t worry, Selena,” he stated.  “It doesn’t bother me that you’re smarter than me.  In fact, I’m more attracted to you than ever.”
Selena chuckled lightly.  “You are?”
“Yes, for sure,” he said, kissing her cheek lightly.  His unexpected touch pushed sharp bumps out of her skin and made her brain hazy like a person with the flu.
Selena tried to regain her senses.  “Stop that or we’re going to have an accident.”
He gave Selena a final peck and tore himself away.  “Okay, okay.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” he said grudgingly.
“You’ll be thankful when we find the Tree of Birth.  It’s hard to concentrate with you smooching me.”
“I hope we can find it fast,” he stated.
“Grandmother Chela told me the general direction of the Tree of Birth.  We’ll find it one way or another.”
When Selena finally halted the truck, they quickly stepped out of it.  Anxious to get the key where it was supposed to go and finish with their quest, Xavier followed Selena.  As they passed the usual tourist sights, they distanced themselves from the road.  All seemed to be going well until she abruptly stopped in her tracks.  Not being able to decide on a pathway, she frantically looked in every direction while Xavier patiently waited.
“I have no idea where we are,” she mumbled.  “I guess I didn’t take Grandmother Chela’s directions very well.”  
“Don’t worry, Selena,” Xavier said soothingly.  “We’ll find the tree.”
A humming sound vibrated through the air, more like a sweet melody than a broken appliance.  Selena’s and Xavier’s eyes swiftly shifted to it with curiosity, alarm, and fascination all mixed together.  A green, red striped hummingbird glided by them.
“Barbra!” exclaimed Selena.  “Why doesn’t it surprise me that you’re here?”
“I think she wants us to follow her,” Xavier stated.
“Let’s go.”
They diligently made their way behind Barbra who patiently waited for them to catch up to her.  As they hiked, passing many beautiful sights, Selena and Xavier took little notice of their surroundings as their focus laid fully on finding the tree.  Suddenly reaching an immense Weeping Willow, they gazed at it dumbfounded.  Having dreamt it didn’t ease the shock of seeing it in person.  The huge branches nearly reached the ground in a shower of bright multi-shaded green leaves.  The gray-brown trunk seemed to be twice Xavier's size and surrounding it on the sandy ground were desert wildflowers creating a colorful palette of translucent purples, brilliant reds, and gleaming yellows. 
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” she sighed, exhaling a prolonged breath.  “Our dream didn’t do it justice.”
“No, it didn’t,” stated Xavier, his dark eyes firmly glued on the tree.
Barbra hummed in their ears as if proud to show it to them.  Selena forced her eyesight away from the tree and smiled gratefully at the hummingbird.  
“Thanks, Barbra,” Selena called out to her as the bird flew away.
“Thanks a lot,” Xavier expressed.
Selena and Xavier returned to admiring the Weeping Willow in complete awe of its majestic splendor.  
Selena finally found her words.  “Xavier, do you see a keyhole?”
“No, but maybe it’s hidden.”
Searching with frenzy, they started looking but could find nothing that remotely looked like a key could fit into it.
“Hi!” yelled a voice.
When Selena and Xavier looked behind them, their surprise couldn’t have been more palpable.  Of all the places to run into somebody, this had to be the oddest.  Selena’s defenses immediately went up.
“Hi,” Steve Harmon said nearing them.
“What are you doing here?” asked Xavier, suspiciously.
“I’m meeting Asher, Cherise and Sebastian at the picnic tables.”
“He’s already out of the hospital?” asked Xavier.
“Sebastian got out today.  I told him it was too soon for him to be out, but he said he needed to get something from Tans Mountain. ”
“Did he?” asked Selena, deep suspicion coloring her words.
“That’s what he said.  We planned on a quiet picnic.  Hopefully Cherise and Sebastian will get together again.  I think she’s lost all hope of being with you, Xavier.  Sorry for bringing this up, Selena.”
“That’s okay, Steve.”
“I don’t know why she was so into you, Xavier, when you can’t stand her.”
“Hopefully she’s out of my hair,” Xavier expressed.
“I saw you while I was waiting for them, and I followed you.  I hope you don’t mind.  Finding you here was a stroke of luck.”
“Stroke of luck?” Selena asked.
“I wanted to apologize for Asher.”
“You do?” asked Selena.
“I’ve been wanting to talk to you.  I really feel bad about what’s been happening with Asher and Cherise.  They’ve been very mean to you, Selena, and that thing with the kiss was unforgivable.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” said Xavier.  
“No, but Asher’s my girlfriend and Cherise is her best friend.  I feel involved in their tricks.”
“Don’t worry about it,” stated Xavier.  “They can’t break up Selena and me.”
“You don’t know how happy I am for you and how glad that I bumped into you here,” he said, suddenly noticing the Weeping Willow.  “What a tree.”
“It’s amazing, right?” Selena agreed.
Sebastian eyed the key in Xavier’s hand.  “What’s that?”
“Just a decorative key,” Xavier quickly stated.
“Can I see it?” he asked nearing, them.
“No!” yelled Selena.  “Keep it away from him, Xavier.”
Steve stopped moving as soon as he saw Xavier put the key in his back pocket.  Even when not all of it fit, at least a large portion of it was in.  
“What’s wrong, Selena?” Steve asked.  “I just want to take a quick look at it.”
“You’re a greedy gifted!”
“A what?”
“A greedy gifted.”
“What’s that?” Steve asked.
“You know what it is,” Selena insisted.
“No, I don’t.”
“Of course you do,” Selena stated.
“What’s wrong with you, Selena? Is this some sort of a game,” he asked angrily.  “I thought we were friends and now you’re accusing me of being I don’t know what.”
“If she says you’re a greedy gifted then that’s what you are,” Xavier retorted.
“I don’t know why I hadn’t figured this out sooner.  You act all nice and everything, but you’re really the one causing all the problems, aren’t you, Steve?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You’re the power behind the It Club.  You’re behind the scenes, making all that mess explode without anyone knowing you’re the one influencing them.  You put Saul in the football team causing many problems, you sneakily guide Asher and Cherise, you pulled the Its together, you—“
“I still don’t know what you’re talking about, Selena,” Steve insisted.
“Sure you do,” stated Xavier, glaring at Steve.  
“What better way to manipulate things when no one sees you coming.  You act like a good guy, but you’re really controlling people like puppets.”
“I’m not—“
“You might as well admit it, Steve.  We know who you are,” affirmed Xavier.
“But—“
“We know,” Selena insisted.
Steve crossed his arms and rolled his eyes.  “Okay, okay, you found me out.  I guess there’s no use hiding who I am from you,” he chuckled darkly.
“No use at all,” stated Xavier, his eyebrows knit together in a disgusted stance.
“That was pretty smart, Selena.”  
“Yes, she’s smart,” declared Xavier.
“How did you know we had the Key of Hearts?” Xavier asked dryly.
“I’ve been spying on you for a long time just in case it chose you.  It’s easy to tell the loser psychics with your soft hearts and when I started shaking things up at school, I knew a loser psychic would stop students from getting hurt,” guffawed Steve.  “It didn’t take a lot to figure out your powers, Xavier.”
“You made the mega-uglies get even uglier,” Selena snapped.
“Not only that,” Steve proclaimed proudly.  “I shifted things around.”
“The bookcase!” exclaimed Xavier.  “That was you!”
“It worked,” Steve announced arrogantly.  “You stopped it from squishing silly Moonflower into a pancake.”
“Moonflower?”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Selena, That friend of yours is the worst type of an idiot.  I’m only sorry I didn’t mess her up more,” he grumbled.
“Hey—“
“Don’t get all defensive, Selena,” stated Steve.  “Just be happy that you’re not anything like her.  But you are a loser psychic—why don’t the both of you join us?  Be with the psychic winners instead of having to take care of losers.”
“We’d never join the greedy gifted,” snapped Selena.
“We don’t steal or mess people up with our abilities,” growled Xavier with ice in his voice.
“Don’t you get it?” Steve smirked.  “How can you be so naive?  It’s the strong that have it all.  You have to take what you want.  Take it!”
“If everyone just took what they wanted then what kind of a world would we live in?” Selena grumbled.
“You won’t be able to take whatever you want,” declared Xavier.  “You won’t take the Key of Hearts.”
“I’ll get it,” he insisted, his voice steel.  “You won’t be able to stop me.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure of myself,” Selena snapped.
“Oh, how sweet.  You’re defending your little boyfriend but his untrained, sloppy energy can’t beat my perfected powers.”
“I stopped you from smashing that bookcase on Moonflower, didn’t I?” Xavier disputed with acid on his tongue.
“You had help,” grumbled Steve.
“What?”
“Never mind.  Just know that you can’t win!”
“We’ll see about that,” snapped Xavier.
“You can’t win, Xavier,” Steve insisted, chortling.  “Just so you know, I was lying about Asher, Cherise, and Sebastian being here.  I'm free to do what I want with you.  I'll get the key one way or another!  I just can’t believe my luck.”
“Your luck?” asked Selena.
“We never thought the key would come to you.  I thought I was on a fool’s errand in that stupid high school, but you’ve got the key in your hands and soon I will have it.  I’ll be the hero!” 
“You’re not getting it,” declared Xavier.
“Yes, I am.”
“No, you’re not.”
“I’m getting tired of these games,” Steve retorted.  “You’d better give me the Key of Hearts if you know what’s good for you.”
“No,” stated Xavier.
“Hand it to me or else. . .” Steve menaced.
“You and what army?” asked Xavier, his voice as menacing as Steve’s.  
“I haven’t shown you all that I can do but believe me, you don’t want to fight me.  If you give me the key, no one will get hurt,” Steve growled.
“He’s not handing you the key,” Selena stated.
“Okay, it’s your funeral,” he said as he glared at a huge gray boulder on the mountain.  It started crashing down at the fast speed of a rocket.  Xavier calmly gazed at it, breaking it into thousands of pebbles that continued harmlessly rolling down.  
Steve grinned.  “Not bad, novice, but that’s amateur stuff.”
Steve flung his arms out and a thick blanket of dust quickly started pushing itself off the ground.  Selena choked harshly until Xavier pointed his fingers in the air and a shower of thick rain poured down.
Steve laughed.  “This is only the beginning.”  He flung his right hand up and Xavier was abruptly thrown in the air for several yards.  As Xavier was about to come crashing down, he suddenly steadied himself and landed softly.
Steve stopped laughing.  He turned his raging sight to Selena, but Xavier stood between them. 
“Don’t you even think about it,” Xavier stated.
Steve let out a frustrated sound.  “Consider yourself lucky, Selena because I can’t take my concentration off of him and put it on you.”
“No, you can’t,” stated Xavier.
Steve growled.  “But I’ll get you as soon as I finish with him.”
Xavier’s dark eyes became as solid as the strongest metal and his whole body took a defensive stance, forming itself into a concentrated mass of force.  “Don’t worry, Selena.  I won’t let him hurt you.”
“He won’t have a chance,” guffawed Steve.  “I’ve got too much help coming my way."
“What?” asked Xavier.
“My friends are here.” he snickered.
“What friends?” questioned Selena.
As Steve turned his head, Selena and Xavier followed his eyesight.  She gasped loudly at seeing what was fast approaching.  Xavier and she had been so involved in the conversation that they had missed what was happening around them.
They were here!
Selena’s skin puckered in hard lumps as cold as ice in the Antarctic.  An overpowering tremble started in her stomach and quickly spread to every part of her.
Yellow eyes!
Here! 
Selena had to harshly remind herself that she wasn’t in bed having one of her nightmares.  What was happening to her wasn’t a dream.  This was reality and the sickly eyes she had assumed were nothing but a warning about the greedy gifted, belonged to the vicious animals getting closer and closer to her and Xavier.
Even though coyotes were dangerous by nature, these frightening specimens seemed to be a million times worse.  These specific creatures were different, their rigid faces scrunched in a merciless scowl.  Their dusty-colored fur blended with the desert but their eyes stood out with yellow spikes of evil.   They stared without blinking and without a shred of fear.  Selena could feel Xavier harden next to her, and she wondered how he’d be able to handle Steve and three monster-like creatures.
“Meet my guardians,” cackled Steve.
“Where did you get them?” growled Xavier, his voice tight and devoid of any warmth.  “In the fires of hell?”
“Everything on earth has a choice,” stated Steve.  “Either you choose to be with the winners or the losers.”
“To do evil or do good,” Selena announced.
“I wouldn’t put it that way,” Steve blurted.
“Of course not—you’re with evil,” Selena muttered loudly.
“I’m on the winning team,” Steve retorted, “and you two are dead meat.”
“I thought I’d find you here,” a voice resonated nonchalantly.
All three pairs of surprised eyes immediately shifted to where the voice came from.  Sebastian Crawley had quietly sneaked up on them.  With a calm posture, he ambled over to them.  
“What are you doing here?” snapped Steve.
“I’m here to help.”
“You can’t!  You just got out of the hospital,” blurted Steve.  “Your powers are weak.”
“I’m not a total invalid.  I can help.”
“I don’t care how many of you there are and how many animals you bring with you,” Xavier declared, “you’re not hurting Selena!”
“We’ll see about that,” stated Steve.
“You feel good with all this evil helping you, don’t you?” growled Selena.
“You don’t understand,” ascertained Sebastian.
“Understand what?” Xavier asked.
“I’m not here to help him,” informed Sebastian, pointing at Steve.  “I’m here to help you.”
“What?” Selena and Xavier said in unison.
“I’m not one of them.”
“Yak, yak, yak!  I’m tired of all this talking,” Steve smirked, eyeing the coyotes.  They swiftly lurched forward, their hard faces in a growl and ready for a war.  As they started pouncing, they suddenly stopped.  They tried to push forward, but they couldn’t get past the invisible barrier in front of them, detaining them.  
“Crawley, you’d better stay out of this,” demanded Steve, fury engulfing him.
“Xavier, I can keep the coyotes away with an energy wall for a while.  You take care of Steve.”
“But—“
“There is no time for questions,” Sebastian informed impatiently.  “You’ve got to use everything inside of you for this!”
“He can’t win and you know it, Crawley,” Steve taunted.
“He can and will beat you,” Selena assured vehemently, her voice at its most confident.
Xavier and Steve slowly circled around each other in what seemed like a Mexican stand off.  Each had a determined snarl on his face.  Selena forgot to breathe as she waited for what would happen next, and she didn’t have to wait long.  The chaos was about to hit the fan as they started moving towards one another.
They’re going to crash into each other!  Selena said to herself.
As Xavier and Steve collided, a wave of unstable energy jumped out of them, sending Selena and Sebastian to their knees when it reached them.  Sebastian quickly got his balance back and put the invisible wall back in place, keeping away the fierce coyotes while Selena placed her hand to her heart.
A loud thud sounded from Xavier and Steve as they crashed into the hard earth, causing another atomic-like wave.  This time Sebastian stayed firmly balanced, stumbling only a little.  Selena, still on her knees from the previous time, managed to stand up.  
About to rush to Xavier, his strong voice stopped her.  “Stay!” he stated.
Even though his sight was completely and firmly focused on Steve, Xavier knew Selena too well and didn’t need to actually see her to know what she would do in certain circumstances.  
“Stay,” he repeated as he and Steve rushed towards each other until they were mano a mano.  Steve tried to punch Xavier but Xavier grabbed his fist before it hit and threw Steve to the ground.  A surge of Steve’s energy suddenly exploded and sent electrical shock waves to Xavier who counteracted them by making them change direction.  The waves returned to Steve who was pounded with a force that threw him a few yards away once they penetrated him. Xavier reached him when Steve hit the ground with a resounding THUD!  And both were in hand to hand combat once again.  Their fists diligently tried to hit their marks but each was too fast.  Streams of sweat poured from each one.
Selena desperately tried to figure out what to do.  She didn’t have their powers, but she had to do something.  She couldn’t just stay put as Xavier wanted her to do.  While he was doing wonderfully, it was obvious that Steve had the more practiced powers.  Selena wondered how much longer Xavier could sustain his strength.  As she neared them, Steve had a fist-size gray rock fly towards Xavier who moved just in time by stumbling down.  Steve rushed to him, ready to take advantage of his upright position but Xavier caught his leg and made him trip.  Throwing their punches from the ground, neither saw the bulky rock smash into Selena who lost consciousness when it painfully rammed into her head.
Selena!  Selena!  You’ve got to wake up,” Clara pleaded inside of Selena’s disoriented mind.
Selena sluggishly tried to see through the thick fog permeating her surroundings.  “Where am I?”
“You’ve got to wake up!”
“Who are you?”
“It’s Clara, Selena.”
“Clara?” she asked, finally starting to put familiar strings together in her head.
“It’s me, Xavier’s mom.”
“Xavier?” His name seemed to want to push out the haziness in her head.
“Please concentrate on waking up in the other dimension.”
“What?”
“You’re unconscious, Selena.”
“I am?”
“You’ve got to wake up.”
“I . . . I . . . I wish I could see you, Clara,” Selena stammered, trying hard to look through the fog and get her bearings.
“Never mind that.  You’ve got to make yourself wake up!”
“But . . . But I can’t!”  Selena exclaimed, holding her head.
“You have to.”
“But—“
“Selena, Xavier and Sebastian can’t beat Steve without your help.  They needs your energy.”
“I don’t have any powers.  How can I help them?” she mumbled desperately..
“Selena, your energies interconnect with Xavier’s!  He needs you.  If you don’t wake up, he’ll die.”
“Die?” gasped Selena.
“Steve will kill him. You’ve got to save Xavier.”
“Xavier!  I’ve got to be with Xavier!”
“Just concentrate on waking up.”
“If only my head would stop throbbing . . . It hurts so much.”
“Tell yourself to wake-up.”
“What?”
“Selena, do you want to save Xavier?”
“I’ve got to help Xavier!”
“Then tell yourself to wake up.”
“Wake up,” Selena told herself.
“Say it with no insecurities and claim the motion.  Believe.  Xavier’s life depends on it.”
“Xavier’s life,” Selena told herself.
“He needs you.”
“Wake up!” Selena demanded, this time with total confidence and no questioning bubbling inside the word.  It was a solid utterance that held no room for the holes of doubt.
As soon as Selena fluttered her eyes open, she immediately tried stumbling up, even with the waves of disorientation attacking her.  The enormous lump on her head caused her harsh and throbbing pain, but she ignored it.  Finally standing up, she didn’t have any time to waste.  In her absence, Steve had gained enormous ground.  Even with both sitting up on one knee from the dirt, Xavier looked exhausted and completely depleted while Steve, although shiny with perspiration, seemed ready to keep going.  Wet drops spilled out of her eyes as she heard Xavier’s hard breaths trying to regain control.  
Selena tore her sight away and put it on Sebastian whose own breathing was spastic, and he was barely able to hold up his hands to keep the invisible wall in place.  His face, contorted in pain, stayed focused but Selena wondered how long he could keep it up.  The guy had just gotten out of the hospital, and he had to face hungry coyotes with yellow eyes firmly locked on him and ready to pounce.  If she didn’t do something fast, it would be the end for all three of them.
“It’s over, Jones,” Steve stated.  “It’s ov—“
He fell abruptly to the ground unconscious within seconds of Selena having smashed his head with the heavy rock that had originally hit her.  Xavier stared at her, stunned.  
 “Selena!” exclaimed Xavier, stumbling up.  “Why did you do that?  You could’ve gotten hurt.”
“I’m fine.”
Xavier looked Steve over.  “He’s completely out.  Was that the rock Steve tried to hit me with?” he asked.
“Yes, it hit me instead.”
“What?  Xavier asked horrified.
“Don’t worry.  I’m fine but we need to get the key to the Tree of Birth before Steve wakes up.”
“Guys,” blurted Sebastian, his voice rickety and worn.  “My powers are about to give out.”
Xavier flung his hands but not a single movement happened, not even a dancing leaf.  His dark eyes reached Selena with frustrated concern.  “I'm completely depleted.  I’ve got nothing.”
“You have to do something,” cried Sebastian.
“I’ve got an idea!” Selena proclaimed, rushing towards the coyotes.
“Selena!” Xavier shouted, trying to catch up to her even with his depleted strength.  “Don’t—“
“I can’t anymore,” Sebastian muttered as he dropped to the ground in exhaustion.
“Stop!” Selena ordered the coyotes as they were about to rush across the space where the energy wall had been.  
With all that was left inside of him, Xavier stumbled towards Selena.  “Get me,” he taunted the coyotes but to his immense surprise, they stayed in place.
“You aren’t going to hurt us,” Selena demanded from the fierce coyotes, looking into their yellow eyes as they stared back at her with reverence.  “Turn around and go back where you came from.”
Giving Selena one more respectful glance, they suddenly turned around and started moving away from the humans.  Their multi-shaded fur became only a small dot as the coyotes left with alarming speed and agility.  
“How did that happen?” Xavier asked, breaking the stunned silence.
Selena breathed out a long, unwavering breath.  “I don’t know.  I just felt the impulse to do it.”
“You’re an animal charmer, Selena,” Sebastian announced, admiration in his voice.
“Animal charmer?” she questioned.
“You have a special communication with animals.”
“My grandmother always says I’ve got a way with critters.”
“Is that why your risked your life like you did?” Xavier grumbled, frowning.
“I had to do something.”
“But—“
“Xavier, I knew I’d be able to get through to them.  I just knew!”
“Selena—“
“Let’s stop arguing,” Selena stated.  “We don’t have time for this.  We need to get the key where it belongs.”
“Let’s get it to the tree,” Sebastian declared, nodding.  Xavier reached into his back pocket and pulled out the key.  “Let’s do this.”
They quickly stepped up to the Weeping Willow but this time, the tree looked different.  The leaves were much more vivid in different shades of bright green and the many rings on it rapidly moved round and round until they suddenly stopped.  In the middle was a wooden key hole.
“I guess that while Steve was conscious, the tree didn’t want to tell us its secrets,” Selena said.
“Can you blame it?” Sebastian asked sardonically.
“Here,” he chuckled lightly as he handed the Key of Hearts to her.  “You do it.”
Selena gently took the key.  As she placed it in the hole, the rings started rolling round and round again, much swifter than before, until they swallowed the crystal key.  A flood of rainbow beams streamed out in long, straight lines.  Selena quickly pulled back to allow the display of the electromagnetic color light show to freely flow without human interruption.
“It’s beautiful,” Selena sighed, not taking her eyes off the reflected beams of sky blues, pastel pinks, and radiant greens.
“Yes, very,” stated Xavier, also affected by the mystical scene in front of him.
Glancing at Steve, Sebastian frowned deeply.  “This is the dangerous moment.”
“What?” Selena asked.
“The danger moment,” he repeated.
“What’s that?” questioned Xavier.
“It’s the time anyone can steal the energy.  The powers of the key are unlocked and if we pull out the key right now, the energies will be up for grabs instead of going into the tree.”
Selena and Xavier quickly looked towards Steve who was still completely out.  Relieved, they turned their sight back to the incredible display.  The colors shimmered with deeper hues than before and threw vibrant sparks.  The three pairs of mesmerized eyes were unable to leave the scene.
The moment soon ended when the reflected light suddenly pulled itself into the tree and the rings stopped their motion.  All turned normal again. 
 “That’s that,” Selena said, smiling at Xavier.
“What did you do?” Steve asked in desperation from behind them.
“The key is gone,” stated Xavier, taking a defensive stance.
“You idiots!  Do you know how much power you just let go?”
“We do know,” ascertained Sebastian.
“I just hate loser psychics,” snapped Steve.
"I'm happy being a loser psychic as long as I'm not anything like you," smirked Sebastian.
“So you’re one of us?” Xavier asked Sebastian.  “You’re a heart gifted and not a greedy one?”
 “Didn’t you recognize one of your own?” smirked Steve.  “How stupid can you be?”
“You didn’t know who I was either, Steve," Sebastian stated.  "Not for a long time.”
“I figured it out!”
Sebastian groaned.  “Only after I kept you from hurting them with the catwalk.”
“You were at the theatre that day?” Selena asked Steve with complete surprise in her voice.
“Yes,” he retorted impatiently.  “I was hiding and I would’ve flattened you if this idiot wouldn’t have shown up.”
“I’m sorry I messed up your plans,” Sebastian sneered sarcastically.
“What’s wrong with you losers?!  That key had all the energy to make us the most powerful beings on earth.  How could you just let it go like that?  The three of you are so stupid!  You’ll never be able to outdo us!”
 “How’s that lump on your head?” Sebastian asked wryly.  “You know, from when Selena clobbered you?”
“Does it hurt?” Xavier asked slyly.
Steve started lunging towards Xavier but as he did, Sebastian, who was next to him, flung Steve to the Tree of Birth.  Its long branches caught him like waiting fingers and pinned him against the strong trunk.  He tried violently to free himself but it was of no use.  The Weeping Willow held him firmly with complete ease.  Steve’s strength was no match for to the tree’s mighty fortitude.
“I guess the Tree of Birth doesn’t like you either, Steve,” Selena stated.
He grunted angrily.  “I don’t care!  You’d better let me go, you stupid tree,” he snapped, struggling fiercely to get free.
“I don’t think you can tell the tree what to do,” stated Xavier.
After a few seconds, the branches spread out.  Steve quickly stumbled away from the tree.
“You see, it listens to me,” he sneered as soon as he got his bearings back.  “No one and nothing gets me—not with my powers.  The three of you losers had better be prepared for my revenge!”  He lifted his hands up but Xavier already had taken his defensive stance once again.  Sebastian folded his arms in nonchalance as a smirk formed on his face.  Selena couldn’t help flinching as she waited for the chaos that would likely ensue.  
But nothing.
Nothing happened.  
Raging, Steve kept trying to mobilize his powers to no avail.  His face scrunched up in frustration.    
“What happened to my powers?” he questioned desperately.
Xavier pulled his hands up, pushing his energy forward and flinging Steve a few yards away.
“Mine are okay,” Xavier said matter-of-factly.  “They’ve re-charged.”
“What did that stupid tree do to me?!” Steve keened as he ran to the tree and started beating it.  The tree’s branches hurled Steve harshly to the ground.  Its leaves shook as if laughing.  
“It now has your powers,” Sebastian smirked.
“I wouldn’t tempt the tree anymore,” said Xavier.
Steve stood up angrily dusting the dirt off of himself.  “I’m going to get my powers back if it’s the last thing I do,” he said as he strode away.  “Even if it’s the last thing I do!”
“Whatever,” Selena said, smiling.
“Yes, whatever,” Xavier reiterated.
“Good luck in trying to get your powers back,” Sebastian smirked.  Steve swiftly kept striding away until he was just a dot in the distance.  
“I’m so glad you’re one of us, Sebastian,” said Selena, suddenly coming back to earth after all the commotion that had taken place.  
“Yep.”
“That’s why when you were on the gurney at the theatre you told me we had to be on the same team?” questioned Xavier.
“Yep.”
“Why didn’t you tell us who you were?” Selena asked.
“The other heart gifted felt it was better to keep it a secret so that I could get in the It club.  The Its had the greedy gifted written all over them.  Selena, I was sent here to keep an eye out for the Key of Hearts."
 “How did you know to come here—to the tree?” Selena asked.  “How did you know that we’d be here?”
“I felt a shift in energy—it was probably when you found the key.  I wasn’t sure that Steve was with you, but I knew he was keeping an eye on you, and I came here hoping you’d be putting the key where it belongs.”
“I’m so relieved that that’s over with,” Xavier asserted with a smile.
 “Xavier, you did better than I thought you would.  For a guy who hates his powers, you’re very good.  Steve has been developing and training his energy for a long time.”
“All it took was one hard knock from Selena to put him out,” stated Xavier, his dark eyes admiring her.
Sebastian grinned at her.  “You’re very lucky, Xavier."
"Yes, I know," Xavier proclaimed, his dark eyes sweeping over Selena.  Her face flushed a bright pink.
“If you ever get tired of him, I’m here,” teased Sebastian.
“Hey, you, stop flirting with my girlfriend.  You’ve got your own—Cherise.”
Sebastian’s face tightened in a huge grimace.  “Cherise—ugh!”
“You don’t like her?” asked a surprised Selena.
“No!”
“You don’t think she’s the prettiest girl in school”
“She’s the ugliest—next to Asher.  Sorry, Xavier.”
“Don’t be sorry.  I think that my cousin and Cherise are the ugliest girls in school too.”
“You’re probably the only two guys at school who think they’re ugly.”
Xavier chuckled heartedly.  “We can’t help being so smart.”
“I’m so happy that I don’t have to hang out with the It Club anymore.  I don’t have to put up with Cherise,” Sebastian proclaimed, full relief coloring his voice.  “What a great day.”

A very few moments later, after Sebastian had gone home, Selena and Xavier were at their favorite spot on top of the world breathing in the tranquility and quiet beauty of Trans Mountain.  Motorists zoomed by on the road not knowing about the Tree of Birth so close to them or about the near catastrophic disaster that had almost occurred.  These motorists went on with their normal lives and Selena and Xavier wouldn’t have had it any other way.  Xavier smiled his movie star sparkler at her and she smiled back.  
“We did it, Selena,” he said, gliding his fingers through her hair playfully.
“Yes, we did,” Selena answered back, the palm of her hand on his cheek.  “Are you proud of your abilities now?”
He chuckled lightly.  “You’re the one who immobilized Steve with the rock, Selena.”  He tenderly kissed her palm.  
“C’mon, Xavier.  You know I wouldn’t have been able to handle him and his powers without you.”
“I don’t know about that.”
“He would’ve flattened me out like a tortilla.”
“Or the other way around,” he stated firmly.  “You’re pretty tough.”
“I’m kinda tough.”
“No, not kinda.  You’re pretty tough,” he insisted.
“Okay, so I make a terrible ingénue.  I’m not a delicate flower.”
“No, but you’re still a flower nonetheless.”
“Thank you,” Selena expressed.
“Your sharp thorns don’t scare me even a little bit,” he teased.
“You’re the one with freaky powers,” Selena kidded back.
“We’re both officially freaks now.”
“Yeah, freaks,” Selena said, chuckling.  "Freakoids."
“You have to admit that we do make a good team,” he stated.
“Yes, a very good team.”
“We take care of each other.”
He grinned before he brought himself to Selena.  His sweet gentle embrace only drew their slow deliberate kiss closer and his calm breath interconnected with hers as if snapping together.  She wrapped her arms around his waist, and he caressed her long strands of dark black hair.  Selena could feel every one of his magnetic fingers sending mini waves through each dark string.   She actually swooned.  Maybe it wasn’t so bad being a squishy romantic after all. 
