The Golden Peony

Robert Sullivan
Copyright © 2017 by Robert Sullivan
Table of Contents

1. We sail north
2. Omar's eye
3. Partha
4. The Ha'ka
5. Liu Sheng barters with Naguib
6. We travel west on horses with short legs and sturdy bodies
7. The Q'in
8. Naguib takes mai'tai with Bo Mingyu
9. Seas of grass stretch endless unto the horizon, strewn with yellow flowers
10. The days and nights grow cold
11. The wall in the clouds
12. Mongol
13. The Golden Peony
14. Xian
15. The battle of Denfu lane
16. To the court of the Great Khan
The Land of the Q'in
2151BC
We sail north
(Here is written the first night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
Five moons have journeyed through the skies since last my daughter sat before me and in this time much has come to pass. She is now betrothed to the hapless Imhotep who, though perhaps a businessman of some cunning, is of but modest intelligence. Indeed he is blessed that my daughter has grown so fond of him, for it is she most certainly who will steer the fortunes of that family. Sometimes I think that he has the brain of a sheep. And even then I am too generous. But now I see that I have said too much, and the sharp eye turns towards me. But I see also a smile at the corner of the mouth, for my daughter knows that I jest. Mostly. It is as I have said before. Who am I to judge the lives of others, or the journeys upon which their heart might take them, for the heart, as it is for all men, is something that still I scarce understand. But even for one so clumsy as I you will see, as my story unfolds, that I have indeed been fortunate.
At this thought I cast my eyes to my wife of so many years. She sits at her bed as I speak, watching me, a smile upon her face, her comb passing through her hair, that even now is dark as pitch and shining with light, and so long that it reaches unto her waist. Surely, her name is Eti. And so it has been for so long that sometimes I can forget that her name and her life were once so different. I have oft wondered if the happiness and joy we have shared is such that it could replace all that she forgave when she came to me. I look again at her face, so different from mine and from those of my countrymen, but a face of grace and beauty, and one that I have loved so dearly for so long. Yes. The Gods have smiled upon me.
So what is it that has come to pass? To my surprise my old friend Naguib came to our house during the autumn floods. It was good to see my friend, though his withered stump gave him great pain in the cool of the evenings and he limped badly, such that whenever we ventured forth it was indeed a slow and ponderous procession. To the dismay and scolding of my family we spent many nights with Nedemeb, remembering our journeys and the many friends that were made and lost during those perilous times. Needless to say these were fine nights, though the days that followed were oft vile and dark. Indeed, so vile and dark that I am sure the scolding of my wife and daughter could be heard in Thebes. It is for this reason that I have not eaten of dates or dried meats for many days, and my bowels now are settled. But it is yet a small comfort, for each night my wife places before me a thin soup of pumpkin and barley. A soup without spice, and of little taste. It is truly terrible. But my physician tells me that it must be as succour to my bowels, and he speaks truly. The soup is more of water than of pumpkin or barley but I fear, if I do not heed the physician's call, that I never again might I taste of my wife's stuffed dates. Of the spiced almonds or salted fish, of hot breads or honeyed cakes, or the other foods that I love to eat. I can only pray that this does not come to pass.
I have spoken with Naguib and told him of my daughter's wish and that she should scribe our tale and tell of our journey and its adventures. I said also that in the telling of the tale it did bring unto me many memories, some of great happiness but also some of great sadness. Naguib placed his hand upon my shoulder and said unto me 'Yes Agi, our journey was filled with many adventures. We knew great happiness, and also great sadness. But so also was it a great quest, asked of us by the Pharaoh. It was a mighty journey, so much that sometimes it is hard to believe it to be true, but so it was and you should speak of it with pride. It is a great tale, one such that when any man's eye falls upon the papyrus he also will see the grace of the Pharaoh and the courage of our comrades. Our journey was long and many of our comrades fell, far from their homeland. Some unto the seas, others unto the deeds of other men, some unto intemperance, some unto greed. But never should we forget our comrades. All must be honoured and in the telling of the tale so will this be.'
But now I see that I have tarried long, that my daughter's foot begins to tap, that her ink tipped cane draws dark circles upon the papyrus. Her hair, as that of her mother, as black and shiny as pitch, falls across her face and cascades at her back, her almond eyes are upon me. It is time that I continue my story.

* * *

As we sailed north from the golden isles we followed the coast of Gond for many days. It was clear that the hot season fast approached for the days grew ever warmer. And in the late afternoon, when the day was so warm that we had shed all of our now tarnished leathers, the clouds would darken and the heavens open, sending down torrents of rain, so thick and so heavy that I could not see even unto the foredeck. But such torrents were short lived and, after no more than a few moments, the clouds would part and bring forth the sun and the decks would steam as they dried.
The rains were a welcome relief from the boiling heat of the sun, and also an opportunity to cleanse our bodies and to fill our water barrels. At night we slept upon the decks, our bedding lying where the cages of the mighty Beasts had rested. And without the cages of the Beasts our ship seemed larger, the decks longer and wider. Our ship now rode the waters with ease, moving freely with the winds and the waves and turning lightly as we steered across the breeze. The coast of Gond lay dark and low to our port side as we sailed north, passing small islands, clotted with trees and shrubs, past the wide mouths of rivers that poured forth muddy fresh water into the seas, past long and endless mudflats peopled with tall birds that stood upon stilt-like legs, their long beaks digging in the mud for small creatures. Sometimes we could see the smoke of fires, far behind the trees of the shoreline, but never did we see again the Men of Earth and Straw.
The waters stretched blue and endless before us, a firm breeze held to our stern, driving us forward through frothing waves of blue and white and sometimes, when we journeyed into shallow waters, over white sands, curling greens and soft blues, the colours as bright as stones of jade or lapis lazuli. Each day, as the sun fell towards the horizon, we put to the shore, our anchor fast in the sand as we lay off small islands or sandy bays, the waters around us alight in the colours of the evening, greens, blues, yellows and purples, as if a mighty scarab swam beneath us. There were many nights that I felt the tears in my eyes as I gazed upon the colours of my homeland.
But however beautiful the waters about us, I knew in my heart that great peril waited beyond the horizon. And thus it was, that after ten days of clear skies and stiff breezes, we came upon what we were to call the 'low isles'. For indeed they were low, so low that only when the tide turned could they be seen, their jagged teeth cutting white through the sea as it surged around them. And at full tide their sharpened claws were hidden below the waves, not more than a bright flicker of colour beneath the rolling seas, yet able to tear the heart from our mighty ship in but a moment.
And the 'low isles' were many. So many. We had long sailed in clear seas, but when we awoke on the morning of the tenth day the 'low isles' lay to all sides. So many that no matter how we turned our mighty ship it seemed that before us lay even more danger. At each side the waves dashed upon rocks of green and black, of red and yellow and white, yet touched also with colours of rose and purple. Beneath the seas we saw strange curling shapes that were as if trees, curling one upon the other such that they were greater in girth than is our dhow, and coloured also in soft roses and greens and blues. Indeed there was great beauty in the 'low isles' but also great menace. Naguib called for us to run to the sails. 'There is danger here' he cried. 'For the rocks are sharper even than the swords of our Pharaoh, and will cut the heart from our ship in but a moment. We must take care.'
For greater than a half score of days we sailed the 'low isles'. Naguib called for all sail to be bound unto the masts, keeping only the smallest sail open above us, filled only the smallest breath of wind, our pace not more than that of a snail. We moved slowly between the 'low isles', Naguib holding firm to the tiller arm and steering us past shoals and strange rocky uprisings. Gase and Isesi hung from the bow, calling forth a warning when danger neared. Each night Naguib took our ship close by an isle, seeking the shallows where we might better place our anchor yet ride safely upon the tides.
On all sides of our ship we saw waters that teemed with life. So many fish and of so many colours that it seemed a rainbow flowed through the waters beneath us. We saw crocodiles, larger even that those of the Nile, and turtles, or at least creatures that reminded us of the small, long necked Nile tortoise, but many times larger, as large as a man and with a beak that snapped as does that of a bird. One day, as our ship sailed slowly between the outcrops of rock, we watched two of these large creatures swim through a school of tiny bright fish, their sharp beaks taking many. There were strange long winding creatures that lay in the rock crevices, waiting for small fishes to swim by; enormous round fishes, mayhap the size of a camel and the colour of lead, that hung in the water, their tiny fins barely moving; sharp toothed fishes of silver, as long as my sword, their speed greater than that of the fastest arrow. Truly these were wondrous seas and we fed well, the Nubians casting spears laced with rope, Naguib and Isesi also casting a sharpened hook caught with twine, the barb honed on Minkaff's vats and impaled with a small lump of the runtish pig. We watched as the schools of fish swarmed to the hooks. So many did we catch and eat.
So slow was our passage that it seemed that the 'low isles' were endless, that they might stretch unto the end of the world. But it was not so and at last we came to the place where they were no more. This we could see from the colour of the water, for the soft blues and greens of the 'low isles', the sandy floor of the sea and the strange but beautiful colours were all become the darkest green, a colour we knew to mean deeper waters. As the Omars and Isesi ran to the foredeck and loosed the sails I again felt the hand of fear touch me. A score of days and more had passed since we set forth from the Golden Isles, yet our journey seemed peaceful and without great danger. The gods had not sported with us. Even the 'low isles' had shown us no anger.
At last, after many days had passed, the coast of Gond fell away behind us, our sails stretched firm and white in the breezes, our ship skipping lightly across the blue water. Many times we saw large fishes of the sea, racing beside the bow of our mighty ship, their bodies smooth and sleek, leaping through the water and the waves. One of the Nubians made ready to spear one of the fish but Naguib made motion with his hand. He told us that these fish were messengers and guides and that no mariner must harm them. He said we should follow where they lead, that they would take us safely unto our destination. I recall that Minkaff looked at Naguib when he spoke of the fishes. 'But what is our destination Naguib. Do you believe that these fishes will guide us until we come again unto Egypt?'
Naguib snorted and laughed. 'Of course not. But they will lead us safely on the next part of our journey. I am sure that you too will see the truth of this before many days more have passed.'

* * *

For greater than two score of days we sailed north, the sun ever hotter upon our shoulders. Before us stretched a boundless ocean, the colour of bronze and lead. Each day the rains came, falling as if from a waterfall, until the sun sprang once again from the clouds and the steam and heat rose from the decks of our mighty ship such that we could not breath. Much water did we capture from the rains but our stores of food were soon gone. The dried runtish pig we ate until there was no more. Then we ate of fish and the few berries that remained of those we had gathered on the Golden Isles. Indeed it was that some of the berries we gathered were filled with a poison for, after eating of these berries, the faces of Omar the Centurion and Isesi became yellow and green, and they could not hold their food for many days. Two of the Nubians were also afflicted and indeed did look quite strange, their dark skin turned unto the colour of ash, their eyes bulging and yellow. But the fruits and berries also were soon gone and so we looked unto the many small islands that dotted the seas around us.
When the winds were fair and the seas light beneath our keel Naguib brought our ship to land, close against one of the small islands. Minkaff and the Omars went forth and brought down many large birds, almost of the height of a man, with sharp beaks and short wings, with long legs and heavy clawed feet and with body as large as that of the runtish pig. These Minkaff called the 'Devil Birds', for they indeed were fierce and fearless and so of great danger. Their call was as if the ten horns of the Pharaoh had sounded as one and, if one was to throw itself upon you in a rage, it's claws and long sharpened beak were such as to strip the flesh from your bones and the eyes from your head in but a moment. It was so named by Gase to be the spawn of the Devil.
But when brought down with spear or arrow and cooked by Minkaff, with oil and salt and fragrant leaves, its flesh was firm and filled with juices, its taste as that of a goat. It was welcome fare after so many days of runtish pig and fish. Minkaff and the Omars also collected the eggs of these birds, each as large as is a full goat skin and such that when broken into one of Minkaff's vats and cooked among the coals in the evening each egg gave of so much food as to ease the hunger of four men. Minkaff stored many eggs in his cabinets below the foredeck.
Twice Naguib brought us to the shore of other small islands and we set forth and collected more fruits and berries. Isesi also brought down three tall birds with stilt-like legs and pink feathers and long necks. We ate well that night. Sometimes we would gather nuts and berries and fruits, trusting that we might eat of each without fear of illness. Of course this did not happen and many times we saw our brethren at the railing, their dinner spilling into the sea, their faces the colour of rotting papyrus.
Now it was that when we first sailed forth from the Port of Heliopolis our crew numbered one score and four. Of this number many had perished on our journey to the Golden Isles, some by ill fortune, others by the evil deeds of their comrades. Some had leapt into the sea, seeking to return unto their homes or to avoid the wages of their sins. We knew not what their fates had been. Mayhap they had been able to swim to land, may the Gods be merciful, or mayhap they were taken by the creatures of the ocean. We did not know. But so many of our comrades had we lost that now we must sail our mighty ship with all but a half of the crew that had set forth.
It was with this thought that I cast my eye upon my comrades of these many days past. When we boarded our ship in the darkness in Heliopolis we were all strong men. Battle hardened and well trained. And hardy and strong after so many days amid the dry sands and the boiling sun of the Empty Quarter. But as I looked about me I could not see such men. No. The men that stood at the railing, or lounged against the sternpost, were greatly changed. Yes, we had toiled long and hard in the service of the Pharaoh such that our bodies were lean and strong and our skins browned by the desert sun. But the men around me were stronger, harder men, their bodies stripped of fat such that muscles and sinews, even bones, were clear beneath the skin; a skin now darkened to the colour of pitch, such that when Sione and Omar stood near to each the other, they were as brothers. The teeth and eyes of all on board were yellow and bright; our hair no longer brown and dark but streaked with gold and red; our faces covered by long beards, also streaked with gold and red; our hands of such strength as to be greater than that of the water oxen and curled like the claws of the eagle. In truth, sometimes when I looked upon my comrades, from even a small distance, it was only by their scars that I could know the Nubians. If not for the scars then all men looked as one to me.
Ah yes, of course, I jest a little. For as you know, the Nubians did not grow beards. Neither did all Nubians grow hair upon their heads as did I and my other comrades. Many of the Nubians still shaved all hair from their heads and from their bodies. Others filled their hair with oil and pitch. Isesi, being sometimes of soft mind and oft a pest, one night touched a flame to the head of Mashane which, being coated in mud and pitch, began to burn. There was much screaming by the Nubians and water was quickly thrown upon Mashane. Mashane's head was not wounded, for the mud and pitch was a paste of great thickness. But this did not spare Isesi, for Asan and Gase then beat him such that he ran unto the lower deck wailing and crying out. The other Nubians shouted curses and tended Mashane, while the Omars stood at the sternpost laughing. I looked at Naguib. Should we not aid Isesi I asked of Naguib. Naguib shrugged and sniffed loudly. 'He is not hurt Agi. And is it not just that he receive a beating?'
Isesi did not come forth for two more days, but I saw that he spoke again with Mashane and Asan and Gase and that peace was made. Still, over the many moons that followed, I saw that Mashane watched Isesi with the eye of an eagle. Mayhap it was that peace was made but trust was not yet restored.
So indeed it was that we were changed men. Of greater strength, of stronger minds, of greater learning. No longer did we need a crew of one score and four. No longer did we need eight men to run to the sails; or four more to run to the tiller; or two, or sometimes three, to sit upon the bow of our ship with drop-lines. Each man now was the equal of two, such that we sailed with ease and had much time for rest and sleep. Of course Naguib would not hear of this but drove us to scrubbing decks, to winding ropes and sails or, if a temper was upon him, to cleaning the latrines. True, I had come to enjoy much of our life upon the ocean, but sometimes even I judged it best to hide within the lower deck if such a foul task might be thrust upon me.
But Naguib had become worried. I spoke with him one evening as the ship rolled easily through the dark swells. The sun had fallen into the ocean and the western sky swirled with orange and pink. To the east the stars flickered. 'You are worried my friend.' I said. I remember that I chewed upon the dried flesh of the Devil Bird as I spoke with Naguib. Naguib sat with his back to the sternpost. I sat close by his side. Above us the long tiller arm creaked as the ship moved across the wind. A single Nubian stood at its head.
Naguib pointed to the heavens. 'There' he said. 'It is the mariners' star. It shines in the northern sky.'
'What of it?' I asked, staring into the darkening sky. The mariners' star shone bright above us, to our starboard side.
'It is our guide' said Naguib. 'Many times have I sailed the Medi and the mariners' star has always been my shepherd.'
I stared again into the heavens. But are these not strange heavens I asked myself. We have travelled for so long and so far. These are not the heavens of our homeland. I turned again unto Naguib. 'But my friend' I said. 'We are far from home and far from the Medi. Could it be that this is not the mariners' star but is some other bright light that shines in the skies?'
Naguib closed one eye and put his finger unto the side of his nose. Always had I found this amusing, for it was a strange thing, and always when something was a puzzle to him. He too stared into the heavens. He was quiet for a long while, then he nodded slowly. 'Mayhap you are right Agi. Perhaps it is not the mariners' star. For I see no other stars about it that I see when I sail the Medi. Perhaps we are indeed so far from home that even the heavens are changed.'
Naguib was again silent for a long moment, pulling at his bottom lip with his fingers. This also was something that he was wont to do when deep in thought. Then he shook his head and sighed. 'No Agi. I have no other guides. I must take it for our shepherd. We are indeed far from home but I know that we must sail to the north and to the west. The star shines bright above us and by my reckoning it is close to north and so shows our path. We follow it until we can follow no more.'
'What of the fishes Naguib? Are they not also our guide?'
Naguib nodded. 'They are Agi. But you will see that we are now far from land, from any land, and that Gond is far behind. I have not seen the fishes these past half score of days. I must look now unto the stars.'
We did not speak again that evening. Naguib went to the foredeck to see that the Nubians were indeed awake and that they kept watch. Though the moon soon rose above the waters, and showed nothing before us but the black rolling waves of the ocean, their peaks tipped with silver in the moonlight, still we must keep watch, such that we did not come unknown upon a storm or a rocky shore. I did not think much on what Naguib had said to me. Even now, so long since we sailed forth from Heliopolis, was I still a stranger unto the ways of the sea and of the stars. True, I had learned much at Naguib's knee but I did not care that we followed the stars or the fishes. I wished only that our journey home would be free from peril and without great adventure. Of course you know by now that never did my wishes come to pass.

* * *

(Here endeth the first night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine - scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Agymah has gone again to visit his friend Nedemeb who has taken to his bed. Agymah is worried for his friend as his health is poor.)
Omar's eye
(Here is written the second night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
I stood at the railing below the rear deck, Omar the Centurion stood by my side. We had cast our hooks into the seas, baited with small scraps of the flesh of the Devil Bird or pieces of dried fish, hoping to catch our dinner. The seas ran clear and green beneath out ship, the waves capped in white, a mild breeze at our stern. At our feet lay a half score of silver fish, each greater than three cubits in length, their skin silver as was their tails, a long black stripe across their backs, their sides marked with green and yellow. Many fish such as this swam nearby our mighty ship. In the air above flew many birds, so many that they could not be counted. Many dived beneath the waves, falling from high above and spearing through the water as does a sharpened lance. Others, large birds, many of different shape and colour, flew low across the surface, their talons breaking the water and capturing a fish before carrying it away. The waters churned white and flashed with silver as the fish fled the sharp beaks and razor claws.
The day was bright, the sun burning across our shoulders. It was now greater than four score of days that we had sailed from Gond, and as the days had grown hot so all on board wore only sandals and loincloth. All leggings and leather caps were hung within the storeroom on the lower deck. For many days now we had seen no land, not even the smallest of islands. But all on board still talked of the day, now but five days gone, when Asan, one of the Nubians, raised alarm as the evening came upon us, the sky darkening as the sun fell into the ocean at the far horizon. He said that he had seen a sail, far off, and also a light. We all ran and joined him on the foredeck and cast our eyes to the west. We knew not how far we had sailed and we knew not what lay before us. We sailed upon strange seas but could it be that others also sailed these waters? In all the days since we sailed from Heliopolis we had seen only the small boats of the men of the Golden Isles. We had seen no other craft. To meet with men who sailed a ship such as ours would indeed be a fine thing.
But the sun had fallen into the sea and in the darkening night nothing did we see. Naguib pulled on the tiller arm and turned our ship unto the west, where Asan had pointed, his arm outstretched, so that we sailed across the wind, our sails filled, our rigging tight and humming in the breezes. I hoped truly that we would find another ship, or mayhap and island, for if there were lights then it seemed certain that there were other men. Sailors perhaps, or mayhap shore dwellers. It did not matter. But thought Naguib held course for half the night we saw no lights and we came upon no land. At last Naguib turned our ship again such that the winds came from our stern.
As I sat upon the reardeck, nearby the tiller arm, I stared to the north, across our bow and unto the dark seas. For many moons we had sailed upon great oceans, from the Port of Heliopolis to the sands of the Golden Isles, but never had we seen a ship as great as ours. Indeed we had seen but few boats upon the seas, only those of the men of Gond, smaller even that the dhows set upon our mid deck. I looked to each side of our mighty ship and saw only the endless seas, black and lost unto the night. Was there no other ship but ours upon these seas I asked of myself? Was it that we were the only band of men that chose to tempt the Gods? But the Pharaoh himself had decreed that we sail to the far reaches of the world and he also is a God. How could it be that the Gods should be displeased? As these thoughts moved within my head I felt the cold finger of fear at my back. Was the world so empty of men that none might dwell on this far side of the world? And if not men, then what beasts or monsters might we meet upon our journey? As always my thoughts were awry. It was that only the passing of time could reveal the truth.

* * *

The smells of cooking oil and food washed across my face and caressed my nose and, close by, I saw that Minkaff clattered about in his kitchen, bright coals burning beneath the large vats and kettles, each bubbling with gruels and nectars. One of the Nubians, Gase, he of the shaven and oiled head, crouched nearby, stirring the contents of the largest of the vats. The smell came again and my empty belly grumbled. I wondered what Gase cooked for the vat was too large for our daily meal of fish or bird. Perhaps he cooked of the many fish that lay upon our deck. As I watched I saw Gase scoop a morsel from the vat and pass it to his mouth. It was but a small wrong and I recall that I laughed a little. But the tiny flame of mirth was quickly doused for as I rose from the deck, throwing my cloak to the side, I heard a cry from the foredeck. All on board ran to the railings for there, off our starboard bow, a strange apparition floated upon the waves.
At my first sight of the apparition I believed it to be but a small island, not larger in its size than the reardeck of our ship yet thick with trees and vines that hung with fruit and, that which caused even more cries from the Nubians, also leaking thin trails of smoke unto the sky. I wondered what strange beings lived there. But how could we be so close to an island? Are there not shoals and rocks nearby? Would we not hear the waves breaking upon the shores? And so I cast my eyes to each side of our ship, searching for dangers. But only the waves that rolled dark and deep beneath our keel. And as our ship drew even closer to the small island I saw that it also moved upon the waters. I turned to Naguib, who stood close beside me. Naguib laid his heavy hand upon my shoulder. 'It is a boat Agi. Or, more rightly, it is a raft. Small yes, and also much in need of a strong hand for it is in ill repair, that we can see.'
And indeed it was a raft. And indeed it was in ill repair. It rolled close by the side of our ship and I saw that the dark trees were no more than the masts of the strange vessel, hung with torn and ragged sails, the cloth green and mottled as are the leaves of trees, flapping in the breezes. And the vines that I saw but a moment before became no more than the ropes and rigging of the vessel, though much twisted and tangled and, I knew, not at all to the liking of our leader. Beneath the torn and flapping sails I could see a small shelter. It was from this that the smoke came forth, leaking through a roof of palm fronds. Its deck was made of logs, cut from large trees and hewn and bound with thick ropes. I saw that the many logs heaved and groaned as the waters moved beneath them, the seas pouring forth between each as the raft rolled upon the waves.
Naguib took the tiller and called to us and we pulled on the ropes and sails and our mighty ship slowed. Naguib held the long tiller arm and guided our ship closer upon the strange ship until it stood no more than one hundred cubits off our starboard bow, rolling slowly on the waves, its ragged sails snapping in the breeze, smoke winding through the rigging. We crowded close by the railing but could see no movement upon the raft. Was there no-one on board? And what of the fruit that hung from the rigging, strange darkened lumps, no larger than the head of a goat but shiny and black, swinging on the ropes as the vessel rolled in the seas?
It was then that one of the Nubians screamed and fell to the deck, white froth at his mouth, his eyes rolling in his head. It was Sione. Gase ran to him for he had the knowledge of the physician. Sione threw his arms about and shouted, no words that we could understand, his arm pointed to the strange vessel, his eyes yellow and staring, his mouth gaping, his chin dripping of froth. Then the other Nubians cried out and fell back from the railing, waving their arms and calling upon their gods. What in Ra's name are they saying I asked Naguib. But he shook his head and did not speak. Only Omar the Centurion could speak the Nubian tongue. I looked to where Omar knelt upon the foredeck, close by the fallen Nubian, listening to the man as he cried and shouted. Then he rose and moved to the railing, shading his eyes and watching the raft for long moments. I saw him make the sign of Osiris then climb with haste from the foredeck and make his way unto the stern. There he climbed quickly unto the reardeck and moved to Naguib's side. He leaned close but still I heard his words. He spoke urgently. 'We must sail away from this vessel Naguib. It is cursed. Look to the rigging and tell me what you see.' As he spoke I looked again at the strange vessel. My eyes were drawn again to the fruits that hung from the ropes. What can these be I wondered. But my question was answered then by the words that Omar spoke. They turned my blood unto ice.
'They are heads Naguib' said Omar, his voice urgent and shaking. 'The heads of men. Taken and shrunken by the Head Takers, the Eaters of Flesh, shrunken until they hang like the devil's fruit, their eyes boiled until they burst, their mouths filled with worms and beetles, their lips laced with thongs of leather. It is the devil's fruit Naguib. Turn our ship away. Turn our ship away now.'
I saw the fear rise in Naguib's eyes and I felt my heart thump in my chest. What kind of men are these that they would take another man's head and boil and shrink it till it looked no more than a dried and blackened gourd? It was then that I saw movement among the ropes and masts of the strange vessel. Small beings moved in the tangle of ropes and timbers, no larger than is a child of ten summers, their heads no more than might touch upon my shoulder. Children I thought, there are children upon the strange vessel.
I felt the anger rise within my chest for nowhere upon the strange craft could I see a full grown man or woman. What men it is that could leave children untended in the middle of this vast ocean? What sort of cruelty was this, what uncertain fate? But then another thought came unto me. Perhaps the elders had died of a pestilence. Perhaps the children were unclean, riven with disease and sickness and seeking to bring death unto our ship. But of course they were not children. For as I watched and wondered I saw that they raised long sticks to their mouths and pointed these towards our ship. Our ship now had come close by the side of the raft and was not more than fifty cubits distant. But fifty cubits? If only we had not drawn so near.

* * *

While Naguib held our tiller firm in the breeze, our ship drew close by the floating raft, many of us gathered by the railing, staring upon the strange craft and upon the small beings that moved about upon its decks and in its rigging. No thought did we give to danger for what was there to fear? Mere children? Alone? Upon a raft in the midst of this great ocean? This indeed was a puzzle. Then we heard the cry of Mushariff. And then the scream of Omar the Centurion, who stood nearby the foredeck.
When we turned and looked to the foredeck we saw that Omar had fallen, and lay screaming and kicking his legs upon the wide timbers. Omar's arms were held tight by Mushariff, who struggled against Omar's great strength but still called to us to seek shelter behind the railing. 'Seek shelter' he cried. 'Do not let those on the raft see you. They shoot spears of poison upon us and have struck Omar in his eye.'
Cursing, we threw ourselves upon the deck. The Nubians all screamed and fell against the cabinets weeping. This was ever true, that when ill fortune came upon the Nubians they were of little aid, oft crying and weeping and praying and falling to their knees and so we paid them no heed. As I looked upon the Nubians I thought for some reason of the beetles in the granary and, as it is when the bags of grain are moved, that the beetles will scurry and run without direction. So it was with the Nubians. I spat upon the deck. Let them weep. I joined quickly with Minkaff and we crawled across the deck to the side of Mushariff. We saw that Omar had indeed been struck with a small spear, its tip deep within his eye, his eye now so sore and weeping such that it looked as if a large fruit had shattered upon his face. A strange white froth came from its edge and its colour, where before it was of a deep brown, was now as the colour of cow's milk. Omar made soft cries of pain and turned his head from one side unto the other.
Gase, who was stronger of mind than the other Nubians, also crawled across the deck and looked upon Omar's eye. Gase knew the skill of the physician and many times had healed broken fingers or burned hands. And sometimes even the strange sickness of the sea, when he mixed potions and had us drink of these with water and the juices of fruits that we gathered on the shore. After we had taken such potions we were again able to walk happily upon the deck and eat of Minkaff's cooking without spilling if forth into the ocean.
Gase looked upon Omar's eye and said 'The eye is dead. We must take it from his head.' Minkaff cried out that this could not be so. I cried out also. But Gase put his hand upon Omar's head. 'It must be taken' he said. 'The spear is tipped with a potion. If the eye is not taken the potion will find its way to his heart. He will die.' With this Gase took from his jerkin a small spoon of wood and, with a strong sweep of his hand, scooped Omar's eye from his face. Omar screamed and fell senseless to the deck, as if dead. The Nubians screamed as one and cowered at the railing. Minkaff also fell to the deck, his dinner spilling from his mouth. I cried out again and fell back against the railing, for the terrible eye, now a rotting swollen gourd covered with milky oils and blood, had fallen into my loincloth. I cried out again and threw it from me such that it fell through the railing and into the waves. The Nubians screamed again. Naguib looked upon all and shook his head.
When I looked back to our starboard I saw that Naguib had turned our ship away from the raft, and that it lay now greater than ten score cubits to our stern. I kissed the amulet at my throat and, as I raised my head above the railing, prayed that this was too great a distance for the small beings to throw their tiny spears. The small beings on the raft still clung to the rigging and moved about at the base of the mast. I could see in their hands long thin sticks. Sometimes one of the small beings would raise the stick to his mouth and a small white puff of smoke would fly from the end of the stick. Then I saw, fast in the railing nearby my head, a small spear, such as the one that struck Omar. I knew then that the white puff that I had seen was but the small spear flying to us across the water. I looked to each side on the railing and saw many more, and when I looked behind to the kitchen cabinets I saw yet more of the tiny spears stuck fast into the timbers, as if a small forest of tiny trees with white leaves had grown from the wood.
The small spears were taken from a wood that we had not seen before, so hard as to be of onyx and black in colour as are the coals of our fire when cold. Each spear was all but a cubit in its length, its girth not that of my smallest finger, its point sharpened to that of a needle and painted with a black potion and, at its helm, a small tuft of soft white strands in the shape of a tiny gourd, beaten as if from the stems of reeds. I looked again over the railing, with great caution, but the raft had drifted far from our ship. No more could the small dark ones throw their spears at us. I stood and walked to the reardeck where Naguib stood fast by the tiller arm Gase and Minkaff had taken Omar to the lower deck to tend his eye. Isesi and Mashane were moving around the deck, cutting the small spears from the timbers and casting them into the sea, taking care to touch not the spear nor the potion upon their skins. The other Nubians still crouched at the railing below the reardeck. Of what use could they be, I asked myself, should we fall into more danger? The Omars had not moved and sat nearby the Nubians, chewing leaves and spitting into the water. They sniffed and cast looks of contempt at the Nubians.
I turned to Naguib. 'How is it that the small beings on the raft threw their spears so far Naguib? Is it sorcery that they use?'
'No Agi. They use a hollow reed. I saw this once, many years past, in the far south. The small spear is placed into the hollow within the reed. The reed is then carried to the mouth and much breath is forced inside the hollow. Each of the spears has a ball of twine at its base, such that it captures the breath and thus it may fly from the reed.'
'But so far Naguib?'
'Far indeed Agi. For the spears are sharp and as a feather in the wind, such that they fly for many cubits, mayhap three score.' Naguib spat, then looked to the opening to the lower decks. 'What of Omar?' he asked.
'Gase and Minkaff are tending his wound. It was a terrible sight Naguib. His eye?'. But as I spoke, Minkaff came from the lower deck, and joined us upon the reardeck. His eyes were dark with worry.
'Omar's eye is gone Naguib. In his face there is now a pit, dark and bloody, where once lay his eye. It is terrible to behold for the wound is deep, and such that the egg of a large sea bird might be placed within. Gase has mixed a paste of leaves and berries and mud and the web of spiders and he has filled the wound. He says it will take a half score of days before we see Omar walk again upon the deck.'
'Does Omar speak?' asked Naguib.
Minkaff nodded. 'He does. He is a strong man. He says the pain is as if a fire now burns where once his eye lay. But still he sits upon the deck and takes water and tea and speaks with Gase. He is a man of great strength. I thank the Gods for he has been saved. And I thank the Gods for Gase. who is a skilled physician. When Omar fell to the deck and his eye became poisoned and rotten Gase struck like an eagle, and took the poisoned eye from Omar's head before the poison could move unto his heart.'
Naguib nodded but said nothing, placing his hands upon the tiller arm and his face to the wind. Behind us the wake of our ship cut white through the greens and blues of the waves. Already the raft was gone from our sight. Before us stretched still boundless ocean. Our sails were full and the breeze came hard from our port side, such that our mighty ship leaned heavily into the waves, foam and water breaking hard along our starboard side as we journeyed north. I touched the amulet at my throat. I prayed that Omar would heal quickly and walk again among us before too many days had passed. I prayed also for a safe journey, as I had prayed so many times since we had left the port of Heliopolis. I felt a wave of sadness pass through me for not once had the Gods heard my prayers. Or so I believed. But still I prayed.

* * *

(Here endeth the second night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine - scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Alexandria in the fourth year of the Ox. Imhotep has also attended but has made tea of such terrible taste that Agymah has cast it upon the floor and in this has broken a fine cup, brought forth on the long journeys of Agymah and his wife, Eti. Her sadness shows in her eyes. Agymah would not speak of it and has gone again to visit his friend Nedemeb to play backgammon. Agymah's brother Djosur, who is now also white of hair, has joined them. Such is the life of a scribe.)
Partha
(Here is written the third night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Agymah remains flatulent after dining on dates and smoked fish with his brother Djosur and his good friend Nedemeb. Eti, Agymah's wife, has made fast the broken cup with a paste of mud and bone. It is not so comely but holds wine or water without loss. Imhotep is no longer permitted to prepare tea but may assist with the grinding of ink. He also assists with cutting and pressing of papyrus.)
The fog rolled thick and white through the rigging of our mighty ship. The sails and ropes dripped with dew and the decks were black and wet such that our sandals slipped easily across the timbers. Beneath us the seas rolled dark and green, the tops of the waves covered with yellow foam, its colour that of sickness and pestilence. Four score of days had passed since we left the Golden Isles and for all of that time the wind had been steady at our back, the sails filled, the mast timbers crying out as our mighty ship leaned into the waves. We had risen as we did each morning, before the first light, taking our breakfast with Minkaff then running to the sails at Naguib's call.
The weather was kind with strong winds and steady seas, though we had seen the sun on but a handful of days. Yet each day was warmer that the one that went before, such that our brows were always wet and our faces ever darker, our sleep troubled by the itch of beetles and other small creatures. And for two days now we had watched the clouds to our south. For each day they grew darker and the waves that now flowed beneath us were the length of our great ship, such that when at the top of the wave we rode upon a mountain and when at the bottom of the wave we sailed deep in a valley of darkest green.
I stood at the tiller beside one of the Omars from Thebes, our eyes turned to the south. That a new storm came I did not doubt and I felt the chill of ice in my heart. I passed my eyes across the yellowed sails and the tired ropes of our ship, across the cabinets and the railings that we had repaired, across the reardeck and the foredeck, the timbers still gleaming in reds and golds, the bright colours paling as each day passed. Was our mighty ship strong enough to take us through another storm I asked of myself. The gods had been kind but when might they turn against us?
We watched Naguib passing along the decks, his fingers plucking at ropes and knots and the wooden pins that secured these unto the railings. I saw his eyes move to the mast and sails before turning and staring, as did we all, at the darkness gathering at our stern. He saw that I watched him and a frown passed across his face before he turned away. I again felt a shiver of ice upon my body. I trusted Naguib with my life. Indeed all on board trusted and respected Naguib for he had proved, many times, to be a true master of our mighty ship. And a true leader of our band. But when a leader shows fear or doubt not a day might pass that the worm of worry will find its way into the hearts of all that follow.
When at last the wind began to rise, stripping the tops from the waves and flinging clots of yellow foam upon our decks, Naguib called loudly and we ran to the sails, pulling upon the ropes and rolling the sails until only the barest of cloth remained open to the wind. Naguib and the Omars tied thick hempen ropes unto the tiller and lashed these also unto the railing, such that the tiller could not move more than two cubits from one side unto the other. 'We must keep the ship as one with the wind.' said one of the Omars from Thebes.
I ran to the kitchen to aid Minkaff as he lashed his vats to the cabinets beneath the mast. Then, as the sky began to darken and the wind rose to a shriek I ran to the lower deck and covered myself with the yellowed leather tunic and worn leggings. The wind and the water were not yet cold upon my skin yet I knew how this might change in but the blink of an eye. I saw that the others had done as I, clothing themselves in leathers before running to their allotted places upon the decks.
As I climbed to the reardeck and joined the Omars at the tiller I saw that the storm was close. Far to the south the sky and the sea were as one, the darkness split now and then by the silver spears of Osiris. Cold rain rattled upon my leathers and I saw small pieces of hail clatter across the deck. Isesi and Omar of Luxor crouched nearby. I looked to the bow and saw that Minkaff and the Nubians were clustered beneath the foredeck, thick ropes tied about their bodies, the Nubian's eyes as always bright with fear. I looked again to our stern. True, the storm came fast upon us, the clouds lit with inner light, the wind like the scream of the Beast. Yet our ship still moved lightly upon the seas, carving its path through the dark waters and riding with ease across the waves.
While the sails of our mighty ship filled with wind and we ran before the storm the god's hurled their lightning bolts into the sea and the wind screamed through our ropes and spars. The winds roared as if from the throats of the demons of hell. Nay, it was as if from the throats of the gods of the underworld themselves. I felt my skin freeze. I could not breath, as if a hand had crushed my heart. What now I thought as I turned to Naguib and Omar on the reardeck. But there was only fear in Naguib's eyes as he and Omar lashed themselves more tightly to the tiller. I fell to my knees near the Nubians and lashed my forearm unto the railing. Neither wind nor wave would take me and, as the wind began to howl and the waves rose, I closed my eyes and prayed.

* * *

When the storm struck our mighty ship it screamed as if in pain. Timbers groaned as they twisted in the swirling waters, ropes played the sounds of a thousand wasps as the wind whipped and tore at our rigging. A kitchen cabinet broke apart and Minkaff's pots clattered about the deck, rolling into the railing beside the Nubians. I saw Mushariff quickly scoop a handful of gruel and take it to his mouth. Even in the midst of this howling darkness was it only food that he could think of?
The sea rose beneath us, the waves a large as the pyramids, their crests covered in foam the colour of dirty bones. All around the air was filled with lightning bolts, their light flashing on the rigging and the bright fear in our eyes. Then, in one terrible moment, one of the Nubians, Partha by name but not one that I knew well, released the bonds that held him to the railing and ran to the mast. I could see that he wished to lash himself unto the strong timbers. But as he ran across the streaming deck his sandal caught upon the largest of the pots that had fallen from the cabinets. He stumbled then quickly grasped the pot and made to cast it aside, and in that moment the Gods took him to themselves.
For as Partha raised the heavy pot Osiris roared in the heavens above and struck together his mighty hammers and cast down his spear of light upon Partha. The light was so bright that I could not see for long moments, but the image of Partha was burned forever into my soul. For as he had raised the pot so a spear of lightning appeared above him and struck with the speed of a thousand asps, driving its silver lance into the top of Partha's head and through his body and into the deck of our mighty ship. It seemed in that moment that Partha became as if a statue, as the lightning journeyed through his body, his mouth open wide as if a scream of pain but no words could I hear, his eyes bulging from his head as do those of the damned, his hands clawed, his body twisted as are those of the street beggars of Alexandria. Then, with a crack louder than that of the Pharaoh's whip, Partha's body fell to the deck, his hair and loin cloth aflame, his sandals smoking, his body shaking so greatly that his legs knocked upon the deck until, with a strange choking sound that seemed to come from deep within, his body stilled. We knew not if he was alive or dead. The other Nubians screamed. One, Sione, fell senseless against the railing, his body limp as if death also had claimed him. Only Gase did not scream or sob. Only Gase was of such courage as to watch unfearing, his face solemn, his eyes dark, his huge arms unmoving, while around him his comrades screamed and wept and cried out in fear as do babies.
But the worst was not yet upon us. For as Partha's body smoked and steamed upon the foredeck the storm beat down upon us with even greater fury. Water swirled through the railings, soaking us in freezing spray and foam and, even if the days be so hot, still the water was as ice upon our bodies. The boiling waves took Partha's body across the deck and threw it upon the base of the kitchen cabinets. Then, as the water swirled again through the railings and across our decks, Partha's body came to rest at the legs of the Nubians. All screamed as one, and two began to claw at the ropes that held them safe. Only Sione did not move for he lay senseless still, his body washing to and fro in the swirling waters. It was only the rope at his forearm that was his savior for without it the waves and the storm may have carried him away. But yet another wave crashed across our decks, the water cold and black and clotted with foam. I saw another of the kitchen cabinets break open and Minkaff's pots scatter into the waters. They were gone through the railing and into the seas in but a moment. All were lost. And lost also was Partha, his body swept from one side of the deck unto the other, until a final surge of water and he was gone, through the opening in the railings and into the depths of the great ocean. The Nubians howled again, their eyes white and staring, their skins and tunics wet and shining, their skin silver in the flashes of lightning, their arms outstretched as if they called to Partha and that he should rise again and return from the seas.
But of course this was not to be. Partha had gone to the deep and still the storm raged. Each man on board held tight to his ropes, praying that the knots secured him safely to our ship. The wind howled and icy spray and foam washed across our backs. The tiller was lashed tight and held by Naguib and the Omars such that our ship ran before the storm. We prayed again that it took us north. And we prayed that we should not strike any rocks or low isles as we would surely perish. It was a night of misery, of freezing cold and black water and icy rain. And many prayers. Our ship had endured many storms. Greater storms than this. All knew the night must end. And all prayed that the end would come quickly.

* * *

We ran before the storm for two days and two terrible nights, our arms lashed to the railings or to the tiller arm, our bodies whipped by fierce winds and icy sheets of water, our muscles frozen, our bodies shaking with cold. But at last the winds began to ease and the mist and low clouds upon the ocean began to lift and the sun showed itself, weak behind the thin clouds far above. All around us the seas ran high, the waves surging higher than the tip of our tallest mast, their peaks tipped with clotted foam. But our ship road easily upon the seas, a fair wind at our stern, the waters breaking green and white beneath our bow. Two of the Nubians went to the foredeck to watch for shoals and low islands. They were joined by the other Nubians, and we watched as a small prayer was said for Partha. Then, as a pale sun fell towards the edge of the sea, Gase climbed below to tend again to Omar. All other Nubians moved to the kitchen to assist Minkaff, for all on board were hungry.
While Minkaff clattered in the kitchen and the Nubians set the fires and put vats upon the lighted coals, Gase came forth, followed by Omar, holding fast to Gase's shoulder. It was greater than a half score of days that had passed since Omar had been wounded but still he walked as if soaked with wine, his head bound with a leather thong, a patch of leather at his eye. Gase said that he had shaped the leather patch to cover only the eye until healed and to secure within it a poultice of mud and herbs, mixed with the web of spiders. He said that Gase should wear the patch henceforth, for it was more comely than an open wound. Indeed, it was as if a pit has been opened in the face of Omar. It was a terrible sight. Gase also said that when Omar was healed, the patch and thong might be taken from the head and the wound might be filled with an orb carved of wood or of stone and painted such that an eye gazed forth. He said that he had seen such eyes among the warlike Summerians, who fought always among themselves such that wounds of the face were many. He said that the Summerians oft took up stones, rubbed with sand until smooth and bright, placing these within the wound and painting upon them in the shape of the eye. He said also that sometimes wood was taken and carved and painted but that this did not have the comfort of the smooth stone when fitted to the wound. He said also that eyes of stone or wood, though strange when first seen and if painted in bright colours, soon were not so but became such that no man would stare or speak of it and that it might be soon forgotten.
Though many days had passed that Omar's eye was taken, still we saw that the sickness was upon him and that many more days must pass before his strength could return to his body. Even now, as he lay beside the kitchen, speaking with Minkaff and taking tea we saw that he was as if an old man, his muscles weak, his shoulders low, his face haunted. I saw also that a black hole now showed in his mouth, below the leather patch. I turned to Naguib.
'His skin is yellow Naguib. And a tooth has fallen from his jaw. I saw on a day past that Mashane also has taken a tooth from his mouth. Is there a pestilence upon us?'
Naguib watched Omar for many moments, then shook his head. 'No Agi. He speaks with Minkaff and, when healed, will return to his duties strong as he once was. But his skin is indeed yellow. And yes, I see that a tooth also has fallen from his mouth and that there is a sickness upon us. But it is not a pestilence Agi, it is our food. Our journey has been long and filled with hardship. Many days it is that we have eaten well but so too have there been many days that Minkaff's fish is all we see within our bowls. We eat much food, truly, but always it is of fish, or sometimes a seabird. But the birds taste also of fish. And it is many days now that we have not seen an island. No Agi. It is that our fruits and berries must be replenished.'
In the failing light I could see the whites of Naguib's eyes as he spoke. 'But our bellies are full.' I said. 'Do we not have fish enough for many days.'
'As a child my mother told us often of the need for a table of many foods. She spoke of meats and cheeses, of grains and fruits, of the roots of plants and green leaves, of ears of corn and spices. She told us that many foods will keep a man strong and quickly heal his wounds. I have seen the truth of this many times in my travels. When men spend too long with only meat or bread they begin to weaken. Their eyes grow dull and their muscles waste. And their breath grows foul, as that of a latrine, and their teeth loosen in their heads and might sometimes be pulled from their jaws as if held only by a gossamer.'
'But we are not weakened' I said. 'We have spent many days of rest on the Golden Isles. And eaten well of many foods. Our friends are all strong, and the Nubians also.'
Naguib shook his head. 'No Agi, this is not so. It is true that all have their bellies filled but still all are hungry.' He opened his mouth and pulled upon on of his teeth. They stood within his mouth, strong and yellow, the colour of old bones. 'Even I feel that sometimes I might pull a tooth.' he said. 'It would need little strength, no more than that as to crush the egg of a small bird.'
As Naguib held the tiller arm I looked out across the dark waters. It was now four score of days had passed that we sailed from the Golden Isles. And greater than a score of days that we had not seen landfall to gather fruits or berries. Minkaff had become a cook of some skill but his kitchen held only fish and not a half score of the eggs of the Devil Bird. No nuts or berries or fruits remained. Also empty was our barrel of porridge though, and I speak the truth, all on board were happy that the weevils and the sour grains were no more. Sometimes Isesi and Mashane brought down one of the large seabirds that drifted long on the winds above the peak of our mast, their wings spread wide as two men, mayhap eight or even ten cubits. But these birds tasted also of fish and their flesh gave up a smell of oils when cooked upon the coals. Even the Omars, ever hungry, would not eat of these birds. I was not so proud.
Naguib was true in what he said. Fruit and berries we must have and so we must find a landfall. But the seas stretched dark and green to the far horizon. I cast my eyes to all sides but no land could I see, for the sun was now falling into the sea and the night was all but upon us. I looked unto the heavens and saw that Naguib held us firm under the North Star. As the North Star lay above our starboard side I knew that we sailed north and west. On the fore deck I saw that Sione and Asan kept watch, their eyes cast forward so that they might call a warning should rocks or shoals come upon us. I kissed the amulet at my throat and said a small prayer that they might have the eyes of eagles. Then I climbed unto the main deck and joined Minkaff, the Omars and Gase at the kitchen. I asked Minkaff what he had cooked. Of course I said this in jest for his cabinets and vats held only scraps. I laughed, but Minkaff saw no mirth in my words and so did not speak with me. But on that day I was not to eat, indeed none on board would eat, for as I carried my bowl unto the railing I heard Sione's voice from the bow.
'Off our port bow.' he cried. 'Land. I see land.'

* * *

(Here endeth the third night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine - scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Agymah has again gone to see his brother Djosur, who is a baker of many breads. Agymah will purchase sweetbreads with which he will atone to his wife Eti for the cup that he cast upon the floor. But I think that he must do more to take the sadness from her eyes. Imhotep has ruined another fine batch of papyrus and has prepared ink that is thick with sand and earth such that neither ink nor papyrus can now be used. For this he and Paser have been banished and have gone unto the market to sell goats. Again, such is the life of a scribe.)
The Ha'ka
(Here is written the fourth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Agymah has returned with many sweetbreads but his wife, Eti, remains saddened by the loss of her cup. The cup was indeed beautiful, presented to her by her mother Xen Li, so many years ago, when she chose to leave her family and her homeland to be with my father. Imhotep has returned from the souq, drunken and loud, having sold many goats. Imhotep's brother, Kawab, has also joined us. Indeed I have always thought Kawab to be a goat, for he has great love of potions and oils and finest of cloths. Kawab's hands are soft as are those of a baby and his hair is curled. He wears kohl upon his eyes. He is indeed a prancing goat. Paser has not returned.)
Land! At last! But the night had come upon us and we could not see our way forward. Naguib called for the Nubians at the bow to throw the drop lines such that we did not strike upon shoals or run our mighty ship upon the shoreline in the darkness. In but a moment Sione called that we sailed in waters no deeper than two score of cubits. With land so near we could not sail onward into the night and so Naguib called that our anchors be loosed. Our anchor lines were far greater in their length, mayhap five score, than was the water deep beneath our keel and so we loosed our anchors as the last rays of the sun fell from the clouds. We ran to the sails and pulled on the ropes of our rigging and tied our sails tight unto the masts. I looked to the west in the hope that I might see the land, but in the falling light I could see only the sea and the sky as one, the horizon lost in darkness.
As our ship settled upon the water, the anchor ropes stretched tight to the fore, all on board joined Minkaff in the kitchen where there was much chatter and laughter and taking of tea. It had been many days now that we had not seen land, not even the smallest of islands. I knew that many of my comrades would indeed welcome our return to the shore, for so long had we been at sea that all now walked strangely, their bodies rolling from one side unto the other. Mushariff cast a leather pail into the water and when pulled forth it was filled with leaves and mud and the small branches of trees and bushes. Mushariff sniffed at the water. 'This is not of the ocean.' he said. 'We sail in fresh water.' There was more laughter and chatter for it was that fresh water so far from the shore could come only from a river of great size. And a river of great size did not flow from the shores of only an island.
The night was long and the winds quiet, the air warm upon our skins, and so all slept upon the decks, faces turned unto the stars. As the first light began to rise a heavy mist came around our ship, crawling through the rigging and along the decks, touching our faces with wet fingers and settling light drops of dew upon our hair. But as always, the sun rose in the heavens, its fierce beams burning away the mist in swirls and gusts. And we beheld a wondrous sight.
Before our mighty ship stretched a wide stream, coloured red with mud, with many leaves and bushes floating upon it. And beneath our ship the wide torrent flowed, pulling our anchor rope tight and sweeping even the logs of trees onward in its grasp. In the far distance, many cubits from our ship, stretched a shoreline of low green hills, their sides steep and covered in the deep greens of trees and, in some places, cut red where the land had fallen to the water, such that the bright red earth beneath could be seen. And behind the hills, majestic and tall, and lost into the distance and limitless in number, stretched even more hills, many tall and rounded and shrouded in cloud and mist, some with walls of broken black rock, streaked with green and white, some covered in the thick green of forest, others lost from sight in the clouds that swirled about them.
Then Naguib called to us, for the wind was light but from the south, such that we might sail onward into the wide river. We ran to set the sails then ran again to the fore deck. Naguib called for all to keep watch. 'The river is flooding' he said. 'Keep watch as it may be filled with the logs of large trees. And know also that if the river is high it may hide rocks that other times we might see. Take care and keep your eyes to the fore.'
For half a day we sailed slowly into the mouth of a mighty river, our sails flapping in the light breezes, Naguib cursing at the tiller arm as he turned our ship many times to capture the winds. Even now, with the green hills stretching far behind us and to both sides of our ship, the river was wider than is the Nile, greater than many thousands of cubits, mayhap even four, or five thousand, further than even the strongest archer might cast an arrow. Our ship moved only slowly upon the river, for the strength of the wind was but a little greater than the speed of the swollen waters that flowed beneath us. Sione and Asan sat upon the bow and cast the drop lines so that we might know how deep the stream. But the water ran so quickly, and so many trees and branches were carried within it, that the drop lines were swept away. And when the drop line swept beneath our ship and became entangled with the huge tiller at our stern Naguib became angry and shouted that they should not again cast the lines.
As we passed up the river between the green hillsides we saw small animals hanging in the trees. The animals were white and black with small heads, yet with long arms and legs and even longer tails. And mayhap the size of a runtish pig, though the distance was great and so many years have passed that my memories are all but lost. Clouds swirled at the tops of the hills and across the hills behind. Though the sun was not much past the mid point of the day shadows now fell across the decks of our ship, for some hillsides were now so tall and so close by the water's edge that the sun was shut quickly from the sky. Naguib pulled on the tiller arm and our ship turned yet again, to follow the shifting breezes that gusted and swirled upon the river. In the far distance the sun fell behind a distant hill, casting ever deeper shadows upon the river. It was then that we saw the village. It was but a small number of dwellings, mayhap a score, some of timber, some of stone, their tops covered with heavy woven grasses or rounded tiles. Smoke drifted from openings in the top of the dwellings and as we drew close we saw that nearby the small houses stood many small carts, smaller than is a chariot yet with but one wheel. What strange thinking was this? And nearby the small carts were long racks, each built on poles of wood. We could not see what it was that hung upon the racks but each rack was filled.
We were but two hundred cubits off the shore of the village when we heard the first cries. Many people ran from the small houses, mayhap four or even five score. As our ship came now close by the shore we could see clearly their faces and their clothes and we cried out in surprise. For many were clad in fine cloth. At least it seemed to us to be fine cloth, of reds and golds and yellows and whites and drawn with fine symbols and shapes. Their shoes were also beautiful, the toes sweeping to a sharp point but curled upward towards the knee and also of bright colours and shapes. On some we saw the gleam of pearls or mayhap gems. At this I cast my eye toward my comrades. Would the evil djinn of greed rise again? I looked at Isesi and felt a small spear of ice at my neck, for his eyes yearned. But it was gone in an instant, for he felt my eyes upon him and turned to me and put happiness upon his face. But my heart did not warm for I had seen the hunger in his eyes.
As I stared upon the people of the village I judged that many of the men stood a hand span above me, though many others would not reach unto my chin. Some of the men wore beards that hung below their chin, and all wore hair cut short but for a high top knot and a long strand worn high at the back of the head. I saw on some men that the nail of their smallest finger was held uncut, stretching on some a hands breath for the end of their finger. This I judged to be a vanity, that these were those of the village that did not labour as did the others but paraded their idleness for all to see. These men also wore fine cloth. But others wore cloth of many colours, sometimes worn and ragged, their hands coarse and rough but strong to behold. These I knew to be the farmers and those that labour at the pleasure of the merchant. So it was before me and so it was in my homeland. In truth it is as my father has said to me, that all men are but cut from the same cloth.
Many of the women, though not so tall as were the men, I judged to stand such they would look into my eyes. And many were shapely though some also were large of body. All had skin of purest alabaster but touched also with a colour of the softest of golds. Their hair was black as pitch and shone as does the oil in our lamps. Indeed the hair of the women was truly beautiful, long and black and gleaming with light and hanging from their heads so far as unto their waist. Many were clad as were the men, in fine robes of colour. But many also wore the faded cloth of the worker. But as our ship grounded gently at the edge of their shore, and we stared with wonder at their beauty and colour, they fell upon their knees and cried out, the women weeping, the children screaming. Even the men bowed their heads and clasped their hands one unto the other. After much sobbing and weeping all turned and ran to their dwellings. The doors and shutters were drawn and we heard the rattle of locks and cross bars.
I felt Naguib's hand fall upon my shoulder, his breath close by my face. 'Why do you think they cry in fear Agi? I will tell you. Look upon their beauty, then look upon ours. Do you not see that we are as if a band of brigands unto their eyes. Is this not what they look upon? But thieves and bandits? I think we must treat them kindly.' At Naguib's words I looked again at my comrades. It was true. We did look as if a band of brigands, our hair wild and curled in whites and yellows, our beards ragged and coarse, our bodies burned and darkened by the sun, our muscles and bones clear beneath our skin, our loincloths rotting, our sandals twisted and worn in the salt and the water. And our ship, though sturdy and of many repairs, lay upon the shore, its timbers mottled in greens and whites and faded reds and golds, its sails brown and yellowed, its many ropes hanging shredded and rough from hard toil and whitened by the salt and the sun. To those on the shore it must have been as if a band of demons had come unto their shores, riding upon a ship that sailed from the afterworld. I too would flee, screaming, was it that such a band had come upon me.

* * *

But we did not dwell long upon the fears of the villagers for our first task must be to secure our ship unto the shore. The Omars and the Nubians leapt from the deck into the waters beside our ship, as did I, grasping upon the ropes thrown by Isesi and Mashane. We took the ropes and hauled until our keel was close upon the edge of the river then carried the ropes unto the trees that grew mayhap three score of cubits from the water. There we cast the ropes about the trunks of the trees and made knots to hold fast our ship. Naguib, a man of practical mind but always one to worry greatly, ran many times from the foredeck unto the reardeck and then again from the reardeck unto the foredeck, his sandals flapping upon the timbers, his eyes cast always to the waters below. 'Do not ground us so much that we cannot free our ship.' he called. But our ship, secured by the hempen ropes and the sturdy trees, swung freely in the stream, only the bow grounded hard upon the mud at the river's edge. Naguib and Isesi and Mashane leapt from the deck and joined us on the muddy land nearby the cluster of dwellings. Minkaff remained on board and watched from his kitchen, Omar the Centurion beside him, his fingers plucking at his patch of leather.
Naguib walked to a nearby dwelling, a house with walls hewn of timber, with fine carvings at the doors and ironwork set upon the windows. Many dwellings were covered in thick woven grasses but the roof of this house was made of long tiles, made of the mud of the river, rounded in the shape of small barrels as those that store our water and shining in colours of deepest green or brightest yellow. At the peak of the roof of the house, set at each end, sat a small statue of a dragon, made also from the mud of the river, its colour also a deep green with stripes of yellow. At the doorstep we saw a row of sandals at one side, at the other a small garden, with flowers of yellow and white. From inside the dwelling we heard the chatter of the people, and sometimes a wail, as if a woman or a child cried out. Naguib strode onto the doorstep and struck upon the door. There was a shriek inside the house, then all was quiet.
After long moments there was much clatter, a shaking of the door, then a loud creaking sound as the door opened and a man stepped from the house and stood upon the doorstep. This we knew to be the headman of the village, for his garments were fine and coloured of deepest blue, his hair black and oiled, a strange hat upon his head, also black, and made from fine cloth and hung with beads. He stepped forward, his face fearful but his shoulders straight. I saw that his hands were soft, as are those sometimes of women or of young girls. The nails upon his fingers were as if the claws of an eagle but longest of all upon his smallest finger. He put one hand upon his chest and spoke. 'Liu Sheng.' he said. Then he tapped his chest again. 'Liu Sheng.' We knew that he spoke his name.
Naguib stared at the headman then brought up his hand and struck his chest three times. 'Naguib.' he said. 'Naguib.' Liu Sheng put together his hands and touched these unto his forehead and bowed toward Naguib. Naguib then put together his hands and also touched these unto his head and bowed unto Liu Sheng. I remembered Naguib's warnings when we ate with the men of the Golden Isles. 'Pay heed to the customs of our hosts and we will return safely to our ship, our minds at rest, our bellies filled with food.' At this I cast my eyes to Isesi. For all but he had heeded Naguib's words. And for this my friends Douwwi and Passine had paid with their lives. I looked for the Omars and saw that they watched me. I tipped my head towards Isesi and both Omars nodded. They would watch over him and protect us. I knew also that Mashane watched over Isesi, for never had he forgiven the touch of fire upon his head. I knew too that he would take his revenge, but I knew not when.
Two men came from the house, each carrying a chair of wood, painted in reds and golds. These were set upon the doorstep and Liu Sheng and Naguib sat upon them. A woman of the village also came forth bearing cups filled with tea, the cups of fine white stone, coloured with soft reds and blues and yellows. While Liu Sheng and Naguib drank of the tea all others in our band crouched upon the muddy shore, behind us our mighty ship. Many eyes watched us at the windows of the houses. At one house the door opened and a small child came forth. I did not know if it was a boy child or a girl child for its hair was long and black and tied such that it fell down its back in a braided rope, its clothes also of fine cloth and with shoes of cloth and wood upon its feet, painted also in reds and golds. The child stood upon the step, one hand held to its mouth, staring upon us until two arms came forth and carried the child back into the house and the door closed and we heard the rattle of the locks.
Naguib spoke with the headman, asking the name of the village and what land was this that we had come upon. Naguib knew that Liu Sheng did not speak the Egyptian tongue but all good men would so speak when first they meet. And as Naguib spoke so did Liu Sheng nod many times. But he did not speak. After many moments he lifted his arm and two men came forth. It was they who had carried the chairs. Liu Sheng spoke with each in his tongue and they ran to one of the houses, not far distant, where they struck upon the door. In but a moment they returned, with them a man who stood a full head above his comrades, his head shaven of hair, his face with little flesh upon the bones, his eyes deep and dark. He was dressed in the clothes of the farmer, his feet bound in cloth and clotted with mud, his tunic covered also with mud and pieces of straw. I saw that his hands were as large as my two hands when held together. His shoulders were strong and wide, mayhap near two cubits. He was indeed a giant.
Liu Sheng looked at Naguib and pointed to the tall man. 'Zhao Cheung' he said. Then Liu Sheng spoke with Zhao Cheung, pointing sometimes at our mighty ship and sometimes to our band and Naguib. After many moments Zhao Cheung bowed his head three times to Liu Sheng, turned to Naguib and spoke. Naguib listened to Zhao Cheung's words then turned, his eyes seeking mine.
'Agi' he called. 'I do not understand what Zhao Cheung speaks. But it sounds as does Summerian, or mayhap Galician. Call Omar from his bed. I know that he has spoken with the Summerians and the Galicians. Mayhap he will know the tongue of Zhao Cheung.'
I ran to the side of our ship and called unto Omar. He sat below the reardeck, leaning against the railing. I could see that the sickness was still upon him. 'Omar' I called 'Naguib asks that you come. He wishes that you speak with the tall man. His name is Zhao Cheung. Mayhap he has Summerian. Or even Galician.'
Omar stood and walked to the opening in the railings. With one hand he took hold of the ropes at the railing then swung down into the waters. Omar was still a strong man though was of poor colour and weakened from his terrible wound. He waded from the waters and into the red mud at the shore, then stamped his feet to shake the water from his leggings and walked to Naguib's side. Liu Sheng's helpers had brought forth two small cabinets, black in colour with the shine of polished onyx, each set with silver markings upon the sides and also upon the top. These they placed near to the chairs of Naguib and Liu Sheng such that when Zhao Cheung and Omar sat upon them their heads were lower by two hand spans than the heads of Liu Sheng and Naguib. This I saw to be yet more of the local customs that Naguib spoke of.
Omar was truly fearsome, his patch stretched tight across his cheek, his remaining eye glaring and yellowed, the skin of his face swollen and red and marked still by the stroke of Gase's spoon. His hair was long and rose above his head in a twisted nest of red and gold and brown. His beard too was long, stretching from his chin unto his breast, also a twisted nest of red and gold. His tunic was torn and burnt by the salt and the sun, his sandals curled and worn. His toenails were not so long as were the fingernails of Liu Sheng but still so long as to hang before his toes, broken and yellow and green and filled with grime. I saw that Liu Sheng and Zhao Cheung stared at Omar with horror. Liu Sheng held a scented cloth at his nose.
Zhao Cheung and Omar spoke many words such that the sun moved through the sky and the winds rose. Much time passed until Omar at last turned to Naguib and told of what he spoken with Zhao Cheung. Zhao Cheung also spoke with Liu Sheng and told of what he had spoken with Omar. This they did many times, all but a half score, such that our knees ached and our backs groaned as we waited for their chatter to be done. At last Naguib and Liu Sheng rose from their chairs. Zhao Cheung and Omar also stood and stepped down from the doorstep. Naguib and Liu Sheng touched hands and bowed their heads to each the other, then Liu Sheng turned and passed through the door and into the house and the door was closed. Naguib turned and joined Omar on the muddy shore. Zhao Cheung stood at the side of the house but said nothing, his dark eyes watching Naguib and Omar. Naguib pointed to the ship.
'We should all return to the ship' he said. 'Liu Sheng has said that he will take fruit and grain and other crops from his larder and these his comrades will carry unto our ship. For this we are most thankful for it has indeed been many days that we have not eaten of such food, fresh from the garden or from the field. And for this generosity we must make payment. Many fish we must take from our store and give of these to Liu Sheng's comrades. Minkaff. Can you see that this is so? We have good tidings and much to speak of and there is also much work to be done. But first we eat.'

* * *

(Here endeth the fourth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. I cannot forgive my father for his ill temper. The cup was greatly treasured by my mother.)
Liu Sheng barters with Naguib
(Here is written the fifth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
We sat upon the deck, our bowls filled with the fish cooked by Minkaff, seasoned with berries and the roots and leaves of other strange plants brought to us by the villagers. Naguib and Omar told us of their words with Liu Sheng and Zhao Cheung. Omar said that Zhao Cheung had travelled much when a younger man, far to the west and into the deserts and dry lands that lie beyond the mountains. These lands were many moons distant and to journey there was to face many dangers, for all the lands of the journey were peopled with strange beings; with brigands of many creeds, who would steal your life with no greater thought than they might take your bread; with beasts that roamed in the snow of the mountains, taking the unwary as they slept and storing their bodies deep in the icy wastes, as we might store nuts or berries in the barrels in the lower deck, to be feasted upon when other foods were scarce; with icy storms and swollen rivers, so cold as to take all warmth from your body and turn fingers and toes, and mayhap noses and ears, unto broken black twigs; with deserts so hot as to suck the water from your throat such that you fell to the sand as might fall a dried melon, and so wide as to see many moons pass before you had crossed into safety. Zhao Cheung had known many adventures as he journeyed in the west. He had seen the minarets of Damasc and Dunshanbe and Ashgabat, and travelled upon the River Oxus and learned to speak in the Summerian tongue, and spoken also with the Hittite and the merchants of Gonur, and trekked with camels the sands of the Takla Makan and the Kara-Kum. Thus it was that he and Omar could know the tongue of each the other.
Naguib said to us that he and Liu Sheng had spoken of many things with the aid of Zhao Cheung and Omar. Liu Sheng and Zhao Cheung spoke of a wide land, one that stretched for many moons to the north and to the south and to the west. Naguib said that no longer could we sail in our mighty ship but that we should now make ready to travel west across the wide land that Zhao Cheung had travelled. There was great chatter when Naguib told us that we must take leave of our ship for it was many moons, mayhap a score, or even more, that the ship was both our haven and our hearth. Much kindness had it shown us, its sturdy timbers beneath our feet, its sails full and tight above our heads. Through many storms it had protected us and carried the Beast and our band safely unto the Golden Isles and onward unto this land. Sad it would be that we should part with it. One of the Omars spoke, his mouth filled with fish and fruits, his hands wet with the grease and juices of our fine meal. 'What is this land Naguib? Where is it that we have come?'
Naguib looked upon us. 'Liu Sheng has said to us, through the voice of Zhao Cheung, that his village is of the clan of the Ha'ka and that to journey to the south and the north would see many more villages of the Ha'ka. But he said also that the great land, one that stretches to the south and the west and the north almost without end, is the kingdom of the Q'in. And the land is so named Q'in'a. The Ha'ka make payment in treasure unto the Q'in, as do all other peoples of the great land. It is after the season of the flood that the Q'in will come. The middle of their kingdom lies far to the north, many moons distant, even when riding upon camel or horse, but bands of Q'in roam always throughout the land, seeking plunder and sometimes taking even the women or children of the Ha'ka. Liu Sheng has cautioned us to take care if we are to travel to the west, that we should not meet with the Q'in for they are fierce and cruel. He has said that mayhap we travel in the darkness such that we might see their fires in the night and have warning and so turn away.'
'But our ship is our home Naguib'. The Omars sat close by the side of Mashane and Minkaff. All others sat nearby the railing. I knew that all hearts were heavy for to forsake our mighty ship, our home for so long, was a great sadness. Naguib's face also was dark with worry. He looked to all and spoke.
'It is not I alone that can so decree' he said. 'Nay. It is only that we should sit as men and take tea and broth and speak of this. For indeed have we been fortunate in our travels and our mighty ship, built of the strongest woods of Egypt, its sails of finest hemp, has carried us safely for many moons, across seas without end, through storms of ice and snow, keeping us safe from the rocks of the ocean and from men who would do us harm. So it is only as the crew of this mighty ship that we should decree our fates.' As Naguib spoke he looked into the eyes of all men, seeking that all men should speak from the heart.
'Our journey to our homeland must take us to the north and to the west for it was from the north and the west that we came, west upon the Sea of Medi, south along the coast of Maroc, and then far to the east across the freezing southern oceans unto Gond. So it is that we must journey again to the north and the west. Mayhap it is that before us lie only lands without end, great plains or mighty rivers, tall mountains or the hottest of deserts. Or mayhap it is all of this that will come to pass. The Ha'ka has said unto us that there is no sea upon which we might sail our mighty ship, that only a wide land lies before us . We have a guide, given by the kindness of Liu Sheng and Zhao Cheung, and for this we must thank the Gods. What say you comrades? If we choose to sail forth yet again we know not where we go, but should we seek to journey through the land of the Q'in, though it may be many moons, then surely will our path lead us unto our homeland.' Naguib said no mor but sat with his back to the mast, supping on the broth of Minkaff's vats.
I knew in my heart that we must leave the ship and I knew that all others also knew this, but still a sadness was upon me. The Omars sat nearby and did not speak. They were ever the silent ones. There was much chatter of the Nubians and of Minkaff and Mushariff and Isesi, but Omar the Centurion did not speak. After many moments there was silence and all looked to Naguib. Naguib stood and looked to each man, seeking their assent as they bowed their heads until he looked unto next. 'It is settled' he said. 'We will journey with Zhao Cheung through the land of the Q'in.'
One of the Omars spoke 'What of Zhao Cheung Naguib? For how long will he travel beside us? The journey is far. Will he guide us until we reach the gates of Egypt? How will he return to his homeland?'
'Zhao Cheung will travel with us unto Damasc, mayhap even to the gates of Egypt. His wife has gone to the afterlife and he is not blessed with children. Zhao Cheung has said that he does not wish to return to the land of the Q'in but wishes again to feel the clean winds of the mountains and the deserts upon his face, to taste again of waters of the souqs of Damasc and Dushanbe, and of the sweetbreads and honeys and dates of Summeria. He is a strong man, with strong arms and a strong back. He has many skills and he has said that he will make his life there, mayhap upon a boat of the river, mayhap in the baking of bread or in toil in the field. He has given oath that he will ride with us and guide us safely.'
We talked long into the night, our bellies full, our thoughts now of the coming journey. There was much sadness that we might never again see our mighty ship but Naguib said that Liu Sheng would trade horses and food and robes and hats and boots, and even weapons, if we were to gift the mighty ship unto his village. Naguib said that he had broken bread with Liu Sheng and each had struck the other upon the shoulder, such that their trust was sealed. Liu Sheng would give to us one score plus five of horses, that all among us might ride and yet still a half score might carry our food and tents. Zhao Cheung would ride beside Naguib, for only he knew of the roads we must follow to reach the distant west. Zhao Cheung said that, in truth, we should ride forth with not less than two score of horses, for to carry a man for so long without rest was such that a horse might become lame, or even fall from the road. But the horses of the village numbered not greater than two score, and Liu Sheng had said that he too must have horses, greater than a half score, for the labours of the farmers. Naguib said also that we must treat the horses with kindness, for our fortunes and our fates rode with them.

* * *

On the next morning Zhao Cheung came forth as the sun rose, a light mist curling off the river and lying upon the wet grasses. Many horses came behind him, led by long reins of twisted leather. Each horse was sturdy of body and short of leg, with coat of reddish hair, long and shaggy at the mane and the shoulders but short upon the back and shining in the sun. Indeed these horses were strange to our eyes, for the horses of the Pharaoh were tall and white, or black, with fine legs and coats and manes cropped and braided, and tails tied with gold and onyx. The horses before us did not stand tall, and they did not have fine legs, and their manes were not cropped or braided. Indeed, their legs were strong and short and covered with long red hair, their manes ragged and red, though some were tied with ribbons of white or blue, their tails also long and thick and red, their bodies round as are the barrels within our lower deck, though larger and stronger. Flashes of white or grey were painted upon the coats of many and some wore a flash of white upon their nose. They were not as the horses of Egypt but also they were not as donkeys. But truly, were they horses?
A half score of the horses carried a rack upon their backs, cut from a timber that we did not know but as strong as any timber set upon our mighty ship. Zhao Cheung said that the horses were known as packhorses, that the timber was known to the villagers as zhu and that it was used for many tasks. Zhao Cheung said to us that the name of the timber, when spoken in Summerian, was known as bam'boo. He said to us that it was strong, so strong as to bend with the greatest wind or when it carried a great load but so strong that that never would it shatter into pieces. Each packhorse carried racks tied with ropes of yellow twine, again taken from strips of bam'boo and cut in thin lengths and twisted and knotted such that each rack might carry many goods. I saw, as I gazed upon these strange short red animals, that it mattered little if they were horse or donkey or camel for all were of great stamina, and that this would serve us well as we journeyed west.
All other horses carried saddles of wood and hide, marked with colours of red and white, many with beads of green and red. Each saddle sat high upon the back of the horse, its seat curved such that when a man sat astride the horse he sat with back straight and arms high, his knees high also at the shoulder of the horse, a high pommel to his fore, the raised edge of the saddle at his rear. At the sides of each saddle hung a long strip of leather, with a loop of steel and wood upon its end. Into these loops would a man place his boots, such that he might sit in comfort upon the saddle. At the head of each horse was tied a bridle of leather and bronze, and reins of twisted leather, painted with reds and greens and golds. We saw that these horses were valued greatly by the villagers and that each had been treated kindly, with muscles strong from ample food, with coat shining from the brush, with saddles and leather thongs painted with care and pride and rubbed with the fat of animals. We would be a caravan of colour as we crossed the land of Q'in'a.
Of my comrades but few had ridden ever upon a horse. Some, surely, had ridden upon the donkeys of our homeland but none had sat upon a saddle such as those before us. There was much chatter and complaining, for all must come to know their horse and so prepare themselves for our journey. For two days we rode back and forth upon the banks of the river, our legs aching, our backs stiff, our rear ends battered by the saddle. After two days had passed Minkaff and Gase and Sione could not rise from their beds, such was the pain in their behinds and in their legs. Of course Isesi and the Omars made jest of their discomfort, and there was much complaint and angry words, but also laughter. Fortune smiled upon me for I found, when I sat upon my horse, that I sat with ease, as did Naguib. My horse I named Kharim. Naguib gave unto his horse the name of Chittagong. Isesi also found that he rode easily upon his horse, its coat of red and grey, its name Gamal. All of my comrades gave a name unto their horses, though so long has now passed that I cannot recall all of these names. I will tell you more ouldsh they come again to my mind as I continue my story.
For five days we toiled with the farmers and the other villagers, who now came forth from their houses. For as the days had passed so they knew that we were not the demons they had believed us to be. There were many villagers, all of ten score, of these mayhap five score men and women and five score of children of many ages. The men walked at our side while the women and children tended the horses and bound our goods that they might be tied safely upon the racks that sat upon the back of each packhorse. The children ran among us, pulling behind them strange shapes of fine papyrus, yet not papyrus, shapes that fluttered in the winds as the children ran upon the shore of the mighty river, laughing and crying out in joy. The strange shapes were tied with twine and thin shafts of bam'boo and painted with the faces of demons or birds or other fierce creatures. Zhao Cheung spoke with Omar and said that these were known by the name of kite and that they gave great joy to the children.
We took many goods from our mighty ship. The barrels of riches in the sealed store were taken and tied upon the backs of the packhorses, but many barrels also did we gift unto Liu Sheng. These he shared with the villagers, the ointments, the beads and the fine clothes, and even weapons, the long spears, the bows and many arrows. Many sails we rolled and tied upon racks on the backs of the horses, for these would shelter us on cold nights; our weapons, rolled in hides and tied with strong thongs of leather; Minkaff's vats and kettles and many knives and spoons; and many ropes of hemp, long and coiled and lashed unto the racks. The villagers also brought forth much food; dried meats of goat and sheep and pig; bags of white grain, such that we had not seen before but a grain that when cooked in water within Minkaff's vats was to grow large and fill the vat to overflowing. These bags also we tied firmly to each of the packhorses. Naguib walked among the horses, slapping the bundles and pulling upon the ropes.
I also ran to the lower deck and brought forth the red timbers I had taken from the land of Gond. These I would carry with me on our journey to our homeland, for the timber was of great beauty and such that it might be used for fine carvings and furniture. I brought forth also the strange weapon that was cast across the waters by the Men of Earth and Straw, the weapon that struck Pasine upon his head and took him from us. It was a strange weapon, of great weight, flat throughout its length and longer than a man's leg, bent at its mid point as is a man's arm but longer to one end than it is to the other, and patterned everywhere with the marks of hot coals. It hangs still above the door to our kitchen and even unto this day I shake my head as I look upon it. But the racks of all packhorses carried many bundles and so it was that I would lash the timbers behind my saddle. But the timber was heavy, as was the strange weapon, such that only three logs of the red timber could I bind with hempen ropes and carry these upon Kharim. Kharim was a strong horse, with shoulders of stone and a back of steel, but when I sat upon the saddle, with weapons and timber and blankets lashed behind, it was a heavy burden that he carried. I made oath that I would tend his hooves and feed him each day. I prayed also that his legs did not fail us on our long journey.

* * *

Liu Sheng also asked that his comrades bring forth clothing, for our leggings and sandals and tunics now hung upon our bodies as do rags, faded in the sun and the salt of the oceans and torn by the rough timbers of our ship. The villagers gave to us long coats, the cloth as of our sails, hempen and coarse, but coloured with blue dyes and marked with symbols of beasts and flowers. And leggings also they brought forth such that our legs were covered from our bellies unto our feet, again of coarse blue cloth. They gave to us boots of wool and leather and wood, tied with leather thongs and sewn with red and green cloth. The toe of each boot curled upward, its tip caught with a twisted braid of leather. The tops of each boot reached unto the knee and each was bound tightly upon our leg with leather thongs that were passed around the leg many times and knotted. And for our heads the villagers brought forth strange hats, each with high pointed peak, adorned with a leather thong and mayhap a feather, such that when atop a man's head only his face might seen, his ears and hair covered and warmed. A twisted leather thong hung also from each side of the hat such that it might be secured by binding the thong beneath the chin. These were fine clothes and of great worth. We saw that Naguib had bargained well with Liu Sheng.
Liu Sheng also brought forth a fine gift, prepared by the women of the village and placed before Omar in a wrapping of fine cloth. All stood close by that they might see the gift and, as Omar cast aside the fine wrappings, all cried out. For the gift of the village unto Omar was of an eye of stone. It lay upon the cloth, painted in white and gold and brown and such that a golden eye stared forth. Zhao Cheung said to us that the women of the village felt great pity for Omar, for the terrible wound of his eye had caused great fear when first it was seen. And so a stone was taken from the rivers edge and rubbed with a paste of ash and water and crushed bone until it might sit within the wound with ease and comfort. Gase came forward and took the eye and poured water upon it then placed his hand upon the face of Omar, such that the wounded eye stood ready, and then placed the painted eye into the wound. Omar closed his eyes and for long moments hung his head, his hands unto his face. And then he looked to his comrades and the villages and let his eyes open, one unto the other. All the villagers cried out his joy and so also did his comrades. Though, I speak truly, there was also great mirth for now it was that Omar had an eye of gold and an eye of brown. And also it was that sometimes the eye of brown would look upon you as you spoke with Omar but that the eye of gold would look unto the heavens, or unto the earth beneath, or unto the far horizon. Many days were to pass err this did not cause much laughter. But Omar was greatly pleased.
And Liu Sheng also was greatly pleased that a mighty ship lay now upon the shore of the river nearby his village. He gave unto the ship the name of Yianzi. Zhao Cheung said to us that in the Summerian tongue it would be known as the Swallow. This I thought to be a poor name for the great ship, for the swallow is a bird of the land, not of the seas. And also but a tiny bird, not larger than my hand. But of course it did not matter. Zhao Cheung said also that the river before us was known as the Zhujiang, the river of pearls, that in truth it was of many rivers that ran from the west and from the north, bringing water and rich earth unto the pastures. After speaking with Zhao Cheung, Omar said to us that we would follow the path of the western and northern rivers as we journeyed to the west. A path that followed the flat lands of the river valleys and also by the sides of many villages, such that we might barter with our fine cloth and ointments and beads for food and drink, a path also that assured food and water for our horses.
For many days had we toiled, taking goods from the Yianzi and binding and wrapping all in bundles, readied for the racks of the packhorses and for our long journey. For many days also we sailed upon the river with the men of Liu Sheng's village, teaching the villagers the ways of the wind and the water. Many fingers were torn and bloodied by the ropes and our arms and legs ached with the pain of hauling upon the sails and the tiller arm. The farmers of the village were strong men but few had sailed upon the river. And none ever had sailed upon the ocean or in a ship so large as the Yianzi. But after five days had passed we saw that they too ran to the sails with ease, that they hauled upon the ropes and threw the drop lines far from the bow, that they manned and hauled upon the tiller arm such that the ship sailed smoothly across the wind. Naguib was indeed a skilled mariner and a kind tutor in all things, but the men of the village were sharp of mind and body and before many days had passed they too were mariners of skill. I did not doubt that they would turn the ship to their good fortune. But I knew also that it might bring greed and envy to their doors, for all men, no matter their colour or their country, will sometimes see the world and its treasures as theirs alone. Zhao Cheung said also that no other villages, anywhere upon the river, had such a ship. The largest boat that sailed the river was but fifty cubits in length, not half in length as that of our mighty ship. So pleased was Liu Sheng after a half score of days had passed that he asked for Naguib and all his comrades to sit by his side at a banquet, to be held in the hall of Liu Sheng's house, so to celebrate the good fortune of the village and for all that might now sail upon the Yianzi.

* * *

Liu Sheng's house was well lit, the hall large and filled with sweetest of smells, with many benches and long tables and many torches at the walls. The tables were full with the foods of the village; sweetmeats from pigs and goats and fowl; many fruits and berries and green leaves of the plants that grew in the gardens nearby the village; and gourds filled as if of water but with a taste as of the nectar of the gods. Zhao Cheung said that the nectar was named mai'tai and that the villagers harvested the fat white roots of a plant that grew in their gardens, that these roots then were placed within a large vat filled with water and boiled for greater than five days. After five days the roots were taken from the water and the water passed through a fine cloth. All that remained was the nectar. And all who drank of it were befuddled and laughed and shouted. I tasted of the nectar but I did not drink greatly, for I knew we were to rise early to load our packhorses and so to begin our travels. I saw also that Naguib and Zhao Cheung but tasted of the nectar. But all others drank greedily, and I saw that Isesi, ever one to bring trouble unto our band, had become loud and rude and was throwing dark eyes at the women who served at the table.
The women of the village were indeed beautiful. Well, almost all of the women were beautiful. Of course there were many who were of greater years, who did not look so comely, and many indeed did seem to me to be as was my mother's mother. Ah, now I see the eyebrows of my wife and daughter rise, sure warning that hot words may follow. So may they snort and brush their hair or make angry marks upon the papyrus. Surely they know that I jest and that I speak with no malice, for it is my story and so it should be told. I must pray that my memory is not clouded. But yes, still must I choose my words with care.
Many of the Ha'ka women wore coats of fine cloth, sewn with beads and drawn with colours of red and green and yellow. Their hair fell long at their backs, black and shining. Their faces were painted white with red upon the lips and a blackening of soot at the eyes. As each platter of food was brought to the table it was carried by two women. As the women knelt beside each table they held the platter at their breast, that those at the table might easily fetch food from the platter unto the table. I saw Isesi's eyes fall upon a woman who wore a yellow robe of great beauty. Though the robe fell from neck to toe, only her boots showing at its hem, her form was comely and well shaped, her faced rounded and warm, her lips red and inviting. Isesi's eyes burned with hunger. When I saw this I felt a great anger. Was it to be, yet again, that this toad might bring ill fortune unto our band? Liu Sheng's comrades were quiet men, calm and strong, but if respect was not shown to a woman of the village only the gods could know what might come to pass. This we had seen in the Golden Isles.
But I saw that Mashane, who sat close by, also watched Isesi with the eyes of an eagle. Mashane felt my eyes upon him and so leaned towards me and said 'Do not worry Agi. I will not allow Isesi to bring trouble.' Mashane rose and went to Isesi's side. He spoke with Isesi who rose also from the table and together he and Mashane went from Liu Sheng's house. But one or two moments had passed that all heard a cry, then many slaps as if striking a branch of wood upon the trunk of a tree, then more cries, as of a baby. After another moment the door opened and Mashane returned to the table. Liu Sheng watched Mashane, unmoving, his eyes wide, a flask of nectar at his lips, but Zhao Cheung said nothing. And Mashane said nothing. And so Liu Sheng drank deeply of the nectar and laughed. I saw that Naguib watched me with one eye open, the other closed, a smile at his lips, his cheeks filled with food.
We did not see Isesi again that night, but when we rose in the morning Isesi stood beside us as we loaded the horses, his face swollen and red, one eye the colour of a bruised grape. He did not speak for many days but sat upon his horse as if in great pain. I was pleased that Mashane had beaten him. I believe that all my comrades were pleased, even Naguib, who is ever the most evenhanded of men.

* * *

(Here endeth the fifth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. This night we have been blessed that Abana and Neferu, daughters to Djosur, have come unto our kitchen. They sit beside my mother at her bed. They bring great joy to her heart. Paser has also returned but stands in the darkness nearby the door, awaiting the instruction of Imhotep. Imhotep treats him badly such that my mother has spoken firm words to Imhotep.)
We travel west on horses
with short legs and sturdy bodies
(Here is written the sixth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Imhotep sulks. Sometimes he is but a spoiled child. And my father also.)
Yet again my daughter mocks me and casts her eyes of fire upon me. But also she mocks her betrothed. Now it is true that Imhotep is a merchant but he is not a weak candle when held to the bright torch of Khuyb. He is indeed fortunate. But is it not that I have brought sweetbreads unto my wife and that I have sought forgiveness? I can do no more but return again to my tale.
Not more than a score of days had passed since we had landed upon the shore of the Ha'ka village. We sat upon our horses in the light of the early morning, clothed in the garments given by the villagers, weapons at our shoulders, ropes tied upon the high points of our saddles. Our packhorses stood to the rear, held by long ropes of leather, their packs heavy with goods. The grasses in front of the village houses lay wet with the water of the night, the trees and gardens looped in tendrils of mist. The sun had not yet risen and a thin mist swirled low above the wide river, swollen still, its waters dark and brown and clotted with twiges and yellow foam. We had bathed in the river so our bodies were clean as were the garments we wore. Minkaff, also, had brought forth knives with sharpened blades and cut the wild beards and hair of my comrades and myself, such that our woven hats might fit firmly upon our heads and the thongs might be tied beneath our chins and not become tangled in our beards. As I looked upon my comrades I saw that all were resplendent and that all sat upon their horses as if born to the saddle. Of course I knew that there would be much grumbling before the day was gone.
Naguib and Zhao Cheung went to each of the packhorses and pulled hard upon the ropes and knots. Naguib also struck each pack and counted upon his fingers such that he knew that we travelled with all provisions that we might need upon a long journey. When Naguib and Zhao Cheung came upon the last of the packhorses Naguib slapped his hands together and, even from afar, I could see that he was happy. Our packhorses carried many bundles of food and clothing and blankets, many barrels of water, many weapons - bows, spears, arrows, knives and axes, even a half score of long pikes presented by Liu Sheng - Minkaff's kitchen, and many tools for the working of leather or sewing of cloth. And each man carried with him upon his horse many more weapons and blankets and food, tied behind the saddle and carried in a small sack at his shoulder.
We joined together, forming a column such that two riders would travel one beside the other. Naguib sat at the lead upon his horse Chittagong. Zhao Cheung sat at his side for he would guide the way. Zhao Cheung's horse was named Hong Long. When Omar the Centurion heard of this he giggled, as does a young girl, and brought his hand to his mouth. 'Red Dragon.' he said. Of course, the horse did not look as does a dragon, not even the toe of a dragon, but more as does a large tub. Mayhap Zhao Cheung had named the horse in a moment of mirth. Behind Naguib and Zhao Cheung came Omar the Centurion and Omar from Thebes. I cannot recall the names of their horses. I saw also that Zhao Cheung had tied upon the saddle of his horse a twisted nest of ropes, tied with stones, but our column moved off before I could speak with Zhao Cheung and know its purpose. I moved Kharim forward and followed the Omars with Sione and his horse Askari at my side. All others came behind. To the rear of our column rode Meskel and Isesi. Together they led the half score and five of packhorses, the long reins looped and tied fast to the pommels of their saddles. Our caravan was indeed large, with many horses and much food and other goods. But our journey was to be a long one and so we must carry many things. We would find little to aid us as we came upon the dry lands of the west. On two of the packhorses we carried barrels of ointments and gems and fine cloths, all taken from the storerooms of the Yianzi. With these we would trade; for food or horses, for water or weapons. We did not know what might come to pass but the treasures of our storeroom would ease our way.
The villagers waved and cried out as we moved along the shore of the river valley. We had travelled but a short distance when we came unto a bend of the river, not far distant from the village, where we brought our horses to a halt and turned and waved to the villagers. They stood upon the shore nearby the mighty Yianzi, dressed in fine garments, their eyes turned toward us. They had shown great kindness and also had they been generous, for much food and other goods did we carry. But never again might we see them. And never again might we see our great ship. I think I speak truly when I say that all the members of our band felt sadness that the seas lay behind us and that we should now part ways with our mighty ship. But so it must be. And so we turned our horses to the west and in but a few steps we had rounded the bend of the river and the villagers and our ship were forever lost to our eyes.
All rode in silence for much had come to pass and to forever leave our mighty ship brought to my mind the feelings of a lost child, one cast from its parents and its home. And so it was with my comrades. But our thoughts did not linger as before us a great vista unfurled, the river valley stretching far into the distance, the hills green and curdled with mists, the distant valleys clouded and grey, the waters of the river dark and gleaming in the dawn light. And the land was of such beauty that I rode, as did my comrades, casting my eyes to all sides and breathing of the fresh breezes that brushed my face. In that moment I felt a freedom come upon me. At last we had truly begun our journey home and every river that now we crossed, and every valley that we travelled, and every hill that we climbed, would bring us but closer to our loved ones and our homeland. I rode forward that day with a great joy in my heart.

* * *

For many days we rode west, following the winding valley. Our hearts and bellies were full, our horses sure-footed and strong. To our left the river flowed, the colour of red mud in the day, clotted with trees and twigs and branches, but at night the colour of pitch, sliding by in oily silence. At last we came to a place where we could ride no longer beside the river for the waters now ran through a gorge of rock, with sides steep and black, the shore narrow and broken. Our horses could not pass safely upon this path. We left the rocky shore of the river and climbed unto the land above, moving slowly through a forest of trees, the trunks looped with vines and flowers, the leaves above us so close one upon the other that little sun did we see. We travelled for many days in the darkened forest, our robes warm against our bodies in the cold of the night, our campfires bright and safe. Minkaff brought forth fine food, made from the goods that had been given by Liu Sheng. Isesi, as always, ate the food of two men. We could only shake our heads in wonder.
We saw many animals in the forest, some running between the trees and vines, others hiding in the branches high above. On many nights, as our fire burned bright in the darkness, we saw the red eyes of a beast, mayhap three or four beasts or even more, as they circled our camp, their eyes flickering red in the darkness. When Gase took a torch from the fire and ran toward the beasts, crying out, we saw in but a moment that these were large as is a man but with a coat of hair coloured as is the desert sand, painted with stripes of black. These animals said Zhao Cheung were known as the Hu, and that they were a fierce and savage beast, such that men should not venture near if they did not carry a strong spear or a bow with arrow notched. Omar said to us that, in Summerian, these beast were known as the tiger and that they were greatly feared.
'We must always keep the fire burning' he said. 'For if there is no fire then the Hu will come. And if a man sleeps they will take him.' After Zhao Cheung had spoken of this to Omar, who then spoke of it to all others, there was much chatter. Naguib said that one of our band must stand watch and tend to the fire and that when the moon reached the midpoint of the sky he should wake another, and only then take his own rest. There was grumbling, there was always grumbling, but on each night that followed we would share watch and tend the fire. Each night our fire burned bright. Many Hu did we see but never more than the flicker of their eyes.
As we rode through the forest Zhao Cheung pointed to the trees where other animals hung from vines. These animals were covered in thick red hair and had faces of white. Zhao Cheung said that these animals were named Shu Hou, the tree dweller, and that their flesh was sweet. Omar said to us that these were known by the name of tree monkey. And many birds also did we see, flying through the leaves above us, their cries sounding as if of bells as they echoed in the woodlands. Zhao trapped many and we roasted these in the coals of the morning fire.
Mushariff also brought down a strange animal, one that hunted in the rocks and fallen trees of the hillsides. There was much chatter when all crowded nearby to look upon the animal for its feet were shod with long claws, its skin was plates of armour, as of leather but cured and hardened greatly in the sun and in colours of green and ash, its tail long and curling, also covered in plates, its nose and jaws as those of a rat that might be seen in the granary. Zhao Cheung said that there were many beasts such as this in the hills and that they were known as Shi Shou, the eater of ants. Indeed a strange beast, and fearful to behold, but not to fear for it was no larger than a dog. Minkaff prepared and cooked this beast and brought it to the table mixed with the nuts and berries and green leaves of Liu Sheng's garden. It smelled as does goat when laid upon the coals and was a splendid meal.
When at last we came from the forest we saw to our front a country of wide plains, of tall grasses and rolling hills that stretched unto the horizon. In the far distance we saw more peaks, rocky spires that rose sharp and tall as if grown from the plain and so many as to be greater than the greatest forest of trees. For two days we travelled across the grassy plains until we came unto the flat lands among the peaks where we set our camp upon the edge of a lake, sweet of water and with much grass so that our horses might eat. To all sides the tall spires of rock stretched unto the stars, their shadows moving dark across the waters as the sun shifted through the skies, the steep rock walls running with water and alive with small birds that nested in the broken rocks far above. This was of great beauty, for never had we before seen peaks such as these. Each peak rose from the plain as if thrust from the earth by the hand of a God, towering far above, each ringed with mists and clouds and tipped with the green of trees and bushes while nearby lay rivers and lakes, their waters green and clear and painted with green vines and leaves and bright flowers of purple and yellow and palest rose. It was a place of peace and beauty.
As our fires burned bright in the night the stars spun through the heavens, the pools and lakes shining with their light. When we rose with the sun we saw that the peaks indeed were many, greater even than the greatest of forests, mayhap greater in number than the stars of the night skies and stretching far to the west and to the north. But we saw also that the valleys beneath were wide and flat and that our caravan might pass easily as we continued west. We saw also that there was much clean water and broad fields of sweet grasses for our horses, for the valleys were filled with lakes and streams of green water, the pastures with long grasses tipped in yellow and white. Zhao Cheung said to Omar that this place was named Gui'lin, that it was known as a place of great beauty and much revered by the Q'in.

* * *

For five days we journeyed west from Gui'lin, our caravan stretched along the floors of green valleys as we moved slowly across wide grasslands, the grasses so green and tall as to reach unto my knee as I sat upon Kharim, sometimes wet with the dew of the night, sometimes dry and rustling sofly in the breezes. It was as if we moved upon an ocean of grass, the tips moving in the wind in long waves that broke upon the chests of our sturdy horses. As far as the eye could see stretched a bright green of the sea of grass, endless unto the horizon and strewn with patches of yellow and gold that painted the valley floors and the hillsides and swept about the bases of the spires of Gui'lin. Zhao Cheung said to us that the flower was known as the peony, a hardy flower and a beloved symbol of the Q'in.
Long streams ran across the valley floors, some so large as to be a river, others so small as to be little more than a tiny brook. But the water of all was sweet and clear and smelled of flowers and of the sun. The streams were filled with fish, with silver bodies and black fins. Many we caught and roasted over the coals of our evening fire. Flocks of birds of all colours also played upon the waters, ducks and geese such as those of the mighty Nile, but large in body and with feathers of many colours. Minkaff oft brought these birds to the table, turned slowly upon a spit above the coals or cooked with plants and spices in large vats. We ate well as we travelled west from Gui'lin.
Our journey from Gond to Q'in'a on our mighty ship had seen many moons of rain and heat, and our days in the village had also been marked by a burning sun and much rain. But the seasons were turning and, as we moved across the land of the Q'in, the days had become cold and the nights colder such that one morning, on rising from my bed, I found ice upon the grasses. The sun rose still in clear skies yet shone now with but a pale weak light, no longer burning upon our shoulders. Each night we moved to the side of a hill that lay nearby the path of our caravan, close by a stream or waterhole. There we made camp, setting our fire and our tents under the heavens and tending our horses. But the hills to the sides of the green valleys were low and clear of trees such that we could not gather wood for our fire and so we must carry it with us, a fire set within a vat and held fast upon the rack of a packhorse. The coals were hot and glowing, drawn from the fire of our last camp. Small logs and broken timber also were lashed to the rack of another of the packhorses. From this we would restore our fire as it burned low.
Naguib said that always our first task on making camp must be that we water and feed our horses. The saddles we took from each horse and placed these together nearby our tents. We took also the goods that were carried upon the racks of the packhorses and placed these beside the saddles. The horses we walked to the stream where they might drink their fill and we cleaned their hooves of mud and stones. And close by our tents we drove stakes of timber into the soft earth. To these we tied long ropes of twisted leather, tied also to the bridles of our horses such that they might walk with ease while eating of the grasses, but also to keep them close such that they might be lost in the night. The coat of each horse we brushed with twigs and bushes and, as the nights grew colder, each night threw a blanket across the back of each horse.
Some two score of days and nights had passed since we had ridden from the village of the Ha'ka. All days and nights had been of peace, for no danger had we seen but for the eyes of the Hu, deep in the shadows of the night. And no man had we seen, not even the smoke of fires in the far distance. Mayhap we had become soft and lazy, as Naguib would oft say. Mayhap we were of a mind that our journey would pass with ease. Of course this was not to be.

* * *

And so it was that we rode upon the floor of a wide valley, in the cool of the morning, the sun barely risen, a thin mist hanging above grasses drooping with the water of the night. Naguib rode to the fore with Zhao close by. I rode this day to the rear of our column, Meskel nearby my side. After many moons it was that we spoke each a little of the tongue of the other. Of course there was much waving of arms and hands and nodding of heads. Sometimes this would cause us to laugh happily. But many times I found it to cause ill temper. Isesi rode to our left side, his horse walking in the shallow waters at the shore of a small stream, mayhap two hundred cubits distant. And far to our fore, greater than six hundred cubits, rode Minkaff and Sione, seeking our way forward over the soft wet earth of the valley floor.
I saw that Minkaff and Sione had drawn their horses to a halt and sat unmoving, looking to the west. Minkaff turned in his saddle and looked towards us then raised one arm and waved. He pointed to the west, then waved again. Naguib also held up one arm, signaling to the column that we should come to a halt. What could it be? Naguib turned in his saddle and I heard his voice call my name, faint upon the breeze. At this I gave the lead ropes of the packhorses to Meskel and rode quickly to the front of the column. Naguib and Zhao sat close by each the other, not speaking. I saw that Minkaff and Sione were returning, their horses trotting quickly across the valley floor. The only sounds in the valley were those of the soft breezes across the grasses, the rattle of the bridles of our horses, the creak of leather and the hoofbeats of the horses of Minkaff and Sione, soft upon the wet grasses beneath.
'What is it?' asked Naguib, as Minkaff and Sione came upon us. Minkaff pulled upon the reins of his horse and brought it to a halt, his knee close by to that of Naguib. Sione sat at his side.
'We do not know Naguib' said Minkaff. 'We have heard the sound of a drum, but so faint upon the wind that it cannot always be heard. Mayhap it is only the wind. But we felt it also, in our breast, so that we must come and speak with you.'
'You feel the sound of a drum? Upon the breeze?' Naguib was not pleased. But he is a true leader and knows that all messages must be heeded, if only to be cast aside if danger does not follow. 'Where?' he asked. 'From where did you feel the drum?' His face was dark.
Minkaff and Sione both turned upon their saddles, their arms raised, fingers pointing to the low hills to the west. We looked to the hills and sat in silence, our ears open for any sound that might seem as of a drum. But, again, the only sounds were those of the wind across the grass, the packhorses moving behind and rattling their loads, the soft creak of the leather of our saddles. Then, after many moments, Sione spoke.
'There' he said, pointing to the west, but to the hills that stood a greater distance from us. 'Turn your eyes to the top of the hills. Do you not see smoke?' As he spoke there was a rattle of the bridle and the snorting of a horse. Isesi had ridden from the river. 'What is it?' he asked, for he saw that our eyes were turned to the west. 'What do you see?'
'Silence Isesi' growled Naguib. 'We listen.'
'What do we listen for?' asked Isesi. Naguib turned and stared towards Isesi, his eyes dark and burning. Isesi did not speak again.
Our eyes were again turned to the west as we sat in silence, our ears open for any sound. I passed my eyes along the low tops of the hills, seeking for smoke or movement or any sound that might be as that of a drum. But nothing could I hear. And no smoke or movement could I see. I saw that Naguib indeed was not pleased with Minkaff and Sione. But a true leader will not sport with fate. Naguib looked to the western hills then leaned from his saddle and spat upon the grass. He looked to Minkaff, Sione and myself.
'Ride to the crest of the hills. Look to all sides and see if we are alone. If you see nothing and hear nothing then ride again to join us. But if we are not alone raise your headpiece upon a spear. We will come to you.' Naguib threw his head to the side, toward the western hills. 'Make haste' he said. 'I do not wish to tarry if there is no need.'
Minkaff and Sione turned their horses as one and moved away at a fast pace. I turned Kharim and followed. My comrades and Naguib watched as we rode off then too began to move forward. As they continued their journey along the valley floor we rode quickly towards the far hills. The weak morning sun had climbed into the sky and its rays now warmed our necks and shoulders. Around us the grasses swayed in the light breezes, spotted with the yellow of small flowers, their petals hung with bees. As the breeze came upon us I felt a stange throb in my belly then a faint sound upon the wind, as of a distant drum. But the sounds of our passing were soft and such that I could not hear anything clear though I turned my head unto the wind and closed my eyes. Minkaff and Sione also rode with heads high, their eyes upon the hill tops, their ears turned to the wind. I believed that when we crested the hilltops before us we would see nothing but the endless rolling hills unto the distant horizon. But Naguib had spoken. And so we must go.
As we came to the bottom of the hills we crossed a small stream, not more than ten cubits from one side unto the other and only so deep as to reach the bellies of our short legged horses, mayhap two cubits. There we rested the horses for a short while, such that they drank a little of the stream and we bathed our heads and drank also. After we had filled our goatskins we began our short climb to the crest above. As we came near to the top of the hill I turned and looked back to the valley. There in the distance I saw our caravan, winding slowly along the valley floor, Naguib and Zhao Chung to the fore, the packhorses to the rear. From such a distance it seemed that they journeyed as do small boats upon an endless sea of green. But then I felt a throb upon the wind, as if a drumbeat but from a great distance. It came to us over the top of the hill, faint and distant for the wind blew to the west. I saw Sione's eyes move to me. Minkaff also drew his horse to a halt. We sat upon our horses, not moving, and listened. Then, with a small change in the wind, we heard the sound of a horn. Or was it not only the wind? For no man had we seen these many moons. In my heart I knew that only more hills and valleys lay beyond the hilltop before us. Now mayhap it was that weariness had taken us or that our sleep was troubled, for we showed little caution as we came upon the peak of the hill. As it is always in the life of man the smallest of transgressions, oft borne of weariness or mayhap laziness but still no less a transgression, will bring great change to the fates of many. And so it was on this day upon the hilltop in the land of the Q'in.

* * *

As we came close upon the peak of the hillside I waved to Sione and Minkaff and made ready to dismount. But mayhap they did not see or mayhap my purpose was not certain for both spurred their mounts and rode quickly to the crest of the hill, the strong but short legs of their sturdy horses driving them forward. Minkaff rode to the fore and was the first to ride upon the top of the hill. I saw him pull hard on his reins and saw that Sobek reared back, high upon his rear legs. Sione was close beside upon Askari and I heard him cry out as he also hauled upon his reins. I felt a stab of fear in my heart and so drove my heels into the flanks of my horse and we surged unto the top of the hill. As I came beside Minkaff and Sione the far valley opened before me. I too hauled upon my reins and brought Kharim to a halt.
We looked down upon a valley the colour of deep emerald, split along its length by a bright stream, its flat grasses stretching to the distant hills that sat blue and green in the gentle haze. It was indeed a beautiful land. But there before us, close upon the grasslands at the foot of our hill, lay row upon row of tents, bright with colours of red and gold and white and silver, with high peaks and many banners moving in the breezes. Behind the tents, many cubits to the rear, a large group of horses grazed, mayhap five score, or even more, a large pile of saddles and spears and other goods nearby. But our true danger lay in the foreground, before the tents, where a large group of men sat upon rugs amid the grasses. I could see that they numbered mayhap four score, mayhap five, and that many wore armour that covered their bodies from their shoulders unto their feet. The armour looked to be of leather and bronze but at such a great distance I could not see clearly. Their heads were bare but upon the earth nearby lay helmets with high peaks of silver and many with feathers or pieces of bright cloth. Before the large group of men there sat an even larger tent, alone, its peak above all of the others, many banners streaming from the poles set upon its sides, all coloured in bright gold and silver and red and green and white. It was a thing of beauty. And before this tent, on a wide carpet of golden cloth sat a single chair, also gilded and shining in the sun. Upon the chair sat a man, clad also in armour and with bared head. But of course I knew him to be the leader. And even as I watched I saw that his head turned and his arm was raised. We heard the clear sound of a horn and in but a moment the men had come unto their feet and placed their helmets upon their heads. They ran to their horses.
I knew then, even as I raised my helmet above me, set upon the tip of my spear, that we had not listened well to the advice of Liu Sheng and Zhao Chung, that we should travel only in the night and seek shelter in the day. And so we had found the Q'in. And now it was that the Q'in had found us. I knew also that I had failed Naguib. I could but sit and wait.

* * *

(Here endeth the sixth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine - scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
The Q'in
(Here is written the seventh night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Imhotep creeps into the kitchen. He brings a box of cedar, bound with ribbons. We will see.)
As we sat upon our horses and watched the band of Q'in ride across the grasses, and up the hillside I turned in my saddle. Below us, in the valley behind, our small band of comrades and horses continued their travel through the deep grasses. They looked as if small boats, floating upon an unending sea of green, its surface rippling in the wind. I raised my arm and waved, beckoning unto Naguib and Zhao Chung. We would need Zhao's services if we were to speak with the Q'in. After many moments I saw Naguib wave his arms also then he and Zhao Chung broke away from the band and rode to the bottom of the hillside. As they began to climb the hillside I turned back and looked to the band of Q'in, who now were climbing the hillside to our fore. I saw that all would come together at one time.
I sat in silence with Minkaff and Sione, our horses side by side, the only sounds now the wind and, rattle of leathers, the muffled sounds of the Q'in as they shouted each tuno the other, and the soft thud of the footfalls of the many horses as they came upon us on each side of the low hill. The Q'in rode in a loose formation, as that of a square. They carried many spears, each with a banner at its tip. The spear carriers rode to the fore, their spears held low, the sharpened blades gleaming as they carved the grasses below, flashing silver now and then as the green stems parted. At the sides I saw men carrying bows, an arrow notched to each string. These bows were not as are our bows, but smaller, mayhap but two cubits from one end unto the other, and with a double curve. Each man carried the bow in one hand, the other upon the reins. All men rode with straight back and head high, sitting tall upon the backs of their horses, their knees tight to the shoulders of the horse, their feet firm in the metal loops that hung from each saddle, each warrior moving up and down to the steps of the horses The horses of the Q'in were also as our horses, short of leg and round of body with much hair at legs and tail and mane, long and red and bright in the sun against the green grasses.
The formation, greater than a score in number, was led by two men. One was of large girth with gilded helmet. He held no spear or bow but again rode straight of back with both hands upon the reins. I knew this to be the leader. At his right hand rode another, not so large in girth but clad as were all the others, in armour and helmet and carrying a long spear. This one sat upon his horse with a greater ease than did the other Q'in warriors and did not move up and down with each step of the horse, but rose easily with each movement such that horse and rider moved as one. I know not why, but as I looked upon this warrior, there came to my thoughts the image of the mongoose as it ran through our fields, winding smoothly and quickly through the many stalks of grain, fleet of foot and ever dangerous. I saw that this warrior was a skilled horseman and, as does the mongoose, carried about him a mantle of danger. And at the right hand of the leader rode another warrior. He too wore full armour and a mask but sat tall in the saddle and carried no weapons. His armour shone bright for never had it known battle, his robes beneath glowed white and gold. This man I knew to be the leader's counsel.
Naguib and Zhao Chung rode beside us but a moment before the Q'in also came to a halt, not a half score of cubits to our fore. Of our band but four of us sat there upon our horses. Of the Q'in it was mayhap two score of warriors that sat before us, their banners fluttering in the wind, their horses snuffling softly and tossing their heads. The warriors to each side did not halt as did their leader but moved forward until they encircled our small band. One of the warriors looked to the valley behind where our comrades moved slowly across the valley floor. He rose in his saddle and called to his leader in a rough tongue, his arm raised and pointing. The leader said nothing but swept one hand before him, calling for silence.
For many long moments we stared, each upon the other. The Q'in were a fearsome band and I felt a chill of fear touch my back. They were many, and all were warriors, their armour plated and hard, their spears long and sharp. Their bows, such that I had never before seen, were indeed strange. Each was small, with a double curve, such that each bow was not half in height of the bows that we carried. And the arrows that sat notched in each bow were not so long as the arrows that we carried, mayhap not two cubits in length but with heavy arrowhead and long fletch. Each arrow had a sharpened barb, as did ours, and I knew that these would pierce flesh or armour with ease.
After much staring the leader raised his arm and he and the warrior at his right came forward upon their horses. They brought their horses to a halt not more than five cubits distant, such that we could see clearly their armour and weapons. Armour covered their bodies from neck unto ankle and their heads were covered with helmets of bronze and leather, fastened beneath the chin with leather braids, the metal worked with fine carvings and painted with reds and whites and golds. Each helmet rose to a peak above the head of the horsemen, its tip adorned with feathers and ribbons of bright cloth. But most fearsome of all was the mask that each man wore upon his face. All of the Q'in wore masks and each was fearsome as if showing great anger or fury, with openings such they might see but painted with noses hooked and mouths filled with sharpened teeth. I knew these were only masks, and were such as to keep safe the warrior's face when in battle, but also that they might fill the hearts of enemies with fear when they looked upon each one.
The armour of the Q'in was well made. Each man wore a jerkin of leather plates, each plate lying atop that below and held fast with a binding of metal, as of twine, that passed through each plate and so secured it against the one above. Each plate was small, not that of my hand in length or width, such that when all plates were bound together still they could hang freely from the shoulders of the warrior and move easily as he rode or walked. Each warrior also wore leggings of armour, again with plates of leather, each bound with metal twine. Their legs were clothed in boots that stretched from foot to knee and more, each covered in leather and painted with red and gold. Each boot also was sown at the knee with a wide flat tile of leather, also painted in reds and golds, that fell across the tops of the legs of the warriors as they sat upon their horses. This I saw would provide great protection for each warrior if seated upon a horse, but would hang from the boot and mayhap entangle their legs when on foot. Their hands were clothed in gauntlets of heavy cloth with small leather plates atop each finger. Their horses also were clad in leather armour that hung below the saddle and spanned the full length of each horse at each side and fell below the horse's belly and across its chest. Each horse also wore a covering of leather at the head such that the nose of the horse and the sides of its head were safe and covered, with openings only for eyes and that the ropes of the reins might pass. Again, all armour was painted with the bright colours of the Q'in.
The leader of the Q'in looked unto each of us as we sat upon our horses. I saw that his helmet was made of bronze and gold and etched with curling images and set with precious stones. At each side hung heavy cloth, bound to the helmet with twine of metal and falling unto his shoulders. A long feather fluttered at the peak of the helmet, its colours bright with blues and yellows and purples. In the forehead of the helmet was set an amulet, nay, a small plate, of gold, larger than my full hand span in both its width and its length. The plate carried the carved image of a dragon, its wings curled above its back, its tail long and tipped with barbs. The dragon's scales were set with small pieces from the shells of sea creatures and chips of black stone, as of onyx, its eyes with tiny red gems
The leader's eyes gleamed behind the mask, dark with suspicion, but also with power. This, I thought, is a strong man, and one that we should take care not to anger. His eyes settled at last upon Naguib, who sat taller and larger in his saddle than did his comrades. When he spoke his voice was thick and cracked, as if the sound of an owl in the dark of the night. Naguib bowed his head to the leader and turned to Zhao Chung. He motioned with one hand and Zhao Chung moved his horse forward but a pace then bowed also and spoke with the leader. Zhao Chung spoke many words, his eyes fast upon those of the leader, sometimes raising an arm to point to his comrades, sometimes to point unto our small caravan that waited far below. I saw that the leader's eyes flickered as he watched and listened to Zhao Chung. I saw also that his eyes moved steadily across my comrades and myself. Beside him the other warrior sat unmoving. To the rear the other Q'in warriors sat in silence, their banners moving lightly in the breezes.
After many words the leader held his hand to his shoulder and silenced Zhao Chung. The leader then spoke many words to Zhao Chung, his voice cracked and deep. He raised his arm and pointed to his camp below then pointed unto the north, striking his hand upon his head as he did so. Zhao Chung sat silently upon his horse Hong Long, his hand together at his saddle horn, his reins gathered. As the leader spoke Zhao Chung made small bows of the head, as if in agreement, or mayhap in respect. I did not know which it was.
As the leader spoke I felt a strange touch at my face as if a feather had passed across my skin. I turned my head and looked to the warrior at the leader's right hand. It was the mongoose. He sat without moving, his spear upright, its haft locked into the loop of steel at his foot, the reins loose in his other hand. But I saw that his eyes were upon me for they flickered, bright within his mask. I felt a cold fear strike me. Why did he stare so upon me? Was there danger here? What peril might we face? Was this talk but to mislead us such that we might lower our guard and that they might fall upon us without warning? But no danger could I see for he sat unmoving and with ease upon his horse. Indeed all of the Q'in warriors sat with ease upon their horses.
I looked again to the armour and the helmet of the mongoose and I saw that he was not large as was the leader, that he had but a small girth and that his form was fine with narrow waist but also with the long legs of a hunter. The armour that hung upon his body was not as that of the leader but painted with many colours and hung with beads at the shoulder and above the gauntlets. The helmet also was not as that of the leader, again painted with many colours and also hung with beads. At the forehead of the helmet sat a small plate of gold, as it was on the leader's helmet, but cut now with the petals of a flower. I cast my eyes again to the mask and I saw that the mask was not so fierce as that of the other Q'in warriors, though still fierce. It was then that I saw that bright eyes watched me, not the cruel eyes of the leader but dark and shining eyes, gleaming with knowledge and mirth, above each a fine dark brow that curved in beauty against a skin of cream. Now I speak the truth, for in this moment I was struck dumb, such that my mouth fell open as does the mouth of a goldfish. Of course I did not yet know what a goldfish was. But more of that later. But I knew, for it came upon me, as if a spear of lightning, that the eyes that looked upon me were indeed those of a warrior. But were they not also the eyes of a maiden?

* * *

I do not know how long I stared upon the warrior, mayhap but a moment, mayhap much longer. For it was only the crack of Naguib's spear haft upon my shoulder, and his rough voice 'Agi. Are you deaf?' that brought my mind back unto the hilltop. I saw that Sione and Minkaff had turned their horses and were riding back to our comrades, and that many of the Q'in also had turned their horses away to ride down the hillside to their camp. As I watched, the slight warrior turned her horse and with raised arm swept down the hill at a gallop, her horse moving smoothly through the grasses, her body moving as one with her steed. A score of the mounted warriors behind turned as one and followed. They rode to the north, along the side of the hill and towards the head of the valley. I saw that they might journey to the low hills in the far distance before returning to their camp. But the leader still sat before us, unmoving upon his horse. The remaining warriors, greater than a score, sat behind, still and silent, their eyes upon Naguib as he spoke with me.
'Agi! Are your ears filled with mud? Listen to what I have to say. Zhao Chung has said that ill fortune indeed has come upon us. The party we see before us is that of a leader of the Q'in. The son of the Khan himself no less. He travels with a force of four score of men and that many again in cooks and courtiers. There is greater than ten score of horses and many wagons. And now we are called to the camp of the Q'in.' Naguib urged Chittagong close up by the side of Kharim. Both horses threw their heads up and down and rattled upon their reins, making small snuffing noises and stamping their feet.
'Agi. Their leader, who Zhao Chung has said has the name of Bo Mingyu, is the first son of the great Khan of Q'in'a. At his left hand rides his courtier Dong Yun. Bo Mingyu wishes that we make camp with him, and break bread and sup tea and speak of our travels, and tell of where we have come. But he has asked also that we travel with his cohort unto the city of his father. The city is called Deng Feng and it lies far to the north. Agi, I fear that to journey unto Deng Feng will take us far astray, for our journey to our home must take us to the west, not unto the north. But Zhao Chung has said that we must take great care, for it is sure the Q'in are courteous and fair but also that they are cruel and hard of heart. It may be of great peril to us should we refuse Bo Mingyu's request. For in truth it is not a request but a command.' Naguib turned in his saddle and pointed down the hill towards our comrades. Sione and Minkaff were now close by the caravan and were calling to the others and shouting and pointing to the hillside. After a few moments I saw Sione and Minkaff turn their horses towards the hillside. Our other comrades and the packhorses also turned and followed.
While our small caravan climbed the hillside behind us I sat silent upon Kharim, at the left hand of Naguib. The sun warmed our jerkins and helmets such that I reached to my chin and unlaced the leather thongs that held my helmet tight upon my head. When I took the helmet from my head and placed it upon my saddle pommel I heard a cry from the ranks of the Q'in warriors and much laughter. Bo Mingyu threw out an arm and looked back angrily at his cohort. He shouted words of command in a voice that croaked as do the frogs upon the Nile. I saw that some of the warriors moved about on their horses, their weapons rattling against leather and bronze. Naguib leaned towards me. 'It is your hair Agi. It is the colour of corn, bright and yellow and streaked with red and gold. I do not think that ever have they seen hair such as this.'
But I did not care for the stares of the warriors and so I turned my eyes to the south, to see how far the warrior maiden had journeyed with her band. They were far distant, now but dark specks upon the green slopes of the distant hills. As I watched I saw that they had ridden to the top of a far hillside and they had halted upon its peak. After some moments we heard, faint upon the breeze the clear sound of a horn. Three times the sound came to us until Bo Mingyu turned his horse and stood high above his saddle. In his hand he held a spear, its tip tied with a long banner of red. He waved the spear above his head many times until the sounds of the horn came again on the wind. I saw the distant specks turn and begin their journey down the far hillside and back towards the camp. I wondered again at the face of the warrior maiden. Indeed I wondered if I had been mistaken and that the beauty I beheld was no more than that of bright paints and ribbons. I felt a sickness in my belly when I thought of this. Had I been so long now in only the company of men that my eyes could not know a man from a woman?
But no matter, for Naguib slapped me again across my shoulders. Our caravan had drawn near and I heard the curses of Isesi and Gase as they led the packhorses to the top of the hillside. At last our comrades sat beside us, the packhorses to the rear. Naguib spoke harsh words to Isesi and Gase such that they stopped their whining. Bo Mingyu lifted an arm and turned his horse. Dong Yun followed. The Q'in cohort parted before them and they rode between the groups of warriors, our small band following. As we passed the warriors brought their horses about and walked beside us. Many also fell in behind such that we moved down the hillside towards the Q'in camp as if held within a cage. I saw that not a word had passed the lips of Bo Mingyu but the men and their horses moved as one. It was clear to me that these were seasoned warriors, mayhap with many moons of service to their leader, and mayhap with the trials of many battles and long travels etched into their faces.
We journeyed down the hillside towards the camp of the Q'in, the Q'in warriors to our sides, our packhorses trailing behind. I looked to Naguib and I saw that his face was set in deep lines, as if of great unhappiness. But this I knew to be Naguib's way, that always would he see the worst in our futures. We did not know what may pass in the many moons to come, or even in the day or the night before us. So why should we fear the future. Only the Gods knew our fates. With this I threw Naguib's fears to the wind and I looked to the camp below. I saw many tents, many men, many horses. In such a camp we might find good food, or even the mai'tai nectar that Liu Sheng set upon our table. And, above all else, mayhap a straw bed to lie upon. But of course there were no straw beds for this was a band of warriors. There was no time for straw beds. I could but dream.

* * *

Bo Mingyu led us to the edge of the Q'in camp then broke away and rode towards the largest of the tents, far upwind of the horses and the many tents of the warriors. A small group of warriors, not a half score, escorted our caravan to a place on the northern edge of the camp, close by the wagons and on the banks of the small stream that flowed south across the floor of the valley. It was fortunate indeed that we were upstream of the horses of the Q'in, for they were many, and they were tethered upon a circle of grass that was as wide as ten score of cubits. In this circle the horses fed well upon the thick grasses, now eaten to but a handspan in height, and drank of the stream, and dropped much dung. Even though we camped upstream of the horses and thus drank of a clear sweet stream, still the wind blew from the south, bringing the smells of the dung and other wastes to our noses. Minkaff clattered his pots loudly and complained that the smells would foul the taste of our food. Isesi also whined that the smells would cause his hair to fall from his head so strong was the stench. Naguib spoke harshly to Minkaff and struck Isesi upon the ear. 'What are we to do? Our greatest need is the sweet water of the river that flows to the south. That is why the camp is set upon the banks as it is. The Q'in are not fools. Rub grasses at your noses if the smell of the horses is too much.'
The sun was touching the tops of the western hills, burning the peaks in gold and orange. But the hills to the east and south and north were blue and purple in the weak afternoon light, the sky and the horizon now one as night came upon us, our faces and hands cold in the darkness. The packhorses were quickly unburdened. Naguib sent forth the Omars and Meskel to seek wood for our fires. This was a cause for much discussion as nowhere had we seen trees of such size as to give wood. And the many small bushes and grasses were such that mayhap they would not keep a flame. After much chatter Naguib asked that Zhao Chung and Omar of the patch speak with the Q'in. They returned in but a few moments, laughing, carrying a large bundle of dried horse dung tied with leather thongs. The bundle they threw to the feet of Minkaff then walked off, laughing still. Minkaff shrugged and picked up the bundle. He pointed to the fires of the Q'in warriors. 'Their fires burn well' he said. 'I am sure that ours also will burn with a fine flame.'
Our tents and our kitchen were set upon the soft grass and but a few moments passed that our fires burned bright and strong and our dinner bubbled in the vats above the flames. The saddles we took from our horses and dropped in a circle about the fire, also set with rugs upon which we would sit before sleep. Our horses we set loose upon the banks of the stream. Short ropes of braided leather, not more than three cubits in length, were tied at the front feet of each horse such that it might still move about to eat and to drink but such that it could not run into the darkness and thus be lost to our band. The short ropes had been given by Liu Sheng and were known as ma panshan. Each rope was adorned with symbols of birds and animals and painted with colours of gold and red and green, as with all things of the Ha'ka.
But we were not to eat of Minkaff's fare on that cold evening. Even as we sat upon our rugs, holding our hands to the golden flames of our fire, a tall Q'in warrior walked into our camp, followed by two warriors. He wore no mask but I saw that it was Dong Yun, the warrior that had ridden at the left of Bo Mingyu. We had now taken our hats from our heads and placed these with our saddles and weapons at the side of our camp. Dong Yun and the other warriors were clothed still in their armour, their helmets upon their heads, their long spears to hand. I saw that Dong Yun now wore a sword, strapped unto his waist with a broad belt of leather coloured in reds and golds. Dong Yun looked to Zhao Chung and raised his arm. He spoke loudly for many moments, sometimes turning and pointing to the tent of Bo Mingyu. After listening to Dong Yun's words and making many nods of respect Zhao Chung turned to Naguib.
'Bo Mingyu wishes that we join him, that we must take tea at his tent. But he asks that only Naguib and Zhao and Yanzhao, he of the eyepatch, and one other should come forward. In respect he sends food for all other men of our cohort.' As Zhao spoke we saw four men, large of girth and dressed as cooks, come forward from the shadows. They walked in twos, carrying between them long trays made from wood. On each tray sat three vats of bronze, each filled with meats and grains and steaming in the cold air. These they placed upon the grass nearby our fire then faded quickly into the darkness.
Naguib nodded to Zhao Chung, and then to Omar and to me, such that we all went forth to meet with Bo Mingyu. But first we must run to the bundles taken from the racks of the packhorses. Zhao Cheung had said unto Naguib that an offering is made for all who stand before the son of the Khan. He said also that the Q'in would so name this offering a gong, and that it was as is done by the Summerian who would so name it baksheesh. And so we gathered many ointments and beads and polished stones, sandals of soft leather, beaten with gold leaf and hung with beads, bolts of fine cotton, white as sea foam and soft as a maiden's breast, knives with handles of ivory and blades of bronze, the Pharaoh's crest set upon each blade. All would Naguib gift unto Bo Mingyu. As we left the warmth of our fire I saw our comrades fall upon the food. Minkaff and Sione stood behind the vats and filled the bowls of the men as they came forward. I saw Isesi fill two bowls then sit and place the bowls between his legs. I hoped that Bo Mingyu would place much food before us for I knew that Minkaff's vats would be scraped clean long err we returned unto our fire.

* * *

(Here endeth the seventh night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
Naguib takes mai'tai
with Bo Mingyu
(Here is written the eighth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Imhotep has carried sweet oils and ointments from the souq. He is forgiven. Almost.)
Dong Yun swept aside the hanging cloth at the entry to Bo Mingyu's tent and we entered. Rugs of shining cloth covered the earth, each set with many cushions and bowls filled with meats and nuts and green plants and fruits. Some also were filled with the white grain that Liu Sheng also brought forth and some with the long white reeds, cooked in water and eaten while still hot to the tongue. At each side of the tent were set poles and upon each pole a torch burned, bright and golden, with a sweet smell as if the sap of a tree. At the rear of the tent was set a pole with a long crosspiece. The pole was painted in colours of gold and silver and upon the crosspiece, sat two large birds, unmoving, their heads covered in hoods of leather. To me they looked as if eagles, or mayhap hawks or falcons, much as those that fly above the desert wastes of my homeland.
Bo Mingyu bowed his head to all then sat again upon the cushions. Dong Yun waved his hand and we joined Bo Mingyu. Bo Mingyu clapped his hands and the two cooks came forth from the curtains at the rear of the tent. They carried large urns and from these they filled the cups that sat upon the rugs nearby our cushions. Bo Mingyu looked upon the gifts brought forth by Naguib and nodded his head many times. He was well pleased and so he held his cup before him. Omar said that we should also hold forth our cups. After many words Bo Mingyu held his cup high and shouted. Ganbei! We also shouted. Ganbei! Then all drank deeply of the cups. Each cup was filled with mai'tai and, truth be known, it tasted as always, as if the nectar of the Gods.
Bo Mingyu spoke of the splendours of the court of Deng Feng, of hanging gardens filled with birds of great beauty. These he called kong che and gezi. Omar said to us that in the courts of Damasc these would be known as peacocks and pigeons. Bo Mingyu said also that the gardens were filled with many trees and plants and flowers. He spoke of the mudan, a flower of great beauty and one that grows throughout the land of the Q'n. Many words we learned that night as Bo Mingyu and Naguib spoke of food and weapons, of horses and great oceans, of mighty ships and strange beasts. We learned that the bow carried by the Q'in was called gong, the arrow jiantou, the spears known as shuo, the horse as ma, the metal loop for each foot as deng, the river he and the mountains shan. And as we ate of the fine foods that Bo Mingyu had placed before us Naguib pointed to each and asked its name. The white grain was called mi - and known as rice - the white ribbons were called miantiou - Omar said that these were known to the Summerian as noodles.
Naguib and Bo Mingyu spoke long into the night, Zhao Chung listening, then speaking with Omar and with each in turn so that each knew the words of the other. Bo Mingyu said that he came from the court of Deng Feng, mayhap four, moons ride to the north. He said that in the great city of Deng Feng his father, Bo Guo Lung, the Great Khan, held court and sent forth his sons to the far reaches of the land, to collect taxes and to secure the land against the barbarians of the west. These he called the menngu ren. This Omar said to us on the next morning. But, as he sat upon the cushions and the torches burned low, Bo Mingyu's voice was clotted and thick, rough as is the broken gravel at the feet of our horses. Our ears heard only one word. Mongol!
Omar asked of the Mongol. Who were they? From where did they come? Were they men, who walked and talked as did we? Or were they demons? Bo Mingyu said that the Mongol lived far to the west, deep inside the dry wastes of the Gebi. He called this also the Da Shamo, the Great Desert. He said that they were indeed men as were we, that they clothed themselves in the skins of animals and were fierce and warlike and rode upon horses of great strength and speed. He said that they could ride at the full pace of the horse yet still throw many arrows from their bow, the flight of each arrow sure and terrible. Each Mongol had many horses, greater than a score, such that he might ride always a fresh animal. And he lived in a tent of tree branches and animals skins, carried upon the backs of his horses and raised wherever he wished to sleep, and known as a ger.
Bo Mingyu also spoke of many battles with the Mongol, fought by his father, and by his father's father, and by his father before. Many were the battles that the Q'in had defeated the Mongol. But many also were the battles that the Mongol had defeated the Q'in. So it was that Bo Mingyu's ancestor had built a great wall, one that stretched far across the land of the Q'in and so hold back the Mongol hordes. Bo Mingyu said that this wall was known as the Great Wall in the Clouds and that even now many thousands of Q'in workers toiled at its face. For it must span the whole of the land and so the work must go on. Bo Mingyu said also that the Great Wall was such that oft the Mongol could not pass and so many Q'in were spared, but also that the Wall still was not complete and that many times the Mongol came into the land of the Q'in and carried away great riches.
Bo Mingyu said also that Mongol was fearless and travelled great distances across the sandy wastes of the Gebi and far beyond, into the lands beyond the horizon, lands of grass and water and gold and jewels, until the Mongol ruled a kingdom greater even than the land of the Q'in. Omar said that the Mongol warrior was fierce but knew no mercy, that he might carry great riches unto the Mongol leader yet set only slavery and fear and death upon the peoples of the lands where the Mongol roamed. Never, he said, would the Q'in live in fear or slavery to any man. I felt a touch of ice at my neck as Omar spoke to us of Bo Mingyu's words. I touched the amulet at my neck and spoke a small prayer to Osiris that we might journey safely. I did not wish to meet the Mongol. You know by now of course that my prayers are seldom answered.

* * *

Bo Mingyu and Naguib were making salutation, their earthen cups held high, when we heard the clatter of horses. Bo Mingyu nodded to Dong Yun who rose and walked from the tent. From outside came the rattle of leathers, the soft snorts of horses, the rough voices of warriors. Then the hanging cloth at the entry to the tent was again swept aside. Three warriors walked into the tent. I saw in a moment that they were led by the warrior maiden.
They strode to the side of Bo Mingyu's seat upon the cushions, all falling upon one knee and bowing their heads. Bo Mingyu waved one arm but said nothing. All the warriors rose. All wore full armour and their helmets but none carried a weapon. Dong Yun stood at the entry, near the hanging cloth, one hand upon the hilt of his sword. The warrior maiden spoke many words to Bo Mingyu who listened without speaking, his eyes upon the birds at the rear of the tent. As she spoke he brought small pieces of food unto his lips or supped from his cup. The warrior maiden stood with gloved hands clasped at her belt, her voice soft and clear as is the first warm breeze of the spring yet each word firm and strong.
After many long moments Bo Mingyu turned to the three warriors. He spoke few words, his voice again rough and clotted. Each of the warriors fell again to their knee and bowed their heads then rose as one and turned and walked from the tent, Dong Yun holding aside the hanging cloth that they might pass. I saw a bright flash of dark eyes from the warrior maiden and then she was gone. We heard another rattle of leathers and armour then the soft footfalls of horses moving off into the night.
Bo Mingyu leaned forward, his eyes upon Naguib. His voice grumbled as he spoke. He pointed to the entry to the tent and swept his arm unto the north and the west, mai'tai and food spilling into his beard and upon his tunic. His teeth shone yellow in the flickering light of the torches, his eyes black and gleaming. Zhao Cheung also sat close by Naguib, listening to Bo Mingyu. Then he turned to Omar who then turned to Naguib.
'The warrior you have seen is known by the name of Jin Mudan. In our tongue this is said as the Golden Peony. It is so written in the golden plaque that is set upon her helmet. She rides with the first son of the Great Khan and has shared many expeditions. Bo Mingyu has said that she is fearless and also is the most skilled of all horsemen.'
I touched Naguib on the arm. 'But a woman? Never have we seen a woman ride in a war party with men. Is this a custom of the Q'in?'
Naguib spoke with Omar, who spoke with Zhao Cheung, who spoke with Bo Mingyu. It was indeed a slow and ponderous task. After many words Omar turned back to Naguib. 'No Agi. It is not a custom of the Q'in that women should ride to war with men. But the Golden Peony is much loved by her father who is wont to give her always whatever she may wish. And it is that her father is also the father of Bo Mingyu. So it is that she is sister to Bo Mingyu. He has said that it is a burdensome task to have a sister such as she.'
A sister to Bo Mingyu! I looked again at the face of Bo Mingyu and I felt my body shake. For Bo Mingyu was a strong man, that was clear, of large girth and with great strength of arm and leg. But when I looked upon his face I saw dark eyes, small and black as are dates, pushed deep into a pudding of dough, round cheeks touched with rose, a small mouth with lips of red, shaped as are the petals of a flower, the long hairs of a beard that hung only from the sides of his face and from his chin, a nose so large and hooked as to bring to my thoughts the bow of our mighty ship and long ears that hung upon the sides of his head, so long that they touched upon the collar of his tunic. Bo Mingyu, yes, was a man of majesty but with a face that might fill the dreams of children with demons and monsters. I recalled the shining eye and the beautiful brow that looked upon me on the hilltop. If Bo Mingyu's face might bring fear to the hearts of children what face would I see when at last I looked upon the face of the Golden Peony? All I could do was pray that the warrior maiden did not have a face as that of her brother. And of course, yet again I ask myself, when has it ever been that my prayers are answered? I raised the cup to my lips and supped long on the mai'tai and turned my ears to Omar.

* * *

Naguib also spoke long into the night, telling Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun of our long journey. He spoke of the Lion of the Sands, of the quest of our Pharaoh, of our mighty ship and of our journey from the far land of Egypt to the shores of Gond. Bo Mingyu asked much of Naguib as he spoke, for he wished to know of the mighty ship and where he might walk upon its deck, of the oceans we had sailed, of the arks of ice and the low isles of Gond, of the Men of Earth and Straw, of the land of Egypt and of the mighty Beast. He asked also of the Nubians, for never had he seen such men, their skins marked in scars and lumps and sometimes marked with ash, their heads shaven and shining in the sun. Omar said that Bo Mingyu believed they were devils when first he had seen them. He said that if they had not ridden beside the Jinse Toufa - the Golden Hairs - it would be that his warriors must throw spears and arrows to them and strike them down.
Much mai'tai had now passed our lips and those of Bo Mingyu so there was much laughter. Bo Mingyu also gave a name to Naguib. He called the name Zise - the purple one. In truth, Naguib's skin was dark from the many moons of burning sun such that the purple mark upon his face we now might see only in the brightest of days. Naguib threw back his head when told of the name of Zise. He laughed and bowed to Bo Mingyu and pointed to Omar. Yauzhao said Bo Mingyu - Eye Patch. Naguib pointed to me. Hong Huzi said Bo Mingyu, tapping his head. Red Beard. I bowed unto Bo Mingyu. I thought this to be a fine name.
Omar said that we should travel with the Q'in to the court of Deng Feng, that Bo Mingyu wished that we meet with his father and speak of our travels. He also wished to learn from Omar and Zhao Chung such that he might speak in the tongue of Egypt and for this we must stay for many days in the court. He said that he was joined with a woman of the name of Zhao Lau Fen and that she had given him two sons and a daughter. His brothers Bo Dai Lei and Bo Pong Lei also attended the court and would wish to meet with our band and learn of our travels. Omar also said to us that Bo Mingyu had asked that the Golden Peony and her cohort ride far to the west of the path of our caravan. For it was from the west that the Mongol might come and so the Golden Peony and her warriors would ride to ensure the safety of all. Omar said that they would ride far, that they travelled with little food and water and would return only after a half score of days, or even greater.
When we returned to our beds, deep in the night, such that all slept and the fires burned low and only the guards stood awake at the edges of the camp, so much mai'tai had we taken that we walked as if old men. The night air was cold with a touch of ice but the night was clear and the stars burned white in the heavens. I fell to my bed and pulled my blanket tight around me. My head I rested upon my saddle, my boots upon the grass. As sleep claimed me my thoughts were filled with the riches of the Q'in, the armour, the horses, the weapons, the tents and the banners, the wagons filled with goods. I made solemn oath to Osiris that no matter the time we journeyed with the Q'in, be it two moons or ten, I would learn all that I might of their customs and their ways. And even of their tongue. For to truly know a man it was certain that you must know his tongue and that he also should know yours. And I saw again the bright eyes gleaming and I wondered at the warrior maiden. Where was she? Did she now look upon these same stars? What was in her thoughts? And, I must be true, I again asked myself what was it to look upon her face? Again my body shook as Bo Mingyu's face floated before me. I closed my eyes. Many days were to pass before I knew the answers to these questions.

* * *

It was a mighty caravan that moved across the land. Bo Mingyu rode at the head of our band. Close behind him rode Naguib, Omar, Zhao Chung and Dong Yun. Behind followed greater than three score of warriors, a score of wagons and yet five score of horses. At the rear of this host rode my comrades and I, our packhorses following. A warrior rode far out to each side of the caravan and also far to the fore, so as to give warning should there be danger or should our caravan come upon a camp or a village. And or course, in the far distance, beyond the tops of the hills and far beyond the sight of our eyes, rode the warrior maiden and her band, seeking also to make early warning should danger arise.
Our journey to Deng Feng was to span many days for the distance was great. But we travelled with speed, north through valleys of green, past hills covered with short trees and many bushes, beside wide streams coloured with the red mud of the hills and beside narrow sweet streams of clear green water. Each day was long in the saddle, rising at the first kiss of the sun and riding without rest until the sun touched the far horizon. Many nights I fell from my horse, my legs and back sore and aching. And yet still we must tend the horses and prepare our camp before we could go to our beds. And many was the night that I fell to my blankets without food, my eyes heavy with sleep. Though the winter season was near, still the land burst with colour and life. We saw many animals and birds. Animals of black and white bodies, with white faces and black ears. Of these there were many, rolling upon their backs and eating long stands of zhu. Omar said to us that this was known as bam'boo. We also saw strange beasts, not greater than two cubits in length, with the head and long ears of a rat but covered with a green armour as of leather and a tail as of that of the asp. These the Q'in called the qiu yu. Many of these were taken by the Q'in warriors and roasted upon their fires. We ate well when the Q'in hunted the qiu yu. Even the belly of Isesi was filled.
We followed the North Star. At least I believe this to be so for Naguib had said this unto me. The journey was not a hardship, not as our journey had been as we sailed the frozen oceans of the south, our decks coated in ice, our bodies frozen in the rain and storms, our bellies aching from hunger. No. Our journey north to Deng Feng had ample water and grass, and each day much game was brought down by the bows of the warriors, and sometimes by the bows or spears of my comrades. We ate of lie xi, a strange dragon like animal, sometimes two cubits in its length and covered in a skin of rough scales. The flesh, when cooked, was white and without fat. It did not taste as of anything I had known but it was welcome at our table.
Many nights we ate also of xiong, a fat rounded animal, red in colour and of great girth and much hair, with strong teeth and long claws. It tasted as does the flesh of a goat. Omar said that the animal had the colour and claws of the bears of the Sumerian mountains though mayhap it was of greater size. The cooks of Bo Mingyu also harvested many plants and roots as we journeyed north and cooked these with rice and noodles in a broth. This also was welcome at our table. Gase and Mushariff spoke well of these foods such that Minkaff became unhappy and refused to cook for three days. At last Naguib spoke with Omar, who spoke with Zhao Chung, who spoke with the cooks, who at last took Minkaff so to teach to him the ways of their kitchen. And peace was restored.

* * *

(Here endeth the eighth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
Seas of grass stretch endless unto the
horizon, strewn with yellow flowers
(Here is written the ninth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
We rode north through a land of grasses, along wide flat valleys cut with streams and ringed by low hills with sides of broken grey rock or the red scars of freshly fallen earth, loosened by the rains. Many times we climbed to the tops of low hills, along trails rough with rocks and mud and fallen trees and bushes until, upon reaching the top of the hill, only to wind down unto the valley floor beyond. Many times our caravan was turned aside by rock walls and sometimes by the winding valleys that twisted and turned upon themselves as might a nest of asps, such that we must halt often and seek for a different path. And as we journeyed we felt the seasons move upon us, the nights cold, the mornings oft greeting us with ice upon the grass and thin mists along the streams. Many days were clear and filled with sun, sometimes pale and weak behind the high clouds yet sometimes burning upon our shoulders. But many mornings the mists rose thick and white across our path, rain falling in sheets as we journeyed through tall wet grasses that slapped at our leggings and the bellies of our horses. On some days so much rain fell upon the earth that we could not make a fire and so we went to our beds cold and wet, our bellies empty but for dried meats and nuts.
But the land of the Q'in was indeed beautiful. The valleys were green and long, their floors cut with many streams, the grasses thick and tall as far as the eye could see. In the far distance, beyond the low hills to the north and to the west, we saw the tall spires of mountains, a bright gleam of snow in the clouds that swirled about them. But these mountains were far distant. Zhao Cheung said that our journey would be hard, that many hills and rivers and valleys lay before us. He said that our journey to Deng Feng would take mayhap four score of days and that there were many rivers to cross and many hills to climb. Zhao Cheung said that our journey would take us to the mightiest of all rivers when we reached the city of Chongqing. This river he called Changjiang, the Mighty Yangtze, a great river that flowed through the heartland of the Q'in, bringing water to the parched earths of the farmlands that lay along its valley and to all that lived thereon. And further north, near the city of Xian, Zhao Cheung said that we would come upon the Huanghe, the Yellow River. This, he said, was another of the mighty rivers of the Q'in. The Yellow River flowed from the north, wide and filled with mud, deep yellow of colour, rich in goodness for the crops of rice and sorghum that grew at its edges and so wide and so deep as to have many ships, used by farmers to carry grains from the fields unto the merchants of the city.
Each day we saw Bo Mingyu ride out from the caravan until many cubits distant. He rode in full armour, his bow caught to his saddle behind his leg, one hand upon the reins. His other arm he held to the fore, clothed in leather, and set upon the leather one of the fierce birds we had seen within his tent. As we watched Bo Mingyu unlaced the leather hood that sat upon the head of the bird and held his arm high. In but a moment the bird was gone, first flying low above of the tips of the grasses then soaring high into the sky such that it was all but lost to our eyes. We watched as the falcon - for so Zhao Cheung had told us, that the birds indeed were falcons - flew high above until dropping from the sky as does an arrow. When Bo Mingyu returned to the caravan he carried the bird, the hood again secured at its throat, the torn and bloody furs of an animal hanging from his saddle. Sometimes, when the falcon had taken more than one catch, Dong Yun might bring an animal to Minkaff. These Minkaff would cook in his vats, mixed with plants gathered from the edges of the streams or with the long white noodles given by the cooks of Bo Mingyu.

* * *

On two nights Naguib went forth and shared a dinner in the tent of Bo Mingyu. Naguib always would have Omar and Zhao Cheung at his side for to speak with Bo Mingyu called always for Bo Mingyu to speak with Zhao Cheung in the tongue of the Q'in. And then that Zhao Cheung must speak with Omar in the Summerian tongue. And then that Omar must speak with Naguib in the Egyptian tongue. Naguib said that sometimes, if Bo Mingyu spoke for long moments, he might fall asleep, only to be kicked by Omar such that he did not show disrespect unto our hosts. Naguib also said that always was Dong Yun close by the side of Bo Mingyu and that Dong Yun did not look upon our band with favour. As we sat at the fire one evening, the flames leaping gold and red, the sparks streaming into the darkness, the stars shining white in the black sky, I asked Naguib why this was so. Naguib shook his head. 'I do not know Agi. I do not know of any ill will that has been shown to Dong Yun by any within our band. But he looks upon us with evil eye and oft sniffs or coughs when Omar speaks with me. It may be no more than that we are different. And that is all. But still I fear that he looks upon the Egyptians and Nubians with contempt and that he may do us harm if we do not take care.'
I recall that I thought on these words for long moments as I looked into the flames of our evening fire. Naguib spoke again. 'Of course it may be only that Dong Yun shows contempt for all who are not of the Q'in. Zhao Cheung has also said that Dong Yun is a friend to Bo Dai Lei, the brother of Bo Mingyu, and so it is that he does not have full in trust in Dong Yun.' Naguib tapped his finger upon his nose and raised his shoulders in a shrug. 'But this should not be of concern to us. We have many days yet of travel with Dong Yun. I will make time that I speak with him. Mayhap we will become friends.'
Each day we watched as many of the Q'in warriors rode forth to the side of the caravan, their spears high, banners curling in the breezes, their horses sturdy and round, the plumes of their helmets bobbing as they moved across the valley floor. There we would watch as they rode their short red horses back and forth across the grasslands, hanging from their saddles and throwing many arrows from their bows. The Q'in were horsemen of great skill, and I knew that they prepared themselves well. For each day spent in the saddle and each arrow loosed from a bow might one day be their salvation. Some of the Q'in warriors, mayhap a score, rode with the caravan, while the other raced back and forth. But on the next morning, when Dong Yun rode forth with the warriors, we saw that the warrior guard for the caravan was changed such that those who rode with the caravan on the day past now sported in the field. In this way Dong Yun gave great practice to all warriors. I saw that he was a man of strong mind and much skill and wisdom. Rarely did I venture near Bo Mingyu but always it seemed that he looked upon our band with kindness, though few words did I hear. I wondered again of the dark looks of Dong Yun and why Naguib had said that Dong Yun might be a danger unto our band. Few moons would pass err the Gods chose to show me why this was so.

* * *

The day was one of rain and cold winds, our horses moving with heads down, our path muddied and wet. I rode this day at the rear of the caravan, beside Gase, who sat upon his horse Bassira as if born to the saddle. Of all the Nubians only Gase had become a true horseman. It was true, yes, that all in our band were now able horsemen, but only Gase showed love for his horse and true skill. Behind us, their heads down, long leads slapping upon the wet earth, the packhorses followed. Naguib and Zhao Cheung rode at the head of the caravan nearby Omar and Bo Mingyu. Dong Yun rode far to our fore with a half score of warriors. The rain was such that we could not see where they rode. Many days had passed that I had not seen the warrior maiden though, in truth, it was that my thoughts had turned to her many times. Where could she be I asked myself. I had not dared to ask of her to Naguib or Zhao Cheung, for I feared Naguib's wrath and I did not wish to offend the customs of our hosts. Indeed I did not know what custom it was that I might offend for never before had I seen a woman in armour. I thought it a strange thing, mayhap something found only in the land of the Q'in.
But one evening, as we dined upon the flesh of a small deer, brought down by the net of rocks and rope that Zhao Cheung hung upon his saddle, the chatter turned unto the warrior maiden. I said nothing but listened. Many of my comrades also had never before seen a woman in armour although one of the Nubians, Meskel, said to us that his sister, one who lived still in the far south of Egypt, had once loosed an arrow from a bow such that it flew further than those of the men. There was much laughter until Omar said that when he had journeyed in Sumer he had seen a full column of warriors and that all had been women. He said that all Sumerians and all their foes had greatly feared the women warriors for they showed no mercy and were cruel and heartless, more so than any man. Omar said that they were known as the Black Crows and that their cruelty was known and feared across many lands but also that they were praised by their ruler for their courage and their fearlessness. Omar shrugged 'Mayhap the princess has the nature of the Black Crows' he said, 'and is cruel and harsh. All here should pay heed and not venture near for if Bo Mingyu does not take your head from your shoulders so then might it be the princess.'
Sage words indeed I thought as I rode through the rain, my head bent such that the water spilled from the front of my helmet. I heard a bark from Meskel and looked to the fore of our column. There I saw that Naguib had come to a halt, his hand high. A horn sounded, far distant but clear. Then, though the rain still fell, I saw through the mist that riders came towards our caravan. Again the horn sounded. I knew that this could only be Dong Yun returning from his foray. So, leaving Meskel to tend unto the packhorses, I rode quickly to the head of the column, Kharim's hooves splashing in the mud and water. When I came beside Naguib I saw that a large group of horsemen approached. As the rain eased I saw banners bobbing above the heads of the coming riders and that it was Dong Yun who returned, a score of warriors to his rear. But I saw also that he did not lead, for at the head of the returning force rode a single warrior, fine of form and straight of back, a lance held forth in one hand, its hilt secured at her foot. It was the warrior maiden.

* * *

Naguib, Omar and Zhao Cheung went forth to meet with Bo Mingyu. I and my comrades remained in our saddles, though we loosed our reins and our horses lowered their heads and moved about slowly, eating of the wet grasses. I watched as the horses of Dong Yun and the warrior maiden came beside Bo Mingyu. Naguib and Omar and Zhao Cheung held their horses to the rear. I could hear no words but I saw arms waved and heads moving. Dong Yun turned in his saddle and pointed towards the hills to our fore. I saw also that the warrior maiden did not move but sat easily in her saddle, one gloved hand clasped to the pommel of her saddle, the other to her lance.
At last Bo Mingyu raised his lance and pointed it to the far hills and I saw Naguib turn his horse away, followed by Omar and Zhao Cheung. It was but a few moments when they returned, the hooves of their horses beating a soft drum upon the wet earth. They brought their horses to a halt at my side. The rain had eased and now fell but softly upon our shoulders. 'Dong Yun and the Golden Peony have returned. Chongqing lies not a half day's ride to our north, beyond the far hills.' said Naguib. 'We will sleep in warm beds this night.'
It was now greater than a score of days that we had joined with the Q'in. We had travelled a great distance but now it was that we neared the city of Chongqing. We came upon many villages of small houses of mud with plaited reeds at their roof and small pens at the side, filled with pigs and goats. And the hillsides now were cut with many small fields, dammed and filled with water such that it was as if a mighty staircase climbed from the valley floor unto the hilltops. Zhao Cheung said unto Omar that these were known as doatian but that we should know them as paddies as this was their true Summerian name. In these the Q'in farmers worked, their bodies small and dark from the sun and the wind and the rain, planting and tending to crops of rice. Zhao Cheung said that the rains were trapped in each of the paddies such that each was filled with water until, once filled, the waters drained into the paddy below and so until all the paddies were filled with water. In each paddy the farmers would plant a crop of rice, mayhap one in each season. Of our band many were farmers who had toiled in the valley of the Nile and who so knew of the season of the flood and the great wealth of rich earth that came with the rising waters. But never had they tended a crop for each season. There would be much chatter that night at the dinner fire.
Our caravan moved slowly through wet grasses and soft rain. Ahead we could see more villages and many hillsides cut with paddies. Our path was thick with mud and deep pools of water but we did not journey far before we joined a path marked by beaten earth, firm beneath the hooves of our horses and cut with the marks of many horses and carts. On each side were small houses, no more than hovels, more fit for swine than for man. Inside these hovels, for many had no covering at door or window, we saw small people, dark of skin, dressed in ragged garments and marked with mud and grime. Small fires glowed in the darkness of the hovels, smoke creeping from each roof through plaited reeds. At one door I saw a small child, clad only in a tunic, legs and feet bare and blue in the cold of the day, its nose dripping and red. As I looked at it the child cried out in fear and ran into the hovel.
As we moved closer to Chongqing our path widened and climbed towards the peak of a low hill. I saw that our path was now set with large stones, such that the hooves of our horses clattered upon the stones as does a sword hilt when struck upon a door. Above us hung a dark mist, as if the smoke of the fires of the many hovels had curdled with the fog, ripe with the sharp scents of burning waste. At the peak of the hill we saw a tall gate of stone, wide such that a half score of horses might ride beneath, one beside the other unhindered. Set upon its top lay a long beam of timber painted in colours of red and gold. But the night approached and in the dark mist the colours had become the black of dried blood and the cold silver of a sword's blade. I felt an omen come upon me and I grasped the amulet at my throat and brought it to my lips.
The tall gate of stone and wood sat atop the hill, low stone walls to each side. The walls were blackened as if by fire and made from blocks of carved rock, many greater in size than Kharim, others as large as a small pig. All blocks were set tight, one upon the other, and I could see that the wall was well made and sturdy. As we rode beneath the dark red beam of the gate and its silver-golden symbols the last light of the day fell from the sky and the rain departed. The wide path fell away before us, winding down into a long valley, shrouded in the fading mists of rain and stretching into the far darkness at the horizon.
As we passed through the gate Naguib held up one hand and we brought our caravan to a halt. I sat upon Kharim, beside Naguib and Omar and Zhao Cheung and we stared at the vista before us. Zhao Cheung had said to us that Chongqing was a mighty city and that the Chiangjiang also was a mighty river. It was that he spoke truly for the city before us and the river to its north were greater than any that ever we had seen, or mayhap even dreamed. Greater than Abydos, greater than Memphis, greater even than Thebes, and greater than the mighty Nile. And at our feet a spray of gleaming jewels floated in the darkness, the lights and fires of Chongqing, spilling down the hillsides and along the floor of a wide valley into the far distance where the silver-black waters of the Yangtze flowed. My nose and mouth were filled with the smells and tastes of Q'in'a, of smoke and spices, of dung and human waste, and sandalwood and flowers, of dust and rain and grasses, of pigs and goats and horses, and breads and broths and noodles. My belly growled as I breathed deeply of the rich brew. And as we journeyed down the hillside the small houses of the Q'in crowded close upon us, their windows and doorways lit by the fires within, the smoke of their fires drifting thick about our heads. In some we saw men pounding with great hammers, sparks bursting into the air, their muscles corded and sharp in the golden light while behind them a great hearth of red and gold flame belched smoke and cinders into the night. In others women cooked at huge vats, steam and mist rising around them, their faces red and wet with heat. In yet others we saw many men carrying sacks, of what we did not know but so many as to number greater than a hundred score, nay a thousand score, piled high in rows, one atop the other. To each side of our path the merchants called, offering trays of sweetbreads; of meats raw and red and cut in large pieces from the bodies of animals; of many birds, hung in rows by the neck, some smoked, some cooked in spices, some fresh killed; of nuts and spices, coloured in yellow and red and green and sharp unto the nose; of green plants and vegetables and fruits; of hot loaves and sweetened teas. And beneath all, beneath the smells and beneath the jeweled lights, the throb of the city, as if a monstrous heart thundered, louder and yet louder and pulsing with the roar of a great host of voices.
At the sides of our path ran deep channels cut of stone, filled with waste and water and at the sides of the channels men, women and children of all ages, ran to and fro, some carrying large cabinets set upon long poles, others trays of steaming food, many with baskets or nets filled with squirming animals and birds. We heard the sounds of ducks, of chickens, of goats and pigs, of quail and pigeons. We heard a deep honking sound, as if from a bird, but one that I had never known. We heard the hard voices of the merchants, the shouts of women and men, the cries of children and the stamp of many feet. Night had fallen and the evening had darkened around us but the city's heart beat with a life such as we had never seen. It was as if we had entered into a nest of ants, so vast as to be without end, the great hordes streaming through the veins of a mighty city in the cycle of life that has no end.

* * *

(Here endeth the ninth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
The days and nights grow cold
(Here is written the tenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
On the morning of our second day in Chongquinq Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun went forth to meet with the warlord of the great city, there to take tea and demand the tribute of the Great Khan. Zhao Cheung had said unto us that the name of the warlord was Shan Xiao and that in Summerian this was said as Little Mountain. Zhao said that Shan Xiao stood only to the shoulder of Bo Mingyu but that his girth was that of five men and such that when he stood before you in full armour you knew that no horse could carry him. Zhao Cheung laughed and said that Shan Xiao loved zao gao, a cake made of the dates of the western oases and crushed grains and mixed with many eggs and the syrup of the cane. Such was his great girth.
Shan Xiao welcomed Bo Mingyu and his retainers to his fortress, a house of rock and heavy timbers, set upon a small hill nearby the edge of the river to the north of the city. The fortress was guarded by strong walls of stone and a mighty gate made from logs of black timber, bound with straps of bronze and leather. Below the fortress a stable was set close against the stone walls. Beyond lay a long field, many cubits in length and also wide, filled with grasses and flowers. Here we made camp and loosed our horses. The packhorses we placed within the stables such that we took the racks from their backs and placed these together with the many provisions and other goods that we carried. Naguib said to Meskel and Isesi that they must watch over the provisions that they should not be stolen. Isesi began to whine when Naguib spoke of this and so it was that Mashane again struck Isesi upon the head. There was no more of the whining.
The stable was a long building, set against the walls of the fortress for greater than six hundred cubits, as far even as an arrow might fly even when loosed from the strongest bow. Its walls were bricks of mud and its roof of thatched reeds. There were many stalls, each with only three walls such that horses could move easily into and from each. In each stall we could place three horses together with mounds of grass cut from the field,yet a man still might walk with ease among the horses and the grasses. There was mayhap greater than two score of stalls so many horses we placed within the stable. The others we tethered close by on the grasses. Naguib asked that all packhorses be tended and that only after this we should tend our own horses. This task he asked of Sione, Gase and myself. While Naguib and the Omars walked the streets of Chongqinq, haggling for goods and bartering fine clothes and ointments and beads we toiled in the stable, brushing coats and tails and manes and cleaning the hooves of the packhorses. For two more days we toiled.
On the fourth day of our camp in Chongqinq, the sun low to the horizon and the sky darkening, I cleaned the hooves of Kharim. Sione and Gase also worked on their horses but were distant from me, mayhap a score of rooms, and closer by the edge of the river. Isesi and Meskel sat with their backs at the wall nearby Sione and Gase, sullen still in their resentment of the task given them by Naguib but ever too fearful to disobey his ruling. I heard the rattle of leathers and harness and the soft hoofbeats of horses and I rose and looked unto the field. I saw that Naguib and Omar and Zhao Cheung approached. Naguib dismounted and strode forward, calling that we should come together. Omar and Zhao Cheung remained in their saddles, their reins loose, their hands gathered at the pommel. Naguib said to us that Bo Mingyu had said to him that the caravan would go forth from Chongqinq on the next morning and that we would continue our journey unto Deng Feng. Naguib said that all horses should stand ready at first light with saddles tightened and all provisions and goods tied firmly to the racks of the packhorses. I said to Naguib that all horses were now ready and that all provisions and barter goods had been bundled and tied upon racks. These we would load to each horse in the early darkness, before first light.
Naguib said also that all men should look to their weapons and carry these always in readiness, for our journey now passed close by the lands of the Mongol. Naguib said also that Shan Xiao had given a score of warriors that would travel with our caravan to the city of Xian and that our force now counted five score of warriors. Naguib said that Zhao Cheung had spoken of the Mongol bands that roamed to the north but that these were small bands and did not number greater than two score of men. And if the Mongol was to come upon our band of five score of seasoned warriors then, by the Gods, might the battle be short and to our favour.

* * *

We rose in the darkness of the morning, before the sun, and continued our journey unto Deng Feng. The Yangtze stretched wide and flat to our left side, its waters the colour of ink in the early light, cut with swirls of hidden rocks and sands and dimpled with the lamps of fishing boats, none even of the length of a small dhow but so many as to be as moths to a flame. Our path would take us to the north, following the edge of the mighty river and past its joining with another mighty river, said by Zhao Cheung to be the Jialing. After we had passed by the joining of the rivers we would cross the Yangtze at a bridge of corded timbers, long wide logs laid across the girths of many small boats and stretched across the river and lashed with thick ropes of many braids, larger even than those of our mighty ship.
Our caravan was large and moved slowly such that the sun was high in the sky before all men and packhorses had crossed the river. Chongqinq lay behind us, its walls and towers a dusty yellow in the afternoon sun, the sky above darkened with the soot of its many fires. I rode to rear of the caravan, nearby the packhorses, Sione and Meskel rode beside me. I had not seen the Golden Peony for many days and as Kharim stepped onto the grasses on the far side of the river I looked unto the fore, where Naguib and Omar and Zhao Cheung rode with Bo Mingyu. But I could not see the Golden Peony and I could not see Dong Yun.
After we had crossed the corded bridge we left the side of the mighty Yangtze as it turned to the east. Our path was to the north, unto the city of Dazhou and then onward to Xian. Naguib had said to us in the early morning that our journey may be greater than a score of days for Xian was far distant. But our path would be easy he said for we would follow the long valleys where our horses too would find much grass and water. Before us there stretched a flat green valley with low hills to each side, far distant to be sure, for the valley was of great width, strung with the green of trees and bushes but also with broken teeth of rock and the sharp spires of dead trees. The land was rich with water and grasses but gave little shelter from the cold winds. Beneath the beauty lay a cruel hand. A winter in these valleys would be one of great hardship.

* * *

For six days we journeyed north following the winding streams and grasses along the endless valleys. Winter indeed did come upon us for the nights were oft so cold as to turn water to ice, the grasses touched with frost, the morning air sharp upon our faces, our tunics and the coats of our horses rimed in white. Our caravan made good time, rising at first light and moving at steady pace until the sun dipped below the far hills. Each night we slept close by our fires, our tunics pulled tight around us, our leather hats laced beneath our chins, our saddles at our head, our boots unto the fire, the thick smoke of burning horse dung hanging low in the frozen air. The sky above us glittered with ten thousand stars, as if a vat of jewels had been scattered through the heavens, blinding us with their cold beauty.
On the morning of the seventh day, the sun not yet high in the sky, we came upon the village of Dazhou. It sat upon the banks of the Zhouhe river, so Zhao Cheung had said to us. Our caravan came to a halt as it neared the river and Omar and Gase and Minkaff rode to the village with Yang Ma Yu and three warriors and five packhorses. They carried with them bolts of fine cloth and beads and ointments. With these would they barter for bread and rice and, the Gods willing, many fruits and plants from the gardens of Dazhou. I rode to the fore of the caravan and came beside Naguib, who sat upon Chittagong at the edge of the river. When I looked to the river I saw that it river flowed cold and deep below us, the water roaring as it flowed through gorges cut by steep rocks. The water was flecked with yellow foam and a cold mist of water hung in the air above. Naguib said that we could not cross the river at Dazhou but must follow the Zhouhe until we found safe crossing. He said that Dong Yun had spoken of a ford, mayhap not a day's ride. He said that the ford was wide, greater than three hundred cubits, but that the river waters did not run deep such that we might cross in safety. Bu when I looked again upon the river I saw that the waters rushed by with the speed of a running horse and the strength of a thousand camels. The waters may not run deep but still I kissed the amulet at my throat and prayed that they also were not dark and swift.
At last Omar and Gase and Minkaff returned from the village, the racks of the packhorses filled with provisions. Minkaff said they brought much food; not cross the river at Dazhou. rice, plants from the garden, fruits, the meat of goats and pigs, the milk and butter of oxen, and many sweetbreads, cooked of grain and honey and nuts. He said also that they had bartered for six barrels of mai'tai and that these would be shared between the Q'in and our band. Even as he spoke we heard a loud roar from the Q'in warriors as Yang Ma Yu brought forth three barrels. It had been many days now that our barrels were dry and many was the throat that lusted for the nectar. I knew that there would be sore heads tomorrow.

* * *

It was indeed a sorry band that greeted the day, shivering, with breath steaming, and tunics pulled tight at the shoulder. There were many sore heads and angry words for of the mai'tai none remained, not even a cup, all poured into the throats of the Q'in warriors and my friends. Naguib laughed as he watched the Omars and Isesi ride by, their heads low, their faces the colour of parchment. Many others in our band also were poor of colour and said few words as they rode close by. But it was not so for the Q'in. They had supped mightily from the mai'tai barrels but sat lightly upon their horses, their armour bright and shining, their masks grinning with malice in the morning light, their voices loud as they called unto each other. All were clad in full armour, their bows and arrows at their backs, their lances to one hand, the other hand unto the reins,. How is it so I asked myself. Did they not also sup greatly from the barrels? I asked this of Meskel, who rode close beside me. He said that the Q'in always drank their fill of water before they went to their beds no matter how much mai'tai they had taken. 'This way' he said 'the nectar will pass quickly through their bodies such that they do not wake with head that pounds as does the hammer upon the anvil or with mouth filled with ash.' He nodded. 'Water. Yes. That is it.' I knew that I would ponder more upon the wisdom of the Q'in.
We rode beside the river, our caravan moving slowly across rocky cliffs and sometimes fields of grass. Beside our caravan the waters of the Zhouhe roared, crashing against the rocky shore far below and breaking across the many rocks that lay upon the bed of the stream. The water was coloured of darkest green, even black, and flecked with yellow foam, its surface cut by waves and swirling pools, boiling across the hidden rocks beneath. I fingered the amulet at my throat as I stared upon the rushing stream. I prayed that the Gods would favour us. But when we came upon the river crossing I saw that we faced great danger. The river was not so wide as had said Dong Yun, mayhap but two hundred cubits, yet still the waters rushed by, crashing over the rocks in the stream and swirling at the feet of our horses. Yang Ma Yu had walked his horse into the stream where it stood firm, blue and green waves touching its belly. The waters did not run deep at the crossing but the bed of the river was filled with rocks and many deep holes cut by the rushing waters. Should a horse lose its footing or a rider fall from his saddle all would be carried away in the fast flowing stream, battered against the hidden rocks and dragged into the darkness as clothes and boots filled with water.
Our caravan halted on the rocky shore to ready for the crossing. All watched as Yang Ma Yu forded the river, his horse moving slowly upon the rocks beneath its feet, the waves of the river breaking hard against its flank. At its mid point the river deepened such that only the heads of Yang Ma Yu and his horse sat above the waters. The rush of the river was strong and carried Yang Ma Yu and his horse downstream for many cubits, mayhap five score. Twice Yang Ma's head and that of his horse, went below the water but twice they rose until at last Yang Ma Yu's horse stepped again onto the rocky shore.
I watched as Zhao Cheung also spoke with Omar and Naguib. Their faces were dark. After many long moments Zhao Cheung and Omar and Naguib turned and rode to our sides. None were happy. Naguib brought his horse to halt, his knee close by the shoulder of Kharim. 'Agi' he said. 'Make haste. See that all in our band take the boots from their feet and tie these behind theie saddles. And all must tighten their tunics and bind these tight upon their bodies such that little water can pass. The jerkin also should be tied behind the saddle. Yes, all will become frozen in the cold waters of the river, but should any fall from their saddle their boots and jerkin fill with water and they will be taken to the bottom of the river where they will perish. Zhao Cheung has said this also to the Q'in but in their wisdom the warriors say that their horses are strong and that no man should leave his saddle.' Naguib shook his head, his eyes filled with anger. 'I pray that this is so. They ride in full armour. As do their horses. I think they err but they will not listen. Make haste.'

* * *

Meskel called our band together and we sat silent upon our horses as we watched the Q'in prepare to cross the stream. Each of the Q'in warriors was to lead five packhorses, the leather reins of each horse tied firmly unto the rack of the horse to its fore such that each followed one behind the other. But the horses racks were heavy, laden with a greater load than those that our horses carried. The horses that carried the tents and baggage of Bo Mingyu already walked with heads bowed from the many bundles upon their backs. But even more was to come, for the Q'in travelled with a score of wagons, all filled with rice and dried meats, herbs and cooking vats and weapons. No wagon could cross the river and so each wagon must be emptied and all goods secured unto the backs of the horses. I knew I was not alone in my fear that the packhorses of the Q'in carried a great load and that this may become too much for some to carry through the rushing waters.
The sun moved slowly across the sky as the Q'in began to cross the river. A score of warriors crossed safely, each with five packhorses. One warrior fell from his horse as it crossed the mid point, as the waters surged over its back, but he did not loose his reins and was pulled from the water as his horse and the packhorses walked onto the shore. We saw that he was welcomed by his comrades but that he fell to his knees and spilled water and food from his mouth. Fortune had smiled upon him. Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun then crossed the river, moving quickly onto the far shore and to the tents and fires that Yang My Yu had ordered. A score of warriors remained before us, each with five packhorses, yet to cross. When all the Q'in had crossed the river our band would follow. Each of us would lead two packhorses, again each one tied unto the other with a leather rein. And all within our band had taken their boots and jerkins and tied them behind their saddles. I felt the cold air upon my shoulders for the day darkened and cooled. I knew the water would freeze upon me and I hoped that a fire would await us on the other side.
But the Gods do not wait forever. I knew that our crossing was slow and that we had sported long with their good temper. So it was that they cast our fates yet again unto the winds. Or mayhap it is best to say that they cast our fates unto the waters. One of the Q'in warriors rode into the river, leading his packhorses, the last but five of the warriors yet to cross. Even as he walked his horses into the rushing waters we saw that one of the packhorses, the third in line, was fearful, pulling upon its reins, sweeping its head from one side unto the other. As the waters rose the horse became even more fearful and pulled again upon its reins and tried to rise upon its rear legs. The other horses also became fearful and, as the warrior reached the mid point of the river, his path began to falter. Two of the horses tried to break away, but each was bound unto the other by the leather reins and so each pulled upon the other such that they fell one upon the other in a tangle of leathers and baggage. And the river pushed upon the tangle such that horses and baggage were tumbled over and over among the rocks and the waves. The warrior had tied the reins of the leading packhorse to one hand and the reins of his horse unto the other. So it was that he was dragged with the packhorses into the raging waters, and his horse also.
The horses screamed out in fear as they tumbled through the waters. Baggage was thrown from the racks of the horses and swept away in the rushing stream. Much shouting now rang out from the other Q'in warriors but they could do nothing. Another Q'in warrior, the fourth but last to cross, in brave but foolish endeavor leapt into the waters and caught the leather reins of the last packhorse with one hand. But the horse tumbled again and so the reins were quickly wound about the warrior's arm. In but a moment he was plucked beneath the waters.
Naguib turned in his saddle and pointed to the Omars and Mashane and Sione. 'Ride quickly' he said. 'Ride downriver and see that you might save the Q'in. You must take them from the river quickly. And the horses also. If all is lost then seek to gather the lost provisions. As much as you are able.' The Omars rode off, their horses moving quickly over the rocky shore, followed by Mashane and Sione. On the far side five Q'in warriors also moved downriver. Naguib spoke again. 'Follow me. We cross now.'

* * *

Two men and six horses had been lost to the rushing waters. And much baggage also. The Omars and Mashane and Sione had found nothing of the lost Q'in warriors, and found but one horse, far down river, dead and broken in the rocks at the shore. They found no baggage, only the wood of broken cabinets. The Q'in warriors who rode upon the other side of the river also saw nothing of the lost warriors or horses, but returned to the camp with three bolts of golden cloth and a painted chair. One leg of the chair had been shattered. It was a dark day indeed and our camp that night was filled with fear and sadness. And much anger. Zhao Cheung spoke long with Yang Ma Yu and returned and said to us that Bo Mingyu was displeased and great was his anger, such that he struck Yang Ma Yu with the flat of his sword. Yang Ma Yu was fearful that a greater punishment was ordained for it was he who had spoken with Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun and said unto them that the crossing was of little danger. Yang feared that he had erred and for this he must pay.
It was now that greater than four days had passed that I had not seen the Golden Peony. I asked of her to Zhao Cheung who turned a face of anger upon me. 'She has ridden to the north with her warriors. They travel far to our north and west and seek to protect our caravan from brigands. And the worst of all brigands is the Mongol. Pray that we do not meet the Mongol upon our journey to Deng Feng.' Zhao Cheung turned his horse from me but turned again in his saddle. 'Why is it that you ask of the Golden Peony? Do you not know that she is of divine birth? And that she is the daughter of a Khan? That you even speak of her is enough that Bo Mingyu would take your head.' Zhao Cheung looked at me for a long moment then his face turned from anger unto sadness. 'And Agi, do you not know that Dong Yun has poison in his heart. Should he hear that you ask of the Golden Peony he would take this and use it to turn Bo Mingyu against us. Put her from your mind. We are but travellers. I pray that we will be soon gone from this land.'
At Zhao Cheung's words I felt a cold finger of fear caress my neck, as if an icy blade touched upon my skin. I knew that Zhao Cheung indeed did speak the truth. Naguib also had said to me that Dong Yun was not to be trusted. Yet still I could not but wonder of the Golden Peony. The shining eye, filled with mirth, the graceful arch of the darkened brow, the skin of alabaster. I touched the amulet at my throat and made pact with the Gods that I should practice caution. No more would I speak of the Golden Peony, such that Bo Mingyu or Dong Yun might be angered. But my eyes still might look upon her. I would practice caution but also would I watch and see.
All night our fires burned bright, the air filled with the smells of cooking and the drifting smoke of horse dung and glowing coals. I lay with my head upon my saddle, my eyes turned to the stars, burning white in the black sky above. To my side I heard the soft snores of Naguib, on my other the soft words of Minkaff who, when he had eaten too greatly of his own cooking, would oft chatter to himself as he dreamed. The Gods had cast down misfortune upon us. This day we had lost our comrades, and so we knew great sadness. But Zhao Cheung's words also had brought fear to my heart for Yang Ma Yu. Of course I did not know then the cruelty of Bo Mingyu, who indeed a strong and able leader, but a leader also without remorse or mercy. Yang Ma Yu was a strong and loyal warrior and I did not wish to see him punished. Even now I recall that I did not sleep well that night, my dreams filled with demons and swirling colours and the mournful cries from many throats. It was but an omen that foretold of darkness and suffering.

* * *

The first rays of the sun had but touched the tops of the hills to the north when the sound of horns brought us from our beds. The valley floor and the shores of the river lay still in shadow, ice lay thick upon our blankets for winter now came quickly upon us. Our breath steamed in the cold air of the morning. To our fore we saw that the Q'in were long risen and stood together on the rocks nearby the river. Before them stood Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun. And Yang Ma Yu. Dong Yun held a long shining sword in one hand. I knew that this did not bode well and I ran to Naguib's side. 'What is it they do?' I asked of Naguib. 'Tell me that they will not harm Yang Ma Yu. He is a good man.'
Naguib stood beside Omar the Centurion and Minkaff. Isesi and the Omars from Thebes stood behind. Omar the Centurion turned to me. He had not placed his eye patch upon his face and the open wound of his lost eye was fearsome to behold. 'Yang Ma Yu will suffer Agi. Two men were lost this day past. And many horses. And in even greater misfortune for Yang so has the tent of Bo Mingyu been lost. For this Yang must be punished.'
I turned to Naguib. 'Can we not stop this Naguib? No man can hold back a river. Why will he be punished?'
Naguib stared at the Q'in for a long moment then turned his eyes upon me. 'Omar speaks the truth Agi. Always it must be that a man must pay whenever he has erred. But sometimes it is that the Gods will dice with our fates and that man can do little, swept along as a leaf before a storm. I know that it is not Yang's doing but it is Yang's fate.'
'What is it they plan Naguib? Will Bo Mingyu take Yang's life?'
'No Agi. They will not take his life. But it may be that they take his hand.' Naguib turned and called to Gase. 'Gase. Come quickly. Be ready. Yang Ma Yu will need your aid.'
Hardly had Naguib spoken that Yang Ma Yu was pushed unto his knees upon the hard rocks. Two Q'in warriors took Yang's arms and held them wide such that his left arm was held close atop a large rock. A third Q'in warrior had taken hold of Yang's topknot and forced Yang to bow until his head touched the rocks before his knees. Bo Mingyu spoke to Dong Yun and took from him the long shining sword. He held the sword before him, two hands at the hilt, the blade high and sparkling in the cold air. Then, with a roar of rage, he struck the sword against the rock and against the arm of Yang, such that Yang's hand fell from his arm and upon the rocks at his feet. The Q'in warriors released Yang who screamed and fell senseless upon the rocks. Bo Mingyu stared upon Yang, as did Dong Yun and the warriors, but none stepped forward to aid the wounded Yang. After long moments Bo Mingyu passed the sword again to Dong Yun then all mounted their horses and rode slowly away, their horses stepping with care across the broken shore.
Naguib turned to Gase. 'Make haste Gase. The blood spills from Yang's arm as does the water rush over the rocks. See that his arm is bound with cloth that no blood might pass. Agi. Go with Gase.' Naguib's face was dark, his arm outstretched. 'Make haste' he said again.

* * *

I ran across the rocks with Gase. Behind us followed Isesi and the Omars. Gase carried a leather purse filled with ointments and salts and soft cloths and a goatskin of water. When we came upon Yang we saw that his hand lay in the mud close by his side, its colour that of a cloud filled with rain, the fingers curled, the long nails crusted with soil. Yang's arm lay outstretched, a bloodied stump, the wound filled with mud and twigs. Even as I looked upon it I saw the ragged skin, the broken bone and the pulsing flow of blood, bright and red in the early morning light.
We watched as Gase cleaned the wound. He cradled the bleeding stump, pouring water into the wound and cleansing it of mud and grasses. He poured salt into the wound such that Yang screamed loudly before falling senseless again into the mud. Gase took a roll of soft cloth from his purse and, after touching this with yet more salt and pressing a poultice of herbs and ointments and spider's web to the wound, wrapped the cloth many times about the arm of Yang. When at last the arm was wrapped, and bound tightly across the chest of Yang Ma Yu such that it might rest, Isesi and the Omars joined to carry Yang to our tents. One of the Omars carried Yang's dead hand. He said that we should carry it to the fire of our camp and that we might speak a prayer to the Gods as we placed it in the flames. 'Better that it burn' he said 'than be gnawed upon by a wild dog.'
Gase spoke many words with Naguib as we carried Yang Ma Yu across the rocky shore. 'He must rest Naguib. Many moons will pass before the wound is healed. His heart also must heal for he has been cast out from the house of his master. In this Bo Mingyu has been cruel for Yang Ma Yu has been a loyal warrior. He has now but one hand. How is it that he will hold tight the reins of his horse or ride to battle with sword and shield or loose arrows from a bow? Now he must learn, as a baby learns, to eat, to wash, to dress, for he should not become a beggar. No. We must aid Yang Ma Yu such that he can serve again as a full warrior to his master.'
Naguib watched as Isesi and the Omars carried Yang to a tent, where they laid him upon a blanket and placed a saddle beneath his head. His eyes were closed but from his mouth came small cries of pain as if he wept softly. Naguib passed hand across his brow.
'Gase speaks the truth.' he said. 'The Q'in are cruel. Yang is a good man. Why is it that he is maimed and cast aside? Is it not enough that we have lost other men and horses to the river? Must we make more suffering?' Naguib stood for a moment, silent, his finger set upon the side of his nose. 'Gase. We will carry Yang with us unto Deng Feng. See that he is tended well. You will ride beside him. You must secure Yang's armour and weapons, and also his saddle and his horse. Speak with Chen Gao. He is a good friend unto Yang.'
As Gase rode to speak with Chen Gao I stood before the tent and looked upon Yang Ma Yu. One of the Omars had covered Yang with blanket but his body shook as if touched by a cold wind, his face the colour of bad papyrus. It would be many days that passed before his body was healed and it was that he should rest for many days. But even now I heard the rattle of leathers and armour as our caravan readied itself for travel. We had crossed the river and now we must continue our journey north. To Xian. And onward unto Deng Feng. Many days we must spend upon the back of our horses. I touched the amulet at my throat and mouthed a small prayer that the Gods give strength to Yang Ma Yu for he would find little rest in the days and nights to come.

* * *

(Here endeth the tenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. This night my brothers Pamu and Suad sit close by my side. Pamu brings gifts of dates from the orchard. Suad has given unto our mother a sack of grain. This she will grind and with it prepare sweetbreads and cakes. My brothers have heard of my father's tale many times but still they are entranced by his adventures.)
The wall in the clouds
(Here is written the eleventh night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
For three days we journeyed north, our path close and winding upon the edges of the many streams that ran along the valley floors, the black rocks of the river shores now the red soil of the farmers, to each side the steep slope of hills, covered in green. Each day grew ever colder, the winds biting against our faces, the nights filled with icy dew, our bodies wrapped in our tunics and blankets, our fires burning fiercely. Even our sturdy horses stood close beside the other, breath steaming in the frozen air, bodies still, their blankets white with frozen dew.
It was on the morning of the fourth day after we had crossed the river that we came forth from the hills onto a wide plain of grasses and winding streams. This day I rode to the fore of our caravan, nearby Naguib and Omar. Zhao Cheung rode to their side. To our rear rode the Omars and Isesi, each at the side of Yang Ma Yu who sat upon his horse Mi Tang, his head bowed. Gase had said to Naguib that Yang was strong and that his strength grew as each day passed, but his wound was cruel and many more days must pass before he might again ride with ease.
Many days now had passed that we journeyed at the side of the Q'in. And many days had I ridden with Zhao Cheung that I might speak with him and so come to know of the tongue and customs of the Q'in. Zhao Cheung was a good man and a patient guide but the words of the Q'in did not dance with ease upon my tongue and many times it was that Zhao Cheung laughed as my lips and tongue tripped fought the strange sounds. I could understand but few words that Zhao Cheung spoke unto me but as each day passed so it was that more words I learned. Zhao Cheung gave praise of me to Naguib who looked upon me with eyebrow raised. And as I fell upon my bed each night, my head aching after speaking with Zhao Cheung, I made solemn oath to Osiris and vowed to know the tongue of the Q'in. This I wished such that I might better know the man. I did not know that one day it might be such as to save our lives.

* * *

The Q'in caravan stretched before us in the icy rain, the many horses cutting the grasses and earth with their hooves such that the earth was turned to mud, thick and red upon the legs of our horses, the colour of old blood. To our north I could see little for the winds were filled with mist and rain and snow and ice, rattling against our helmets and freezing upon the manes of our horses. How far I wondered until we reached Deng Feng? I moved Kharim close by the side of Omar and asked of our journey. He spoke with Zhao Cheung.
'Zhao Cheung has said that we journey north to the city of Hanzhong. To do this we must cross the grasslands before us, mayhap two days, until we come to the village of Bazhong. Bazhong sits below the many hills and mountains that lie between us and Xian. From Bazhong we will journey through the hills and mountains for mayhap five days until we come to Hanzhong. There we will rest. Our true test comes after we journey from Hanzhong unto Xian. For to reach Xian we must cross many more hills and mountains and the winter comes upon us. The journey through the mountains will be filled with danger and will test our strength.'
Omar brought his horse to a halt. I recall now the name of the horse. It was Dabab, a mare, red of coat as were all the horses but with painted nose and tail. Omar looked to my face. 'Q'in'a is a mighty country Agi. It stretches to the far reaches of the world, filled with tall mountains and mighty rivers and fearless warriors. I fear that our journey home will be long and strewn with peril. I fear also that it will be many moons, many moons, before we again see our loved ones.' Omar flung his arm from his side, his hand to the fore, pointing to the Q'in caravan. 'And what is it that the Q'in wish from us? Bo Mingyu has not spoken with Naguib for many days. The Q'in pay us no heed, but ride as if they alone are set upon the steppe. Is it that we are not more unto them than a child's plaything? A trifle that they will place before the court in Deng Feng? And what then, when they have tired of us?'
I recall that I sat upon Kharim, silent for long moments, the morning air cool upon my shoulders, pondering upon Naguib's words. The Q'in were cruel. That was true. And uncaring for their warriors. That also was true. I did not understand this for the perils were great and each man had the need of his comrade's arm when in danger. Always must a band cleave unto itself for if it does not then surely its strength will fail when most sorely in need. I knew then that I may never come to truly know the Q'in. Yes, I will speak their tongue. I made solemn promise to myself that I would do so. But of their true heart? This I did not know. But as I looked to the fore, where the Q'in caravan carved a path across the grassy plain, I knew that no other path lay before me. Naguib's words rang true. What then? What then when they have tired of us?

* * *

Our journey across the grasslands to Bazhong had been slow, yet another half score of days, with many streams to ford, the days filled with mist and icy rain, the earth sodden, our horses cloaked in mud, the nights cold such that we huddled close by our burning fires. But the Gods at last had smiled upon us, for when we came upon Bazhong the clouds had parted and the sun rose, warming our shoulders and our faces. Naguib and Gase and Minkaff rode forth with the Q'in cooks to barter with the people of the village. They returned with the packhorses laden only with noodles, for the village had little else it might share with us and yet still have such that all could eat through the long winter.
For two days we made camp outside Bazhong but on the third day we again journeyed to the west, unto the village of Guangyuan, along deep valleys cut through low mountains that stretched into the far distance. The sky rose clear above us, as if carved of lapis lazuli. To each side the mountains rose, the rock broken and streaked with snow, and each day the sun rose high above, banishing the cold winds and the icy rains though, to be sure, still it was that each night we slept with our tunics wrapped tight, our blankets at our shoulders as we lay close by our fires. At Guangyuan our caravan again turned to the north, set to follow a long valley that would lead us to the north and east and unto Hanzhong. We had travelled two days upon this valley when we came upon a vista that caused all men to bring their horses to a halt and stare unto the mountains, for we had come unto the home of the Gods. Nothing else could it be.
Now I have travelled far in this world. I have journeyed through many lands. Many peoples also have I known, and many sights have I seen and many dangers have I faced, sights that a man might only dream to behold and dangers that a man might but give thanks to the Gods that he did not perish. I have seen lands of great beauty, filled with forests and rich pasture and high mountains; lands with rivers of sweetest water that teem with fish of all colours, some as large as a man but with teeth as sharp as the sharpest knife; lands of but desert sand, dry and blown in the winds and baked beneath a boiling sun, without water or shelter, where only the scorpions and the beetles might dwell; oceans of green and blue and purple, filled with beasts that seem as if of dragons, that walk upon the earth and yet swim within the seas, and filled also with bright fish and turtles; lands filled with beasts that walk in the forest of the night, their coats black as pitch, their eyes golden and fierce, or beasts that hang from the trees, their arms and fingers long and grasping, their bodies covered in hair, red of colour but cut also with stripes of black and white, and forests and lakes filled with birds beyond number, clad in feathers as of the colours of the scarab, blackening the skies unto the horizon; lands touched with pavilions of ice, caught within mountains that reach unto the moon, and the demons that dwell deep in the freezing caves beneath, their height that of two men, their eyes fearsome and red, their claws such as to rend flesh from the bones; of the many serpents of the deep forest, some so long as to be greater than a half score of camels if they are to stand with tail unto the nose of the one that follows, and able to crush a man, or even a mighty beast, and so to swallow man or beast in but a moment, other serpents small and green, or black, or red, who might strike with the speed of an arrow, their poison such that a man might fall unto the earth, a white froth upon his mouth, his body shaking and in but a moment his spirit flown unto the afterlife. Yes, I have seen many sights, but when I think upon my journeys, though so many years are now gone, always it is this day that comes unto my memories. Never had I been closer to the Gods than when we journeyed beneath the Great Wall in the Clouds.

* * *

The long valley stretched before us, shadowed by the tall mountains to our left, the sun still bright upon the valley floor and hillsides to our right. A stream ran beside our caravan, its waters cold and green, but clear also such that the many small rocks upon its bottom could be seen, none greater in size than the egg of a large bird, all coloured in black and white and brown. This day I rode at the rear of our column, nearby the side of Sione and Omar. Naguib and Minkaff and Mashane and Zhao Cheung rode to the fore. We had but crested a small rise nearby the shores of the stream when I heard a cry from Mashane. He stood in his saddle and pointed to the head of the valley.
In the far distance, high upon the highest peaks, spun with curling clouds and mists and touched by the late sun, stood a great battlement. It was greater than any battlement ever had we seen, winding across the peaks and up and down the sides of the steep hillsides as does a mighty serpent, its watchtowers set with tall spires, tied with banners that snapped in the winds, its rock the colour of lead. I rode quickly to the side of Naguib who sat silent upon Chittagong. Sione rode close beside me and we were joined also by Isesi and Gase and the Omars such that in but a moment all of the members of our band sat upon their horses, each one beside the other, and stared upon the wonder before us.
We had come before the Great Wall in the Clouds. And surely it was so. So high upon the peaks of the mountains and winding from peak unto peak until lost in the mists far distant. Zhao Cheung spoke with Omar, who then spoke unto Naguib and all others. He said that the wall was so great as to span from one side of Q'in'a unto the other, that the men who toiled upon it would never rest for the wall was so great than never would it come to its end. Zhao Cheung said that the ancestors of Bo Mingyu had fought many battles with the Mongol but that nothing could halt the march of the Mongol hordes. The father of Bo Mingyu and his father's father, who was known by the name of Bo Shi Jian, had sent forth many thousands of warriors and done battle with the Mongol far and wide across the lands of the north and west of Q'in'a. The reign of Bo Shi Jian saw many great feats. Of mighty canals and temples, of terraced hillsides and earthworks that tamed the mighty rivers. But Bo Shi Jian had looked upon the danger of the Mongol and had known that he must keep safe his people. He was a man of great mind and so it was that he dreamed of a Great Wall.
Zhao Cheung said to us that Bo Shi Jian gathered together many men to cut the rocks of the mountains and haul the earth and great timbers that the Great Wall might be raised. Many thousands of men, stone cutters and carpenters, workers and boatmen, herdsmen and wagoneers, warriors and guides and also many thousands of oxen and wagons and horses and donkeys. And so the first stones of the Great Wall were laid atop the hills at Yanmenguan Pass to the north of Xian, by the ancestor of Bo Mingyu, the scholars of the court of Deng Feng setting fine drawings upon papyrus so to guide the many workers. In the many years that followed so were built the watch towers, the horse roads between, the many gates and cisterns and barracks and stables. The battlements were cut with openings such that the warriors above might cast arrows or spears or stones or boiling oil upon the hordes below and also with water spouts and channels cut unto the stones to carry water and waste from the wall.
But Zhao Cheung also said unto us that the wall we looked upon was but one of many walls, that other walls also were spread across the plains and mountains. Many were as this wall, built of the rocks and timbers of the mountains but many others were of earth and mud, trapped within a frame of timbers and crushed by the feet of many warriors and horses such as to become of rock, and raised above the plains such that the Mongol could not pass. And that Bo Mingyu's father, and his father's father and beyond, all toiled to join all the Walls unto one, such that it would stretch from the seas and the rocky shores of Laoning to the east unto the sandy deserts of Jianyuguan that lay so far unto the west. It was a mighty feat. It was the greatest of all feats.

* * *

For three days more we journeyed upon the rocky floor of the river valley, the waters of the stream cold upon the legs of our horses, the winds cut with ice, the nights frozen, above us the Great Wall winding between peaks, oft hidden in clouds and mists. On the morning of the fourth day we came unto the joining of two streams, where the valley floor stretched far to each side, the hillsides not so steep or strewn with rocks. We saw that many men toiled at the shores of the streams, their tents and horses and wagons set upon the lands behind and that the Great Wall stretched down from the peaks above unto the valley floors below and the shore of the stream. And yet upon the other shore, the Wall stretched again, from the shore of the stream across the valley floor and unto the peaks far above. It was without end.
Our caravan did not halt as it passed by the great camp though Minkaff and Gase and Isesi went forth with the cooks of Bo Mingyu. They carried ointments and beads and fine cloth and with these bartered food and plants and mai'tai from the cooks of the camp. We saw many men toiling upon the wall, mayhap five thousand, even ten thousand, as if a mighty nest of ants had opened and spilled forth. Many toiled also upon the shores. We saw stone cutters, their hammers ringing on rocks greater in size than ten camels, the shards in mounds nearby where they worked. We saw blacksmiths at their furnaces, bright flames and smoke at their back, their hammers crashing upon their anvils. Nearby the blacksmiths were set many great vats, fires beneath burning bright and sending sparks and smoke into the sky. At these toiled the cooks, the vats bubbling with noodles and green plants, the air thick with the rich smell of spices and dust and the dung of many animals. The air was filled also with the calls of warriors and workers, the cries of horses and goats and pigs and ducks, the shouts of boatmen and the bellows of oxen.
Above the waters of the stream stood a mighty frame, made of great logs of wood, bound with huge ropes of hemp and driven with spikes of timber. The frame was as tall as the tallest of trees and mayhap five hundred cubits in its span. All timbers were painted with a black pitch, the smell sharp upon the breeze. As a carpenter in Abydos I had worked with the black pitch and so I knew that to breath greatly of its smell was to bring a great ache unto a man's head and turn his eyes red and weeping. I knew also that those who toiled too long with the black pitch would bring forth blood from their nose and mouth and might sometimes perish, for the pitch was mixed of potions and earths that were as poison to the breath of man. To each side of the frame laboured a thousand men, another thousand men atop, their whips cracking above the backs of the oxen as they placed great stones such that the battlement might span the streams and so the walls at each side of the stream might come together and be as one. Zhao Cheung said that in this the gateway to the north would be closed and that the Mongol then may not enter. He said that the wall would bring peace and tranquility to the land of the Q'in.
We sat upon our horses in silence, the mighty hive before us, our ears filled with its roar, our noses with its smells, our eyes feasting upon the churning hordes of men and beasts. Above us the great wall swept across the high peaks and fell into valleys and gorges, its battlements curdled with clouds and mist, its watchtowers tipped with banners. A mighty feat. Greater than the walls and pavilions of Chongqing. Greater even that the great pyramids of Luxor. As I sat and stared upon the great vista my head was filled with thoughts of the Q'in. Of a broad land of plains and mountains, cruel and harsh but filled with beauty, of fine armour and weapons, of sturdy horses with red hair and short legs, of the fierce Mongol and his arrows and screams, and of great cities and great temples. And the Q'in were many, mayhap countless in number, for as we journeyed unto each city upon our path to Deng Feng so it was that the land was filled with the Q'in, with small villages to all sides, each with many women and children and also pigs and goats and ducks, while in the fields the men toiled, their backs bent low or their step heavy and burdened as they walked behind their oxen in the mud of the paddies. And even as the land was filled with the Q'in so the cities were filled even more, mayhap as is a barrel when a rain storm has passed, filled such that water will spill from its sides or even that it might burst as does a melon too long in the sun. And always as it is in the ways of men when a Pharaoh, or a Khan, has many subjects, it is that this brings great power and great wealth and sometimes, when a passion fills the heart of man, or he becomes intemperate, it may be that he will use that great power or great wealth to make war upon his enemies and so bring misery to many, or he will use it to build great walls and temples and so bring beauty and pleasure to the life of his subjects. We journeyed unto the court of Bo Guo Lung, the Great Khan. As I rubbed the amulet at my throat my head was filled with questions. What of the customs, the tongue, the fine temples and great walls? What of the fine weapons and armour and the Q'in in countless numbers? Where did our journey now take us? Was our journey one unto beauty and pleasure? Would it take us unto our homeland? Or was it a journey unto war?

* * *

Another half score of days was to pass as we journeyed slowly through the mountains, the Great Wall in the Clouds far behind, until we came at last to a wide flat plain of grass. In the far distance the sky was darkened with the smoke of many fires. Hazhong lay before us, mayhap a day's ride. There we would again camp and seek provisions, for beyond Hazhong we saw the sharp teeth of great mountains. These we must cross to reach the city of Xian. As always I knew that the mountains held many perils. But again, as always, while we looked to the mountains and prayed that our journey might be safe and free from loss so it was that our greatest peril was to come upon us while our eyes were turned. For while we gazed to the north, our eyes upon the high peaks, the peril rode upon us from the west, hooves silent in the wet grasses, weapons held close and wrapped in cloth, eyes darkened with the burned ashes of wood, the air filled with the smell of their leathers, and of the oils and fats that they rubbed upon their bodies. They rode without fear or mercy. They gave no quarter and sought no quater. They were the scourge of the steppe and of the many lands to the west, unto the far side of the world, a mighty host that rode unchallenged across the endless grasslands and deserts. They were feared by all. They were Mongol.

* * *

(Here endeth the eleventh night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. It is now the Season of the Flood, and my mother and my father are saddened for it is a half score of years that have passed that Khanefer, the brother of my father, was taken from us.)
Mongol
(Here is written the twelfth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
It was now two days gone that we had departed Hanzong. I rode at the head of our band, Naguib and Zhao Cheung nearby my side. Minkaff and Isesi rode to the rear with the packhorses, the Omars and the Nubians even further to the rear, followed by Gase and Yang Ma Yu. Each day that passed we saw that Yang grew ever stronger. Gase tended always to Yang's wound, washing and rubbing Yang's arm with ointments, wrapping it in clean linens each night and binding it to his chest that it might rest and heal. This day I saw that Yang rode with his arm held free and to his fore, and that Gase had fashioned a hook of beaten metal, tied upon Yang's arm with a leather thong. Truly the hook was fearsome, as if the limb of a beetle that mayhap crawled among the reeds upon the banks of the Nile, but it was that Yang held his reins with ease, looped upon the hook or held free by his other hand. Many days had Yang ridden with body curled and head low unto his chest, but he rode now with back straight and head high. Yang was indeed a strong man for not a score of days had passed yet now he rode and walked and talked and sat with us at the fire and ate of Minkaff's cooking as did all men. Yes, a strong man indeed, but never had we seen Bo Mingyu or Dong Yun or any Q'in warrior yet speak with Yang. I wondered again at the cruelty of the Q'in. Would it ever be that Yang might be forgiven by Bo Mingyu?
The Q'in caravan stretched far to our fore, a force of four score of warriors and many packhorses. Behind the Q'in warriors rode the warriors given by Shan Xiao of Chongqing. All wagons had been cast aside upon the shores of the river north of Dazhou so it was that the Q'in packhorses carried a great burden of provisions and tents and weapons. I thought of the path that we must take through the mountains to Xian. This path would require great strength for the mountains were tall and the path one of steep hillsides cut with sharp rocks and rushing waters, oft cloaked in ice. Zhao Cheung had said that the journey to Xian may be of a score of days for the journey was indeed perilous. I made a small prayer for the horses of the Q'in, that their steps upon the path were sure and firm and that a storm did not come upon us as we climbed the narrow tracks above the deep gorges.
Many days had now passed that I had not seen the Golden Peony. At the order of Bo Mingyu she had gone forth with a cohort of twenty warriors, to ride far to the fore of the caravan. Zhao Cheung had said to us that we now travelled nearby lands where the Mongol roamed. He said to us that the Mongol would kneel to no man and, even as it was that all the lands unto the far horizon might be the domain of the Q'in, and that the Q'in might demand tribute of all that journeyed upon those lands, still the Mongol would not yield and would make no tribute but would ride upon those lands as if they were his alone. And in his journeys the Mongol would plunder the cities and villages of the Q'in, taking the women and children of the Q'in and making them his own, carrying them far to the west such that they might ever live as does the Mongol and never again know their homeland. The Mongol was a proud and fearsome foe but there can never be two kings when there is but one throne. For each king always will become as a foe unto the other. This we know to be a truth of nature. And it is that man's nature always will seek to overcome his foe. So it was that the Q'in and the Mongol were at war for many years, each seeking to overcome the other and to claim the lands and the peoples as their own. The dangers were great and each night I touched the amulet at my throat and said a small prayer for the Golden Peony and her warrior band that the Gods watched over them. But of this I did not speak with any man for the warning of Zhao Cheung rang clear still unto my ears. I had seen the cruelty of the Q'in. I did not wish to bring such a fate upon myself or my comrades.

* * *

Our battle with the Mongol came when the sun was low unto the horizon, and Bo Mingyu's outriders had returned to the caravan. Bo Mingyu had called a halt at the foot of the low hills that stood before the mountains, close by a stream, with much grass for our horses. The earth beneath us was also dry, such that we might lie upon it beside our fires and not feel the water and cold that we had known before. It was a fine place to camp and all had leapt from their saddles to prepare fires and food and to tend to the horses. Our good fortune was that all were still in armour and all horses were still saddled when we heard the sound of the horn and the thunder of many hooves. So it was that great danger came upon us.
There were cries from the Q'in warriors and from the warriors of Chongqing as they ran to their horses. Far to our left we saw a wave of horsemen stream over the top of the hill, banners red and gold in the light of the evening sun. It was the Golden Peony and her band, their horns sounding as they raced to join the caravan. But the thunder of hooves that came behind was greater than that of the Golden Peony and her warriors, and we watched as the top of the hill filled with horses and men, clothed in furs, long spears held aloft, tipped with ribbons streaming in the wind. I felt a stab of fear at my throat for I knew, as did every man of our caravan, that I looked upon a Mongol horde, greater than two score, mayhap even three score, the peak of the hill a churning mass of horses and men and waving spears. Even from a great distance we heard Mongol horns, not sweet as is the bell of the horns of the Q'in but as if the bellow of a mighty oxen. A finger of ice caressed my body. I saw fear on the faces of my comrades.
As the Mongol horn bellowed so did each Mongol throat put forth a scream, the sounds so loud and mingled as to be as if thunder had roared in the heavens, and the mass of horses surged as one, flowing down the hillside as might the waters of a stream, spears and lances to the fore. The Mongol came as does a mighty wave but I saw as they rode that the wave became widened and stretched unto each side of the valley, seeking to encircle our camp. I saw that many Mongol carried the short bow, as did many Q'in. As I leapt to my saddle, close by Naguib and Minkaff and Gase, I saw also that the Q'in warriors now raced to meet the Mongol. I felt a slap at my shoulder and Gase passed to me a sword and a spear. I looked to Naguib but no words passed between us. Naguib turned his horse and waved one arm. We rode to battle. I prayed that all would return.

* * *

The Mongol is a fierce and mighty warrior. One who has conquered many of the lands to the west and whom few can best in battle or strength or endurance. But the Q'in also are mighty warriors, clothed in fine armour and with fine weapons, set upon sturdy horses, with skilled leaders at their head. The battle that followed was short and brutal, with much pain and loss, but it was at this time that I saw the Q'in warrior to be the equal to all, trained in the arts of war and of such skill as to split and defeat an enemy.
The Mongols rode to attack our caravan on two fronts. They were distant but came upon us with great speed. If we did not quickly prepare ourselves we would surely be defeated and destroyed. But our Q'in comrades and the men of Chongqing leapt unto their saddles and turned and rushed towards the northern arm of the Mongol attack, led by Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun. To the south the Golden Peony's band streamed down the hillside toward the southern arm of the Mongol horde. Naguib saw that we rode close upon the Golden Peony and her warriors and so we turned our horses and quickly joined with the Q'in band. I rode nearby Naguib, Isesi and Minkaff, all others in our band close behind. Even Omar rode beside us, his eye patch black and shining, his sword before him. And behind Omar rode Yang Ma Yu, his reins firm in the hook that now was his left hand, in his right hand a gleaming spear.
All but five score of warriors now rode against the Mongol on two fronts, short bows to hand, sharp arrows showering upon the furred horsemen of the west. But the Mongol also loosed many arrows. I saw Q'in warriors fall, struck in the eye or at the throat, or falling as their horses fell, with arrows striking at their legs and shoulders. But many Mongol also fell, sharp arrows piercing tunics of fur and leather and striking horses in throat and body. The air was filled with the thunder of the hooves of many horses and the screams of the Mongols, the screams of wounded horses, the shouts of Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun and those of the Q'in warriors and the roaring of the horns. I heard also the screams of my comrades and that of my own throat though, truth be known, I screamed in fear.
The air was filled with dust as I felt the passing of an arrow at my ear and pulled myself close upon my saddle. I saw that Naguib and my comrades rode as did I, bodies close against the neck of our horses, swords and spears held forth. As the hosts swept by each the other and as arrows flew such that the very sky became dark I felt again the cold stab of fear. What was to happen when the hosts came together? Of course I would face the Mongol and I would use my sword, for if I did not then surely the Mongol would not spare me. I did not wish to die in a strange land, at the hand of a man that never before had I seen and to whom I had done no wrong.
Again came the sound of the Q'in horns and I saw to my fore, not greater than five score of cubits, the Golden Peony, her spear outstretched, banners and ribbons streaming from her helmet and blade. As the horns sounded yet again the Golden Peony held her spear aloft then, moving as does a silent stream, turned her horse. The Q'in warriors and our band followed as one and we rode against the Mongol horde. I did not know that even as the Golden Peony rode from the south to drive her blade deep into the heart of the invader, so did Bo Mingyu ride from the north and the Mongol was as if the wheat upon the miller's wheel, to be crushed between the wheel and the grinding stone or cloven from the saddle by the iron fist of the Q'in.

* * *

Of course it was not to be. The Mongol would not be crushed as is the wheat of the granary, or cloven from the saddle by the iron fist of the Q'in. Nay. For the Mongol was of great courage, such that even as the hordes crashed together and the air filled with the screams of men and horses, so the Mongol unleashed arrow after arrow upon us in clouds of death, and spears, as if the sharpened teeth of demons, flew through the air, their barbs piercing the armour of the Q'in and that of their horses, pitching warrior and horse into the churning mud beneath the pounding hooves until the earth beneath ran red with the blood of the fallen. But the Q'in also loosed many arrows and fought with spears and swords, cutting the tunics and furs of the Mongol and striking many from their saddles.
As our horses crashed into the Mongol line I swept my sword before me, thrusting to one side the spear of a Mongol then striking my sword upon his helmet of leather and fur such that he screamed, and blood came upon his face and he fell from his horse. For a long moment I stared upon him. But I saw that his spirit had departed and that he lay without life upon the mud and grass. Never before had I killed a man and so I sat upon my saddle, frozen, my thoughts filled with fear. It was then that a mighty force struck me upon my left shoulder, as if a bolt of fire. I fell from my saddle, the long arrow of a Mongol archer burning at my shoulder, nearby where my arm was joined unto my body. I fell hard upon the earth such that all breath fled from my body but I knew, even as the pain roared in my shoulder as if a fire fanned by a mighty bellows, that to lie upon the earth until my breath returned would be my death. And so I leapt again to my feet, my shoulder afire, my lungs bursting in my chest, but with my sword held before me. All around me the battle raged, a swirling mass of horses and men. Many lay upon the earth, their bodies traced with blood or pricked by arrows. Some moaned or cried out and crawled upon the grass. Others lay still, their spirits flown to greet the Gods.
I thrust my sword into the earth before me and placed my right hand firm upon the shaft of the arrow then, with all strength that remained within my body, I tore the arrow from my shoulder. Even now I feel the pain and I wonder that I did not fall senseless unto the ground, to be crushed by the raging horses or killed by the roving Mongols. But, as it is with all men when faced with great danger, my body did not fail me. I took up my sword in my right hand and held it before me. My left arm hung dead against my tunic, traced by the heat of blood and dripping red at my hand. I was ready.
But when I looked before me I saw the malice of the Gods unfold and that death approached. Two Mongols leapt from their saddles, their faces black with grease, their beards wild and long, their eyes blazing against their darkened skin, one long of body and with feathered helmet of leather, the other small and lean as is Isesi, his leathers tight against his body, his helmet low upon his face such that his eyes were lost beneath a ring of fur. He moved with the speed of the pale fox, the wild dog of Egypt and, of the two, he I judged to be of greatest danger. Each carried a sword but two cubits in length with curved and shining blade and honed such that it might separate a man's head from his body in but a single stroke. I touched the amulet at my throat as I raised my sword.
I leapt forward and struck my sword against that of the pale fox, seeking that I might halt his attack, such that I might then turn and strike against he of the long body. But the pale fox struck with a greater speed than I, his blade striking upon my right arm with a cold blaze of pain and my sword was thrown into the mud. The Mongol of the long body leapt forward and I knew in that moment, even as I sought again for my sword, that the Gods called upon me. Above me the Mongol rose, sword high so strike down upon me. But even as I prepared to die I saw a sword flash in the dust, its blade bright in the last light of the sun, and strike hard upon the head of the Mongol. It was the Golden Peony, her eyes flashing, her sword darting as if the strike of the asp. The Mongol of long body cried out and fell senseless, his head broken and bloodied. The pale fox screamed as his comrade fell then threw himself upon the Golden Peony, his sword crashing against her sword with great force, seeking to make a deadly stroke. But in his anger he had forgotten that I stood close by, wounded and bloodied to be sure, but with sword to hand and with hatred in my heart. Yet greater than a hatred I felt also a fear. A fear not for myself but for the life of the Golden Peony such that with a scream of fear and anger I struck my sword against the pale fox, cutting through the leathers that bound his leg and rending his flesh from the bone.
The pale fox screamed again as my sword took his leg and fell to one knee before the Golden Peony. Her sword flickered with a speed greater even than that of a flying arrow and the head of the pale fox fell from his shoulders. Even as he fell the Golden Peony had stepped unto my side and placed a hand upon my shoulder, her head close to mine, her eyes bright and dark against pale skin. She swept her arm to the rear, her voice strong behind her mask. I could not yet understand her tongue but I knew that she wished that I should stay close and follow behind her. She turned again and called to her warriors then ran into the boiling cauldron of men and horses.
For a long moment my thoughts were tumbled as are the dried bushes in the desert winds, addled with the screaming of men and horses, the bellow of horns, the dust and darkness and the men that lay dead before me. The Gods had come for me. Yet the Golden Peony had saved me from death. Then the din of battle again came quickly upon me, such that my thoughts were cast unto the heavens. All around men fought and died, their blood spilled unto the earth, their spirits flown. The air was filled with the barbs of arrows and piercing lances, with flashing swords and the screams of men and horses, the thunder of hooves and, above all, the braying of the Mongol horns, so loud as to be that of a mighty herd that bellowed and roared. And even as the two cohorts were the equal, one unto the other, still the Gods cast their dice, ever to send us to the afterlife should we not hold firm our guard. I knew this would be a battle unto the death. I grasped my sword tightly and ran into the dust behind the Golden Peony.

* * *

The Golden Peony strode before me, her back straight, her head high, a shield held tight against her left arm, in her right hand a gleaming Q'in blade. At each side strode three Q'in warriors such that the Mongol could not strike at her flank. Their swords crashed against the blades of the Mongol, their voices cried the terrible lament of battle. Around us the dust swirled, the sky ever darkening, the air filled with the voice of war. I saw two Mongol die at the hands of the Q'in warriors, struck down in but a moment by the scything blades, their faces painted in blood. I also fought with the Mongol, my sword crashing many times against the shield of the Mongol but I did not again strike a killing blow, nor even a blow to wound. But each time the Mongol fell back from my sword, screaming until lost from my sight in the churning mass of men and horses. Nearby I saw the Golden Peony strike down another Mongol, a bright flash of blade in the darkness, a splash of red, then with sweeping blade drive three more Mongols to their knees. But she also did not strike a killing blow upon the wounded man such that the others leapt again to their feet and ran from her, carrying with them their fallen comrade.
In the gathering darkness and boiling dust I could see little, only the bright sweep of the Peony's blade and the gleam of her helmet. But even as I walked behind I could hear the sounds of battle fading. Around us I saw Q'in warriors, many in their saddles, many walking, their horses lost. To my right I saw Isesi and Naguib and Minkaff, still firm in their saddles. I saw that Isesi rode with a face of pain, an arrow passed through the flesh of his leg. To my left Gase walked nearby my side. He too had lost his horse, his face also a mask of pain, his leg laced in blood as if pierced by a lance and such that he walked as do the beggars before the temple at Thebes, their limbs stiff and unbending as if they have supped too deeply of the wineskin. Then the Mongol horns bellowed yet again but this time they called their brethren from the field of battle. The screams of the Mongel and the sound of Mongol hooves faded into the night, the bellow of the horns softening in the cold air. Behind me the horns of the Q'in sounded, loud and sweet and clear. I fell to my knees and kissed the amulet at my neck. The Q'in warriors shouted to the skies. There was a great thunder of hooves as the Q'in warriors and those of Chongqing passed by. The Mongol was routed. Victory was ours.

* * *

(Here endeth the twelfth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. My father and my mother now lie upon their bed, asleep, their arms entwined. My mother rests her head upon the shoulder of my father. I will leave them to their tears and memories.)
The Golden Peony
(Here is written the thirteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
In the half light the Q'in warriors walked among the fallen, many crying out in the darkness and the dust. Many had fallen, mayhap a score of Mongol, dead or wounded, and a half score of Q'in. The wounded Mongol knew no mercy. All were slain, the flash of a blade their only prayer, then cast with other Mongol dead into a dark pit, cut by the Q'in in the torn grasses of the battlefield. The Q'in dead were taken from the field and placed together nearby the camp where other Q'in had cut a deep pit in the muddy earth. The dead were lain in their armour within the pit, their weapons at their sides. Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun held lamps that sent forth a sweet smoke, the courtiers stood behind, calling in strange voices until, after many moments, the earth was thrown again into the pit and so their tomb was closed.
As the battle had turned so had I turned and walked unto the camp, close by the side of Gase. The Golden Peony I did not see for she was lost to me in the darkness. But I did not fear for her for we had known victory and the Q'in had pursued the Mongol from the field. Of our band none had fallen but three had suffered wounds. I and Isesi and Gase had been struck by arrows. Gase had been struck upon the neck, close by his shoulder, the arrow passing between his helmet and his leather armour. It was but a deep cut unto his skin but as with all wounds must be cleaned and dressed so that it did not poison him. And an arrow also had passed through the leg of Isesi. There was much screaming and moaning as Isesi and his saddle were taken from the back of Gamal. Isesi howled and wept as Minkaff broke the fletch from the arrow and dragged the shaft from the wound. Both Omars from Thebes had taken sword wounds, one upon the leg, the other on the forearm. And Meskel and Mashane carried the wounds of lances, Mashane to the left foot but Meskel high upon his breast. All would mend but the faces of Naguib and Gase were dark with worry as they looked upon Meskel for he lay senseless upon his blanker and his wound gave forth dark blood. The wounded Q'in also had been carried unto their beds where their wounds were washed and cleaned. Minkaff went forth to give aid to the Q'in physicians. He said that of the Q'in three might go unto the Gods.
I sat upon my blanket, my weapons cast upon the grass at my sides, the golden fire bright before me. In my hands our bowls, filled with the gruel of Minkaff's vats, of rice and noodles and green plants and grains and spices. Above the stars burned as silver gems in the night, the dew settled upon my armour and skin with a touch of ice. My comrades lay nearby, but mayhap a score of cubits distant, at another fire, their heads upon their saddles, their eyes closed. I too longed for sleep. My eyes were heavy as if it was many nights that I had not been to my bed.
Then I heard the rattle of leathers and armour, and I turned. The Golden Peony strode towards me, her warriors at her side. I looked to Omar and Zhao Cheung but they rode now with Bo Mingyu and Naguib at the river's edge. I was alone, and though each night I labored with Zhao Cheung, still I knew but little of the Q'in tongue. A bolt of fear struck me in the chest such that I could not breath. To this day I believe that I had looked as does a rat before a cobra, and I see my wife and daughter smile as I speak of this. For, as the Golden Peony strode towards me, I did not know that this moment might be such that my fate was sealed. But so it was to be. Unknowing, all that I could do was to look upon the approaching warriors, my hands blackened, my tunic and boots thick with dust and mud and blood and dried grasses, my face dripping with the heat of battle, my left arm bound tight unto my chest by Minkaff. My only thought was that I might smell as did the horses, of heat and dust and dung, for it was many days gone that I had bathed in the river. I prayed that Osiris should take me.
But of course Osiris did not hear me. Indeed, when has it been ever that Osiris or Ra or Amun or Horus or any of the Gods has heard my prayers. Many times I have asked myself this, and also have I asked this of Naguib. Naguib, ever a man of much thought and a calm heart, has said to me 'Agi. Osiris and Ra are but gods. And so it is that they look upon the whole of the world, and upon all of the peoples in the world. Many there are that each day pray unto Osiris and Ra, mayhap asking only small favours, or even large favours, or praying for good fortune or good health. So it is Agi, that you are but one of many, and so it might be many days, even many score of days, before Osiris or Ra hears your prayer. And when their ears turn unto your prayer they will look again upon you and, now that time has passed and good fortune has come again into your life, see that you would not wish that the prayer be answered. Is this not so Agi?'
Yes. It was so I thought. I was but one of many. And truly sometimes it was that the darkest of hours was gone in but a moment and that I would not wish my prayers be answered. But this was of little comfort for the three warriors had come to a halt before me, a light breeze waving the ribbons at the peaks of their helmets, the bronze of their armour gleaming in the late sun. The Golden Peony came forward and now stood not ten cubits to my fore. Behind her mask I saw the curve of a dark eyebrow and the bright glint of dark eyes. She stood with one foot before the other, her spear held in one hand, it's haft at her toe, its point unto the sky. Her other hand she held closed at her side, tight against her belt, For many long moments I stared upon her. Then she spoke.
'Ni shi hong huzi. Shi ma zhunbei haole ma?'
Of course I did not know of what she asked, though I knew she spoke of the horses. I stood dumb before her. She raised her arm from her side, and pointed unto the horses, her voice a golden bell. 'Shi ma zhunbei hao hong huzi?' One dark eyebrow rose and an eye twinkled. One of the Q'in warriors stepped forward. He stood a hand span above me, his shoulders wide and strong, his armour rattling as he spoke. 'Shu?huà!' he cried, his voice rough with anger.
The Golden Peony again held out her arm and the warrior stepped back. She looked upon me for a long moment, then raised her arm and swept her helmet and mask from her head. And in that moment I was blinded. For as she swept the helmet from her head so did her hair fall, as if a waterfall of shining oil cascaded forth, gleaming and black as pitch and so long as to touch upon the hem of her tunic. And, with no mask before her, it was for the first time that I looked upon her face, upon skin coloured as is the softest of golds, and clear and clean as is that of a newborn, upon eyes shaped as is the almond, touched with kohl and lapus lazuli and bright and brown and gleaming as they looked upon me. Her lips were reddened with coloured ointments, her teeth as white pearls, her neck a column of purest alabaster.
As I looked upon her I saw that it was certain she was sister to Bo Mingyu, for her nose also was large and hooked though mayhap not so large as that of Bo Mingyu, but sat upon her face as to bring forth both strength and comeliness. It was indeed a face of beauty and majesty. She stood before me, her head high, the fire striking light from her hair and her face, her forehead glowing in the golden light, her eyes bright and gleaming with mirth. In that moment I was stricken, as if a spear had passed through my body and into the earth beneath, such that I could not move, my head filled as if with the roar of the storm, my legs weak and without strength such that I might fall senseless upon the wet earth beneath my feet, my mouth as dry as is the sand of the great desert, my throat as if choked with mud. And truly, to this day, I believe that my eyes indeed were blind. It was as if I had become a rock, cloven unto the dry sand of the valley floor, never again to speak, to be unmoving for all of time.

* * *

Now I see that my wife of so many years finds mirth still in this tale, and also a pleasure at my words . But when I say what of it, that it was not she who stood before the daughter of a Khan, and who travelled in a strange land far from her home, or stood bloodied from a battle with the Mongol brigand, my wife and my daughter laugh. 'No' they cry, sounding as do the godless crows and ravens that ravage our trees of pecans and dates. 'No. It is the Gods that ordain the fate of man, not a woman of but fair skin and dark hair'. And, as I look upon them and hear their laughter, I see their dark hair and robes swirl about them, and their almond eyes flash. I shake my head in despair. Godless indeed. But still they cackle and caw. Naguib had once said to me that there are those among us who are small in thought and deed, and so it is that they will find mirth in but small things. But when I say this also unto my wife and daughter it is that they laugh even more. Again I shake my head in despair. I must return to my story.
And so it was that I stood before the Golden Peony, yes, as if a rock, cloven unto the dry sand of the valley floor but hopeful soon of regaining the power to breath and to speak. Of course while I stood frozen unto the earth my comrades stared upon me with dark furrows upon their faces. I saw that they asked of themselves 'What has become of Agymah?' And I felt my face burn with shame. But I was saved, before my shame was known to all, for Zhao Cheung and Omar came forward and now stood nearby my side, one upon my left, the other at my right. Omar placed a heavy hand upon my shoulder, his voice soft by my ear. 'She asks after the horses. And of your wound. I will speak for you.'
Zhao Cheung bowed and stood silent until the Golden Peony nodded her head that he might speak. Zhao Cheung then spoke with the Golden Peony, also speaking with Omar in Summerian. Omar spoke then unto me. As always it was slow and ponderous, so I will speak only of the words that the Golden Peony spoke unto me, and those that I spoke unto her. I turned my head close by the ear of Omar.
'How is it that I should speak with the daughter of a Khan? By what name should I know her?'
Omar spoke softly with Zhao Cheung then turned again to me. 'She is the daughter of a Khan. You should address her such that her father is known, but also that she is known as his daughter. Zhao Cheung has said that you should speak the words 'Nu'er gaogui han', but also that you might say noble daughter - this might be spoken as 'Nu'er Han' in the Q'in tongue. Or mayhap Your Excellency, or Your Highness, or Exalted One.' Omar turned from me as Zhao Cheung spoke with the Golden Peony. Then he turned back. 'And remember that you are the servant of the Golden Peony and that always must you say these words when you speak.'
'You are Red Beard? Does your wound ache?' The Golden Peony's eyes passed across my face and to the bindings at my shoulder.
'Your lowly servant is thankful Your Excellency' I said, bowing my head and touching my hands to my forehead . 'The wound is cleaned and bound by Gase, who is my friend, and who is a physician unto this worthless family. He has said to me that fortune has smiled upon me this day, that the Mongol sword was stayed by that of Your Excellency and so was my miserable life spared. He had said also that the arrow that passed through my shoulder did not carry any potions.'
The Golden Peony's eyebrow rose a little at my words. 'You know then that I am the Khan's daughter?' I did not answer, but she stared upon me, her lips tight, her head nodding. 'No matter. Your band has this day fought with great courage. The Mongol is a terrible foe. I am sure that my brother Bo Mingyu will honour you for your bravery. I also wish that this be so.' The warrior maiden spoke these words to Naguib then turned her face again to me.
'And yes, so it was that my sword turned the blade of the Mongol as it came upon you Red Beard. But it was no more than I would give unto any warrior that rides at my side, and no less than that I would desire in return from each warrior. And you may lift your face and look upon me and speak to me as an equal. I wish not to hear such words as lowly servant or worthless family. We are all comrades upon the steppe.' She raised her arm and pointed again unto my shoulder.
'So Red Beard, I am pleased that your wound is clean, but how many days must pass until your arm is healed? Will you ride upon your horse with but one hand?'
Of course I would not dare to show mirth but truly did I think that she jested with me. Again I touched my hands unto my forehead. 'My horse is Kharim Your Excellency. We are as one. My arm is bound but yet still strong that it might hold unto the reins. And also it is that I speak with Kharim through my legs.' The dark eyebrow rose. I felt a burst of courage in my chest and so the words that left my mouth were careless.
Your excellency, this lowly one saw that you choose not to ride upon your horse? Mayhap your horse had fallen to arrow or lance? And your warriors also?' I saw the dark eyebrow rise yet again, but also I saw a gleam of mirth in the bright eyes. But no more was said, for we heard then the soft fall of hooves upon the grass, the creak of leathers, the rattle of weapons. Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun rode toward us, followed by a half score of warriors and equal number of cooks and courtiers, who walked behind with large baskets set upon their shoulders.
As Bo Mingyu came near, the Golden Peony withdrew, stepping to the side in deference such that Bo Mingyu might bring his horse to a halt before Naguib and our band. The cooks and courtiers came to the fore and laid their baskets upon the grass nearby. Dong Yun had stayed his horse mayhap twenty cubits to the rear and sat silent with the warriors nearby his side. I saw that his eyes moved many times from the Golden Peony unto Bo Mingyu, his face dark, his eyes black and hooded. I turned my face away as his hot gaze passed over our band. Was he not happy I asked myself. Was not the battle won? Had we not been victorious? But of course it was that Dong Yun was not troubled by the Mongol, or by the loss of his men in battle. But many moons were to pass before I came to know the true evil of Dong Yun and that burned within his breast a djinn of envy, as hot as is the hottest of fires, greater even than that of the blacksmith. And that his greed was greater than that of a thousand brigands, nay ten thousand, and that many would burn to appease his hunger.
Bo Mingyu swung from his saddle and stood before us, his hands set firm at his waist, his face dark, as also was that of Dong Yun. He turned his hear slowly unto the Golden Peony and spoke in harsh words, such that she knelt upon one knee and brought her hands together and raised them unto her forehead. Bo Mingyu looked upon her for a long moment, his face furrowed, then his eyes turned again upon our band and passed across our faces. I saw that he breathed deeply, as if a great weight had fallen from his shoulders, then he raised his arm and pointed at the baskets brought forth by his cooks. As he spoke Zhao Cheung and Omar whispered his words such that we might understand.
Bo Mingyu gave greetings and salutations to the Yonggan Yuan Ya - the courageous round eyes. 'You have fought bravely at our side.' he said. 'Together we have tamed and routed the Mongol and for this I give you great thanks. And also the thanks of my father, the Great Khan. It may be that never have you before seen the Mongol but still it is true that the Mongol is an enemy to all peoples. You have proven this day that you are friend unto the Q'in and for this is I make gift unto you of my seal, the seal of Bo Mingyu, Prince of the Central Kingdom, son of the Great Khan of Deng Feng.' Bo Mingyu brought forth a long sword, its blade of burnished bronze, its hilt of ivory and woven rope of gold, its scabbard of dimpled leather, painted in gold and black and white and set also with small coloured stones. Upon the blade of the sword, mayhap not a hand span beneath the hilt, was set the seal of Bo Mingyu, beaten into the metal as if with a mighty hammer. 'With this sword' said Bo Mingyu ' you will journey with safety, for all who dwell within the land of the Q'in will know its power.' Bo Mingyu turned then and pointed to the baskets that were set upon the grass. 'And my cooks bring to you a great feast, prepared of the fowl of the field and lake, of the best noodles and spices, and of the finest meats of pig and goat, and set these before you.'
Bo Mingyu passed the sword to Naguib. 'Travel safely my friends. If ever you face peril upon your journey you should send forth a call unto the Q'in garrison, that which is close by, and carry the sword unto their leader and seek his aid. This you may ever do while you travel the lands of the Q'in.'
But Bo Mingyu was unhappy with the Golden Peony. For as Bo Mingyu spoke so did he cast his eyes at the Golden Peony such that in but a few moments she and her warriors bowed and moved off in the darkness. And always did Dong Yun sit, silent upon his horse at the edge of the shadows, his face shrouded, his eyes gleaming as they stared upon my comrades and I and Golden Peony. Minkaff and Gase went forward and carried the baskets unto our fire where they took from each many sweetbreads and broths and bowls of noodles and rice and gourds of mai'tai. As my comrades clustered nearby the baskets with much chatter Naguib and Zhao Cheung and Omar bowed unto Bo Mingyu and gave thanks. In the darkness behind I saw that the Golden Peony and her warriors had departed to their camp. Bo Mingyu remounted his horse and rejoined Dong Yun and the warriors. They turned their horses and moved off, followed by the cooks and courtiers.
We were fortunate indeed and all drew nearby Naguib such that they much touch the sword, for we travelled now under the care of the Q'in. Indeed, it was that we travelled under the care of the mightiest of all of the Q'in. We sat nearby our fires and gave thanks to the Gods, our bowls filled with the feast of Bo Mingyu, our goatskins and gourds overflowing with the clear fire of mai'tai, around us the smoke drifting in the cold night, pricking our noses and eyes with a sharp smell, the stars blazing white in the skies above. But even as I lifted the mai'tai unto my lips my eyes searched in the shadows. Though no words had been spoken still I knew that Dong Yun frowned upon the Golden Peony, that he sat in the darkness, his thoughts filled with malice, his eyes flickering as if a viper within its nest. I felt the worm of fear turn in my chest.

* * *

(Here endeth the thirteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. This day we joined with Taheret, wife of Khanefer, and their sons Inemi, Khahar and Paser as they carried incense and gifts unto the temple in memory of their husband and father. There were many tears. My mother Eti and Asenath, wife to Mekhu, have gone with Taheret into the courtyard of my father's house. They will give unto her much comfort. My cousins sit by the door chewing upon the leaf of the betel bush.)
Xian
(Here is written the fourteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. My father's brother Mekhu has come to our table this night. He is joined by his wife Asenath and their son Djedi and their daughter Taheret. The children are indeed beautiful and are greatly treasured.)
Our journey through the mountains, from the plains of Hanzhong unto the gates of Xian, was slow and ponderous. We followed an ancient road, a path used by the Q'in, over many years, but narrow and cut into the steep sides of the rocky gorges, so narrow that but a single mis-step might spell doom. So it was that we did not ride but walked nearby the sides of our horses, our weapons and other goods tied unto our saddles. And our wounded also could not ride, but walked with crutches fashioned from the wood of bushes, or of broken lances lashed with twine, some with a firm hold to the saddle such that they did not fall, others clinging close by the wall of rock to our side. Far below our feet the waters raged in the narrow gullies, crashing over rocks and coloured as is the blue ice in mid winter. Each day and night the winds slapped our faces with a touch of frost, tearing at our leggings and tunics and moaning high in the rocks above. The Nubians gibbered in fear and spoke of gods and demons but Naguib said to us that the mountain peaks and the valleys were such that the wind could not pass easily across the land and so it moaned as it struck upon the rocks and fell into the valleys. Of course the Nubians found no peace in these words, for the wind came always in bursts and slaps, oft with strength enough to push a man unto his knees.
Also it was that our nights were bitter, the dung fires sputtering in the intemperate winds, biting with a cold fire upon our skins as man and horse crouched close against the rocks, our tunics tight, our faces covered. And twice also we were struck with storms of snow and ice that beat upon our faces as does the sand of a desert storm and such that in but a few moments our noses and lips and chin might become as wood. Always it was that our faces and fingers and toes must be covered and kept close and warm against our bodies. And in the cold dark of the mornings, when no sun could reach between the tall peaks and steep slopes, the ice sat still on the rocks beneath our feet. Again, a single false step might spill a man into the chasm below. Indeed it was a perilous journey.
Each night I sat with Zhao Cheung nearby our fire, and listened as he spoke with me in the tongue of the Q'in. I learned of the Q'in words for the arm of a man, for his leg and face and eyes and chin, for the horses, and their saddles and leathers, for the pigs and goats and ducks and many birds of the river, for the tunics that wrapped our shoulders and the helmets that sat upon our heads, for the weapons of the Q'in, the lances, the curved bows and the feathered arrows, and the many foods placed before us, the noodles, the rice, the plants and spices. Truly, many nights it was that my head was as if to burst, aching from the many words spoken to me by Zhao Cheung, such that as I lay upon my blanket, my head upon my saddle, my eyes roaming the heavens and it seemed that I might never sleep.
But it was, on a night filled with frozen winds and rain, that Meskel did not cover his face, but slept with his head upon his saddle, his face upturned to the frozen skies. On the next day it was that the point of Meskel's nose and the bottom of one ear were both turned to the colour of parchment. And in but two more days each had turned to the colour of pitch, but shriven as is the dry gourd in the desert sand. It was indeed a strange sight and such that Sione and many of the Nubians cried out in fear. And then, most horrible of all, after a score of days each blackened stump broke from his face, such that his nose was as if riven by a knife never wetted and his ear as if cut from his head by a clumsy sword. It was truly terrible and Meskel wept for many days and would not speak. But in truth not a few moons passed and we looked upon Meskel and saw him as always he had been and did not again speak of it.
Yet, while it was that Meskel grieved for his nose and his ear, also had good fortune smiled upon our band. When we came forth onto the plains before Xian no man or beast had we lost unto the treacherous path. Before us we saw a wide plain, cut with streams that sparkled in the bright sun above, the land filled with the green of grasses and the bright yellow of flowers. Even as the winter came upon us still the golden flowers bloomed. To our fore, in the far distance but not greater than two days ride, we saw the dark smoke of Xian. I turned in my saddle and looked to my rear. Ya Mang Yu rode nearby. He waved one hand then rode his horse close by my side. His face was clear and he sat straight upon his saddle, the reins to his horse cradled in the hook that was now his left hand, his right hand at his hip. He brought his horse to a walk and threw out his right arm, pointing toward Xian. Zhao Cheung and Omar rode close beside, as always.
'Xian lies before us Agi. A place of beauty. Of great beauty. Tomorrow we will come unto the gates of Xian, the city of my birth. You will see great things Agi, things of wonder, many things that never before have you seen. And we will go unto the house of my uncle. His name is Xing Meng. He is a fine man, a merchant, a seller of pigs and grain. I have learned much at his knee.' My eyes followed those of Ya Mang Yu to the far horizon where the smoke from the fires of Xian hung low above the rolling green. Behind us the dark rocks rose into the sky, cut with steep valleys and touched with snow and ice. After a score of days and frozen nights I was greatly pleased that we had left the mountains behind us but I also cared little for the thoughts of great things, or things of great beauty, or things of wonder or even, indeed, for thoughts of Xing Meng though I was to find him a man of honour. In truth I cared only for the thought of a soft bed of straw, a meal of hot broth and noodles and a night where I might sleep in warm comfort, my tunic and blankets tight around me.

* * *

Ya Mang Yu was a happy soul and ever an optimist who, even when his hand had been taken, saw still the good in all and believed also that much bounty awaited him in his future. But it was not one day but three days that were to pass before our caravan came before the gates of Xian, for the valley floor was soft and cut by many streams such that our horses sometimes walked in mud that reached unto their knees. The armour of the Q'in warriors, and that of their horses, was of such weight that the warriors could not ride upon the horses, and so they fell from their saddles and walked beside. But three of the warriors were gripped by the mud, as high as to the bottom of their tunics, such that they could not free their legs. Other warriors cast ropes unto the trapped men and it was that each man was dragged from the mud, crying out in anger and shame.
As we came close unto Xian, the sun falling behind the distant hills to the west, we saw that the city lay within mighty walls that stood high above the plain and stretched for far to our left and to our right. The walls of the city were bathed in the pale golden light of the sun and upon the wind came the sound of many horns as the warriors atop the city walls called our arrival. To all sides the land was filled with wide, flat pastures, filled with the waters of the river and also with many workers, their backs bent unto the harvest, their heads covered with a helmet of reeds, shaped as is a pyramid. And to each side we saw small villages, mayhap not even of a half score of houses, made of wood and mud and thatched at the roof. Children ran between the small houses, their feet red with mud, their faces streaked with earth, their bellies swollen, their legs thin as are those of the tall birds that walk at the river's edge. At the call of the horns many of the workers in the pastures raised their heads but I saw little joy upon their faces. And, as quickly as they had turned to look upon us, so they turned again unto their toil. I looked to Naguib, who looked also to me. His eyebrows rose against his forehead. Indeed I thought to myself. When next I spoke with Omar I would ask of the workers and the children with the legs of birds.
Then, as we came unto the gates of Xian, all in our band gazed with awe and wonder upon the mighty walls and towers. Zhao Cheung said to us that this was named the Wan Cheng Gate. It was the southern entry to the mighty city, set with two gates, each painted red, the colour of blood newly spilled, each taller than that of five men, nay six, standing each upon the shoulders of he that stands beneath and each as wide as three horses are long. The timbers of each gate were greater in size than is the girth of Gase, and he is of a girth that is greater than two of Isesi. The gates were bound with sheets of iron and mighty bolts that stretched across the wide timbers. Above the gates and at each side rose a battlement of stone, carved of the rock of the mountains, the colour of the darkest of storm clouds and set with many arrowslits. The great stones set within the battlements were carved also unto the shape of the mud bricks that are made on the shores of the Nile but each was greater in size than that of a camel
To each side of the mighty gate stretched the walls of Xian, capped also with battlements of mountain stone, cut in blocks greater in length than is a small dhow and greater in height than two men might stand, one upon the other. I saw that this was a task of the Gods, for to build such a city would call for a strength greater than that of man alone. I kissed the amulet at my throat and said a small prayer to Osiris for Zhao Cheung said to us that the Q'in indeed had been the builders of this city. I knew then that these were men of greatness for the city of Xian rivaled even the temples of Thebes. And at the foot of the mighty walls stretched a canal, a moat of water, coloured the bright green of fresh leaves and mayhap three score of cubits in its width. The waters of the moat were filled with the floating leaves of plants, huge leaves that never before had we seen, greater in width even than the arms of a man when held forth to each side of his body, each with thick stems of green hung with the dying petals of white flowers. A wooden bridge lay atop the moat, leading from the road unto the gates, made of the trunks of mighty trees, hewn flat upon the tops such that men and horses and wagons might pass with ease and bound each unto the other with thick hempen ropes. I saw that ropes also stretched from the furthermost corners of the bridge unto openings high in the battlements above the gates. This I knew to be such that in time of danger the bridge might be drawn against the gates such that the horses of your enemy could not cross and so must ford the moat. I knew then that the green waters of the moat also hid many dangers, that mayhap spiked bamboo and deep pools awaited, ready to prey upon the unwary.
There were many openings in the battlements above the gates and at the tops of the walls. In each of the openings I saw flickers of movement, the wave of a hand, the toss of a helmet streaming with ribbons, the flash of searching eyes, the sharp tips of arrows and lances. Of course we came in peace. Was this not known to the people of Xian? I looked about me at our caravan; greater than five score of horses, many laden with stores and other goods, milling and braying and trampling upon the path and the grasses before the city, until all was a sea of mud and horse dung; all but five score of mounted warriors, riding with lances at their toe, their tips tied with banners that cracked in the wind, their armour gleaming at their chests, their helmets strung with ribbons that fluttered in the breezes. Yes. Indeed we were a fearsome band, indeed many was the man that would see us a great host and, if a man did not know of our journey, mayhap he would fear that a band of brigands had come upon him.
But this was not to be. For the banners and colours of Bo Mingyu and the Golden Peony were known unto the people of Xian and so again the horns were sounded as the gates began to open, each pushed by a score of warriors, each warrior clothed in armour of black and gold with black tunics beneath and with helmets of black, painted with gold and hung with golden ribbons. Ya Mang Yu leaned close to Zhao Cheung and spoke softly. 'They wear the colours of the warlord of Xian. His name is Chen Bang. He bows to the Khan and his family.' Ya Mang Yu looked to the people in the pastures, his brow furrowed. 'But I see that his warriors are fat and that their armour shines in the sun with bright colours and ribbons, while in the paddies the farmers toil, their bodies thin as are those of the wild dogs, and their children run naked, without tunics to cover their bodies. I fear that he makes great tax upon the people.' Ya Mang Yu shook his head. His face showed great sadness. 'If it is that Chen Bang has emptied the granaries it will be a hard winter.'
As I looked upon the city I saw it as a thing of beauty, but I felt also a touch of ice upon my neck. For it seemed to me that the City crouched upon the land as does the giant toad of the Nile crouch in the reeds at the river's edge, dark and grey and silent and evil, eyes gleaming as the beetle flies near, until the wide mouth opens and the tongue flickers and the beetle is consumed, yet not a whisper comes unto the ear. All of those who travelled with me showed great happiness that we had come to Xian and laughed and called each unto the other. Truly, I was happy also to have come to the city, that I might now sleep with full belly and in a warm bed. But still I touched the amulet at my throat and spoke a small prayer unto the Gods. I vowed to take care while we camped nearby the walls of Xian.

* * *

We made camp to the east of the Wen Chang Gate, nearby the banks of the moat, the camp of the Q'in warriors to the west. Our horses we tethered beyond the houses of the workers, mayhap six hundred cubits distant but close by a stream and with much grass. As we leaned upon our saddles, the night falling cold upon our shoulders, our fires burning with bright sparks in the frozen air, we supped from a broth prepared by Minkaff and heard much laughter and shouting. Meskel came to the fire and said to us that the Chongqing warriors were to depart at first light to return unto the court of Chongquing, and so the Q'in warriors and the Chongquing warriors now sported together, with many vats of mai'tai and many baskets of food. Nearby my side sat Naguib and Omar. Ya Mang Yu also sat close by, the hook of his left hand held to his bowl of broth as it was set upon his knee. Omar turned his face to Naguib but his eyes were set upon Ya Mang Yu.
'Naguib. Ya Mang Yu has said to me that he has family in Xian and that he will go to join them. His uncle's name is Shang Chao and his house lies within the walls of the city.'
'How can he go to join his family Omar? Does not he serve the son of the Khan?'
'He has been cast aside Naguib. Bo Mingyu has decreed that Ya Mang Yu has failed in his duty. His hand has so been taken and he has been cast from service. He cannot serve as a warrior to the Khan if he cannot draw a bow or hold a sword or shield.'
Naguib's face was troubled. 'Yes. It is that your words are true. When does he go to join his family? I will pray that he should prosper.'
Omar nodded. 'My words are indeed true Naguib. It is best that he join his family, for only a man's family is it that will care for him when he is wounded, or riven with sickness. And Ya Mang Yu has asked also that we join with him as he goes to meet his family. He wishes that we are able to speak with his uncle for he thinks him a fine man, and that we should take tea and break bread at his table.'
Naguib nodded, but did not speak for many moments, his face still dark and troubled. 'Yes Omar. This I understand. But also do I not wish to give offence to Bo Mingyu.' Naguib's eye's turned to me. 'And also I do not wish to give offence to Dong Yun. Of this there is already enough I fear.' Naguib's eyes lingered upon my face then he turned again to Omar. 'But go forth with Ya Mang Yu. Mayhap Agi and Zhao Cheung also should attend. But take care.' Naguib raised his eyes to the battlements above, where the golden light of fires flickered on the dark stone. 'There is a darkness in this city that I cannot fathom. I fear that there is danger in this place.' Naguib stared at the battlements for a long moment, then turned his eyes again unto mine. 'Yes. Go with Omar and Zhao Cheung and deliver Ya Mang Yu safely unto his uncle. But do not tarry. And do not bring trouble upon us.'
But it was another day that passed before we ventured forth with Ya Mang Yu. Naguib said that all horses should have the brush put upon their coat and that the hooves of all should be turned and cleaned. So passed the first day of our camp in Xian. On the second day, as the sun fell to the horizon and with breezes icy upon our faces, we stepped into the shadows of the city. Ya Mang Yu had shed his armour and dressed now only in a long tunic of woven threads, coloured with the red juices of plants but also with markings of blue upon the cloth, of flowers and urns and fans, taken also from the juices of plants but mixed with ochres of blue and white. Upon his feet he wore boots, made of the fur of animals and turned at the toe such that the tip of each boot pointed unto his knee, each tied with a ball of fur at the toe, and upon each boot many markings, woven of threads of red and blue and white. Upon his head he wore a cloth helmet, woven of the wool of a beast, but I know not what beast, tied beneath his chin with a leather thong. He had but few possessions, rolled within a bundle of cloth and carried upon his back. His armour, his bow, his arrows and his shield he had gifted unto the Nubians who had shared these gifts one unto the other. His sword hung still at his hip.
Zhao Cheung had joined us for without him we could not know the tongue of the Q'in. He wore his Q'in robes, the hem dragging upon the earth, a helmet of thick animal skin and fur upon his head, with long flaps that fell to each side and a peak that stood two handspans above, also topped with fur. Omar and I wore our tunics still, those given of the Ha'ka. Better these I thought than the heavy armour of the Q'in, for our tunics and boots and helmets warmed our bodies and our feet though each gave forth a vile smell. Naguib said to us that it was as if we had lain with a pack of wet dogs. In truth I had little care for our tunics were warm in the night and dry in the rains. And even on the coldest of mornings it was only upon our hands that we felt the sharp blade of winter. Of course it was that I had not seen or spoken with the Golden Peony for many days, so little care did I show to my beard or my tunic or to the vile smells. I had heard the words of Naguib and Zhao Cheung and Omar, and I had listened well. I would not venture near the Golden Peony to cause offense to Bo Ming Yu or Dong Yun.
But of course I did not then know the Golden Peony or of her iron will, or that it was not I that should venture to speak with her but that she should venture to speak with me. So it has ever been. And so it was that Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun were to be offended, and Naguib and Omar and Zhao Cheung to become fearful and angry and I, in my selfish weakness, to put the Golden Peony and I and all of my comrades in terrible danger. But many moons were to pass before this came upon us. I will speak more of this when I tell of our time in Deng Feng, when we lived in the court of the Khan for the turn of the seasons, greater even than a half score of moons. It is a story of riches beyond the belief of man, of men and women of noble purpose who showed ot us ungreat kindness and wisdom but also of evil men and women who sought always to deceive and to make our lives forfeit. Their hatred knew no bounds. And also of how the sparkling powder, when set up a reed, rushed into the night skies and twinkled above us as do the stars, or when set within a bowl or gourd did sound as if the roar of thunder or the crash of lightning, sending smoke and cries of fear into the winds. And of the word of man, cut upon blocks of wood and rubbed with ink and set upon papyrus, but a papyrus not as that of the Nile, but one beaten of the trunk of the hemp tree and mixed with water and fine muds and the soft bark of other trees. And of great ships, larger even than our mighty ship, each set with many sails of softest white, each sail marked with the seal of the Khan in inks of red and black and green and gold. And of the Golden Peony. There is still much that I must tell.

* * *

(Here endeth the fourteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
The battle of Denfu Lane
(Here is written the fifteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
Ya Mang Yu lead the way as we moved quickly through the dark lanes of Xian. The lanes were narrow, not even the span of the arms of two men, so narrow that a cart and two oxen might not pass. To each side stood many small houses, each close one upon the other, some of stone, some of wood, but many more of bricks of mud, all washed with a thick porridge of ash and water. All had roofs of tile or a thatch woven of the long stems of grasses, tied in thick bundles and dried by the sun. Each of the houses was small, not even that of the house of my father, so small as to be but one room where all of the family would seek shelter and work, and sleep, and eat. And beneath our feet the path was filled with mud and water and waste such that we made our steps with care. We did not journey far, mayhap not one hundred cubits, yet still the mud and filth was thick upon our boots and leggings.
As we passed by the houses of the people of Xian we saw fires burning within, the hearths filled with red coals, smoke winding into the air above as does the mist of the fields. The rooms were filled with many people, crouched close by the hearth, eating, laughing, shouting, chopsticks chattering upon wooden bowls, faces golden in the firelight, hair black and shaven and tied such that a top knot sat high upon the head. Many smells filled the air, of rich spices that touched at our noses such that our bellies cried out in hunger, of broth, boiling in vats, and filled with plants and noodles, of animals and waste, of burning coal and the sweet smell of burning wood. Many people sat before small tables, their heads bent low above a score of tiles, each tile carved of ivory taken from the tusks of mighty beasts and each the colour of old papyrus, marked in strokes of black and red and green and shaped as are the mud bricks that sat within the walls of the houses. Hands slapped upon tables, fingers moved tiles without rest, placing each tile one upon another, again and yet again, until the air was filled with a clacking as if of a thousand birds.
Ya Mang Yu called the names of the lanes as we ran. Shunchang, filled with the small houses of the Q'in; Defu, a curling narrow lane filled with small merchants who worked in metal or leather even now, as the night fell upon Xian, in the flickering light of fires or of smoky lanterns upon the walls, hammers pounding still against the anvil, needles piercing and binding the leather; Fenxiang, a long street with many taverns, filled with men, roaring and slapping their hands against timber cabinets, their faces red and wet; Zhubashi, a quiet street, filled only with the houses of Q'in families and a sense of peace, but also with a sty filled with many pigs. Ya Mang Yu had said to us that his uncle dwelt on a lane named Hongbu, in a village within the city, the village of Liahu. He said that Lianhu lay to the northern side of the bell tower, that the streets were roamed by brigands and thieves and that we should take care.
As we passed by the bell tower we turned our heads to look upon its majesty. For the bell tower stretched far above such that it was lost into the night, its walls of dark stone, stepped with roofs of red tile, with many doors and windows and great battlements of stone. Many of the warriors of Xian, mayhap two score, stood at the battlements. A half score of warriors also stood nearby the entry to the bell tower, the mighty doors painted in the colour of blood and bound with wide bands of iron and leather. All warriors were clad in the dark armour of Chen Bang and all carried lances of black wood, each with long haft and shining blade. I felt their eyes hot upon our shoulders as we ran through the darkness.
We came at last to the village of Lianhu and to the street of Hongbu, where on each side the mud brick houses gathered close one unto the other, as do crows when crouched upon the bare limbs of the winter trees. Again, all houses were washed with the porridge of ash and water, many with doors of red or blue, some with small lamps burning above. Small blocks of stone were set into the earth beneath our feet, each as clean as is the floor of the granary after the harvest has been ground. The house of Shang Chao lay at the mid point of Hongbu, a light burning above a door of blue, the step clean and washed also with ash and water. The door was painted with markings of trees and horses and wagons and men in colours of red and yellow and green. It was a door of beauty and also of pride, for it foretold that a man of deeds and wealth, mayhap a merchant, lived within. When Ya Mang Yu struck his hand upon the door it was opened in but a moment and a man with his head a handspan above even that of Naguib stood before us. It was the uncle of Yang Ma Yu, Shang Chao, for he cried out in happiness when he saw Ya Mang Yu and he and Ya Mang Yu bowed each unto the other then touched hands. At this he cried out again, but a cry of sadness, for he saw that Ya Mang Yu's hand had been taken.
We followed Shang Chao into his house, where we sat upon cushions nearby a table, shining and black, close by the side of a fire stone where burned a fire of sweet wood. On the walls hung two lamps, each of polished bronze, fashioned such as to be that of a standing dragon with claws outstretched, small flames leaping from the mouth. To each side of the fire stone sat a wooden cabinet, the wood polished and gleaming in the firelight but painted upon its top in the shining black of the table. On the wall that looked unto the fire were hung two flat pieces of wood, each painted in the colours of bright, shining gold and deepest red, and green and blue and white. On one was painted the face of a man, the face as that of Shang Chao but of greater years. I knew this to be the father of Shang Chao. And I knew also that the other must be that of the mother of Shang Chao, a woman of great age but still with hair black as pitch. Of course it was but a painting. The cushions that I sat upon were fat and soft and greater than two cubits in width and breadth. Each was covered in a cloth that glowed as do rubies in the light of a fire, with tassles of green and gold set upon each corner and stitched unto the mid point of each cushion, a flower woven of gold and green braids. I saw that it was the flower that floated upon the moat at the city walls.
An opening also was set into the wall at one side of the room and hung with curtains of the softest rose, of cloth so fine that all could see with ease what lay beyond. Beyond the rose curtains I saw that Shang Chao's family sat within another room. Two women, one old and one young, mayhap the wife and daughter of Shang Chao, and a young boy of not a half score of years, mayhap a son, sat upon a wide rug set upon an earthen floor, nearby a large fireplace where hung a large kettle, a fire of bright coals glowing beneath. Within the large fireplace the door of an oven also sat upon the wall. As Ya Mang Yu and Shang Chao and Zhao Cheung chattered each unto the other I saw the women of Shang Chao's family carry a white urn unto the kettle and fill the urn with the water. The water steamed and bubbled as it poured forth into the urn. While the young woman placed the urn upon a flat dish of dark wood the old woman opened the oven and took from it a plate filled with sweetbreads. This also she placed upon the flat dish then carried the dish into our room and placed it upon the shining black table. Upon the table she placed also small cups of fine clay, each painted in the soft blues of the morning sky, as it is before the sun has risen, each marked with symbols of the Q'in tongue. Each cup she filled with a clear broth of softest green, a tea, its taste of grains and flowers.
Yang Ma Yu made presentation to Shang Chao of a fine whip, taken from the tail of a tiger, slain far to the south of Guilin. The whip was greater than the span of a man's arms when outstretched, its woven leather knotted and lumpen and tied with the striped pelt of the beast. It was a beautiful gift and Shang Chao was greatly pleased. Shang Chao also made gift to Yang Ma Yu of a jerkin of fine cloth coloured in the brightest of yellow and marked with the symbols of the Q'in in blue and red ochre, its collar touched with fur, its hem stitched with many coloured beads. Yang Ma Yu also was greatly pleased.

* * *

After much chatter and many cups of green tea and many sweetbreads, we made farewell of Ya Mang Yu and Shang Chao and his family. There was much laughter but mayhap also sadness for we did not know our fates and so did not know should we ever again meet. Ya Mang Yu grasped the hands of Omar and of Zhao Cheung and also my hands, and touched his forehead unto the forehead of Omar and Zhao Cheung and to also my forehead. Omar said that Ya Mang Yu was thankful that our band had taken him to its heart and carried him to the house of his uncle and that he would forever be in debt for this good fortune. He said that Ya Mang Yu would now live with his uncle, that his uncle also was thankful that we had cared for his nephew and made safe his journey. And also that our welcome was assured, always, at the door of Shang Chao and that he and his nephew would pray that all should journey in safety and that we should meet again before the twilight of our years.
The night was still young as we returned to our camp, but the sky was empty of the moon and the lanes and alleys were cloaked in darkness. As we passed the bell tower one of Chen Bang's warriors shouted and held forth a lance. Zhao Cheung said that he had called upon us to make haste that we return to our homes. But our bellies were filled with hot tea and sweetbreads such that we did not know caution, and so it was that the sounds of laughter and mirth and the smells of rich spices and breads and a dream of the taste of mai'tai that carried us unto the door of a tavern in the alley of Fenxiang. We knew that our camp was close, mayhap five hundred cubits through the alleys of Defu and Shuncheng. Already Naguib's words, and those of Shang Chao, had flown from our heads. Why should we not taste of the mai'tai, or of noodles fresh cooked? But one mai'tai? It could do no harm.
The tavern stood close by the end of Denfu, at a place where the lane, filled still with the sounds of clacking and the shouts of the tavern, turned to its left hand until it came upon Xiangximao. From this place it would carry us unto Wan Cheng Gate. The door of the tavern was but an opening in the wall, hung with the rough hempen cloth cut from the bags of the granary and, as we stepped beneath the curtains, I heard the sound of rough voices and a rattle, as if of weapons. But when I looked again to the street I saw only a flash of hands and faces in the darkness of the alley close by. Of course it was an omen but my hunger for mai'tai and laughter was so strong as to cast if from my thoughts.
With Zhao Cheung at our head we pushed through a throng of Q'in workers. All were clad in woven tunics and leggings, their hair black and shaved unto a pigtail, faces shining and reddened with mai'tai, mouths open with laughter and shouting. Many sat upon the floor or upon small stools, others crouched close by the sides of small tables, the air filled with the clacking of tiles. Many stood nearby a tall cabinet, its top set such that a man might stand with his arms upon it as he tasted of his mai'tai. All in the tavern supped from cups or gourds or took sweetbreads or noodles to their mouths, their lips and chins wet with juices, their chopsticks chattering upon wooden bowls. The floor beneath our feet, hewn of timbers that lay each beside the other, was spread with shavings of wood. The air was thick with the smells of unwashed men and spices, of spilled mai'tai and of the coarse ale so loved by the Q'in.
Zhao Cheung called to the master of the tavern, a man of large girth, with the head of a melon and with arms and legs each as great as is the body of any man. In truth, as he stood nearby the cabinet, in each hand two gourds of mai'tai, he was as if the stump of a huge tree. And when Zhao Cheung asked what price he might place upon each gourd there was shouting and angry words. Omar said that the tavern master had asked for 'a pig of lead', and for this he would give unto us three gourds filled with mai'tai. Zhao Cheung carried a small sack, woven of hemp as are the bags of the granary, and in the sack he carried three 'pigs' of lead, each mayhap as long and as wide as is the last finger of my hand. We had seen the Q'in bargain each with the other such that one man's bag of grain might be the price of another man's fish, taken fresh from the river. But also we had seen, when one man could not give a bag of grain, but still he wished that he might be given the fish, so would he give then unto the other a 'pig', mayhap even two or three 'pigs', this as a payment for the fish.
We called to each other in the tavern in loud voices for to all sides the Q'in shouted each unto the other, all eating and drinking and laughing. We ate of the noodles and sweetbreads and drank of our gourds and shouted and laughed as did the Q'in. Zhao Cheung said to us that much of the Q'in chatter and laughter came when they looked upon our bright hair and beards. There was great mirth also as the Q'in looked upon the eyes of Omar, and many questions and many cups of mai'tai came unto Omar as he turned his eyes but to each side of the tavern at one time, the Q'in laughing and pointing and running unto from each side of the tavern unto the other. But as the night grew old our gourds were emptied and we knew it was time that we should return to our camp, and so with more laughter and many slaps of hands upon shoulders we made leave of the tavern and our new friends and stepped again into Denfu, our bodies swaying as do trees in the wind, our heads filled with clouds.
As we stepped into the lane I heard again the rough voices. I knew but little of the Q'in tongue but even so I knew these to be harsh words. I turned to Zhao Cheung. 'Zhao Cheung' I said. 'Do you listen? They speak of the stinking devils from afar, of the evil round eyes, that our heads are turned always to look back, that we are as thieves in the night and the tellers of untruths. I fear they speak of us Zhao Cheung.' But Zhao Cheung did not speak, for even as he turned to me a half score of Q'in came forth from the shadows, their faces dark and snarling, their hands filled with long wooden poles. With many screams they fell upon us, the long poles striking upon our heads and our shoulders. Zhao Cheung fell to the earth, a bloom of red upon his forehead.
There were many Q'in, mayhap a score, and we were but three. My memory tells me that we fought bravely but in truth it was a short and brutal battle. The many Q'in swarmed around us as we struck our closed hands upon their heads and their faces and their shoulders. It was but a moment that I found myself beaten unto the earth, the iron hands of the Q'in striking also upon my head and my face, my tunic laced with mud and waste, my head filled with bolts of lightning, the feet of the Q'in raining upon me as if I was trampled by a great herd of camels. While the Q'in cursed and roared and stamped their booted feet upon us I curled myself into a ball, much as does a baby when held within the arms of its mother. Omar and Zhao Cheung lay beside me, their knees also drawn unto their chests and their arms held tight about their heads. I feared that the rage of the Q'in was such that we would be crushed as is the beetle that scuttles on the floor of my mother's kitchen.

* * *

But even as my head was filled with light I heard a cry and many of the Q'in of the tavern spilled forth into the lane. With shouts of anger the Q'in who had set upon us ran into the darkness and we lay upon the muddy earth, our heads bloody, our bodies sore and aching. The tavern revellers were kind and brought water and rags and wiped the blood and earth from our faces. Zhao Cheung sat beside me as we leaned our wounded bodies against the wall of the tavern, his hand unto his nose. 'My nose has been wounded Agi. Its bones are shattered. I feel them move as I press my fingers upon it.' The light was poor, only the flicker of lanterns and a pale moon lighting the lane but I saw that Zhao Cheung's nose was now the colour of a dark grape, and larger also than a pomegranate. At his side sat Omar, one eye purple and bruised. My head and hands ached for I had been struck many times by the poles of the brigands. My wounded shoulder burned and I felt the heat of new blood upon my skin. Who were the brigands I asked myself. Why did they fall upon us? We carried no treasure, only our weapons. Not even the 'pigs of lead' for these we had traded for mai'tai and sweetbreads.
When we returned to the camp, our faces red and swollen, Naguib had taken Zhao Cheung and Omar unto the far side of our fire and there had spoken with them long into the night. Omar had said to me that Naguib also was puzzled and could not know why the brigands had set upon us. But when Zhao Cheung had said to him that he heard the words 'the golden peony' come from the mouths of the brigands it was that Naguib became fearful that Dong Yun plotted against us. Naguib stood before us in the darkness, the soft glow of our fires painting his tunic and leggings with a pale light. He said to us again that we must take care. As he spoke his eyes were fixed upon mine and I knew he spoke only unto me. And when I said unto him that I had not spoken with the Golden Peony, but that she had sought me out and spoken unto me, he slapped his hands together and shook his head in anger.
'Agi. Is your head filled with mud? It matters not if it is you that speaks with the Golden Peony or if it is the Golden Peony that speaks with you. You must seek always to be far from the Golden Peony. And if it is that you see the Golden Peony nearby then you must leave. My heart tells me that Dong Yun is a danger unto our band and that he plots our downfall. And I also believe that he has many eyes, and that they stare upon you, always.' It seemed that half the night passed before my eyes closed and I fell into sleep. My thoughts were filled with the words of Naguib, and my body ached from the feet of the Q'in.

* * *

(Here endeth the fifteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. This night my father has been flatulent and of ill temper. It is fortunate that all in his family are patient.)
To the court of the Great Khan
(Here is written the sixteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox.)
I rose in the cold dew of the early morning, with mist swirling above the wide flat leaves of the moat, the green waters curled with the paths of long necked birds, their feathers shining and wet as they dived and bobbed, seeking for small fish and frogs in the mud and leaves. A mighty hammer was striking against an anvil deep within my head and my belly was on fire, such that at each step of Kharim I knew that my head must burst and fall from my shoulders. So great was my sickness that twice Minkaff's broth spilled from my mouth and I swayed upon my saddle as does a stick of wood as it floats upon the ocean. The sun was past the mid point of the sky before my head was restored and the fire doused within my belly. But my eye still was ringed in black and was red and weeping as if filled with sand, for the closed hand of the Q'in had struck hard upon my cheek. My shoulder burned. My back and my legs ached also. Omar's nose was greatly swollen and also red and Zhao Cheung sat askew upon his saddle, one leg stretched before him, sore and aching from the sandals of the Q'in. Naguib also had risen early and sat high in the saddle upon Chittagong. He looked upon us, his mouth tight, his eyes narrow. He was disgusted. We hung our heads in shame.
Our mighty caravan had departed Xian in the darkness before the dawn, as the sky was softened by the coming sun, our horses moving slowly across a wide flat plain of grass and frozen rice fields. Our journey would take us unto Tongguan. Zhao Cheung said that mayhap five or even ten days might pass that we should follow the River Weihe until it joined with the mighty Yellow River, the mightiest of all the rivers of Q'in'a. He said that its name, when called in the tongue of the Q'in, was to be known as the Huang He Kiang and that it flowed from the far reaches of the north and west so unto the sea, far to the east, bringing water and fruitful mud unto the plains and river valleys. It is a mother river he said, one that gives life to all that live upon its path,but also a cruel mistress, one that sends floods of water into the lowlands and takes many lives as it rushes to the sea. He said also that his friend Meng Liu Ju, of the Q'in warriors, had said unto him that upon coming to the shores of the great river, nearby the city of Tongguan, so our caravan would place all men and horses into the mighty ships of the Q'in and journey upon the Yellow River unto the pavilions of Deng Feng. The was great muttering and excitement when Zhao Cheung said that our journey unto Deng Feng should be not greater than a score of days.
Our caravan stretched far before me, mayhap greater than two thousand cubits, I and my comrades and our packhorses far to the rear. The sun was bright in the sky above but our skins were pricked by the cold wind. The air was touched with ice and we rode with tunics tight against our bodies, our helmets lashed beneath our chins, our leggings trapped within our long boots. Many of the Q'in now placed a covering upon their hands, wrapped tight unto the wrist but such that fingers might still hold firm unto reins and ropes. All within our band rode with hands uncovered, but soon our hands had become so cold that we rode with only one hand upon the reins. The other we held at our shoulder, beneath our arm and, when this hand was warmed, would take it and place it upon the reins and so place the other beneath our arm. In this way did our hands not become frozen.
But one moon I thought unto myself, but one moon must pass before our journey with Bo Mingyu should come to an end and we would come unto the city of Deng Feng. And what then? Naguib had said unto us that the Q'in might keep us in their city such that they could speak with us, to study our customs and our tongue and mayhap see much mirth in our hair and beards. But how many moons might pass before the Q'in tired of us, of our custom or our mirth? What then? If the Q'in no longer cared to speak with us would they cast us from the city such that we might continue our journey home? The Q'in were a cruel people. And unforgiving. This I had seen as Yang Ma Yu's hand was cut from his arm. In battle I had seen the Q'in warriors seek no quarter, but neither did they offer quarter. Even the most sorely wounded of the Mongols, as he lay upon the earth, unmoving, had not been spared the sweeping stroke of the Q'in blade. But it was on our journey from the plains of Guilin that Bo Mingyu's warriors had showed always kindness to our band, and the cooks also were generous and kind that they gave food and vats and spices unto Minkaff and also labored at his side such that he might know the ways of the Q'in kitchen. Indeed, it was as a puzzle unto my thoughts. And Meng Liu Ju had spoken also of mighty ships. How long and how wide were these such that they might carry the many men and horses that rode before us, and the weapons and food and all other? The Chongqing warriors had departed but still it was that all but four score of men and greater than five score of horses that remained. If but a score of men and horses might be placed upon each ship then I knew that not less than five ships should await us. Of course this was not to be. For the Gods would yet again sport with our fates as we trusted our lives to the mighty Yellow River. Far better it was that we did not know of the perils to come.

* * *

For seven days more we followed the path of the River Weihe, winding across the green floor of a wide valley, the mountains to each side also green with many trees but touched at their peaks with snow and swirling clouds. The valley floor was cut by many streams and to all sides we saw the flat fields, empty now of rice but filled with blackened mud, for the winter was fast upon us. Each night was colder than the night that passed, each night our fires burned bright, and each night we huddled close by the flames, our feet held close unto the glowing coals, our heads upon our saddles. Our horses too huddled close such that each may give warmth one unto the other.
Our journey was slow for the earth beneath was cold and wet. Each day we tended the hooves of our horses for the mud and the ice might quickly wound the feet of a horse such that it could not walk. As the night came upon us and we made camp so also would we gather our horses together where there was grass and lift and clean each hoof of mud and earth. Each night would I clean the hooves of Kharim and also would I take forth a stick of wood, cut with my axe and such that when drawn across the coat of Kharim it was as is the comb that my wife draws through her hair. So it was that Kharim set forth on each new morning with hooves clean and dry and a coat that gleamed in the morning sun. This was ordained for it was that our fates were bound.
And also would I take from Kharim's back the red timbers of Gond, lashed in a bundle with the long flat weapon of wood. Each night I would bind again the bundle such that it might sit with ease at my back as I sat upon the saddle and also that it sat with ease upon the back of Kharim. Always I watched my bundle with the eye of the eagle. I had taken but three logs of red timber when we left our mighty ship with the Ha'ka yet not three remained, for one was split from one end unto its other such that only one half of the log remained. For one night, mayhap but two days err we came unto Xian, while I worked upon the hooves of Kharim, Isesi had taken a log of red timber and broken it with an axe and placed it under the vats of Minkaff. For this I fought with Isesi and struck him upon his head and placed my foot firmly upon his rear. He cried and wept but even Naguib was angry and sent Isesi forth for many days to gather horse dung.
It was after seven days had passed that we came upon the shores of the Yellow River, nearby the small city of Tongguan, a cold wind from the river lifting the manes of our horses. The river was so wide as to be greater than three thousand cubits, mayhap even four thousand, the shores to the far side so distant as to be but a vision, pale and floating in the mist and rain. The waters of the Yellow River were the colours of yellow and brown and green, its surface cut with islands of mud that stretched far to our north. To the east the river narrowed such that it was not two thousand cubits in width but filled with channels of dark water that curled between the many islands of mud. The muddy wetlands stretched far on each side of the river, the mud spotted with many birds of many colours, some with feathers of grey and bellies of white and yellow, with long legs and long beaks, and mayhap two cubits from their feet unto their head, others small and plump, with feathers of white and brown, that hopped and pecked upon the mud, seeking the snails and beetles that lived within.
Zhao Cheung said to us that we would travel upon the river only in the light of day, that the dangers were great, for the river was filled with many hidden rocks and shallows that might trap our boats. And so we made camp upon the grasses nearby the shores of the Weihe, our fires piled high with wood carried from Xian and also with the dung of our horses. Minkaff made a broth of noodles and this we ate, mixed with the coarse bread of the Q'in. Naguib also brought forth a single gourd of mai'tai and there was much laughter and mirth. But I did not sup from the gourd. Nor did Omar and Zhao Cheung. Our heads and our bellies were not yet restored. The night was so cold as to cut the skin from a man's face and turn his nose and ears to lumps of wood. But our fire burned bright and we sat close beside, our heads upon our knees, our backs against our saddles. When I awoke in the darkness of the morning the skies were clear, the stars still bright in the heavens. The ice had touched the grass and our tunics in the deep of night and painted white our saddles and the coats and manes of our horses. Puffs of steam came from the mouths of horses and men abd the sound of hands slapped one upon the other filled the air. Our leathers creaked and crackled, and ice hung from our beards. Winter came hard upon the land of the Q'in.
Our caravan was slow to load unto the ships. Even as the sun rose in the sky, still we sat upon our saddles and waited as the milling horses and men before us moved slowly upon the shores of the river and crossed the bamboo bridge unto the decks of the boats. I could see no masts above the shores of the river and so I left Naguib and Omar and Zhao Cheung and rode close upon the shore, better to look upon the mighty ships of the Q'in. But, when I brought Kharim to a halt, nearby the edge of the water and atop a small rise, I saw before me many small boats, none were greater than five score of cubits in their length and none greater than one score and ten cubits in their width, each with a railing that stood not ten cubits above the water. Mayhap four men stood upon the deck of each boat, three men, each holding a long pole, each pole greater than ten cubits in its length, and one man standing to the stern, his hands upon the long arm of the tiller. These were sturdy boats, their timbers cut from the tree of bamboo, with decks also of bamboo, tied with thick ropes of hemp and sealed with pitch. But each was so large as only to carry a half score of men and horses and so there were many boats, all but a score. One boat was tied unto the shore of the river, a wide bridge of bamboo laid upon the earth and reaching across the waters to its deck. Q'in warriors had brought many horses upon the boat, such that it soon cast away the bridge and moved down river, mayhap five hundred cubits, where it stood nearby the shore, held against the waters by the poles of the boatmen. Nearby a half score of boats already filled with Q'in warriors and their horses. The air was filled with shouts of anger and laughter, the cooks screaming as vats and provisions were tumbled from the backs of the packhorses into the mud and water, for the shore was steep and perilous of foot.
I saw that all boats would follow, each unto the other, until all horses and men were taken upon their decks. Even as I watched I saw that Bo Mingyu and Dong Yun rode onto the deck, their courtiers and many warriors behind. So distant was I that I could not see the face of Bo Mingyu or that of Dong Yun but as they leapt from their saddles they turned again to the land, where still many Q'in warriors and horses struggled. To this day I will place my hand upon my heart and make obeisance to the Gods for as Dong Yun looked unto the land so it was that I felt his eyes upon me. And I saw that his eyes flashed red as do the eyes of a demon, burning in his face as if the bright embers of a fire, and I felt a wave of fear wash my body and the cold stone of misfortune lodge in my chest. I touched the amulet at my throat and turned my eyes aside that a curse should not fall upon me, then rode again to join my comrades. I heard Naguib's word ring again in my ears.

* * *

Before us the long line of boats stretched down river, many lost to our sight beyond the winding bends and low hills that lay to each side. The river was wide, mayhap three thousand cubits, but the early rains of the wet season had long gone and the snow of the winter also long melted, such that the boatmen called loudly to each the other and pushed their poles deep into the waters, guiding the boats between islands of mud and through the shallow waters. Zhao Cheung said to us that we were indeed fortunate, for to travel upon the river in the early summer was filled with peril, for it was the season of the flood. 'The river mother is resting.' he said. 'She will rest for all of the winter but she will return with her gifts when the cold season has passed. But she will be angry also and her waters will flood much of the land and many will perish. But she will leave again the gift of precious mud that will feed our paddies and our harvests for many moons.'
Before we loaded upon the boats we had cut much grass and bound this in bundles tied about with long stems torn from the bark of trees. My shoulder now moved freely but I knew that it would cause me hardship as the seasons cooled. We cast the bundles upon the deck and so our horses snuffled and chewed at the grasses as we lay nearby, our heads upon our saddles. On each side we saw that the hills grew taller, stretching now far above the water such that our boat moved sometimes in deep shadow, the waters dark beneath. We saw also that the river narrowed, now mayhap not a thousand cubits. The river ran smoothly still but with ripples and swirls at the rocks at the shoreline. No more mud islands did we see.
All day we floated upon the Yellow River, the wide valley shadowed by tall mountains to the north and to the south, the lowlands filled with green pasture and many paddies. But as we journeyed so did the valley narrow, the waters winding between steep hillsides cut with red earth where the land had fallen in the rains of the wet season but also green with many bushes and trees. The peaks of the hills were touched with white and as we journeyed into shadow we felt the cold touch of the winter breeze upon our faces. But the boatmen were happy and laughed and called each unto the other, their long poles now placed upon the deck, hands now set only upon the tiller. We passed many villages, some with not a half score of houses, some with pigs nearby the houses, others with the oxen of the Q'in. Sometimes we saw the people of the villages, their faces and tunics marked with mud, their feet bare, their shoulders without covering, the bellies of their children swollen, their legs as if but sticks of grain. We saw that good fortune did not walk among these people. We passed close by the city of Sanmexia, its towers and walls black upon the hillsides but lit also by the twinkle of light and bright fires. Many felt the pull of the city but we did not leave our boats.
The air was touched with ice as we came again to the shore, the sun's last light painting the skies to the west in purple and rose and the brightest golds. But even as we looked to the skies we saw that the colours changed and the darkness came upon us. Many boats were already hard against the shore. The decks were cleared of the dung of our horses and the coarse broken bread of the Q'in was shared. Minkaff made a small fire in a vat and made a broth of tea, a leaf given to him by the cook Deng Ping. There was little chatter for the wind had risen and blew cold from the north, bringing again the touch of ice to our noses and ears and fingers. I pulled my tunic tight at my shoulders and lay close against my saddle. Minkaff lay close by my back and Gase lay close against Minkaff's back. The smell of my comrades, so close upon my body, was not sweet, nay, but mayhap as are unwashed feet. But the cold was such that I did not care.
And so the night passed until at last we awoke to the early light, our eyes red and sore, as if rubbed with dust, our bodies aching and cold, our ears filled with the calls of the boatmen, the shouts of the Q'in and the snorts of the horses. Many boats were already cast from the shore and floated far downstream. We set forth on our second day upon the mighty Yellow River with empty bellies. Isesi, ever hungry, whined again to Minkaff such that Gase stepped forward and struck Isesi upon the head and spoke harshly. But how many more days until we came upon Deng Feng? Our journey was without end, and each night colder than the one before.
Omar spoke with Zhao Cheung who said that two, mayhap three nights more must we sail upon the mighty river until we came unto the village of Baihezhen. Zhao Cheung said that on our journey we must pass through many gorges, bound by rock walls that stretched high above and so steep that no man might scale. If the Gods were kind it may be that we would come unto Baihezhen and there take leave of the boats and journey south, mayhap but a handful of days, past the Temple of the White Horse, until we reached the village of Pengpozhen on the plains close by the foothills of the mountains of Songshan. At last, at Pengpozhen we would turn our horses yet again to the east, a ride of not one day and Deng Feng would lie before us, rising from the plains of Baijang upon the slopes of Songshan, a city of wealth and beauty, of great pavilions hung with finest cloth, of gardens filled with fountains and birds of paradise and waters filled with fish of gold. Deng Feng. Zhao Cheung said that it was so named The City of Gold. The city of the Great Khan.

* * *

But the second day of our journey on the Yellow River was to take us deep into the mountains, its path now not that of the wide river valley and shallow muddy waters but through gorges that rose high to each side, their slopes steep and rocky and cut with winding paths that rose high above the waters, so narrow that only one man, or one donkey, could pass, so narrow that a single step might plunge a man a thousand cubits into the waters of the river. The paths were cut deep into the rocky walls but many times also hung above the waters, the path hewn from the trunks of great trees, bound with hempen ropes and nails of bronze. On these paths we saw many men and horses and even carts, filled with baskets of goods or high with dried grasses and grains. But the path was narrow and I wondered should two carts come one upon the other and so as to pass by each the other. I asked this of Zhao Cheung but never did I come to know how this could be.
Our journey continued and as the river narrowed so did the waters rise and now moved swiftly such that our boats raced beside the rocky walls, the boatmen clinging with all strength unto the tiller and shouting unto the other boats. If but one boat was to run aground, for there were many shoals, or to strike upon the rocky walls of the gorges, then surely it must be lost. And even as the sun rose high above so the gorges were dark with shadow, the waters below swirling and filled with bad omen. I touched the amulet at my throat and stood close by the side of Kharim, his saddle firm upon his back, my hand firm upon his reins. I knew that I must stay close unto Kharim should ill fortune take our boat and cast us into the river. I knew not if the river might take me but that Kharim was of great strength and that my fate was riven unto his.
Yet again it was that my prayers were not answered, but that the Gods chose again to sport with our caravan and with our lives. Indeed, the waters of the Yellow River ran swiftly through the gorges of the mountains of Shaoshan and we wished nothing more than that our caravan should pass safely through the mountains and unto the green flat lands of Baihezhen. But it is, as always it is, but a matter of small moment that will change the fates of men, and it was that the single stroke of a boatmen did bring undone our journey. For, as our boats rushed by the rocky walls of the three gorges on the third day of our journey, the day still young, so it was that a boatmen but two boats to our fore, struck his oar upon the rocks such that it shattered and cast him into the rushing waters. And as his oar was shattered so did his boat turn for there was none now to guide it. It struck upon the rocky wall and rolled upon one side such that the river waters rushed above its decks. The horses and men upon the boat screamed but their voices were silenced in a moment as the boat turned its belly to the skies.
The men upon the boats to the fore and to the rear cried out and sought to bring their boats close by the one that had met ill fortune. But the rush of the waters was too great and even then, as men and horses tumbled in the brown waters, still the Gods were not content. No. Still they cast our lives unto the winds for the boat that followed then struck upon the one that was stricken such that it also turned and crashed upon the rocky shore. The screams of men and horses again filled the air as the second boat was cast into the waters, a churning broth of rushing browns and yellows, of tangled leathers and screaming horses, of shouting men and the crashing of timbers. Our boat followed and bore down upon the tangle of boats and men and horses and for long moments I feared that we also would be so cast us into the raging waters.
But our boatmen, and those also of the boats that followed, were sure of hand and of great skill and guided our boats close against the rocky walls such that we passed safely unto the other side and did not become entangled. The waters rushed on and in but a few moments we came again unto calm waters, where the river was widened and a muddy shore and shallow waters lay to all sides. Behind us floated the two boats that had become entangled in the gorges, their decks beneath with the swirling yellow waters of the river, their keels unto the sun. The river was spotted with many goods, with oars and dried grasses, with swimming men and horses. Of the horses I saw that many did not struggle but floated unmoving upon the waters, only a saddle or bobbing flank to be seen. These I knew had been taken by the river. But many also had come unto the shore and struggled in the muddy shallows, men hauling upon the leathers and dragging horses and goods from the river. I saw that three, mayhap four men were laid upon the shore, each beside the other, unmoving. I heard Naguib's shout, and felt our boat turn to the shore. I touched my amulet and prayed that they had not perished.
Three boats followed upon our boat and came unto the shore and upon each we loaded a half score of men and horses, such that all on the decks stood close by each the other. Nowhere could a man step and not come against another man or horse. But Zhao Cheung said we should stand fast for our journey was near to its end and we should come soon unto Baihezhen. Zhao Cheung said also that Bo Mingyu would know great anger, for three warriors had been lost, and five horses and many goods. I looked to Omar and asked of the boatman. Could it be that Bo Mingyu would take another hand? Omar shook his head, his face dark. The boatman also had been taken by the river.
Zhao Cheung had spoken truly and not a half day was gone and the sun yet at the mid point of the day when all boats were pulled unto the shores of the river to the east of Baihezhen, men and horses spilling forth upon the muddy earth. The river had now become many streams, mayhap a half score, winding slowly through shoals of mud and stones and between shores of mud and rushes. On all sides we saw many birds, some of long legs, walking in the shallow waters, their long beaks stabbing the mud, some fat and brown, their breasts white and yellow, calling in the rushes and swimming upon the waters. To the south stretched green pastures filled with paddies and small streams, where men and oxen toiled and, in the distance, the slopes of low hills, not a half day's ride. And further, all but lost in the far mists, the peaks of Songshan, dusted with snow and glowing in yellow and gold. The small village of Baihezhen lay behind us, not more than a half score of mean dwellings of earthen walls and roofs of branches and thatch. Chickens and ducks walked among the dwellings and we heard also the squeals and snorts of pigs.
But we did not tarry, for it was that not a day's ride might see us enter Deng Feng. Our arms and legs were weary after so long a journey and a warm bed of softest straw called to all. Our caravan moved quickly through the low hills and onto the wide flat lands to the south, crossing yet another river valley, wide and still green with grass but with many rice paddies, filled only with mud and broken stems. To each side we saw villages, and the people of the villages, the oxen drawing small carts filled with dried grasses or sometimes barrels of bamboo, bound with thick ropes. The sun was bright upon the earth but the wind from the north spoke of winter, stealing beneath our tunics and our helmets as does the cold edge of a blade. We passed the Temple of the White Horse, nearby the village of Pinglezhen. Of course the temple was not white but of the colours of earth and gold, with many towers made of the mud of bricks, taken from the shores of the river, each tower with many roofs of red tile and, at its peak, a tall hat of stone. Zhao Cheung said unto Omar, who said unto Naguib, that the temple was filled with fine statues and many carvings of great beauty. He said also that those who attended the temple did not worship the Gods, yet all were students to a great man, and that his teachings were much revered by the Q'in.
As the night came upon us we made camp by the slopes of Songshan, south and east of the village of Pengpozhen, the mountains at our back. Zhao Cheung said that Bo Mingyu would not enter Deng Feng in the darkness, when none might see his glory, but that he would wish to enter in great celebration with many men and horses and horns and treasure so that all might see. Zhao Cheung said also that messengers had been sent on unto Deng Feng that the city be readied for Bo Mingyus return. To the west and south the sun fell behind the spires of yet more tall mountains, their peaks sharp and white with the early snows of winter. The mountains stood black against the colours of the evening, the western skies painted in soft roses and bright yellows, and purples and greens and blues, the colours ever changing while above us the night sky was black as is the deepest cave, yet cut with the white sparks of stars, as if a spray of gems in the darkness. Indeed it was a sight of beauty and wonder. From the south came a wave of dark clouds, rolling through the skies and filled with winter.
To the east, yet clear before us in the winter night, we saw the golden lights of Deng Feng, not a half day's ride. The lights glowed as the mantle of night crawled across the sky, warm spots of yellow and gold set upon the valley floor and unto the slopes of Songshan. Even now came the wind and, faint upon the breeze but sharp still unto my nose, the smells of woodsmoke and incense, of spices and broths, of horses and oxen and boiling vats and burning coal, the smells of a mighty city. As I sat beside a fire of horse dung, the smoke drifting in the night air and laced with a sweet smell of burning leaves, for Mashane had cast the leaves of the luole bush upon the embers, I felt the pulse of the citadel within my chest, as it had so been in Chongqing, that the heart of Deng Feng did beat as does the greatest drum. On the morrow its gates would open before us.
But of course I dreamed, for we were still so distant from Deng Feng that no sound might be heard. The only sounds were of the horses as they snuffled the grasses and called softly unto each other, the creak of the leathers of the saddles where men lay their heads, the laughter of the Q'in warriors who shared many barrels of mai'tai and, louder than all others, of Isesi's belly, filled with the noodles and plants of Minkaff's vats and gurgling now as does the stream as it rushes by. As always he had eaten as might two men. Naguib and Omar sat nearby, their heads close, their voices soft in the night. Their bellies made no sound.
As I supped upon Minkaff's tea, the burning dung of our firest spitting small sparks into the cold air of the night, I looked unto my comrades. They sat to all sides of our fire, each nearby the side of another, their tunics pulled tight, their blankets upon their shoulders. Many lay with their heads upon their saddles, many supped of tea and broth. Many still sat with helmets tied upon their heads, but others had freed their hair and seemed as brigands, their faces glowing gold and red in the light of the fire, their hair wild and tangled and of many colours, their beards unto their chests and also wild and tangled, their tunics stained with the grease of animals and bleached by the sun and the icy rains. I looked upon the hands of Naguib and Omar. They were as the talons of mighty hawks, the fingers strong and curled, the nails long and crusted, the hair upon their hands glowing gold in the light of the fire. They looked not as do the hands of men. But when I looked upon my own hands I saw but the same, as if the claws of an eagle, strong and merciless. And so I looked again to my comrades, unto their eyes, and I saw men worn by the hardships of a long journey, with eyes that looked into their souls with deepest of thoughts but also with the eyes of warriors, of men hardened in battle and by great trial, with wounds now healed and All but eight moons now had passed that we landed upon the shore of the Ha'ka village. a strength that could not be broken. These were men of courage and our friendship and our bonds were such as could never be shattered. I felt my heart swell within my chest for these men were indeed my brothers. And so it would always be.
My thoughts turned unto our journey. To our mighty ship, the Beast, the frozen seas of the south, the Men of Earth and Straw, the land of Gond and our fallen comrades. All now seemed so long passed that my memories were dimmed by the mists of time. I could not recall the faces of those that had fallen or been lost. Those of Nabob and Hequaib and Protokei or Partha, or even those of my friends Douwi and Passine. I felt the shame burn upon my face. In truth but little time had passed yet I had forgotten these men. Even the mighty Beast now drifted in the fog of my thoughts. Our homeland seemed far away. I made promise that I would honour the memory of my comrades each morning at the rising of the sun. I should never forget.
Small flakes now fell through the flickering light of our fires, burning with a soft hiss in the yellow flames or settling upon my face and hair and turning white my blanket and the grasses. The lights of the great city floated in the icy air, all but lost in the icy mist. Eight moons now had passed that we landed upon the shore of the Ha'ka village but at last I had come unto Deng Feng. Our journey through the land of the Q'in had been long and filled with hardship and danger. And, though I knew it not, yet great hardship and danger awaited us still in the cracked and frozen wastes upon the slopes of Zhumulangma, the mother of mountains; in the ice filled caverns beneath the mountains of the Ximalaya Shan; in the burning sands of the Gebi and the terrible gorges of the Tian Shan; and upon the endless Silk Road and the crimson seas of pestilence before we would come again unto the land of Egypt. Many tales lie still before us but now it is that I must join with my brothers Djosur and Mekhu and my friends Naguib and Nedemeb. We will eat and drink to the memory of our comrades and to the memory of my brother Khanefer.

* * *

(Here endeth the sixteenth night of words of the second chronicles of Agymah Chahine of Abydos - these words are scribed by Khuyb, Daughter of Agymah, in the City of Memphis in the fourth year of the Ox. Agymah has gone forth to visit his friend Nedemeb. He is joined by Djosur and Mekhu and Naguib. Naguib's stump is greatly withered such that he walks now with a crutch of wood. It tests him sorely but always he laughs and his spirit is strong. When at last the tale of my father's quest has been scribed I will speak again with Naguib and scribe the many tales of the Vigiles.)

