The Last Light
Haley Phillips

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 by Haley Phillips

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Epilogue
About the Author
Prologue
I leapt at him, my hands almost closing around his throat. I felt arms wrap around my waist and yank me back. Someone was screaming, maybe me, and I felt myself begin to slide back under.
“Leigha, not yet. I promise you can, just not yet,” I heard Claire say, but my rage blocked out the meaning of her words.
“He deserves to die!” I shrieked, some of my strength returning, but still all I could do was glare at the evil, smirking man.
“I know, but not now! When you’re stronger Leigha, but not yet,” Claire said.
“He deserves to die now!” I shrieked, pushing forward and feeling a surge of pain near my rib cage. I put my hand against it to find I was bleeding..
“Leigha, please!” Claire screamed.
Then, I was falling, falling so fast and so far I thought I should have already hit something, but also feeling that I would never land. I could still hear them talking, but their voices were getting harder and harder to hear. They all kept saying my name, but I just wanted to sleep. Why couldn’t they let me sleep? I blocked out the noise and wrapped myself in the warmth of a distant light, pulling myself towards it.
I’ve never felt so much peace, I thought, it’s almost as if I’m dying.
Chapter One
Have you ever faced death so definite, you were sure there was no chance you could survive? Or been absolutely terrified, not just for yourself, but for your family? Or so worn down that you thought you wouldn’t last, but something kept pushing, kept you holding on, kept you alive?
My family and I have faced it. We live in a world of constant battle that always has an ending goal of “peace.” This “peace” is for people who like destroying all the good in the world. It’s a backwards peace, a peace for people who revel in war.
Now, I’ve forgotten one very important puzzle piece: the thing that creates real peace. Creatures of the Light, I’m one, my whole family is. Specifically, we’re fairies. Of course when people hear “fairies” they think “Fairies, how cute. Just like in a little girl’s fantasy.” Forget everything you thought about fairies. We’re more similar to the Fair Folk from A Midsummer Night’s Dream than the common storybook misconception. We’re not tiny and cute and plastered all throughout story books. We’re just like humans except taller, thinner, and much stronger. We’re very little like our story book wannabe’s. Most of us are trained warriors and could take down an army single handedly, though we wouldn’t unless it was absolutely necessary. If you don’t despise us and are on our side, Creatures of the Light are important.
Now that you have some history I can get to the rest of  my story.
My family and I lived far from people. In our version of the world Creatures of the Light are wanted. Five of us lived together in the house. Only two of us were actually related, but the way fairies tend to band together in groups we call families. The youngest of us is Alex, whose set age, which is the age a Light creature grows to and then stays at in immortality, is twelve. but she’s really closer to 200, then there’s Marie who ‘s set age is fifteen. Cece and Claire, my sister, both have set ages of eighteen. Lastly, there’s me, Leigha, and my set age is twenty. 
That’s the whole family and, like our story book fakes, we fly. Flying got my family into a serious problem, though. All fairies are born with a love for flying; almost a need. However, it’s a dead giveaway to who we are and an easy way to get arrested.
A few months before everything changed, my whole family was swinging on the tree swings in our yard. We deemed it safe to fly were all still continuously checking for any danger before we took off. The area appeared clear, so we began to fly. I was the last to make the leap.
I pushed off my swing, my wings catching the air under me and pushing me up. I laughed as my waist length golden hair caught in the wind, flying in my face. Even with the hair in my eyes I was able to see a shadow moving through the trees, a shadow much too big to be a squirrel and much too clumsy to be a deer.
Chapter Two
“Let us in! We have the house surrounded!” Shouted an angry voice.
A few months of freedom had given me a false sense of security about being caught. The Dark Siders, the Creatures of the Light’s evil counterparts, were here now, though. It suddenly dawned on me through the bursts of knocks why we hadn’t been arrested sooner. They’d been too busy catching other Light creatures. This wasn’t good at all.
Alex ran up to me with a hopeful look, “We can fly out, right?”
“I’m sorry, sweetie. They have ‘bots that can fly now. There’s no way out of this one.”
I had already decided the ones chasing us were the police robots, or, as we called them, cop ‘bots. The monotone, electronic voice was unmistakable. They had started using robots immediately when they found out how quickly we could defeat humans. We had a very slim chance of escaping them. Opening the door was the only choice we had.
“Cece!” I called, “Open the door!”
“Bu-,” she said.
“Just do it.”
I heard the door open and shame washed through me. I had failed every order I’d been given. My mother had told me to keep them safe no matter what, but now we were caught. Once we opened the door we would be captured, whether they had proof or not. The cop ‘bots would know it by the way we looked and if we used magic to cover our appearances their sensors would detect it.
I took a deep breath. This is it, I thought and I walked to the door.
The sea of ‘bots parted when I arrived at the door next to Cece. Being the good,obedient girls I’d raised the others were hidden. A man stood at the end of the aisle the ‘bots had made. I smiled to myself, we could take this idiot.
“I am the First Obliviator, fairies,” he announced in a deep growl of a voice that revealed him to be anything but human.
It sent my mind reeling. There were two types of magical entities, the good (the Creatures of the Light) and the bad (the Dark Siders). I am a Creature of the Light, one of the pure, good creatures being captured. The Dark Siders were taking over the humans’ home: Earth. They poisoned it with their evil and captured the things that stood for good. Some of the Light were kept for information, but if they found us useless we were killed or tortured. The thing that had sent my mind reeling was that right in front of me stood the most powerful of all the Dark Siders.
“Hello,” I said, snidely, “Selling Girl Scout cookies? Sorry, we’ll have to pass.”
“Stupid fairy,” he said, laughing. “Why would I, the most powerful of the Darks, sell Girl Scout cookies?””
“The most powerful, hmm? What have we done to deserve the honor of you arresting us?”
“It’s me who’s earned the honor, the honor of capturing the last of the Light,” he said, striding towards Cece and I as he pulled off his gloves.
I wanted to kill him for saying that, but it would get me killed. At the same time, my mind was reeling. There was no way the five of us were all that was left.
“You can’t get rid of us. You don’t know how,” I growled, stepping off the front stoop towards him.
The Obliviator circled me, hands clasped behind his back. “Oh, precious girl, I can. You just have to tell me where the queen’s shrine is.”
“How should I know?” I spat.
He raised his hand, bringing it down across my face. “Don’t play games with me, girl. I know all of the Light creatures know where it is!”
I almost laughed, but my face was stinging and there was blood pooling in my mouth. Whoever he was getting information from was wrong. Only one of the Light could find the shrine without having been there before. Of course, I’d been there, but he didn’t need to know that.
I spat the blood in my mouth onto his pristine shoes before saying, “Why should I tell you?”
“Give me a minute,” he said, turning, “Do they have them yet?”
A moment later more cop ‘bots swarmed out of the house from behind me, holding Alex, Marie, and Claire.
“That didn’t work,” I muttered.
“I’ll show you how we’ll make you talk,” he said, as he walked down the line of my family, examining each girl. “Her,” he decided, pointing at Alex before turning back to his car.
The ‘bots grabbed Cece and I and held us, as well as Marie and Claire, so we were forced to see what they were doing to alex. A ‘bot lifted her up and another grabbed her arm in both hands. I winced, bracing myself, and he pulled her arm sharply, sending a sickening crack echoing through the air.
I sucked in sharply as I watched Alex’ sbrave face. Her lip quivered, but she didn’t scream or cry. They were going to torture my family if I didn’t five them what they wanted. If I did tell them, we’d all die anyway.
The ‘bots carried us to a truck and threw us roughly into the back. Alex winced as she landed on her broken arm and I knew I had to find a way out as soon as I could. I just needed to form a plan.
Before any plans could be made or even a word said, a sickly, sweet smoke filled my mouth and nose. I passed out almost instantly.
Chapter Three
I woke up in a cold, damp cell. Despite the dim lighting, I could still see fairly well. Claire’s worried face hung over mine, her concerned eyes relaxing as I opened mine.
“You’re the last to wake,” she whispered, “We were getting worried.”
“I’ve always beenone for sleep,” I replied.
“Leigha?” someone whispered.
“I’m right here and we’re all safe,” I said as I pushed myself up.
“What about Alex?” Cece asked, cradling a tired Alex in her arms.
“Claire can work on her arm later, but first, we need to ma-“
The opening of our cell door cut me off. 
“Come,” the gruff, deep voice of a guard said, pointing a finger at me.
As soon as I stood and got closer to him it became obvious he was human and that the Darks weren’t treating him well. That piece of information had the potential to be useful, but that wasn’t what caught my attention. If he was human that meant it was very unlikely there were robots. Using a human to escort a fairy wasn’t the smartest idea and any dark and most humans that worked for them knew better. Whoever was in charge must have had something bigger to keep in the prisoners.
The guard brought me to an office guarded by two more human guards who stepped aside to let us in.
“Hello,” said a man with an accent that was undeniably human.
There were so many humans. It was extremely unusual and if the cause didn’t have to do with something bigger to keep prisoners in, it meant there weren’t enough ‘bots to go around. Either they had more Light creatures captured than ‘bots or there were still enough free Lights that the ‘bots were busy tracking them down.
“You are Leigha, yes?” the man asked, breaking off  my thoughts.
“Last time I checked. Unless I’ve somehow turned into the cookie monster since I last looked in the mirror.”
I was going to be a perfectly frustrating subject and he was already irritated with me.
He ignored what I said and moved on. "We have a fairy expert who will question you. You will answer honestly and answer or we will force you. He knows how to tell your lies apart from the truth. Your fairy tricks won't work on him, so I wouldn't even try." Someone knocked on the door. "Ah, luckily, he's here, so I won't have the pleasure of spending anymore time with you."
I smiled falsely and said, "Good job! That's called sarcasm!"
The door opened and the man's "fairy expert" walked in. Something in the hall felt off, I felt it when the door opened and the feeling stayed even after the door closed behind the first man as he left. The feeling tingled against my skin and made me uncomfortable. I examined the new stranger closely, wondering if he'd brought this feeling in.
He wasn't human. It'd taken a moment for me to realize it, but he was a fairy. His appearance would easily trick a human; it had managed to fool me. I sighed to myself, even the good magic went to the dark side sometimes.
"Hi, uh, Leigha."
Very smooth.
"Hello, traitor," I said raising my eyebrows and crossing my arms, daring him to protest.
"Actually, it's Luke," he said, also crossing his arms. Then, he laughed. He laughed at me and said, "I'm not going to hurt you."
"You do realize you're saying this as you work for the Darks?"
An uneasy look crossed his face, but it passed quickly. "I can help you."
"Oh, sure. How am I supposed to know you're even a real fairy?" I asked even though I could already tell he wasn't faking anything. I just wanted to know how far I could push him.
"I'll show you," he replied and he spread his wings.
His blue-tinted translucent wings unfolded smoothly. His wingspan was huge, probably the biggest I'd ever seen, but his wings were beautiful. A tiny piece of me shifted towards trusting him and that piece had the potential to grow much larger if I knew his Light name.
"I'll explain, but I can't have them hearing me."
"I'm not coming any closer."
He folded his wings back in and shrugged. "Then you may never know."
I sighed and shifted slightly closer to him.
That caused him to laugh. "Is that supposed to be closer?"
I huffed, then walked all the way over to him.
"I'm a spy, of my own making," he said quietly. "Humans raised me because my mother found me, beaten and abandoned because of what I was, when I was ten. It didn't take her long to figure out that I’m a fairy, but my father wasn't around much when I was young so it wasn't hard for her to hide it until I could do it myself. She sympathized with us, one of the few humans who did, and my father killed her for it, but he still doesn't know what I am. He just thinks I'm smart."
"How'd he find out?" I asked softly.
"What?"
"Your father, how'd he find out your mother was a sympathizer?"
"She got caught, warning a group of fairies that they were about to be ambushed."
I remembered that day clearly. My family had been trying to make it back to our house after escaping prison for a third time. We knew there would be hunting parties out for us, but we were willing to take the chance. Suddenly, a woman had come to us and warned us that there were 'bots just around the corner waiting to ambush us. We'd thanked her and run the other direction, but we weren't too far to hear her screaming. I'd wanted to go back to save her, but Cece held me back. The woman would've already been gone.
"I'm sorry," I told him. 
“My job as a spy here is to take all the information they want and twist it, but only so much. I can’t change it to much or they would notice the difference from other sources.  I also get all the information I can and send it away. No one here has figured it out and it seems to work. I’ll keep doing it as long as I can.”
“What’s your set age?” I asked. 
“Twenty-one.”
I stood contemplating him for a moment. Trying to decide how much of his story I believed and whether I trusted him. The story changed things, if he was telling the truth. So, I did something I avoided most of the time: I read his mind.
All fairies have different powers mind reading, or really anything to do with the mind, was mine, so I opened up my mind to hear his thoughts.
Why won’t she trust me? Was the first thing I heard, then, I’m telling the truth. I wouldn’t lie to another fairy like that, although a Dark fairy would. I’m pretty obviously not one, so why won’t she trust me?
Luke was frustrated and part of me was enjoying watching him squirm. The most important thing was that he wasn’t lying and my faith in him went up slightly. Another, darker part of me still was untrusting enugh to wonder what his Light name was and that part took control of my mouth.
“Tell me your Light name,” I blurted out and realizing what I had done I said, “so I have more reason to trust you.”
I saw Luke’s hesitation. It was a big deal to give up a Light name. It would show me all the magic he’d done, his feelings, and the whole of who he was. Giving up a Light name was giving up your identity, giving someone else the power to control you, and trusting the person you gave it to wouldn’t turn and tell someone else.
He sighed wearily, “I’ll consider it…if you show me your wings.”
“No!” I said immediately.
“Fine,” he said, raising one shoulder in a shrug. “I won’t tell you my name, then,”
Could I do it? Show some stranger my wings, a stranger I barely trusted? I didn’t like showing my wings to people; it was a much more intimate act to me than it was to most people. “Fine,” I finally grumbled and stepped back, so I’d have room to spread my wings. I thought to Claire, You’re going to kill me. Yes, I can send thoughts too, but I do it less than I read minds, except with my family.
My wings unfolded behind me. I stared at my feet as Luke took in the sight of my wings. As fairy wings go I’ve been told mine are extremely beautiful, but they’re also…different. The pale blue swirling patterns that matched the edges of my wings were what made mine different. No one else had  patterns that even slightly resembled them on their wings. After leaving them unfolded for much too long, I snapped my wings back in.
“Wow,” Luke murmured, mesmerized.
“You have to tell me now,” I snapped uneasily.
“No,” he said. “As I recall, I said I’d consider it, so now I’m in consideration.
The door opened before I could pretest and in came a guard.
“Time to go,” Luke said, smirking.
The guard took me back to my family’s cell and shoved me inside. Hard. The Light couldn’t be this hated, could we?
Chapter Four
As soon as I hit the floor of our cell and the door had swung shut, I was surrounded by faces and questions like “What happened?” and “Are you all right?” They flooded out of my family’s mouths so fast I could hardly understand them.
“Guys!” still more questions, “Guys! If you shut up I’ll start explaining.”
Their mouths clamped shut immediately.
I quietly explained to them everything that had happened. I got lots of gasps when I told them I’d shown Luke my wings.
So that’s why you said that. I thought it would be worse, Claire thought. That’s the other thing. If someone thinks a thought that has my name in it or is directly about me and only me, I hear it.
“I’m pretty sure I’ll get sent back,” I said, with a sigh. “Actually, Luke almost guaranteed it. I just hope they don’t take any of you. I know they want information and lots of it and they should only need one of us for that. I really hope Luke isn’t a fraud because, right now, he’s our only chance of escape. He knows and his way around and has access to keys.”
“Leigha,” Alex looked at me with her big brown eyes. “Promise me you won’t tell him your Light name, at least until we leave.”
“I promise,” I said, pulling her into my arms in an attempt to warm her.
“I know this is unusual, since we don’t really need it, but we should probably get sleep. We have a lot of time on our hands and it seems like a good idea to catch up on our rest. Especially you, Leigha,” Cece said.
“Sleep’s a good idea,” I said. For you guys, I thought. I needed to work on a plan.
“You’ll sleep, too, Leigha. I know what you’re thinking and we’ll work on a plan tomorrow.”
I sighed, “Whatever.”
This is going to be hard, I thought, to get everyone out. We need Luke; we have to have him on our side. He’s our only escape right now.
~~~~~
I woke to a guard’s voice, the same one from the day before, saying, “Come on.”
The toe of his boot nudged my back to wake me up. I hobbled to my feet, slightly stiff. Stone floors were definitely not good for your back. Or any other part of your body for that matter.
I followed the guard down the same path we’d taken before. However, went past the office I was in the day before and went to a smaller office with a window. Luke walked in behind me and noticed that I was looking at the window.
“Don’t bother. It’s no use, alarms will go off, you’ll be electrocuted, the works,” he told me.
“Well, that sounds exciting. Maybe I should test the system,” I said, wondering if I could make it before the guards caught me. But it would put my family in danger, and leave them in prison without me.
“How are you?” He asked me slightly sarcastically.
That was possibly the worst question I’d ever been asked. I snapped my head up and looked him in the eye, “Well, you know, other than sleeping on a stone floor and not eating anything, I’m just peachy.”
“I’m sorry,” he snapped back, “but there’s nothing I can do about that. I’m just in training.”
“Oh, you can be trained to be turned into a cop ‘bot,” I gushed, “I thought it’d be kinda difficult to turn someone into a robot, but I guess they are just that mighty and powerful.”
Luke crossed his arms and sat down, “Of course, becoming a cop ‘bot has always been my biggest dream. No, actually, I’m training to be a guard and, after that, an administrator, like my ‘dad’.”
“Like a principal? Oh, that’s great. You can make sure all the guards are teaching the prisoners well.”
“Gosh, you’re hard to talk to,” he replied, smiling brightly.
“Of course! I just have to make it hard on you. You are the one working for the Dark Siders, you know? Anyways, Light name. I think you kind of owe me one.”
“Don’t you already have one?”
“Yours, Luke, not mine,” I said, scowling.
“Actually, I think we’re even. I’ve shown you mine, you’ve shown me yours.” He winked. “If I tell you my name, it’ll only be fair for you to tell me yours. I’m all about an even playing field.”
“How about…no? I vote that you tell me because you’re not a prisoner, so you’re not really in danger of having your name used against you.”
“And you’re so sweet and nice you wouldn’t try something, right?”
He was right, of course. Most of the Light, with his name, would wield it as a tool to get out, but I didn’t need his Light name for the kind of control he was thinking of. I had the power to control him on my own. However, I did need his name to be certain he was who he claimed to be.
“Look, I don’t need your name to use it against you. I need it to prove who you are. If you want me to trust you-“
“How about,” Luke said, interrupting me. “I make you a deal? If you promise to tell me your name as soon as I get you out of here, I’ll tell you mine now.”
“Deal,” I lied, like I’d ever give him my name.
“Alucasem,” he said without hesitation.
He had a real fairy name, but he wasn’t anyone special. His plain, short name told me that. No one could make up a Light name, though, so he wasn’t lying to me. Luke had no traces of magic on him, so this was his real appearance, which surprised me. He must’ve looked so human from being around the Dark Siders.
“So you said you’re getting us out of here,” I finally said. “When?”
“You’ll have to wait at least a week.”
I sighed, “We can’t just leave tonight or something?”
“This is a high security jail most of the time,” he said, but he was about to rattle on and on about how it might be hard to get out.
“Yeah, I get it. Totally high security.”
“We have this thing we call Free Guard Night once every couple of months. One guard in training stays here with five others for the twelve hour night shift: seven PM to seven AM. The next one is next week and it’s my night, so there will be only five other guards to avoid and twelve hours to escape.”
“Since I’m actually thinking about this, shouldn’t we wait until eight and get everyone out by nine. Then, we’ll have time and reassurance that they’re far enough away not to see us escaping.”
“Wait, everyone? As in you plan on taking everyone here?”
“What can I say? I like to help people.”
“It’ll take a while,” he warned.
“No, I thought it would take ten seconds to have everyone out and ready to leave. Of course it’s gonna take a while!”
“It’ll probably take over the hour you have planned,” Luke said, rolling his eyes. “Do you think you can make up a real, plausible plan?
“I was raised for this, trust me, this is a piece of cake. All I need is a map, a list of all the security devices used here, and, eventually, keys.”
“I’ll do my best.”
“Do better.”
A guard came in soon after I said that. He roughly grabbed me. I half walked and was half dragged back to our cell. After he shoved me inside I landed on top of Cece.
“Do you mind?” she said.
“Sorry. I have a plan to get us out, though!” I said.
Everyone was instantly filled with excitement about my plan. It took me a minute to quiet them, but, once they were, I began the story. I told them everything, giving a very detailed explanation of how we would escape. We decided to only tell Luke his role and nothing else. Even though he’d proven his trustworthiness we still had to be careful about revealing too much.
“Soon, I’ll have a list of security devices for you, Cece. I’ll also have a map and keys. The other thing I’ll work on is how many people are here.”
“I guess the only thing we have left to do is sleep,” Alex said.
“Yep,” answered Marie.
My family and I curled up together in a sad attempt to stay warm. We all managed to fall asleep, but we did so hungry, cold, and very uncomfortable.
Chapter Five
What I was pretty sure of the next day was that I wasn’t taken to see Luke at the same time as I had been before. At least, that was what I thought, but with no clock or other way to tell time I couldn’t be sure. Two things immediately ran through my head when I decided they weren’t coming. One:  Luke had turned on us or two: we had been caught. I’d have to wait and see.
“Leigha, why didn’t they pick you up today? Do you think we’ve been caught already?” Marie whispered.
So I wasn’t the only one worried. From the nervous movements and thoughts I could tell that everyone was at least curious.
“No, sweetie, he probably got the day off or something,” I replied quickly, so it didn’t seem like I had to think too hard about an excuse for him.
But I thought, Yeah, he probably just has the day off, in an attempt to convince myself.
You should tell them the truth, Claire thought. Cece, Claire and I had these conversations a lot, you know, in my head.
Cece was looking at me expectantly, so she obviously knew what Claire had said. I thought to both of them, I can’t scare them. While we’re here we need to be strong, stronger than we’ve been for a while. One little thing could upset the balance of that. Plus, it could be ture, he could just have the day off.
Claire sighed and turned to see Alex. Alex crawled over and held out her hurt arm. Claire’d been working on it because that was her special power, healing. She could feel the seriousness of injuries and sicknesses and help to heal them. She could also tell if you had an excellerated healing rate or if you had a power like hers.
“I hope he’s okay,” Alex said to me leaning over Claire’s shoulder.
“I’m sure we all do, he’s our escape,” I said with a sigh.
“Do you think we’ll get food soon or ever?” Cece asked, having finally sat up. She had been laying down the whole time and I hadn’t noticed. Her straight fiery red hair was tousled around her face and her green eyes looked groggy.
“Maybe, I don’t know if they’ll ever feed us. It won’t matter all that much except for extra strength,” I said, pushing back a misplaced curl.
Fairies can go a very long time without food or water. The longest without food is two months and water is one. We still feel hunger and thirst, but less than humans. Our energy fades eventually, but it can keep us flying, running, or whatever else for days on end if we needed to. It was just one of those things we didn’t do very often.
“Someone’s coming!” Marie whispered urgently. She always heard things first because one of her powers was more advanced hearing than us. However, all of us heard sounds before a human would.
Then, I heard it, too. Someone was trudging up the hall towards us and from the smells I caught, he had food. We all went onto high alert, but everyone was hopeful. There was the sound of scraping metal as the tray of food was slid through a hidden latch. Three loaves of stale bread and a full pitcher of warm water sat on the large tray. I split the bread up between us, giving Alex and Marie the most; they each had their own loaves. The last loaf was split between Claire, Cece, and I. I got the smallest piece, so there would be more for my family.
Everyone attacked their bread. Before Alex and Marie did, though, they saved one of theirs and split the other. I distributed half the water and saved the rest. We might need extra food later. Then, a little while after we ate, we fell asleep again.
I was startled awake by the sound of our cell door creaking open. I didn’t know what day it was, but I knew I needed to be alert. A guard had opened the door and motioned for me to come.
I stood silently and quickly, so I wouldn’t disturb the others. He grabbed me as soon as I was standing and brought me to the smaller office. The man I met the first day sat there, looking quite smug. My body tensed and my hands clenched, prepared to fight.
“Ah, Leigha,” he said. He was prepared to get what he wanted and to torture me to get it. The look on his face and the way he said my name told me that and I hadn’t even read his mind.
“Yeah, that’s me. How may I help you?” I said in a bored tone despite my tenseness.
“Oh, I’m just going to talk to you for a minute. Then, Luke has a surprise for you,” A tight, evil smile took over the man’s face.
I didn’t sigh with relief for Luke even in my mind because something told me we were caught. If he had a surprise…was he going to try to kill me? Or torture me to death? Or get all the information out of me while torturing me? I had no idea, but I didn’t want to stick around to find out.
“Fine,” I spat the word at him.
“I’ll give you one chance at this. Where is the fairy shrine?”
I crossed my arms, “Why should I tell you?”
“Because you don’t know what will happen if you don’t.”
That was true, but that wasn’t stopping me, “I can’t tell something I don’t know.”
“Too bad.”
As if on cue Luke walked in, “I’ll take care of her,” Alex was cradled gently in his arms.
“Good,” the man said, face twisted with evil smugness as he left.
Seeing Luke with Alex made me really look at him, sizing him up. I’d never paid attention to how he looked before, other than to notice he looked like a fairy. With my Alex in his arms I had to look at him carefully.
Luke had shaggy so-black-it-was-blue hair and light blue eyes near the color of mine. He had a tan that made his eyes shine perfectly against his skin. He was tall, taller than me and I stood at five foot eleven. Luke must’ve been at least six foot four. His arms were muscled, cradling Alex in his arms. You could also see the muscles that stood out in his neck. His face was angular and his shaggy hair hung around it perfectly. He seemed to look more like a fairy now than he had the first day, but maybe I just hadn’t been paying close enough attention.
Luke set Alex down as I was noticing this and she ran to me. She stood so she was almost behind me, but could still see Luke. He opened his mouth to speak and I stopped him.
“Don’t give me apologies or excuses or anything like that. I just want to know everything, now. Don’t start explaining how it’s not your fault. You should make it quick, too,” I said through barred teeth. My voice was cold, hard, angry, and full of steel just like the look on my face.
“They want me to torture her until you break,” he whispered, sounding out of breath.
I shoved Alex completely behind me, “If you so much as lay-“
He closed his eyes tightly, looking frustrated. “Don’t worry. We’ll just fake bruises and blood. They won’t guess, but you’ll actually have to work with me. She’ll have to pretend to be in pain by gasping and crying out, they’ll be listening. You’ll have to get mad and say you won’t or can’t tell and to stop hurting her. I’ll just say no matter what you wouldn’t spill anything,” Luke said.
Alex sighed and said, “Okay,” agreeing without me. I crossed my arms and stared out the window, wondering if I could get the two of us out.. I didn’t like this one bit, but I couldn’t leave without everyone else.
Luke gave Alex fake bruises and some blood. I cried out in anger and told him to stop. I told him that no matter what I wouldn’t give in. All the while Alex whimpered and cried and begged me to tell. I said no loudly and continuously and every time I did Alex screamed and cried harder. It all went something like that and, eventually, Luke sent for the guard to take us back.
“She won’t break,” Luke said, “There’s no way to beat this girl anymore,” he gestured to Alex.
I gingerly picked her up pretending she was hurt. Despite the fact that I couldn’t get away  the guard still gripped my arm tightly.
Chapter Six
When Luke first saw her he noticed one thing immediately: the prison hadn’t had the effect on her like it did the others. She still held onto hope and she had a look that warned you not to mess with her. The other thing was the complete effects of her Light beauty hadn’t faded at all as most Lights’ beauty did around Dark Siders. The girl was so beautiful he thought she could’ve been as beautiful as the Queen of the Light.
Her name was Leigha, they told him. She had beautiful gold hair. It looked like it hadn’t been able to decide whether to be brown or blonde, so it was a golden mixture instead. That mixture of gold hung down her back in ringlets that reached her waist. She fidgeted with it a lot, braiding and unbraiding it, but she had nothing to tie it off. Her skin made her hair and eyes stand out. It was a tan color, but her hair or maybe her eyes made it fit her perfectly. Those startling bright blue eyes sparkled when she looked at him. He was sure if he looked closer there would be silver flecks in themm. Leigha was tall, too. He stood at about six foot five and she must’ve been around six foot. 
Another thing was that her clothes weren’t grimy, yet. That wasn’t that big of a deal, it was just that, even being here this long, most would’ve gotten some of the dirt from the floor on them. She hadn’t, though; it was as if she couldn’t be affected at all.
Overall, she was stunning for a fairy, especially once he saw her wings.
She had a big wingspan, about fourteen or fifteen feet. She had translucent silver wings that were edged with the same startling blue as her eyes. Unlike most wings, patterns spread from the edges and they appeared to move and change, swirling all across her wings. It completed her look.
After that first encounter when he saw Leigha she didn’t seem to change at all. She still had the fierce look that said she was prepared to fight. She wouldn’t let go easily. Leigha was his only hope.
Chapter Seven
Once I’d set Alex down after we were back in our cell I was bombarded again. Everyone was instantly worried by Alex’s looks. I explained what happened as quickly and quietly as I could in case there were guards outside our cell.
I finished with, “I’ll have to give Luke his instructions tomorrow, I guess. He was able to slip me these, though,” I pulled out the security list and the map, “Here you go, Cece and I thought Alex should look at the map.”
“Oh, thanks,” Cece said with a smile. She loved to mess w electronics. Cece was a bit of a genius with computers and any other electronics.
Alex silently took the map and began tracing things with her good arm. Claire stopped paying attention to us and ran her fingers over Alex’s hurt arm, assessing how she was healing.
“When are you getting keys?” Marie practically whined, wanting something to do.
“I’m sorry sweetie. We can’t get the keys ‘til the day of. The guard who takes me up to the office gets off as soon as he’s done with me. I’ll take his keys and no one will be able to notice until the next day, when we’re long gone.”
When Claire was done treating Alex for the day, Marie and I curled up with her on the floor. Cece and Alex would join us later. For some reason, though, as I lay there trying to sleep I kept thinking of Luke. There was also an old poem that seemed important, like a prophecy, that involved him. It kept drifting in and out of my mind, but when I tried to grab hold of it, it slipped through my fingers. I had to remember it. Something in me really wanted, no, needed me to remember.
~~~~~
I was woken by the sound of metal scraping metal as another, bigger tray of food was slid into the cell. It was a good thing, too, because as I had explained to my family what happened to Alex we’d eaten the last of our food and drank the last of our water. This time we got five loaves, one for each of us, and two jugs of water. They were warming up to us! I wished. But more likely, they’d decided to take another direction: bribery.
I knew we weren’t going to need very much food, so, just in case, I split only one loaf into five pieces. The other four I left on the tray with one pitcher of water. I took the other pitcher and decided we would split a quarter of it. Right after I had hidden the rest of the loaves and the other pitcher of water in a dark corner, my family woke up, one by one.
Claire woke up first. She sat up slowly, bracing herself one the ground and then rubbing her back. “Breakfast?” she asked groggily.
Before I could answer Alex sat up suddenly, using her good arm to push her up
“Yes,” I said, “just wait for everyone else to get up.”
After Alex, Marie woke up. She didn’t sit up instantly like Alex or wait like Claire. She opened her eyes and stared at the ceiling.
“We’re having breakfast when Cece wakes up I suppose,” she said.
“Yes, Marie. She always wakes up last,” Alex said, smiling.
Cece propped herself up on her elbows, not bothering to push back her hair as it fell in her eyes. She smiled, looking exhausted, as always. If she could sleep all the time she probably would.
“I hear you were waiting for me to wake up. Well, I’m up. Can we eat?” she asked.
“Yup,” I said. I passed out the bread, giving the oldest smaller amounts, “Try to make sure you drink only a little of the water, so that we’ll end up with three quarters left.”
Everyone murmured their, “Okay’s” as they ate. I passed around the pitcher of water, so we could all drink our share.
A few minutes after I was done eating Luke walked in. None of the others except for Alex knew it was Luke, but we didn’t make any move to tell them. I made a “What’s going on face” at him and got up.
Once he’d closed the cell door he answered my unspoken question, “I don’t know,” he shrugged, “I think they have some new prisoners their struggling with. They want to kill them, but they can’t catch them or keep them under any control whatsoever. They have pixies, and fairies are the specialty here. They told me just to get you myself.”
First of all, it wouldn’t matter if they were fairies or pixies or any other Creature of the Light. We can’t be killed by humans. Only cop ‘bots and Darks know the method for killing us and even cop ‘bots struggle with it. It takes difficulties that mortals can’t deal with because they don’t have magic. Humans are also way too fragile.
Pixies look like fairies except sharper, more elf-like. They have sharp noses and faces and pointed ears. Their wings all curve upward into a pointed tip and all have the same shape, unlike fairies, whose wings are all differently shaped. The real problem with pixies is they’re fast. If they wanted to hurt them, say with a gun, it’d be near impossible. That was most likely the problem they were having.
“Oh,” I said uneasily. I hated to think of them even trying to hurt any Light.
“Come on.”
“Why do we still have to go to the office?” I asked, a whine creeping into my voice.
“So we don’t get caught. What if they restrain them and find us where we’re not supposed to be?”
I shrugged, refusing to admit I was wrong and we walked the rest of the way to the office in silence. Every couple minutes you could hear the pixies calling out derisively and the guards cursing. As we walked I realized how nice it felt to not have someone tightly gripping my arm. It was slightly sore, something I also realized then. That wasn’t good.
Once we were in the office I explained Luke’s role in the plan to him. I trusted him more, but I still wasn’t telling him everything, so I’d have some leverage.
He stood silently for a moment, and then abruptly asked, “What’s your Light name?”
The promise I made to Alex popped into my mind “Haven’t we already discussed this? You do realize my whole identity is still at risk just by you asking. Just because you’re careless, doesn’t mean I am,” and you would know who I was, I added silently, but the words didn’t leave my mouth.
“I get it. I just thought you might trust me now.”
“When we get out, then I might trust you.”
“Oh, so you don’t trust me,” he said, smirking.
“I do, but-“
“No, no, it’s fine,” he smiled wider and I knew he was up to something. “Just don’t expect me to get you out.”
“Luke-“
“You need me,” he said, his smug smile beginning to anger me. “and you know it, so I suggest we learn to trust each other.
He’d gotten very close to me, his body towering over mine and a small part of me was intimidated by him, because he did hold most of the power.
“Look,” I finally said. “We made a deal and I’ll hold up my end, okay?”
“Okay, I’m sorry.” He put his hands up in surrender.
“Tomorrow?”
“Yes, and I know for sure we can get two sets of keys. There are around one hundred people here, five per cell, and five cells per hallway. There are twenty cells, five hallways and a key for each that opens all the cells. That makes it easy. The keys are also all labeled, which helps even more.”
“So, there will be extra keys?”
“Yeah, for other things, other places.”
“Okay.”
“I guess there’s nothing else, so you’ll be leaving,” he opened a door and a guard stepped in.
He took my arm right where they always did and began to drag me back. The familiar grip reminded me of how it made my arm sore. If he had been a fairy, though, he could’ve hurt me a lot worse.
I was taken back to our cell as always. I quickly explained what Luke had told me. We decided almost immediately to use all the sleep we could get. We ate the rest of the food and curled up. I once again fell asleep thinking of the old poem.
~~~~~
I shot straight up, a cold sweat covering my skin. I’d remembered part of the poem. It wasn’t the beginning and I knew that immediately, but I knew what the part meant.
Raging and hard, but perfect
That was it. That was all I remembered, but there was certainly more. The poem was about me, too. It was talking about whoever my Soul Mate was. The Creatures of the Light have Soul Mates and there is no one else that fits us as perfectly as they do. We might find others along the way, but once we really find them, it’s magical. It strengthens you. The whole thing, the whole rest of the poem had to be at the place we were going to. I could feel it in my bones.
I fell back into a fit full sleep, the one line of the poem bouncing around my mind. I didn’t know whether to tell my family or not. I didn’t think so. I couldn’t tel them until I was sure of who my Soul Mate was.
Chapter Eight
After finally sleeping for a very small amount of time I heard the cell door open. I was familiar with the sound now, so normally it didn’t affect me. At that moment, though, it sent adrenaline pumping through my veins. I stood and let the guard grab my arm in the same, sore place. I hadn’t realized until now, though, that I was always in the perfect position to take the keys.
I slipped my hand carefully into his pocket, making sure not to jostle my arm or his arm too much. I passed them to my other hand, still not moving my arm much. I slipped them into the pocket of my jeans. He opened the door to the office and shoved me in. Once the door was closed behind him I sighed in relief.
“So, you got ‘em?” Luke asked.
“Yep,” I said with a smile, “I’ll give them to Marie when I get back.”
We didn’t have long, almost like they knew we were planning something. We had enough time to go over Luke’s part of the plan one more time and that was it. When the guard came to get me I laughed silently. These guards did “so much” work guarding prisoners, when, tomorrow, they would have none left to guard.
Once I was shoved back into the cell I handed Marie her keys. She sat down in a corner and started memorizing the look and feel of each key. Once she touched the lock that went with it she’d know the match instantly.
“I got pencil and paper, too. They’re for Alex and Claire. Alex, you know the map, right? I need you to tell Cece and me where to go in a minute. Anyways, Alex you’ll write down the names of everyone and their set ages, Claire, you write down whether they’ve reached their set ages. If they haven’t, write down how much longer they have until they’re at their set age. Also, keep a tally of how many we free and, Alex, next to their names, write down whether they’re male or female.”
The two silently took the papers and pencils out of my hands and began setting up charts.
“Cece, I think you should sleep. Marie, when you’re done, you too,” I said.
“Leigha, the map?” Alex whispered.
“Yes, can you circle where we need to go?” I asked.
“I already have.”
She explained to me where we needed to go and what we needed to do. She had our path outlined, so I wouldn’t forget.
I kissed her on the forehead, “You’re the best.”
She smiled, “I know.”
After Claire and Alex were done, the three of us went to sleep, too. Surprisingly, I fell asleep, forgetting how anxious I was. The poem was still on my mind, though, but knowing how close I was to remembering it made it seem like a much smaller problem.
~~~~~
We were all woken at the same time by a light knocking on the door. We’ve always been pretty light sleepers because we’re always ready for battle. I jumped to my feet, praying it was Luke. I helped Alex up and had Claire knock back twice. There was one more knock from the other side and the cell door opened. I allowed myself a moment of relief that it was Luke standing there and then began barking commands.
“Claire and Alex, Luke can take you to the door. Luke, after you take them there, find Marie and help her with what she has left to do. When you two finish go to the front door. Marie, you can go and unlock, now. Cece and I will screw up the security system and we’ll all meet back at the front,” I told them and we all set out. I’d also be taking control of the guards’ minds, but I wasn’t telling Luke that.
Cece and I went to the control room. On the way, I pulled the cameras off the wall and Cece switched the wires around, disabling the cameras. All the cameras became time bombs set to go off at six a.m. We would be long gone by the time there was an explosion. When I put the cameras back they looked untouched, even though they were no longer cameras.
Once we were at the door to the control room I leaned over. My hair fell into my face as I took a deep breath. I turned the knob and sighed in relief for the second time that night. Luke had remembered to unlock it.
Cece walked past me into the room and sat down in a chair. She leaned over the main computer terminal that controlled all the monitors in the room. I sat down and closed my eyes, feeling for human minds. When I found the five I put them all into a deep sleep. When I opened my eyes I saw “All memory erased!” flash onto most of the screens. There were two monitors left. All the protection to keep us in and rescuers out was on one and all the alarms that told them we were getting out were on the other. At the same time both screens showed the message “All devices shut down!” Everything had been crashed. We would be pretty hard to track.
Cece looked up at me and smiled, “Our job here is done.”
~~~~~
Claire, Alex, and Luke walked to the door. An awkward silence seemed to shroud them the whole way there. The two girls walked separately from Luke and,once they got to the front of the prison, pulled out their papers silently.
Luke unlocked the door for them. “I’m going to find Marie,” he said and he walked away.
Alex waited until she was sure he wouldn’t be able to hear them, even with enhanced hearing. She could no longer hear his footsteps when she began, “I don’t trust Luke.”
“Neither do I. I hope Leigha hasn’t told her Light name,” Claire replied.
“She promised… He’d know who she was if she did. I still trust him more than Marie and Cece, though. They don’t seem to like him at all.”
“I’ll have more trust in him when we’re out of here safely.”
Alex didn’t answer. She could hear more footsteps. They both wished Leigha were there to tell if they were guards or prisoners. They could only hope they were on their side. The owners of the footsteps came into view. Claire sighed in relief; they were the now freed prisoners.
~~~~~
Marie only had one hallway left to unlock by the time Luke reached her. She’d figured out the whole prison pretty easily. Every hallway was labeled by the prisoners held there. Their hallway had been F1, every prisoner there was a fairy. The next was F2, still more fairies. Then was, U1 and U2 for unicorns and P for pegasi. She was on hallway P when Luke came. She was instructing a group on where to find Claire and Alex and what to do when they did.
“There’s a theme,” Marie stated.
“Shape shifters,” Luke replied. “Fairies grow wings, unicorns shift into human form as do pegasi.”
That was the only conversation they had. It only took them a minute or two to get the hall done and then they went with the last group to the front.
~~~~~
Cece and I met up with Alex and Claire before Marie and Luke did. The prisoners were waiting in a group outside for instruction. Luckily, everyone except for the unicorns could fly. They left no footprints, though, and they were great scouts.
I took the lists from Alex and Claire, once Luke, Marie, and the last group joined us. The oldest set age was eighteen and there were only a few. We had released a prison of young shape shifters.
“Leigha,” Luke said, startling me. I hadn’t notice him come up.
Claire and Cece had already finished explaining what we were doing to the crowd.
“I got it!” I heard Marie cry. I hadn’t notice her fly up to the gate, either.
I started to walk towards the front, but Luke grabbed my arm and spun me around, “What’s your Light name?” he asked, smirking again. “Time to hold up your end of the deal.”
“Take off first,” I said, struggling out of the hold he had on my arm.
We ran forward and leaped into the air letting our wings catch us. I hadn’t had the sensation of wind under my wings since the time that had gotten us caught.
“So?’ Luke said. “We’ve taken off.”
I didn’t want to tell him, everything in me wanted to find another way, but I did, oddly enough, trust him. I had since though moment we first spoke to each other, though I’d tried to convince myself otherwise.
I sighed, “My Light name, it’s…its Luceleighanne.”
He gasped and almost dropped. I was used to the reactions; everyone was astonished by my identity, my beauty, my wings
“Hey, careful!” I shouted.
“Yeah,” he smiled half-heartedly, staring at my face, then my wings.
“I know, I know. I’m the Light Princess.”
He gestured towards my wings and kind of stuttered, “Well, that explains the patterns. So you’re going to save the world.”.”
“I’m going to try.”
“Leigha! You need to come up and help!” Alex said, she’d come to fly next to me.
“Alright, I’m coming.”
I flew up to the front with Alex. I had to help find the Light Shrine. What the First Obliviator had said about every Light being able to find the shrine wasn’t true, only the Light Princess or Queen could find the shrine. I could have closed my eyes and flown or walked there. Once a Light had been there they could get back by the magic pull, but I didn’t need to feel for that. I just had to let my magic steer me.
The building was an old, elegant, large castle. The building had too many rooms to explore and, in the center of the building, was the Queen of the Light’s shrine.
The building wasn’t too far from the prison, for a Light. Without stopping, it would take us about seven hours to get there, not stops. A human going fifty miles per hour in a car with no stopping, slowing down, or traffic whatsoever would get there in about ten hours. It didn’t matter, though because only Lights could see it or feel it. You had to be told where it was by an Light to find it if you weren’t one and even then you had to have magic. Everyone and everything else just saw a random meadow in the middle of the forest.
“Are we close?” Marie asked.
My speed had changed and she had noticed. I was slowing and dropping toward the ground. “About thirty minutes. Can you feel it?”
“Yeah, Claire, Cece, Alex, and I all can. We’ve been able to feel it for about an hour and a now. We’ve been here before, though.”
“I know, soon, more Lights should be able to feel it. A lot of them were born here, they just don’t feel it as easily because that’s the only time they’ve been here.”
Thirty minutes later we landed in front of the building. I pulled out the lists and a new sheet of paper. I began calling out the names and rewriting them on the new piece. We wrote down the Light’s special skills and assigned them a room and a job. It was tedious work, but it had to be done.
Chapter Nine
After we were finished going through room and job assignments I went straight were I had wanted to be the whole time: the Prophecy Secrets. It was a room completely devoted to every prophecy ever told by or about an Light. The prophecy haunting me was in that room and I was going to find it.
I walked into the room and one wall jumped out at me. All the walls were covered by moving words and letters. It made the whole room appear to be moving and stretching in different directions at the same time.
I looked at the wall that seemed to jump out. Once again something seemed to throw itself at me. The prophecy I wanted to see so badly.
As if in a trance I walked towards it. I was finally reading it.
The Last Light
Beautiful and free
the Light to finish the Dark
this princess shall be.
There will be someone
raging and hard, but perfect.
He will be the one.
Comfort will appear
in her family and him
They’ll always keep near.
Weakness will come twice,
one hiding and dangerous,
the other a vice.
She’s saved by the man
when her weakness overtakes
love Luceleighanne.
It all came rushing back to me. All the things I’d somehow forgotten, somewhere along the way. I’d had two hundred years of training for this before the Dark army had come and taken over our world. All of my memories from this time period had been pushed back when humans became manipulated. Running for my life had seemed more important, then. This prophecy, The Last Light, brought everything back. All those memories that had been lost came back to me.
I turned and walked back out of the room in a dazed state. Once I was down the hall a little bit, my head started to clear.
On my way to my room, I brought up a picture of it in my mind. Three of the walls were glass and showed a perfect view of the surrounding forest. Pulled to the corners between all the walls were blue curtains, the color of my eyes. Centered on the wall directly across from the one not made of glass, where my door was, my huge bed was placed. A silver mesh canopy hung from poles that went in the air all the way around it. On the wall to the left of my bed was a white couch. A rectangular glass plate floated above a large, blue area rug rimmed with silver. Between the couch and two matching recliners there was a smaller, circular glass plate floating between them. The wall that held the door had a bookshelf of glass. The matching vanity and wardrobe were on the windowed wall to the left of it.
There was only one other piece of furniture in the room, the most important piece, a large, sparkling, and silver trunk. It floats slightly above the ground. The trunk is completely made of a magic material, silver Light Stone. It sits at the end of my bed and seems to give off light. It’s incredibly beautiful.
Thinking about my room made me smile and I lost track of time, so I practically ran into my door. I stepped back to open it and walked into my room. It was just as it should be. Nothing had been touched or moved and no one had been inside. Although it had been over one hundred years since anyone had been in my room there was no dust anywhere and the wood floors were perfectly polished.
The first thing I did after I walked in was go to my trunk. I opened the magic box with the only hands that could. Beautiful gowns of different types were in the trunk. Along with a few other things that were still very important, but not right at that moment. I closed the lid back, satisfied that everything was where it should be.
I stood up and walked to my door. A basket sat outside full of papers and forms that needed to be looked at. Frowning, I stooped to pick it up. After setting it on my coffee table, I sat on the couch. At the snap of my fingers a pen came to life poised over a piece of paper. I thought up a list of notices to make for the bulletin board in the outdoor courtyard of the building. Once I had the list, I put together the lay out of the notices. I put my hands behind my head and leaned back. I closed my eyes and relaxed for the first time since we were caught flying. Then, someone knocked on my door.
I got up slowly and walked to the door. I waited for a minute and poked into the person on the other side of the door’s mind. It was Luke. I regretted getting up and wished I would’ve opened the door with my mind, although part of me didn’t want to open the door at all. Too late now. I opened the door to let him in.
“Can I come in?” he asked tentatively. It was the first time I’d ever seen him look anywhere near nervous.
“Sure,” I said. As he walked in his arm brushed mine and I shivered.
“Will there be more rescues to come?”
“Yes,” I said, but I felt awkward, suddenly uncomfortable with him.
“Maybe you can save the world,” he said with an uneasy laugh. Luke was standing barely inside the doorway; he had closed the door behind him.
I sat down on the couch and motioned for him to sit somewhere, too. He came to the couch and sat down next to me. Having him that close to me made me feel odd, and I wasn’t sure if it was good or bad. Suddenly, I noticed all the tiny features in his face and I looked at my hands. Luke cupped my chin and pulled my face up, so I was looking at him and he was smiling that stupid smug smile again. Something seemed to take over both of us, then. He leaned forward and I closed my eyes, deciding the odd feeling was good. Luke kissed me quickly and softly and electricity shot through me. He pulled away, then seemed to decide differently and kissed me again. I put one hand on the back of his neck, pulling him closer and deepening the kiss. Then, someone knocked on the door.
Luke pulled back slightly and said, “To be continued?”
“Yes,” I breathed.
His face darkened suddenly. “Oh Light. I just kissed the princess,” he muttered, standing quickly and going to the door. I wanted to tell him it was okay, but I didn’t have time.
I opened the door with my mind and Marie stepped in. Luke slipped out between her and the door.
“Do you have anything for the bulletin board?” She asked, eye Luke out of the corner of her eye.
“Yeah,” I said, nodding toward the stack of fliers my magic pen had made so far.
She leaned over and picked them up.
“Sorry I…bothered you,” she said watching the door like she though Luke was coming back.
“I wasn’t doing anything important.”
Marie nodded her head, obviously not believing me.
She doesn’t like Luke at all, I reminded myself.
Marie left quietly and I sunk down into a chair. Luke was the one in the prophecy. I had known it the minute our lips had touched. He wouldn’t have felt it, though. Only I was able to identify those in the prophecy.
~~~~~
Luke couldn’t believe himself. He was such an idiot. She was the Light Princess. There was most definitely someone she was destined to be with, someone important.
Luke walked into the Prophecy Room looking for a prophecy about Leigha. He knew there was one. Every Light had heard of it. He searched the walls and finally found it. The prophecy was called The Last Light.
~~~~~
I was walking out of my room when Alex crashed into me after careening around a corner. She had a very worried look on her face.
“Luke read the prophecy, the one about you. He’s such an idiot, such an idiot! He doesn’t know it’s about him!” Alex cried.
“How do you know it’s about him?” I questioned.
“I was going on a hunch, but judging by that look it is. Anyway, I’m not that dumb,” She put her hands on her hips, “I know what happened. He’s mad at himself for kissing you.”
“Fine, I’ll go find him,” I mumbled.
I started down the hall. I was trying to decide whether to run or fly and decided on the latter. I jumped into the air and pumped my powerful wings. I found Luke’s room, which was two stories lower than mine. He was walking out of his room when I found him. I vame careening around a corner and I had to stop short, my shoes barely catching the ground.  I tipped forward and slammed into Luke.
He caught me and placed me back on my feet before saying, “Why would you let me do that?”
I tried to reach out to him, but he pulled away. I looked at him and said, “You’re such an idiot. Come find me when you figure it out.” I had a feeling he wouldn’t really listen to me if I tried to explain it to him.
“Wait,” he grabbed my arm, turning me back.
His face had softened slightly and I knew he’d figured it out. It wasn’t that hard for him to understand he was the one. All he had to do was listen to himself talk. The prophecy couldn’t have made it more obvious unless it had said his name. Raging and hard, but perfect. Raging? He just had to look at how angry he was after thinking he wasn’t the one in the prophecy. And perfect, he literally acted just like me sometimes.
“I’m sorry.”
“You should know better than to think I wouldn’t know about who I’m supposed to be with,” but I was looking down at my clasped hands, unsure.
“I thought I felt it, but I wasn’t sure. Anyway, that continuation…” he said and I could hear his smirk return.
I laughed and looked up to find Luke was very close to me. He leaned down and kissed me softly. He wrapped his arms around my waist and I felt my feet leave the ground. I opened my mouth against his, weaving my fingers through his hair to get closer. We heard someone clear their throat and Luke dropped me. It was Cece.
I turned around, feeling heat creep into my cheeks.
“This needs to be organized,” she handed me another basket of papers; she was staring at Luke.
Cece turned and walked away. I glanced back at Luke before following her away from him.
I had to get all the prison raids in order. There were some that were very near, but if we targeted those and went outwards, they would easily know where we were. I had to set it up so it seemed like we were somewhere else. I pinpointed where our “base” would be on the map and located all the prisons around it.
I went through more of the papers. We already had three pages filled out with volunteers. I had my magic pen divide out the scouts, raiders, and releasers.
I posted the list on the big oak tree in the outdoor courtyard. Then, I went to the Light Shrine the building was based around, The Light Place.
Chapter Ten
The Light Place is a beautiful room in the dead center of the building. The room itself is a circle with a ceiling rising ten feet higher than the building. The ceiling is domed at the top and made completely out of glass to show the sky. The entire room is centered around a statue of the Queen of the Light. Both the statue and floor were made of Light Stone, a stone that is pure white, most of the time. This rare stone can only be found where a Light was put to rest because the Light and the area surrounding it turn to stone. The statue had steps that went in a complete circle around it down to the floor. Water overflowed down the steps from a stream around the statue’s feet. The water covered the entire floor with about half an inch, no matter how much overflowed from the stream. No one would ever get wet in the room, though, because the water parted around the Creatures of the Light due to its magic properties.
I walked up the steps and stood on the one that was just below the platform with the statue. I looked up at the queen’s statue, my mother’s statue and pulled a piece of Light Stone from my pocket. The stone was perfectly round and smooth, like a pearl, but bigger. I placed it in the statues outstretched hand, whispering a secret word that would be sent to my mother. As soon as I’d finished speaking the stone disappeared.
I turned and walked back down the stairs. I hurried back to my room and locked the door behind me. I knelt in front of my trunk, pulled it open, and sifted carefully through the content until I found a heart shaped Light Stone hanging from a thin silver chain. I fastened it carefully around my neck. I put my fist around it and felt it growing warm. I slipped it beneath my shirt and left my room.
~~~~~
Two days later, all the volunteers for the first raid were preparing. Scouts had located a small prison with sixty Lights in it.
“Ready?” Luke asked me, strapping a back pack on.
“I was born for this,” I smirked and turned away. I ran for my take off and jumped into the air. I snapped out my wings and let them catch me. I flew in the front of our formation, the point of a triangle, with Claire and Luke behind me.
“I know,” Luke said, and I thought I heard a quiver of unease in his voice.
“You were, too, whether you believe it or not. Don’t worry. Even though you weren’t trained it’s in you.”
“Have you trained?” he asked.
“All my life, up until the Dark Siders came.”
“How long is that?”
“About three hundred years. I’ve spent the rest running.”
I heard someone call out to me from beneath me and I swooped down.
“We’re getting close,” said a unicorn named Max.
“Oh,” I was surprised; our first prison was on the edge of the circle we were targeting closest to the shrine. I waved my hand and Max and another unicorn went to scout ahead of us.
A couple minutes after the scouts left we stopped in a group of trees about a mile from the prison. Darkness was falling just as we stopped. Once the scouts returned we would attack. We had been told the prison was protected by humans, which would make our job simple.
After about thirty minutes the scouts returned.
“Leigha,” Max said, “We checked the perimeter three times and it seems to be clear.”
The fairies and a few pegasi flew low and silent right above the unicorns’ heads. Our raiding party stopped at the prison fence and I motioned forward four other fairies dressed like I was: completely in black. I looked through the fence and spotted the outdoor guards.
“When the guards turn their backs we’ll fly over and sneak up on the guards. This should prevent an alarm, but if there is one everyone will have to move fast,” I told them.
My small group jumped and used one powerful stroke of our wings to make it over the fence. We ran silently up to the guards’ backs. They were in two lines of ten, twenty of them, versus the five of us, but we had the advantage because of our silent attack.
We fought strictly with hands, knives, swords, and magic. Lights didn’t use guns or bombs in fighting, they weakened our powers. I took two of the guards down with my mind, but the others noticed what I was doing and put up a mind block. The Dark’s must have taught them that trick. The other two I fought got a couple blows on me with the butt of their guns, but I still got them down quickly.
Once we were done we opened the gates for the others and split into groups. We had a Rescue Team who unlocked the cells and instructed people on where to wait, a Tech Team, who screwed up all the cameras and security devices and set them to explode, and a Fight Team, who took out all the guards. Five members of the Fight Team had gone in originally, but now there were fifteen of us. There was also a Scout Team, but they had split into the other groups.
We searched the guards and found only two sets of keys for the Rescue Team. They unlocked the prison for us and followed after both the other teams. The Fight Team would go first to make sure the path was clear.
We entered the prison and found ourselves in a hallway that held the entries to five other halls. The one to the very left was obviously an office hall because bright florescent lights glowed from it. I split the Fight Team into three groups and sent we went down the three halls furthest from the hall containing offices. I went down the hall furthest from the office one, my group following. I’d taken my group of five, the same I’d been with outside, down the hallway.
We found the guards clustered in a group and attacked, but we’d been spotted. Guns began going off and their mind blocks were up. I ran in, feeling a bullet skim my leg. I ignored the pain and the blood I was losing and fought. The split team quickly took out every guard in the building.
My team went outside right when we were done. After we were out came the Tech Team then, the Rescue Team. All of the sixty Lights that had been in the jail were fairies and most were men.
We took off as soon as everyone was out, whether we were flying or running. As we flew I felt the pain in my leg growing, I would pass out from blood loss soon which meant the bullet had cut through a vein. I was sure the bullet wasn’t embedded, though, which was the one good thing about the wound. I felt myself loosing blood and altitude, but I pressed on. I barely made it to the courtyard.
I landed and sank to my knees in the grass. My leg had lost so much blood I couldn’t stand anymore. I saw Luke’s face swimming above mine. I could hear people yelling and him yelling for Claire, but I started to fade. Everything I saw and heard seemed far away.
I saw Claire flying to my side and landing next to me. She ran her fingers over my leg, her eyes closed.
“It got close to the bone, but it skimmed by,” She said, “I need to put bandages on it or she’ll go into comatasis in a few minutes from the blood loss.”
Comatasis was a state Creatures of the Light went into where they were alive, but couldn’t wake up. Sometimes it took years to get out of and some Lights never woke up.
“Bandages, now! Someone carry her to the Care Rooms.”
That was the last thing I remember someone saying before I passed out.
~~~~~
I woke up in what was probably only a couple minutes, but I was already in a Care Room and I was healing fast. Alex, Marie, Luke, Cece, and Claire’s worried faces hung above mine. I heard someone call out that I was awake.
Claire shooed everyone back a little, so I could have space, “You’re lucky Luke was there, he caught you’re head. You would’ve hit the ground hard and definitely ended up with a minor case of comatasis.”
“Is my leg okay?” I coughed out, that was all I cared about.
“You’ll be fine. You just have to stay home for the next raid.”
“Ugh, fine,” I mumbled, “Can I walk?”
“Your healing rate is already faster than a normal Light’s. You’ll only need crutches for the next two hours or so.”
I swung my legs over the side of the bed and smirked at Claire, “Okay.”
She didn’t even attempt to hand me crutches, just gave me a ‘Really?’ look. I unfurled my wings and pushed off the bed, careful of my leg. Everyone except for Claire had a faint look of surprise on their faces. I flew out quickly, so they would stop staring.
I heard Claire snap, “You knew she would do it. Get back to your jobs.”
I reached my room, assuming there would be many people to see me. I needed to talk to Cece first; she could lead the next raid and tell everyone that we would include a Care Team in all of the raids.
I searched through the minds in the building until I found Cece’s, Cece.
Yes? she thought.
You have to take my place in the next raid.
So I assumed.
And tell everyone we need a Care Team. Claire can be in charge of it. Come get the sheet and put it up when you can.
I set my magic pen to work. It would make the sign up sheet for the Care Team and start working on the other teams for the next raids. I was careful about switching people around, so if they were hurt, they wouldn’t be needed in the next raid. The only people who stayed the same were the leaders of the teams. It made an extra list that I would keep for the replacements of the leaders, should they get hurt. 
I left my pen to its work and went to find Luke. I needed to add whoever we’d rescued to my laptop, which I used to keep up with everything. Everything my pen did was transferred to it.
I wandered around the halls looking for him and found him talking to a girl I didn’t recognize. She had mean, cold eyes and black hair cut in a bob around her face. Everything about her screamed that something was wrong with her to me.
“Oh, hey Leigha,” Luke said when he saw me, “This is...”
I cut him off with an ‘I-don’t-care-who-this-person-is’ look.
“I need you,” I told him, “Now.”
I gestured towards an empty room. He followed me down the hall, into the room. I sat down and he sat down across from me. I snapped my fingers and my laptop appeared in my hands.
“The prisoners were mostly guys, only four girls,” he said, pulling out a list.
One of them was her, I was positive of it. I knew I’d never seen her before.
“Okay.”
He called out their names, set ages, if they had reached them yet, their gender, and their talents. I added them to the registry Claire had started. I noticed they were all different ages except for the four girls. They were all twenty.
I finished typing and sat back against my chair, “I’ve never seen her before,” I said, accusation seeping into my voice.
“She’s Ellie, one of the girls from the raid.”
I had been right, she was one of them. It confused me why they were all the same age.
All of the sudden Luke went rigid, as if he’d heard something. Then, I heard it, too: someone was screaming. They weren’t just screaming, though, they were sending me thoughts, too. Alex was in trouble.
“That’s Alex,” I cried, jumping from my seat into the air, wings unfurled.
Luke jumped up and flew after me as I tore down the hall.
I found Alex in a corner. Ellie stood over her, pinning her against the wall. Alex’s face was red on one side where Ellie had obviously slapped her. Three girls stood behind Ellie and I assumed they were the other girls from the raid.
“Look, little girl, I can tell you what to do, ‘cause I’m older,” Ellie was saying.
“Yeah, she’s in charge,” said one of the other girls.
“Listen to Ellie,” said another.
“It doesn’t matter how old you are,” Alex growled, she looked pretty menacing, too, “Leigha’s in charge here!”
“Not while I’m here,” Ellie went to move a hand towards Alex’s throat, but Alex was faster.
She snapped her other arm out of Ellie’s hand and slid between her legs. She prepared to fight Ellie’s friends.
“Enough!” I cried, as Ellie whirled around to grab Alex.
Alex ran over to me, burying her face in my side. I wrapped a comforting arm around her shaking body.
“Why do you get to make the rules? I bet we could take you, too,” Ellie said, laughing.
“’Cause I’m older,” I mocked, “Doesn’t matter. I’m in charge.”
“Oh, so you’re Leigha,” Ellie spat.
She reared back to punch me, but I was much faster. I ducked out of the way, leaving Alex behind, and grabbed Ellie’s arm. My hold on her arm made it easy to twist her around and I held both of her hands behind her back.
I whispered sarcastically, “Actually, I’m going by the Hall Monitor, right now,” in her ear and let her go.
“Go to your room and take your friends with you. Don’t let me find you beating up on anyone else here or I’ll give you a new room in the dungeon.”
I watched Ellie walk away. She threw a glare over her shoulder at me and kept walking.
Once I couldn’t see her I kneeled down in front of Alex. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her close, stroking her hair.
“It’s okay, sweetie,” I whispered, then, I stood to face Luke.
He walked over to me and said, “She didn’t mean it. She’s having trouble here.”
I shook my head, “That’s no excuse. Don’t try to defend what she did, Luke, or you’ll be on my bad side, too.”
Chapter Eleven
I spent the rest of the day with a headache, struggling to figure out what Ellie was up to. I didn’t like or trust her at all. I wanted her gone, but I couldn’t make her leave yet.
Early the next morning, Cece and Alex stopped by my room.
“Leigha, we have something we really need to talk to you about,” Cece was almost whispering. She was staring at the ground, her whole body shaking slightly and making me nervous.
I sighed as I tried to mentally prepare myself for what she was going to say.
“I’m sorry, Leigha, but if Ellie doesn’t leave we are. She scares me, Leigha; I don’t want her to hurt me again.” Alex said in a voice that got quieter as she talked.
I sighed again, “You both know I can’t do that. This place is a haven. Any Light that wants to be here can unless they do something against the Lights as a whole. I’ve warned her that if she slips up one more time she’ll be forced to leave.”
“I’m sorry, Leigha, she worries me too much. Until that slip up we’re gone, but the second she leaves we’ll be back,” Cece said.
“I promise we’ll be back,” Alex said.
I walked over to one of my window-walls and placed my hand against it, making the glass dissapear. Alex and Cece folded out their wings slowly. They stepped to the edge and jumped, leaving me in shock that they actually left. I watched them flying away and I saw Alex glance back.
I promise, Leigha, I promise, I heard her thoughts as she looked back. It brought me back into the world, and the shock left, leaving behind the horrible realization that they were gone.
They were really gone. For the first time since we’d come together my family was separated. I started shaking and sunk into an arm chair. I closed my eyes tightly trying to make it all go away: Ellie, them leaving, the Darks. I swallowed hard, holding back tears. I couldn’t cry, I’d only cried once in my three hundred eighty-three years. Allie, Alex’s twin had gone into comatasis, forever. I’d cried then. But I didn’t cry, not Leigha, I was too strong.
I heard someone knock, but they didn’t wait for an answer. Luke, Claire, and Marie walked in. I swallowed again, I especially wouldn’t cry in front of them.
I looked up at them and as Luke opened his mouth I saw a look on his face that scared me. “You might as well go ahead and leave me, too,” I grumbled.
Claire gasped and her eyes filled up as she sunk into a chair, “They actually left.”
“Apparently, you already knew,” I said, burying my face in my hands, so they couldn’t tell I was on the verge of tears.
“They told me they didn’t like Ellie and they didn’t know how to deal with her, so they might leave. I didn’t believe them; I was sure you could change their minds. You usually can.” Her words filled me with guilt. I could have changed their minds, if I’d tried harder.
I attempted to shake it off and looked over at Marie, she’d been absolutely silent. It was unusual for her. Her face was a mask. Her mouth was an O and she was staring off into space. It took me a moment to realize she was in complete shock. As I watched her, comprehension began to dawn and her statue-like daze disappeared. She opened her mouth to speak, but, instead, started sobbing, her head in her hands.
I stood and picked her up, then carried her back to my chair and stroked her hair.
“It’s okay, sweetie, it’ll be okay,” I whispered, my voice slightly choked.
I knew it wasn’t going to be okay, not until they came back. I felt something in me seize up and it became harder to hold the tears in.
I heard Claire say quietly, “I’m gonna go after them.”
As she walked past me I grabbed her arm and said in my strained voice, “They said they’ll come back, and they will. I’m not letting you leave, too.”
She fell back into her seat, “I know it’s just...”
“It feels like you’re missing an arm,” I set Marie in Claire’s lap, choking back sobs.
“I guess we’ll have to arrange job replacements,” Claire said, attempting at a change of subject.
“Could you do that for me, please?” I couldn’t see myself making their absence that official.
She nodded and helped Marie to her feet.
“Thanks,” I whispered.
I watched as the walked out of the room. It was silent for a few minutes until Luke walked over to me. He crouched down in front of me and cupped my cheek in his hand
“I’m so sorry, Leigha,” he said.
I nodded, not meeting his eyes.
He tilted my face up. “They’ll be back, Leigha.”
I took a deep breath that turned in to a sob. He pulled me down into his lap and I leaned into him. He held me there stroking my hair as I had done for Marie.
“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” I said forcing a weak laugh.
“What, cry?” Luke asked, holding me out from him, so he could see me.
“Yeah,” I said, wiping my eyes and laughing a little bit.
“Everyone has to cry.”
“I don’t.” I smiled slightly.
“I’m sure you’ve cried before, though,” Luke said seriously.
I quietly said, “Yeah.”
“When?” he asked.
I sighed, “Alex had an identical twin, Allie. We got them confused constantly, so I decided to get them Light Stone necklaces to tell them apart.
“These necklaces, like all gifted Light Stones, were powerful. If the Queen of the Light were to do a certain ritual with them it could bring us out of comatasis. Of course, only with our personal necklaces, if you tried to use a replacement, it wouldn’t work.
“My mother got me one, too, but mine’s different. It tells me things and I can bring anyone that doesn’t already have a Light Stone back from comatasis.
“Anyway, I think whoever tried to kill her took her necklace. It was missing when we found her.”
“Wait, tried? I thought you said she died.”
“Sorry, to me it feels that way; she’s been under for so long. She’s still here. There’s a special room for people in comatasis. She’s there, but she’ll never wake up without that necklace. Comatasis can be painful and I’d hate for her to be stuck that way forever.”
He grimaced, “I’m sorry, I know it doesn’t help, but... when,” he paused, searching for the right words. “When I was in comatasis it didn’t hurt.”
“You were in comatasis?”
“Yeah, but, you should just know she might not be hurting.
I tried to smile as fresh tears flowed. “Thanks.”
We sat on the floor for a while, both of us lost in our thoughts. I had to make Alex and Cece come back, then find Allie’s necklace and bring her back. I hadn’t realized how much I missed her until now. Now, since both Allie and Alex were gone. I wished they were all back with me: Cece, Alex, and Allie.
Finally, Luke broke the silence with a sigh, “We both have work to do.”
“I guess,” I mumbled, but neither of us moved.
He wiped under my eyes with his thumgs, but didn’t let go of my face. He leaned in and kissed me softly. “Work,” Luke said, smiling.
I kissed him again, relishing the way his lips felt against mine before moving out of his lap and saying, “Work.”
He took my hand and squeezed it before getting up and starting toward the door. I stood behind him.
“Luke-,” I began, but cut off.
He turned around, “Yes?”
I shook my head and sifted through his thoughts. He knew what I’d been about to say.
I watched him walk out and the feeling of loneliness that had made me say his name came back. I didn’t want him to leave my side because I needed the comfort he brought me. What I really needed, though, was my whole family, not just the half I had.
I spent the rest of the day thinking those thoughts. My dreams were about Cece, Alex, and Allie, too.
Chapter Twelve
“Guys, where’d Allie go?” The sixteen year-old girl asked.
“Oh, Leigha, I don’t know. She disappears easily. It is her power, you know.” Her fourteen year-old sister laughed.
“No, I have a bad feeling about it this time. I can’t feel her mind. We need to look for her,” Leigha said.
“I have a bad feeling, too. I am her twin you know,” a tall eight-year old said.
Leigha’s sister, Claire stood, “All right, let’s go.”
She turned and helped the girl, Cece, who had been sitting next to her, Cece, from her seat while the eight year old helped up another girl, Marie.
The group flew out of the Light Shrine in search for the young girl, Allie. Leigha searched for her mind as they flew and finally encountered a cold, similar one. There was a problem, though; the coldness meant she was in comatasis.
Leigha used the mind to find the girl. She was crumpled beneath a tree in the middle of the woods.
Leigha touched the other girls’ minds, “I’ve found her.”
The other girls arrived quickly. Claire immediately assessed that she was in comatasis, but her necklace wasn’t there to heal her. Leigha and Allie’s twin, Alex began to cry.
I woke in a cold sweat from my dream to my necklace. It seared my skin and was brightly glowing. I knew immediately what it meant: someone was using Dark magic in my mother’s shrine. The necklace’s odd connection to my mind let me know.
I had to go to the shrine. I pulled on some clothes and took off into the air. When I threw open the door to The Light Place I found Ellie sitting on the floor next to the stream. Her short crop of hair fell around her face. Tears made streams on her cheeks as she banged a palm sized black disk on the floor.
“Work,” she growled at it.
I knew what the device was. It was a Dark Transmitter. It was black, unlike a Light’s, which would have been made of Light Stone.
“You do realize no Dark-made device will work within a five mile radius of this property. I leaned forward. “Plus, you’re in the Light Shrine itself.”
Ellie jumped quickly to her feet and raced towards me. She swung at me and got contact with my jaw. I didn’t even flinch, grabbing her arm on the back swing. I used my other hand to punch her nose, the weakest bone in the face. It was sickening to feel and hear her nose break, but it would heal quickly.
She jerked her arm away and used her leg to pull mine out from under me. As I went down I unfurled my wings slightly to get balance and stand back up. Ellie grabbed my leg, though and shoved it back against the floor. My knee bent awkwardly and I heard a sickening snap.
I used my wings to suspend me in a sort of sitting position barely an inch above the ground. Ellie noticed that I wasn’t sitting. She grabbed the leg she’d broken and pulled me towards her and I screamed at the sudden pain.
As soon as the cry had left my mouth I heard footsteps and slamming doors. Before anyone could arrive I flew into the air, grinding my teeth. Ellie slashed at me with a knife and my broken leg recieved a deep gash.
I fell from the air, but grabbed tightly to Ellie’s wrists. People began to flood the hallway. They shouted things and I thought I heard Luke’s voice. He was trying to find me, to get me to fix the cause of the screaming. Too bad I was the one crumpled on the floor. I looked back at Ellie, she would not get away.
Luke’s voice was closer now, “Leigha! Where are you? We’re gonna-,” Luke saw me, “Oh my Light. What happened?”
“Her,” I growled, gesturing with my head.
“Someone get rid of her!” Luke called, “Take her to the prison, in the basement! Make sure you check her for weapons.”
Two Lights came up and took her away from me. I collapsed completely then. Luke scooped me up and I winced when my leg moved.
“Claire!” He called.
“Coming,” I heard her call back.
I struggled against him. I didn’t want his help.
“I can fly,” I growled.
“Doesn’t matter,” Claire said, “We won’t let you.”
I sighed in frustration. We were almost to the Care Rooms. When we arrive I was placed on a gurney. Claire touched my leg tenderly, closing her eyes in focus.
When she opened them she said, “It’s broken in five places. Give it eight days, and then you can walk.”
“What about raids?” I asked.
“Twelve days.”
I sighed again. I’d be going without a raid for twelve more days. Why did I have to keep hurting myself?
“You should go get some sleep. Sorry I woke you in the middle of the night. I shouldn’t have screamed. I would’ve been fine until morning,” I said to Claire.
“You should sleep,” Luke said.
He pushed back my hair and tried to kiss my forehead. I pushed him away. I didn’t want him. If it weren’t for him I probably would’ve punished Ellie, but she had been his friend. I didn’t want to upset him.
Luke left and Claire set my leg, then, she too, left me to sleep. They promised to come back first thing when they woke up, but I didn’t want Luke’s promise.
I tried painstakingly to fall asleep, but I couldn’t. I didn’t understand why an Light would betray their kind. She had to be an Light; she’d gone into the shrine. I decided I needed to start reading more people’s minds.
After thinking for a long time, staring at the ceiling I fell asleep. Even then, it was a light sleep, a restless sleep.
~~~~~

Luke was sitting next to my bed when I woke, watching me. While I was asleep I’d been moved back into my room, my bed. My hurt leg was in a cast propped up on a pillow. I remembered my anger at him last night, and, although it had faded, it was still there.
“Do you feel okay?” He asked.
“My leg does,” I said.
He sighed. “Are you mad?”
“Are you kidding me? I let her stay for you, Luke, because you something good in her! She could’ve done something like this to anyone and it would’ve been my fault!”
“I wish it had been someone else,” he mumbled.
“Oh, don’t you dare!”
He stood angrily. “You didn’t see yourself last night, Leigha! It was terrifying! I was so worried, but then, it was all my fault!”
“Luke-“
“No,” he said, running his fingers through his hair. “Don’t try to make me feel better because I know you’re mad. If I had just told you to make her leave…” Luke came back to the bed, sitting down again and leaning over me. “You could be fine right now,” he whispered, brushing his fingers across my cheek.
I caught his hand. “I am fine, okay? Just calm down.”
“Bad things just keep happening,” he murmured.
I knew he wasn’t talking about my getting hurt anymore. He was talking about Ellie, Cece and Alex, maybe even Allie.
“It just got worse,” Alex said, as my window disappeared and she flew in.
Her face was grim as she landed next to Luke and her brown hair was unsettled. She looked very unhappy.
Cece flew in behind her as I shouted, “Alex!” and tried to move.
Luke held me down and said, “No.”
“Well, one good thing came out of what Ellie did,” Cece said, smiling falsely, “we came back!”
“Yeah,” I said unenthusiastically. “Now tell me the bad news.”
Cece sighed and began to explain, “When Ellie attempted contact with the Darks Queen Leamathia was notified instantly. She came here, to Earth, but, oddly, she landed much too far away from here and much too close to a Dark base. They knew it was her somehow and attacked. What’s really strange is, she went alone. She was overpowered by Dark Siders and they, Leigha, they killed her.”
“No, not my mother. Anyone else,” I whispered.
“I’m sorry, Leigha,” Alex said, “Something very weird was going on with our queen, though. We think she was being manipulated by a Dark or part of her mind was possessed by one. She made some terrible mistakes.
“We also think part of the plan was for you to be distracted. That way you couldn’t come to her aid. The mission couldn’t be completed, though, because Ellie couldn’t contact base.”
I breathed raggedly, a sob stuck in my throat and I took a deep breath.
How could this have happened? I asked myself, not even thinking about how Alex and Cece mysteriously knew everything that had happened last night here and there. All I could think about was my mother’s death. I knew it was going to happen someday, I just never thought so soon and right now. She was two thousand something years old, but I still needed her guidance. I didn’t think I would take the throne at such a young age. Most queens didn’t until they were at least five hundred and Bound, which was the Creatures of the Light’s form of marriage.
“Leigha, you’re the Queen of the Light, now,” Luke said intently.
I stared at him, “Wha?” I shook my head, “Sorry, I’m a little bit out of it.”
“You heard me?”
“Yes, I know. It’s just too overwhelming.”
“Another good thing is that you’re healing faster than normal, even for you,” Claire began, walking in, she had bags under her eyes and her blonde hair was messed up, “Sorry, I was eavesdropping. I heard the whole conversation, but I didn’t want to interrupt. Leigha, you do know what this will do to your magic?”
I sighed, “Yes, Claire. I believe we all know.”
I could see past her perfect composure. This had left her disheveled, just as it had done to me. It was completely unexpected.
She walked up to my bed and touched my leg, although it was in a cast. She grimaced, making the dark circles around her eyes more noticeable, “It’s already kicking in, just like I thought. With this fast healing rate you have about an hour or two until you’re completely healed. I just wouldn’t go on a raid for the rest of today and you’ll be good.”
“The coronation will be in about an hour or two then,” Alex said, and tried to laugh.
I sighed again, I didn’t know if I was prepared for this responsibility. I’d always taken care of my family, but now I had to run all of the Creatures of the Light and still take care of myself. Everything was happening to me so fast.
“You should sleep until your healed. We’ll come back to wake you,”Cece said, herding everyone out.
I grabbed Luke’s wrist to keep him from being ushered out of the room. “Stay,” I whispered.
He nodded and we watched everyone leave us.
I stared at the ceiling for a long time before I finally fell asleep with Luke’s presence as my only comfort. I couldn’t stop thinking about how dangerous this could be for us all. How very, very dangerous.
Chapter Thirteen
He paced his office happily. The First Obliviator had just received news that the Queen of Light had been killed. He’d known his plan to infiltrate her mind would work. He would now have to think of ways to punish those who hadn’t believed him. There were no known descendants to the queen that could replace her, so everything was going perfectly.
“Sir,” an assistant walked in.
“This better be urgent and important,” He growled. He was not in the mood to be interrupted.
“It is, sir,” the assistant replied.
“Then, speak!” said the Obliviator impatiently.
“Well, first thing first, sir,” began the assistant, “The Second Obliviator wants to know what he needs to do about the empty prisons. Second thing was that our spy, Ellie, wasn’t able to contact us last night. She got caught, so we no longer have a spy.”
“She got caught?” the Obliviator growled. “Stupid fairies. Did she have information that could put us in danger?”
“N-no sir. She was on a need-to-know basis.”
“Then let her rot. Oh, and tell the Second to deal with it on his own.”
“Yes, sir,” the assistant stood there awkwardly.
He needed a new spy, but no one on his staff would work. Soon, he would think of something, something always came to him. The Lights were without a leader, so things would get chaotic for them and easier for him. All he had left to do was find the shrine. That, at the moment, was his biggest problem.
“Wake up,” Marie chimed.
I sat up with a gasp. I couldn’t completely remember my dream, but I thought it had something to do with the First Obliviator and Ellie. I shook my head furiously; my new powers must’ve been starting to kick in.
“I’m getting up,” I said, swinging my legs over the edge of my bed and noticing Luke was already gone.
My cast had been taken off and nothing hurt at all anymore. Claire was right, nothing was effecting me, not my leg or even the events of the past couple of days.
Claire, Cece, Marie, and Alex stood around the trunk, leaving a space for me to join between Cece and Marie. I opened the magic lock on the trunk. We stared at the contents for a moment, then, everyone turned to me.
“Fairy time!” Alex exclaimed.
I had to change from my human form to my Light form. I closed my eyes and felt myself change. I now looked like I was meant to, my real identity. I had waist length golden-blonde hair that curled in ringlets. I had side bangs tipped in the blue of my eyes. Streaks just like it fell through the rest of my hair. My blue eyes were even brighter and had flecks of silver splattered through them. My facial features were a bit sharper and more elf-like. My skin had moving silver swirls starting on my hands and covering my entire body, other than my face. My wings now unfurled to their full size.
“You look beautiful,” Marie said with a smile.
I smiled softly and pulled out a floor length ball gown from the trunk. The cloth was shimmering blue that looked like water when I moved. A silver ribbon went around the waist of the dress, separating the tight bodice from the puffed out A line skirt. The dress was strapless and showed off the swirls covering my arms. Two slits were cut in the back for my wings.
“You’ve never shown this to me before,” Cece said in awe running the shimmering fabric through her fingers.
I laughed and Claire said, “I don’t think she ever showed anyone.”
Alex pulled out elbow length silver gloves and a pair of heels that matched the ribbon. I closed the box, but didn’t lock it. We would need more out of it.
I stepped into the dress and Claire zipped me into it. Then, I pulled on the gloves and slipped my feet into the heels. After that, Marie and Claire sat me down in my vanity chair.
“Now,” Marie and Claire said, while Cece played a drum role, “make up!”
I groaned.
They leaned over and began to work on my make up and hair. They messed with my hair and face for what seemed like hours, but what were probably only fifteen or twenty minutes. By the time they were done I was about ready to scream for not doing anything for so long, but, finally, they were done.
“Alright, you can see now,” Claire said happily.
I walked into my bathroom to look at my full length mirror. I stared at myself. I wasn’t used to seeing myself like that. My bangs still hung in my face, but a bun was on top of my head. Curls spilled out of the center and down the back of my neck. A single blue and gold ringlet hung by itself beside my face.
My eyes were lined with a charcoal color and a sparkly silver powder covered the rest of my eyelids. My eyelashes had been made blacker and longer than normal and my cheeks and lips were a slight shade redder. I looked, well, like a queen.
“Now,” Alex said like an announcer, “the finishing touch.
She opened the trunk and pulled out the tiara that had belonged to my mother when she was the princess. The tiara was silver and encrusted with diamonds. In the highest point at the center was a mini heart shaped Light stone with a deep blue sapphire in the center. Alex placed it on top of my head so it fit perfectly around the bun.
“Luke’ll be here any second to escort you to the ceremony,” Cece said.
“What?” I said in shock.
“Yep, he’s taking you,” Cece smiled. I thought she didn’t like him.
Claire opened the door as Luke was lifting his hand to knock.
“Oh,” he said, with a nervous laugh, “Is Leigha-,” He began, but then he saw me. His jaw dropped open, though he quickly closed it. Looking at him, I felt like making the same face.
Luke’s skater-boy hair was still long, but it didn’t look so shaggy and there were slight blue highlights throughout. His blue eyes were speckled with white and it had a really stunning effect. He was wearing a tux with a blue tie. His wings came out of the back, just like in my dress.
“Um, are we just gonna stand here?” Alex asked.
I shot her a “shut-up now” look.
“We should go,” Luke said, holding his arm out for me.
I looped mine through it and walked out the door with him.
“We’ll see you there!” I called over my shoulder as we made our way down the hall.
We had to walk a bit to the courtyard where they’d opened the portal to the Land of the Light. Lights that were Earth Bound couldn’t stay long in the Land of the Light unless they were the Queen of the Light, King, or part of their families because a portal would be left open. (The Light bound were people who chose to spend their lives almost completely in the Land of the Light. The rules with the portals for Earthbound Lights were opposite for them.) The one Luke and I were using wouldn’t be left open because I was going through, but there would have to be guards there anyways for the next one opened.
Luke and I stepped through the portal at the same time. I looked around. Normally, the Land of the Light wasn’t nearly this busy, but Lights ran about everywhere. They were all preparing for the ceremony.
Luke and I searched for a certain Light: my mother’s advisor. I would get to pick my own, but I trusted him and he would be helpful with set up. Finally, we found him. I waved to him and called out his name. When he saw me he bowed.
“How may I help you, Your Majesty?” He asked me.
I waved my hand, “It’s unnecessary, the title. You’ve know me all my life.”
“I must call you that, you are the queen.”
“Technically, not yet, Ben. Anyways, we need to go to the Auditorium Room.”
The unicorn turned and trotted towards the castle. I bent my head back to look at my childhood home. There was no wall, like normal castles, just a huge castle with a market place built around it. The castle was made completely of Light Stone and it was beautiful. There were no windows, only open spaces. Bad weather couldn’t touch the buildings, and rain only came when the Lights wanted it.
We walked through the castle to the rooms.
Ben bowed once again, “People will be let in in fifteen minutes. The coronation will begin in half an hour. All free Lights will attempt to be here. The guards for the portals won’t be able to make it, but other than that, everyone should be here. Will I be conducting the ceremony?”
“Yes, thank you, Ben.”
He leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, while looking at Luke out of the corner of his eyes, “Will I be crowning a king, as well?”
I blushed, “You know that means getting Bound?”
“Of course, I am an Light, you know.”
Binding was a serious thing among Angles. It was very special, especially to royals. All Lights had soul mates, so before you were Bound you had to make sure you’d found them. During the Binding ceremony they ran tests to make sure it was a true Bind. Most of the time when someone became king or queen they were Bound at the same time.
I glanced at Luke, “No, not yet. Perhaps soon, though.”
He bowed again, “I’ll leave you to your preparations.”
Most Lights being crowned preferred to decorate the room themselves. Most Lights in attendance preferred the new queen did, too, because the decorations reflected the Light being crowned. Each Light had two colorsspecific to them that were used to decorate for coronations. Two Lights could share one color, but no two living Creatures of the Light shared both colors. My colors were silver and blue; I shared a color with Luke: blue.
I decided on a way to decorate the room and, then, began. I used my magic to make the tapestries hanging on the walls turn to my colors. In the center of the tapestries was and heart with Light Stone coloring. The Light Stone heart was my symbol. A long, silver carpet with blue swirls covering it stretched across the wood floor from the door to the stage. Blue chairs with silver cushions were set in rows on either side of the carpet. The chairs were made so that any Light could sit there. If a fairy sat there it would support their back, but it would be as if their wings weren’t there. I left the room fairly simple, but it had my colors and symbol, so it worked for me.
Once I was finished, we left the room. Luke and I went to a private room next to it with one completely clear wall. We could hear and see through it, but the people on the other side couldn’t. It showed us what was happening in the Auditorium Room.
We watched Lights flow in through the double doors and take their seats. I recognized people who were staying in the shrine, people who had stayed there previously, and people from when I was little. My family walked in last and took their reserved seats in the front row.
Ben stood on stage. He cleared his throat loudly and everyone went immediately silent.
“Lights, before we can begin I have some announcements. First of all, all of your portals are guarded, correct?”
People murmured and nodded their heads.
“Second of all, do not be surprised when there is no Binding Ceremony. Our new queen has decided to wait to be Bound.”
Hushed whispers and gasps went through the room. I would be the first queen in recorded history to not be Bound.
Ben went on with a few more minor announcements as Luke and I walked to the double doors. We waited for a few moments.
“Now, our new queen, Lighteighanne,” we heard Ben say.
We stepped into the room. Quiet gasps went throughout the room. I was breaking some records. I was the youngest queen and I wasn’t being Bound. I was a “minor” in the Creatures of the Light’s eyes, since I was under five hundred and every other queen had been five hundred at least. Even though everyone knew I would be young, they had probably assumed four hundred, not anything lower.
We walked down the aisle and I felt as if I were getting married like a human did, but I wasn’t. When we got to the stage Ben smiled gently at me and Luke left my side.
“You’ll be fine,” Ben whispered to ease my nerves. “Today,” he said loudly, quieting all of the murmurs in the audience. “All of the free Creatures of the Light gather for the coronation of our new queen. In this coronation, due to the war, the queen’s full name will not be used. We apologize for the change in procedure, but the queen’s safety is of utmost importance, especially when she has no heir.
“Continuing,” Ben said, producing a scroll, the scroll of which all our laws and rituals were based off of. It was very sacred to our kind, though few had ever been permitted to read it, and no one had ever read the whole thing. Only the First Light, the very beginning of our kind knew exactly what it said. Everything we knew about it was based on fragments that few had been allowed to see and things that had been passed down.
“Place your hand on the scroll.” I did as Ben said and he continued. “Do you, Leigha, swear to protect your kind with everything you have?”
“I do,” I said.
“Do you, Leigha, swear to protect the Land of the Light?”
“I do.”
“Do you, Leigha, swear to protect the secrets of your people?”
“I do.”
“And do you, Leigha, swear to protect everything about and to do with the Lightfrom the Dark?”
“I do,” I said, my voice straining slightly. I’d already been unable to protect my mother.
Ben traded the scroll for a large crown made completely of Light Stone. I curtsied low as he said, “I crown you, Leigha, Queen of the Light.” The tiara I had was traded for the crown and I rose.
I thanked Ben and all the Creatures of the Light in attendance, then invited them to the coronation ball. Luke then walked me back down the aisle and we went back into the little private room. We would wait there for all the guests to get to the Ballroom of Queens.
Chapter Fourteen
Luke and I met up with Marie, Cece, Claire, and Alex in the ballroom. I would have to dance in a moment, but we had time to talk for a few minutes.
“This is so great!” exclaimed Marie.
“Sure,” I mumbled, “my mother dying is so great.”
Marie rolled her eyes, “I meant the party.”
I smiled weakly.
Luke pulled me towards him and wrapped his arms around me, “I’m sorry,” he whispered into my hair.
I willed myself not to cry. I mean, really, what was with all the tears lately? I pulled away from Luke.
“Now I have to do this on my own,” I blinked away the tears. At least I hadn’t cried.
“You have us,” Alex said, touching my elbow gently.
“I know,” I laughed. I deserved to be happy and have a good time at least for that day.
“And now, the Queen’s Dance,” a deep announcer’s voice said.
The crowd pulled to the sides of the room leaving an empty floor in the center.
Luke bowed to me, “Shall we dance?” he asked smiling.
I placed my hand in his, “Of course.”
We danced the Dance of the Fairies. The dance was where two fairies danced together while in flight. It was pretty much the humans waltz, except in the air.
Luke and I spun and twirled through the air for a few minutes before other groups of fairies joined us. After a bit, Luke and I dropped out.
My little group stood around for a while. We talked and drank and ate. Everyone danced at least one dance. Marie continuously dragged Claire out to dance because she was the only willing person to keep going out.
After a while a slow song came on and Luke looked at me. I smiled at him and we both stood. We joined the dancers on the floor.
I leaned into Luke and wrapped my arms around his neck. He put his arms around my waist and we rocked back in forth to the music.
“You look beautiful,” Luke murmured.
I laughed quietly. “You should’ve seen my mother.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” I said quickly. I tilted my head back to keep from crying. “I’ve never understood that. I mean, it’s not your fault. The only person who should be apologizing is Ellie and every other Dark Sider that’s ever breathed.”
“Leigha-“
“Don’t tell me it’ll be okay either because it won’t. We have a long way until we reach okay.”
Luke chuckled. “That’s not what I was going to say. I was going to tell you that you may not be able to fix things, but you do have the power to make them better. You are supposed to save the world, remember?”
I nodded and settled back against him and when the song ended we walked back to our table.
“Should we go?” Luke asked, wrapping his arm around my waist.
I looked up at him and smiled softly, “We have nothing left to do here,” I looked at the rest of our group, “Do you guys want to stay?”
“I do,” Marie, Claire and Alex said at the same time.
“Okay, we’ll take Cece with us, then,” I replied.
“Cece, can you manage the hospital for an hour or two for me?” Claire asked.
“Of course,” she replied.
As we walked out  Ben caught my arm and whispered, “Let me know when you’re ready for the Binding ceremony.”
All of the sudden I was uncomfortable. I didn’t want to be Bound, not yet, but I knew it would happen soon. I wasn’t ready. Too much was happening too fast and Luke being near me made it hard to think.
I took a deep breath. needing to concentrate for a second to make a portal. I closed my eyes and lifted my hands. I spread them in a circle in front of me.
I muttered, “Away from this place, we must go. To Earth, we must return.”
I opened my eyes and a shimmering portal had appeared in front of us. Cece, Luke, and I stepped through. We came back in the courtyard.
We walked a little ways away from the guards and then stopped.
“Do you guys need anything?” Cece asked.
I laughed uneasily, “No,” I said, but I didn’t want her to leave.
I couldn’t exactly place my uncomfortable feeling, but it was probably because I thought Luke would ask me to be Bound, especially after what Ben had said. I didn’t know what I wanted even though I knew if Luke asked me, “Yes, of course,” would come spilling out of my mouth. Luke just being there made it difficult to think straight.
I watched Cece walk away.
“Leigha, do you want me to walk you to your room?” Luke asked.
“Wh-What?” I shook my head, “Sorry, yes.”
We walked in silence to my room. I was still thinking. I just couldn’t make sense of what I wanted to do or what I wanted to happen. I just didn’t know what I wanted at all.
When we reached my room we stood awkwardly inside of the door for a moment, then, we walked completely in.
“Leigha,” Luke whispered, as if someone was there to hear us, and put his hand under my chin making me look at him, “What’s wrong?”
“I just don’t understand how all of this could happen?” I said, shaking my head and only telling part of what was wrong.
“It’ll be okay. You’re queen now, you have the power to make things right.”
I smiled a little bit. “I know...”
Luke pulled me into him. “We’ll make things okay again,” he said, his voice muffled by my hair.
I promise, I heard him think.
Hearing that made me break down. I couldn’t help myself. I began to cry silent tears into his shoulder. I didn’t understand any of this. I was the Queen of the Light and I was supposed to save everyone, humans, Lights, even animals. But how? How was I supposed to get rid of the Dark Siders? So much was on my shoulders and it was almost too much for me. I only had five people I could trust to help me with it.
I finally stopped myself. I pulled away from Luke a little bit, so I could look up at him.
“I-I,” I tried to speak, but couldn’t get the words to form.
“Shh,” he whispered.
Luke put one hand on the back of my neck and the other on my waist. He leaned over and kissed me sweetly. I couldn’t think of anything but him. It was okay, though, because I felt so much better that way. I felt as if all my worry and frustration had been lifted off my shoulders. Everything felt so much better with him.
I heard someone clear their throat and say, “Leigha.”
I pulled back from Luke and looked in the doorway. Luke left one arm wrapped protectively around my waist.
A man who looked about twenty-five stood in the doorway. I felt like I knew him from some time long ago. He resembled Marie a bit and maybe that was why I thought I knew him.
He had reached his set age and was tall; he was two or three inches taller than Luke. His dark hair, dark eyes, height, and olive skin resembled Marie.
Luke held me slightly protectively.
The man laughed, “Protecting Leigha? I’ve never known her to need protection, let alone let herself be protected.”
“Luke,” I said softly and put my hand on his arm.
He stepped a little bit away from me, but kept his arm around me.
“What are you, her bodyguard?” the man asked walking towards us, but still keeping his distance, “I don’t think queens are supposed to kiss their bodyguards.”
I hissed at him, “He’s not my bodyguard. Who are you?”
“Oh, you don’t remembered me?” the man walked forward a bit more and Luke pulled me back, “I’m Anjosephallo,” he bowed.
I gasped and stepped back, my hand over my mouth, “Joseph?”
He smiled, “And you didn’t recognize me. I see someone’s taken my place. This won’t do.”
“I did recognize you,” I stepped towards Joseph, out of Luke’s grasp, “Stay out of this.”
Luke was staring at me. I could feel it.
Who is he? Luke thought.
I turned. “Marie’s brother.”
Luke nodded his head slowly and I turned back to Joseph.
Joseph crossed the gap between us, “I’m more than that,” he said, putting his hand on my cheek, “Much, much more.”
I slapped his hand away and growled.
“Why don’t you tell him?”
“Because all of that was two hundred years ago. You left me, you left us!”And I loved you, I thought. But you left anyways. “It doesn’t even matter anymore.”
“Yes, it does. I know you still care about me. You won’t admit it to yourself, but you do,” he tried to put his arms around my waist, but I pushed him back.
“Keep your hands to yourself. No one’s stopping me from attacking you,” I hissed.
“You still love me!” he whispered. “I fit the prophecy just as well as he does.”
“No,” I growled. “You don’t.”
“Oh, shall I jog your memory?”
Before I could react Joseph had leaned over and kissed me. His lips against mine brought back memories that I’d hidden for a long time and I couldn’t stop myself from kissing him back f or a moment before pushing him away. I was on top of him holding him down before anyone would’ve seen me. I knew his fighting techniques, so even in a dress I could’ve beaten him. Plus, I was in full fairy form and he didn’t even have his wings out.
“I have somewhere to take you,” I hissed in his ear, forgetting about Luke.
I forced Joseph to his feet and locked his arms behind his back. I walked him out the door and led him down the dungeon. He didn’t fight me at all and probably thought I was just messing around.
I held his wrists in one hand while I opened Ellie’s cell with magic. I shoved him in and locked the door.
“Misery like company,” I smiled, “If you’re a good boy I might let you out.”
As I walked out of the dungeon I remembered that I’d left Luke behind. He’d been in utter shock through the whole fight. I raced back to my room.
He was still standing there, obviously waiting for me.
“Luke, I-,”
He shook his head and shoved past me, seeming to change his mind about waiting for me. I turned and watched him leave, helpless. I collapsed onto the floor and began to breathe raggedly. I rested my head on my hand, but I didn’t let myself cry. I’d cried way too much already.
Chapter Fifteen
I sat alone on the floor for who knows how long. I probably fell asleep at one point. I was confused and tired. I kept asking myself questions I couldn’t answer.
Had Luke just left me?
What was Joseph back for?
Why would Joseph want to be in the prophecy?
Joseph had left over two hundred years before when I’d been very young. Neither of us had even reached our set ages then, but I’d fallen in love with him regardless. After being with Luke I knew the way I’d felt for Joseph would have been much stronger if he’d been my Soul Mate. At the time, I had though Joseph was my soul Mate. One day, he’d left us without any warning. When I learned he was gone, he wasn’t so far away that I couldn’t read his mind. What I found there broke my heart. He’d gone dark, he’d always been Dark, and had tricked me into loving him.
I felt like I’d been laying there forever when Marie walked in.
She kneeled down beside me, “I’m sorry.”
“I should be apologizing. He knows what he’s doing, though, he’s opening a barely healed wound.”
“Why should you be apologizing? He deserves it. After what he did to you then, to all of us and what he’s done to you now. He should be banished to Abaddon for all of it.” Abaddon was the hell for Light and Dark creatures, but only the rulers of the Light and Dark could send anyone there. The rest of the lives of those banished would be miserable.
I laughed bitterly, “I’m not an unfair ruler. I want to keep him here anyways. If he’s in contact with the Darks we have to keep him here. I don’t think he’d do that unless he really wants to hurt me a little bit more.”
“You just say all of that because you don’t want to banish my brother to Abaddon. You would if we weren’t related.”
“No, I wouldn’t anyway. Have you talked to Luke? Has anyone for that matter?”
“I haven’t, but I know what’s going on. He’s confused. Give him a day, then try to talk to him. He needs time to get used to knowing about Joseph.”
“Marie, he doesn’t know anything.”
Marie’s mouth gaped open, “Wait, you didn’t tell him?”
“What was I supposed to say, ‘Oh, yeah, I went out with this guy for three years. I thought we were going to be Bound because I thought he was my Soul Mate.’ He doesn’t even know I cried when Joseph left. He only knows I cried when Allie went into comatasis.”
Marie sighed, “We can deal with that later. You’re sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah, go talk to Joseph. Figure out what he wants. You’re his sister, he’ll believe you’re on his side. I’ll talk to him later, or try, at least.”
“I’m  happy to help,” she said, standing up and leaving.
Once Marie left I changed into sweat pants and a tank top. I pulled on a pair of tennis shoes and threw my hair in a ponytail. I took off all the make up on my face and changed back into my human form.
I decided to go practice fighting. I had all my emotions bottled up inside and I knew fighting was the best way for me to let it out.
I reached the Training Hall and slipped inside. There were a few people practicing hand to hand combat and a few using swords, but people were mostly changing the colors, which only took a moment. They changed their armor, the tapestries; it all had to be changed to my colors.
When the people fighting noticed me, no one offered to practice with me. Everyone seemed a little skittish when they saw me. These were the best, most devoted fighters. I had to make sure all of them went on a raid.
Then, I groaned. I hadn’t remembered to send out a message to treat me normally. I hated when I was treated differently for being the princess, but now I was the queen. It would get worse if I didn’t intervene.
One brave guy walked up to me and bowed, “Hand to hand?”
I smiled, “Yes, please.”
He was a fairly good fighter and I kept the fight going. He found my weak spots and where I placed my blows most of the time. I was still better, I knew, but I didn’t want to stop, so I pretended I wasn’t so great. It was a good thirty minute fight and all the other fighters slowly stopped and watched.
Finally, I swung the man’s legs out from underneath him and pinned him on the ground.
“That was a great fight,” he said happily as I helped him up.
“I know, what’s your name?” I asked, slightly breathless.
“Rob, my set age is twenty-one. I’m one hundred twenty-six.”
I smiled, “Do I even need to tell you who I am?”
“No, you really don’t,” he replied, laughing.
“Have you signed up for raids?”
“No, I thought I wasn’t good enough.”
“Yes, you are, you’re really, really good. We need more people like you. You’re strong, you’re quiet, you’re attentive. That’s the qualities we need in fighters. You could be in charge of recruiting and training and still go on raids.”
“That’d be great! Thanks!”
“Yeah, you’ll definitely be good to have.”
“What do I need to look for?”
“We need quiet, fast, strong, attentive fighters. Most important is stamina. I mean, you know the works, right?”
“Yeah, I’ll get started tomorrow.”
“Great, thanks!”
All the fighting had made me feel better. Plus, I had someone to find recruits for the raids, and, one day, the battle. Fighting had released my emotions. Whoever said violence wasn’t the answer never considered the idea of Lights and Darks. It may be true for humans, but not us.
Chapter Sixteen
“Sir! Sir!” an assistant rushed in.
The Second Obliviator groaned, “What is it this time?”
“Joseph’s in the shrine, but...”
“’But’ what?” He growled.
“They didn’t welcome him. The girl’s still hurt by him. She threw him in the dungeon. And she’s been crowned queen,” the assistant whispered, shrinking against the wall.
The Second Obliviator grabbed the weak human by the neck and snapped it. The First Obliviator was already unhappy with him. This news could get both him and the First Obliviator killed.
No, the Second Obliviator thought, it’s not the First Obliviator to fear, but the Dark King. At least the First Obliviator started on his Plan B before this news came.
I woke in a cold sweat, again, unable to remember my dream. Something about the First Obliviator and his Plan B, maybe. Oh, and something about a Dark King, but there wasn’t a Dark King. At least that I knew of.
I rubbed my eyes and shook my head before slipping out of bed. My internal clock told me it was around midnight. I slipped into the hallway and began to tiptoe towards Luke’s room.
The way the moonlight touched my skin through the windows made it look as if it were glowing. It pooled on the floor in front of me as I walked.
When I reached the door I raised my hand tentatively and sucked in a deep breath, “Luke,” I whispered, tapping at his door lightly.
I could hear the near silent beating of his wings as he flew to the door. I could sense his presence there, on the other side. He didn’t want me to know he was there, but my hearing had become more sensitive. None of that mattered, though, I hadn’t even expected him to be  up at this hour.
I tapped the door again. Nothing happened and I was placing my hand on the knob the door swung open.
Luke said nothing to me, just looked at me with cold, dark, eyes and shook his head.
I stepped back. I cursed myself under my breath; thinking I could fix things so soon had been stupid of me. I was so, so stupid sometimes.
“I-I,” I struggled to speak, but I couldn’t.
I stepped to a window and pressed my hand against it, watching it dissapear. I didn’t want to hurt him. I didn’t want to see him hurt. I couldn’t see him hurt like that, so I jumped. I let myself fall a few stories before I caught myself with my wings.
I heard Luke scream my name once as he watched me fall, but he didn’t come after me as I flew away.
I felt, once again, like a sappy human girl. I wished desperately that he would have come after me. It would’ve been so much easier for me to come back.
I tried hard not to focus on that. Instead I focused on the steady strokes of my wings.
After I’d been flying for about half an hour I spotted a clearing. I didn’t know why, but it seemed to speak to me. I swooped down into it and let my feet drag slightly before landing.
Flowers covered the ground of the clearing. Red roses, pink gardenias, yellow daisies, pink tulips, and others I couldn’t name.. One of those flowers stood out from all the others, seeming to call to me.
An iridescent rose. It was a pearly color and the petals looked like they were made from Light Stone. I kneeled to pick it and noticed there were no thorns. I lifted it carefully between my thumb and pointer fingers. When I brought it up to my face to examine it I heard a voice in my head.
“Remember what you were taught,”  it was my mother’s voice.
I knew immediately about the rose. It had been my mother’s symbol. She’d sent it to me. It was her spirit.
Holding the rose tightly I lifted off the ground, flying back towards the shrine or, as more and more Lights called it, the castle. The window I’d left from was still missing, so I tumbled in through it. I put the window back in place and turned to walk back to my room.
I noticed Luke’s door open and pushed it open the rest of the way. He was nowhere to be seen.
“Luke,” I called to his empty room, “Luke!”
He had obviously left for a while. I closed his door behind me and went to put the flower in a safe place. I locked it in the magic trunk and then went to check on the prisoners.
I checked to make sure all my knives were in place before I left in case I needed to threaten Joseph. On my way down I heard voices and I stopped to listen.
“She’ll never know,” I heard Ellie’s voice, “Plus,” she purred, “She has a Soul Mate.”
I began to make my way very quietly down the stairs still listening.
“You wouldn’t do that to me,” I heard a male voice that sounded slightly hypnotized.
“You’re right, I actually care about you. I wouldn’t lie to you about having a Soul Mate already.”
I continued down the stairs to a hidden alcove I could watch from. I almost gasped out loud when I saw Luke standing in front of her. I hadn’t realized it had been his voice.
I saw fury flash in his eyes. Then, he did something unthinkable: he opened up the cell and let Ellie out.
Ellie whispered something in his ear and Luke smiled. He pulled her to him and kissed her. I bit my lip to keep from screaming and watched as I bent to pull a knife out of my boot. It was the only knife I kept without my crest on it, so there would be no evidence I’d been there.
They still hadn’t stopped kissing and a buzzing filled my ears. As the knife flew out of my hand and towards Ellie I felt a small tinge of regret because of the tiny chance of hitting Luke that I’d risked. I brushed it off and had turned and was flying away before the knife had hit Ellie, but from her thoughts I knew I’d hit her perfectly, right in the rib cage. Neither of them saw me, though.
As soon as I rounded the corner away from the stairs to the dungeon I ran into Claire.
“The armies leaving soon, the real battle’s going to happen!” She cried.
“Is everyone ready?” I asked as we raced off towards the armory.
“Yes.”
We got there and Claire and Alex helped me into my armor. It was light armor and I could move easily, but it protected. My sword was sheathed at my waist and I had a gun in one combat boot and a knife in the other. There was also a knife sheathed underneath the armor on both arms and one between my shoulder blades.
I changed into fairy form and braided my hair quickly. I pulled gloves on that melded into my armor and tucked my hair away. I flew to the release deck and found Rob.
“Do you know if everyone’s ready?” I asked him.
“Almost. Everyone’s rushing,” he replied.
“How did they know it started?” I asked.
“One of the spies I picked came back with information and lots of it.”
“The real war with actual fighting had to start eventually,” I sighed, “Where are we going?”
“A prison for Brownies, Sprites and Elves. They’re protected by robots because, they’re all so clever. It’s funny that they have elves in there, though. Normally they’re kept with fairies. There have been a lot of prisons with fairies and elves and that’s it, but it’s unusual to have sprites and brownies and elves.”
“I know, it is odd, isn’t it? Oh well, we can puzzle over it later. You can be at the front point, in Luke’s spot. Ready?” I said getting into position.
“Ready.”
“Alright, everyone,” I called, “Let’s fly!”
For one split second I grabbed Rob’s hand and squeezed. He looked startled for a moment, but then it was over. We were in the air.
~~~~~
After about three restless hours we landed in the shade of trees for breakfast. We’d left about half an hour after dawn with most of us having nothing to eat, so everyone was a slight bit hungry.
As soon as I’d sat down Rob came up to me, “How much longer?”
“A few more hours, I guess.”
“Oh,” he reached his hand out to me, “Come with me.”
I took his hand and stood up. We walked deeper into the woods. I was very conscious of his hand in mine, but I wasn’t regretting it. My anger and horror at Luke still burned bright.
“Leigha,” Rob had stopped.
I looked at him, “Yes?”
“What happened between you and-,” he began.
I interrupted him angrily, “It’s over.”
He didn’t reply, but kissed me instead. I started to kiss him back, but then I saw Luke’s face. I pushed away unsteadily.
“We should get back. I’m in charge, you know,” I didn’t wait for him to reply, but took off through the woods.
What if anyone saw us? What about Luke? Why do you have to do this? It thought angrily. I knew who my soul mate was and this had to stop.
I picked up my things and shouted, “Get your things together and get into formation!”
Once everyone was ready we took off. I flew and tried not to think. I listened to the beat of wings around me and the clomp of the unicorns’ hooves below me.
~~~~~
“Cece! Cece, where’s Leigha?” Luke asked.
“Oh, oh Leigha,” Cece was a little frazzled from keeping up with things, but she sorted it out, “She left.”
“Where did she go?”
“Didn’t she tell you? I’m surprised she didn’t take you. The real war’s beginning, she’s gone to fight.”
“What?” He asked in complete disbelief.
“Yeah, they left this morning. I’m surprise you weren’t on the list,” she flipped through the pages on her clipboard, “Actually, you were. Your name was scratched out.”
“I can’t believe she just...left.”
“I’m sorry,” Cece turned away.
Luke’s anger began to boil. He was still mad at her and didn’t want to go after her, but he wanted to be a part of the fight. It didn’t matter, he wouldn’t do any good. If he got there in the middle of the battle he could be killed instantly and that wouldn’t be any help.
~~~~~
After about two hours more we landed again. It was practically nonstop work, preparing. We had to get everything together and keep everything packed up.
“We’ll fly for about three more hours. We’ll arrive between three and four o’clock. The prison sits in and empty area, but the area’s surrounded by woods on two sides where we’ll spend the rest of the day. We’ll eat sleep and go over the plan for the battle. Is everyone clear?”
“Yeah!” came in a chorus from the crowd.
“Good. Get your stuff together and start getting into formation. Make sure everything’s set up so you can use it. It’s okay to take your time.”
All my things were together and Rob pulled off to the side.
“Leigha, I think I might love-,”
“No, Rob, you don’t,” I said. “not yet.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault just don’t say it yet. Don’t say it until you know you mean it.”
~~~~~
“Luke,” Ellie purred when she saw him.
“You’re all right?” He asked.
“Yeah, perfectly fine,” she said, though she was tenderly holding her side and had trouble getting up.
“Good,” Luke unlocked the cell and closed it back behind Ellie.
He kissed her once and saw Leigha’s face. He pulled back, but he didn’t want to. He was still mad at Leigha and it made him want to love Ellie.
~~~~~
“Leigha, you ready?” Marie asked, startling me.
“Yeah. I didn’t know you came!”
“I wouldn’t miss it! Alex came, too.”
“Why’d you two come?”
“We’re not that young!” she complained.
“Maybe not you, but Alex...”
“Oh, Leigha, calm down. She’ll be okay. She was trained just like the rest of us,” Marie said and skipped away.
I sighed and began to think about Rob again. This infatuation really needed to stop. Next time they we landed I would end it.
I went up to the front of the formation.
“Claire, Marie, Alex, come up here!” I called.
“Yes?” Alex asked sweetly.
I glared at her, “You three will fly up at point with me. Rob,” I called, “You’ll fly in your original position.”
Claire looked at me and slipped my knife out of her sleeve. She closed my hand around it.
She’s fine. There was no permanent damage, she said through her thoughts.
How’d you know? I sent back.
I know what your knife looks like, even without your crest, she said, smiling at me.
I smiled back, Thanks.
I slid the knife into the empty sheath on my thigh that was made for it.
“Alright people, let’s move out,” I yelled.
Everyone took off into the air. Adrenaline was already beginning to pump through me. In a few hours the real war would begin. No more practicing and drills, but actual fighting.
Chapter Seventeen
We landed in the woods around the building, giving us plenty of cover. I cleared my throat to get everyone’s attention.
“Right now, everyone needs to relax. I don’t care how, just take a break, eat, get some rest. At dusk we’ll discuss the attack plans,” I announced.
I sat down and ate quickly. After about ten minutes of sitting alone Rob came up to me.
“We need to talk,” he said.
I sighed and stood up.
“Let’s take a walk,” he said, leading the way.
We walked and talked for a while and I wasn’t paying attention to where he was taking me. After about thirty minutes I noticed we were almost out of the trees at the part where the stretched closest to the prison.
“Rob, we should go back. What is they see us? Our whole plan would be ruined.”
Rob hugged me unexpectedly. It wasn’t a friendly embrace, he was hurting me. I struggled against him, but he was strong. He had the strength of something much stronger than a regular fairy, more like a powerful…Dark Sider.
“It wouldn’t matter,” Rob said, cutting off my thoughts, “precious.”
I started to scream, but he slapped his hand over my mouth. I tried to bite him, but he was holding my mouth shut. Everything was clear now. How we’d gotten the information. How he’d kept trying to get me alone even after I’d  resisted.
Before I went unconscious my thoughts screamed out to Claire.
Claire, I thought forcefully, Rob was a traitor. I’ve been captured. Put the shrine on lockdown. Put and invisibility shield around the camp. Leave when it’s dark and don’t let any newcomers into the shrine. No matter what you do don’t get caught.
Right after those thoughts I fell unconscious.
~~~~~
Claire shot up from where she’d been trying to sleep. Her mind was running at a million miles per minute. She couldn’t believe Rob had lied. There was no way she was giving into what Leigha had told her to do and going back. She had a plan of her own and she summoned a messenger.
Claire whispered what to tell Cece into the messengers ear as tears streamed down her cheeks.
The messenger nodded at her and left. He would probably take about two hours. Unicorns were fast, which was why they were scouts and messengers. Plus, on the way everyone had gone slowly on purpose.
She cleared her throat loudly and yelled, “Everybody up! We have a change of plans! Leigha’s been captured. I’m in charge now. I need a few people with really strong magic to make us an invisibility shield,” at least she could stick to one thing Leigha had told her, “No one can fly. We’re going to make it seem as if we’ve left on foot. We won’t give in, though. We have to defeat them.”
There were a few cheers of agreement from the crowd and then everyone went completely silent. It would seem as if they’d gone if anyone came out there.
~~~~~
When I woke I felt more exhaustion and pain than I ever had before. I raised my head slowly, taking up more energy than I could spare at this point and attempted to look around me.
The walls, floor, and ceiling were gray and glowed faintly. I was in a Hold, which will make a Dark or Light weaker than a human. Over time, they make us go insane by remembering bad memories of people gave us a desire to kill them. There were a few in the shrine, but no one was in them.
I watched the door open.
“Hello, Leigha,” Rob said.
I glared at him.
“I just thought I’d show you something before I left for main base.”
Then, he turned into the First Obliviator.
I didn’t know if I fainted from exhaustion or because I’d kissed him or because he knew where the shrine was, but I fainted.
~~~~~
“Luke!” Cece exclaimed when she saw him, “I’ve been looking everywhere for you!”
“Is something wrong?” he asked, one eyebrow raised in suspicion.
Cece began to fidget with her hands, not making eye contact with Luke, “Well, Leigha... Leigha’s gone. The Darks kidnapped her. We’re leaving in about half an hour. We have to get there as fast as we can.”
“Let’s go, now!”
Cece looked at her watch, “Actually, we have fifteen minutes. We just need a few more minutes to let everyone get their things,” she turned to leave and then turned back. “Are you still mad at her?”
“No, but she has every right to be mad at me.”
“Luke, what the heck did you do to her?”
“I kissed Ellie,” he whispered, “twice.”
“She did some bad things, too.
“So, she didn’t tell me about Joseph. That’s really not that bad,” he sighed.
“No, she almost killed Ellie because she saw you two. Then, she...,” Cece’s voice dropped, “she kissed Rob and he...he’s the reason she’s gone.”
“No,” Luke said, “No, it’s my fault. If she hadn’t seen that, if I hadn’t have done that...”
“Don’t blame this on yourself, Luke. She loves you, you’re the one in the Prophecy. She’s just wild... She does crazy things when she’s upset.”
“What about Joseph? I thought he was the one. He sure seems to think he is.”
“Joseph doesn’t matter. No other guys really do. Leigha’s mother told me, she told me you were the one in the prophecy.”
Luke looked entirely stunned, but he knew it had to be true. Every Light mother knew when their child had found their soul mate and at that time who they were.
~~~~~
“Our reinforcements will be here in about four hours!” Claire shouted to the crowd, “They’ll come in while it’s dark.”
She stepped down from the stump she’d been on and began walking to her blanket. Someone was approaching her. Whoever it was, they were obviously taller than her and probably male.
“Claire, can we talk?” he asked.
She recognized him. She’d seen him a few times before. In the raid when they’d rescued Ellie, they’d rescued him. He had dark teal eyes and sandy, shaggy hair. His magic power was with water.
“Sure,” she stood.
“I’m sorry about what happened.”
“We all are. Who are you?”
“Oh, sorry, I’m Wess.”
“I’m Claire. If you didn’t know...”
“Actually, I did.”
Claire laughed a little, “Oh, well, we should go back because...”
“Of Leigha,” he finished for her, “I get it. You’re in charge now.”
“Yeah,” she sighed.
~~~~~
When I woke up again I felt slightly less exhausted. I was in a different room, though. Everything was sterile and silver. I remembered feeling pain in my arm. Then, something pricked me and everything went black again.
~~~~~
I woke again and was more exhausted than ever. I looked at my arm. The one that had hurt in the sterile room. It was my left arm and it was different the way I couldn’t move it. The rest of my body I could move a little bit, but it was as if it wasn’t even attached to me. Just like a limp piece of clothing.
I’d probably only been there for a day or two, maybe only a few hours, but I was bone thin. My skin was pale and brittle and hung on my bones like clothes that were too big. I went through the effort of moving my right arm and realized my cheeks were hollowed. My hair hung limp and tangled and I could feel the bags underneath my eyes. I was already in terrible shape.
Something surged through me and I began to shake. Memories pulled through my mind. Terrible images: Luke and Ellie, Luke and his “dad” working together, my family telling me I couldn’t do things, every time I’d cried, the things Rob had done. I hated them, all of them and wanted to kill them.
Chapter Eighteen
The reinforcements from the shrine arrived faster than Claire had expected. Luke was the first to arrive and everyone else got there about five minutes later.
As soon as he landed he ran to Claire, “Claire, where is she? When can we get her back?”
“Tomorrow night or whenever the First Obliviator leaves.”
The look on Luke’s face said he was about to go in by himself if it would save Leigha, but he went to a tree and sat down by himself instead.
“He thinks it’s his fault,” Cece said as she dropped to the ground behind Claire.
Claire turned around and sighed, “He’s an idiot to think that. She’s thickheaded. She’d rather us leave her than go in after her. She wouldn’t want anyone to get hurt than have people dying to save her.”
“I know. Who’s he?” Cece asked, nodding her head towards Wess.
“Wess, why?”
“He sure seems to have an eye for you and you him. Have you two talked much?”
“Just a little bit, he was pretty much giving condolences about Leigha,” Claire rolled her eyes, “He doesn’t like me. Plus, Leigha doesn’t need condolences. She’ll be fine, knowing her.”
“He at least has a little, tiny crush on you.”
“Whatever,” Claire rolled her eyes again and walked away.
~~~~~
I was barely able to wake up. It took a huge amount of effort just to open my eyes. When I did I saw the First Obliviator standing in the doorway, holding something in his fist.
“I have one more thing to show you, then, I’ll be on my way,” he said.
He uncurled his fist and a silver chain dangled from it. A Light Stone hung from the chain, a moon shaped Light Stone, Allie’s Light Stone.
I tried to scream or move or say something. My throat was too dry and my body too exhausted. I heard the door close and the Obliviator’s evil laughter as he walked away. Violent sobs that I didn’t know I had the strength to create racked my body. No tears fell from my eyes, though.
The only thought I could think was, She’s stuck like that because of him. She’ll be there until this war is over.
I slipped under after a while, but memories kept cutting through my head. Painful memories.
~~~~~
“Tonight around eight or nine we’ll start the attack,” Claire said to Luke, “Don’t worry, unless they have a Hold and she’s in it, she’ll be fine.”
“And if she is in one?” Luke asked.
“Well, if she is...” Claire trailed off.
“She won’t know the difference between her friends and her enemies. Everyone will be her enemy and she’ll be dangerous,” Cece finished for her.
Claire sighed and walked away. Cece turned to Luke.
“As far as I can tell she’s in comatasis or in a Hold. Otherwise, she would have made contact and I don’t think they would have killed her. I’m sorry,” Cece said.
“No, she’s not in a Hold. That can’t happen,” Luke whispered, dropping his head into his hands.
~~~~~
“Claire!” she heard Wess call.
“Yes?” she asked.
“Eight o’clock?” he asked.
“Or as soon as the First Obliviator leaves. Luke wants her out of there.”
“We should start getting people ready.”
“Can you do that for me?” Claire asked hopefully.
“Yeah, any way I can help.”
Claire smiled forcefully at him, “We need to be prepared.”
He nodded and walked away.
As she watched him leave she whispered under her breath, “Prepared for the absolute worst.”
~~~~~
Time dragged on and on. The terrible memories continued to hurt my head and deepen my pain. I was in so much pain it was blinding. I couldn’t sleep anymore because of it, but it was all I could do to stay awake. All of those memories were too strong. Every second I remembered more and more. Every memory made me want to kill everyone I’d ever known. They deserved to die for all of the terrible things they’d done.
I pulled together all the strength I had left and pulled out a knife. The First Obliviator had left it for me. I held it tightly in my hands.
~~~~~
The army started moving in. They’d seen the First Obliviator leave. Luke, Claire, and Cece led the way. Claire signaled for the group to stop.
“Luke, go in and find her. Wess will go with you,” Claire whispered, “Hurry!”
A fairy that hung around Claire, who must’ve been Wess appeared next to Luke.
“You’ll go in first. Avoid trouble and focus on rescuing her. Here’s the map of possible places. Try the office hall, first, it’s most likely for her to be there, so they can keep a close eye on her” Claire told them.
The two snuck into the building. The map Claire had given them had been edited by Alex. She’d circled the possible places especially on the office hall. They thought Leigha’d be under the most protection possible.
Inside they found the office hall lined with guards, some ‘bots, some Dark Siders. Before Wess and Luke were noticed water surged into the hallway, sweeping many of them off their feet before subsiding.
Luke immediately ran into the hall, throwing knife after knife at the downed guards. The ones that were still standing were gathered around a door, refusing to leave even to help the men Luke was killing.
When Luke and Wess reached them, the real fighting began. Just before Luke and Wess got to the guards they were thrown back against a wall. Water swept into the hallway again, forcing the guard to drop his magic hold on Luke and Wess to hold himself up. The two ran at the guards again, Luke throwing knives at the guards who were too distracted to evade them. Three of the guards were taken down before the other two got ahold of themselves and avoided Luke’s knives. One guard held out his hand, spraying fire at Luke and Wess. Wess barely stopped it with his own spray of water as Luke took the other guard down with a sword. Then, with the last guard distracted, Luke took him down as well, leaving the door they’d been guarding accessible.
“Go,” Wess said. “I’ll keep watch while you get her.”
Luke took a deep breath and opened the door. Leigha was curled into a ball in the corner, but her head lifted up a tiny bit when she heard the door. Luke desperately wanted to go to her, but he couldn’t because it could be a Hold, although Luke doubted it. He wasn’t paying attention to the walls, though, the way they glowed.
“Leigha!” He cried to her crumpled body.
When she heard her name she shot up with unrealistic speed for someone who was in a Hold, so Luke decided it certainly wasn’t one. He still wasn’t paying close enough attention, though. She raced towards him and Luke opened his arms ready to hold her. She brandished an knife and had cut a gash in his shoulder, then his throat by the time Wess grabbed her.
Luke could feel the blood trickling down his neck and touched it gently. It was just a scrape, but his shoulder was much worse.
“Wess, take her outside. Make sure she doesn’t see anyone she knows. Find some people who don’t know her to help you,” Luke called as he ran out.
It didn’t matter. The second Wess had pulled Leigha back she’d collapsed and fallen asleep. Wess carried her out after Luke.
~~~~~
It dawned on me that I could have killed Luke. I knew for some reason some part of me was in love with him, but I hated him more. I wrestled against the person holding me back for a moment as I watched Luke. I felt as if I were dreaming and then I fell asleep.
~~~~~
“Claire!” Wess called, “Get me a few people who she doesn’t know to help me bring her back! Maybe a unicorn and she could just ride of their back? Or, better, a pegasus?”
“I’ll go with you,” she said.
They rounded up a pegasus and a few fairies to fly her back. The fairies would trail behind because pegasi were the fastest of the Lights. The pegasus could have her back in two hours where it would take the fairies four.
~~~~~
“Luke,” Cece said, putting her hand gently on his unhurt shoulder as he bandaged the other, “You can go back with them if you want.”
“No, I just have to clean up these scrapes,” Luke replied, pulling away from her.
“You can lead than.”
Luke nodded and turned his back to her. He was trying to hide his pain, but he was really upset. If they would’ve let him go in before, when he’d first gotten there, just so he could see Leigha, she would be fine right now. He’d been forced to wait, though, and now he may never be able to go in the same room as her again without her trying to kill him.
~~~~~
People were saying my name. They were talking about me. I struggled against metal cuffs around my thin ankles and wrists that held me down on a metal table. I tried to find my knives, but I already knew they were gone.
I was wearing thin white clothing that was too big for me. They’d taken my knives and armor. It didn’t matter, though. I wouldn’t have been able to reach the knives in time. I felt something pierce my skin. The last thing I heard while I was awake was my scream.
~~~~~
Cece had decided to let Luke lead because of his anger. He was in such a rage because of Leigha he could’ve killed the First Obliviator, albeit Luke would’ve suffered near fatal injury.
“Ready?” Luke called out to the army.
“Ready!” They called back.
The group stormed in. Combat began with the cop ‘bots. Fairies and ‘bots fighting in the air. Pegasi and ‘bots fighting in the air. Unicorns and ‘bots fighting on the ground.
Luke was fighting with two ‘bots when a third came up behind him. It clapped it’s hands against his ribs and Luke could hear the loud crack as they broke. He struggled to keep himself in the air. He felt a knife tear across the flesh on his chest all the way up and across his unhurt shoulder.
He felt himself losing altitude when something hit him in the head. He felt warm, sticky blood run into his eyes and slide down his face. Luke began to fall faster. He couldn’t hold himself up anymore and felt the thump and jarring of his body as he landed. People’s voices filled his ears and then a white noise began to drown them out. They faded out of his hearing and everything went black.
~~~~~
“Luke,” someone was shaking him gently, “Luke, wake up.”
He opened his eyes weakly. His mouth felt like cotton and he couldn’t swallow. When he tried he tasted blood.
“You’re the only one who was seriously injured, other than two people in temporary comatasis,” Claire told him, “We got everyone out of there. The two Obliviators who were there weren’t very high ranking, but they got away. We destroyed most of the ‘bots and the building.”
She began gently unwrapping blood soaked bandages from his head. She dabbed at it gently, then wrapped a clean bandage around it. When she was done she peeled off the bandage on his chest and replaced it.
“Luke…” she began.
“I...,” he croaked, “I heal like a human,” he tried to shrug, “Every fairy has a weakness.”
“I know,” she said.
~~~~~
I fought and fought against the cuffs, but no matter what I did I couldn’t get free. I was held down too tightly. I began to scream and talk gibberish. One of the drips in my arm began to flow and I slid back under.
~~~~~
“Are you ready?” Claire asked.
“I guess,” Luke replied.
“Just try not to be disappointed. She’s healthier than she was and that’s all we can ask for.”
Cece helped him up and he used her to steady him as they went to the observation room next to Leigha’s Care Room.
“I know,” he sighed.
~~~~~
A young man walked in the room. I had to crane my head to look at him because I was still strapped on the table. Claire followed him and the man sat down beside the table.
“I’m Wess,” he said.
I payed him no attention and hissed at Claire.
“Does she need to leave?” asked the man named Wess.
“No,” I laughed bitterly, “as long as she’s in here I can get rid of her,” I lunged, trying to claw my way out of the cuffs.
“Leave, Claire,” Wess said, not looking at her.
Claire began to leave her head hung sadly.
“You better be careful, Claire,” I hissed at her back, “I just might steal Wess from you,” I laughed again as Claire’s back went rigid, “You should’ve let her stay,” I said to Wess, “I’ll end up taking care of all of them eventually.”
“No,” Wess growled, “You won’t. You’ll control yourself.”
I scowled, “If I promise to, can I have some freedom? It’s the least you can do.”
“Maybe,” he said as he left, but I heard his thoughts. They didn’t plan on ever letting me out.
~~~~~
Wess walked out to Claire’s near silent sobbing. She had her face buried in her hands, but she heard Wess come out.
“I miss her,” she said without removing her hands.
He took her hands away from her face, “We’ll get her back, I promise.”
He helped her to her feet and hugged her. She buried her face in his shoulder.
“Please, someone, bring her back,” Claire whispered to no one in particular.
~~~~~
The next day Luke was brought to see me. I was allowed to stand this time, but there were guards stationed around the room. When I saw him walk in I gasped and backed against the wall. I was scared and angry, but what really startled me was that he was covered in bandages.
“Leigha,” he whispered, reaching towards me.
“What do you want?” I snapped, plastering myself against the wall, “To hurt me again?”
“Leigha, I would never hurt you.”
“Sure, whatever.”
He mumbled something about Ellie and something in me snapped entirely. I lunged at him. My fingers barely were scraping his neck when I was grabbed and shoved to the ground. I felt a syringe pierce my skin and I passed out.
~~~~~
As I slept memories flowed through my head. These weren’t painful memories, though, these were all the sweet moments I’d forgotten. Luke and I kissing, Claire saving me, my trust and care for my family. All of my memories came back, but I still remembered what I had done while I couldn’t think clearly. I would never be able to forget it.
When I woke I shot up or attempted to because the cuffs were back. I started screaming, shaking, sobbing, and sweating. The screaming finally stopped and sobs shook my body. I cried myself back into restless sleep that didn’t last long.
I woke when someone lightly touched my arm. I knew I hadn’t been asleep long because it was still dark. Luke stood over me. I could see the scrape on his neck from my knife and a bit of the one on his shoulder. I started to cry again.
I started shaking my head, “I’m sorry,” I whispered.
“Leigha,” he said, putting a finger on my lips, “I’m not supposed to be here. I heard you screaming and I had to see you, to see if you were okay.”
“You saw me yesterday and I tried to kill you again. If Wess hadn’t have been there that first time I would have killed you.”
“Leigha, last time I saw you awake was two weeks ago. You’ve had temporary comatasis. They thought it might bring back all of your memories. When you were pushed down they injected you with a fluid that can cause comatasis. I heard you screaming and I had to see if it worked or if you were, well. I’m not supposed to be here because nobody knows if it worked and they might think you’re trying to trick them.
I looked at his neck, then his shoulder, “Did I really do that?”
He touched his neck, “Yes.”
I looked a bit closer, having to crane my neck, and muttered, “I know your weakness,” I stared at the scabbing over the two cuts that shouldn’t have been there, “You heal at a human rate, maybe less. You still have to be killed like an Light, right?”
“How can you tell?” he asked, ignoring my question and worrying me.
“The scrapes should be going away completely, not scarring,” I shook my head, “I feel like that was made your weakness on purpose. I’ll always have to see what I’ve done.”
I picked up my head when I heard footsteps, “Luke, you should go!” I whispered.
“Why?”
“Just go!”
Luke left just a few seconds before he would have been caught. A guard walked in and looked at me for a few seconds. I stared back with my eyes unnoticeably cracked open.
“I know you’re awake, your highness. I could hear you screaming,” the guard said, “Did the comatasis finally wear off?”
My eyes flew open, “What? I had comatasis! I thought I was asleep for one night,” I exclaimed.
“You’ve been out for about two weeks.”
“Where’s Luke?” I asked, trying to get up, tears streaming down my cheeks, “I need to-,”
I cut off collapsing in pain, screaming. An electric shock coursed through my body continuously. I heard the guard who had been with me shout for help. People rushed in shouting, “What happened?” and “Leigha, are you okay?” Through all the screaming I started to slide into the blackness. The pain and the screaming all started to disappear. I thought maybe I was dying. I let in the peace and calm and quiet, but something tore me away from all of it.
“Leigha!” Luke shouted, tear choked, “Please don’t leave me, not now, not when I just got you back.”
Chapter Nineteen
I woke to the sound of many voices surrounding me. I craned my neck up to look around me. I was in the same Care Room, but there was a new bandage on my arm that hadn’t been there before. My head throbbed painfully and my whole body felt as if it had been electrocuted. Some memories of the night before, or what I thought was the night before, came flooding back to me. I had been electrocuted.
“Luke,” I croaked. My throat was dry from disuse.
“I’m right here,” he said, grabbing my hand.
“What...happened?”
“Something internal electrocuted you. We traced it back to a chip in your arm and Claire and her team cut it out when you passed out last night. You’ll be fine, soon, but do you remember getting a chip in your arm?”
I tried to think, but exhaustion took over before I  could answer. I closed my eyes and fell asleep.
All I could think was, I’ll survive this. I’ll survive this, over and over again in my head.
~~~~~
When I woke again I felt much better and most of the pain had gone away. Luke was asleep in a chair beside the bed I’d been moved to when they’d decided I was safe. I removed my hand carefully from his and stood. I stretched out my unused muscles and looked around. It had to have been around midnight.
I slipped out of the room and down the hall. I needed to see the sky.
The first window was perfect and not too far away from my Care Room. It was pitch black outside, but the stars sparkled. There was no moon, though, making everything dark and quiet.
“It’s been a long time since you’ve seen the sky,” I jumped slightly when I heard Luke’s voice.
“You scared me,” I said turning, “I tried not to wake you.”
“I was pretending and trying to sleep. When you left, I followed you.”
We both stood there silently for a moment, staring at the sky.
Luke broke the silence, staring at me intently, “Leigha, it’s okay.”
“No, Luke, its not, and it never will be. I tried to kill you. I can never take that back. If I ever do that again...” kill me, I sent the thought to him instead of saying it out loud.
“You know I can’t do that. You won’t do it again and even if you do I won’t kill you.”
“I can’t let you get hurt because of me. I just can’t let that happen. Promise me, please. If you really believe I won’t harm you, you can promise me this.”
He sighed, “I promise, but I won’t get hurt, so I can’t do that to you.”
He hugged me to him and we stood like that in silence for a while. I could hear his heartbeat through his shirt. I closed my eyes and breathed in deeply.
“We’ll get through this, I promise,” Luke whispered in my ear.
We were still standing there like that, Luke with his arm around me, me with my face buried in his chest, when I started violently convulsing.
~~~~~
I woke up back in the Care Room with Luke standing over me, looking haggard.
“The chip was more complicated that we thought. Something’s gone seriously wrong. It’s like... It’s like it’s gotten inside of you. Like the properties of the chip began to spread throughout you,” he told me with a look of absolute despair on his face.
I closed my eyes tightly as if I could just wish it all away, “Is there any way to get rid of it?”
“We don’t know, but we’ll do everything we can.”
He turned around to say something to Cece. I noticed she’d been around him a lot. It was odd. Then, suddenly, an unseen force hit him and he keeled over, screaming. I immediately knew it had to do with me; I could feel it.
“Luke, do it! Do it now!” I screamed.
“No!” He gasped.
“Please, Luke, please.”
He struggled to pull his knife from a hidden sheath. He threw it weakly towards me and I managed to catch it. I had it poised over my heart and was about to finish the act when something stopped me. A glowing, sparkling, blue orb had risen from my chest. Then, something even stranged happened: the orb started talking.
The voice didn’t come from any known mouth or speaker, the orb just...produced it. It was one of the most unusual things I’d ever seen.
“The Chip must leave,” it spoke metallically, like you’d expect a robot to speak, “As long as the Chip is here you will have a desire to destroy. That is no one but the Dark King’s job. Not even the First Obliviator could be allowed that pleasure.”
The Chip, as it called itself, disintegrated. I sat there in shock for a moment, then, I screamed. After that, I began to worry about Luke.
“Are you okay?” I asked, finally, when I calmed down.
“Surprisingly better,” he replied, righting himself, “What was that?”
Cece was the only other person in the room and she was shaking her head slowly. Claire walked in during the brief silence.
“Whatever was hurting you is gone now. It can’t get to you anymore,” Claire said.
“I’m so sorry, Claire,” I said. I’d been apologizing a lot, lately. I needed to shape up my act.
“It wasn’t your fault,” she replied, “We have to move you out of here. Down into the basement,” she hesitated, “into the Comatasis Care Rooms.”
I knew the look that was on my face: grief and fear, “Wh-Why?”
“Because you’ll be safe there if they’re tracking you with that-that thing,” Luke said.
Claire pulled me to my feet, “We have to hurry, assuming they are coming for you.”
I was jostled out of the room as fast as the guards could manage. They hustled me down halls toward the Comatasis Care Rooms. We stopped in front of the open door.
“Come on, Luke,” Claire said, starting to turn away.
“No,” I begged, “please.”
“They know he’d be wherever you are,” Claire said simply.
“Luke!” I complained, although I knew I wouldn’t get my way.
“She’s right, Leigha, and you know I won’t risk that,” he said.
I hugged him, “Please, don’t get hurt if something happens,” I whispered.
He tilted my face up and kissed me. Then, he reached behind him and gently unlinked my arms.
“We have to go,” Claire said, annoyed.
The guards began to shuffle me into the Comatasis Care Rooms while Luke and Claire began to walk away, back to my Care Room.
“Wait!” Luke called out.
I whipped around immediately, “Is something wrong?”
He came back over to me and took my hands in his. His face was full of nervousness and he looked like he might throw up. “Leigha,” he said softly, getting down on his knees, “Will you be Bound to me?” He took off silver ring he wore on his pinky.
“Yes,” I breathed and he slid the ring onto my finger, standing up.
“It’s not much.”
I kissed him gently. “It doesn’t matter. It shouldn’t matter,” I told him, smiling, “You forgot something, though.”
A look of puzzlement crossed his face, “I did?” he pulled back, “What?”
I shook my head. “You’re smart enough to figure it out,” I said, and I turned and walked into the Comatasis Care Rooms.
~~~~~
Confusion was the only expression in Luke’s face as they walked back to Leigha’s Care Room. It was obvious he didn’t understand what Leigha meant, at least, it was to Claire.
He followed Claire and Wess up to the Care Room silently and took his position inside with Cece, who was already there, while Wess helped Claire.
“You don’t have to do this, Claire,” Wess said, “Anyone else could.”
“I’m sorry, but you don’t understand. It has to be me. There will be almost no flaws if I’m the one who changes,” Claire’s voice dropped, “It’s because I’m her sister.”
Wess took her face between his hands before either of them said anything else and kissed her.
“Wess-,”
“I-I-I’m sorry. You have to go.”
Luke wasn’t the only one in a state of confusion anymore. Claire walked into the room she could die in, if the Dark Siders really did come, with a troubled look on her face. A single tear rolled down her cheek as she covered herself in magic and took Leigha’s place. She was almost exactly identical to Leigha except for a few tiny flaws that no one would’ve been able to notice.
~~~~~
I sat next to Allie, unmoving in her bed. I held her hand. I got up and moved around. I sat back down. I paced. I couldn’t seem to decide what to do with myself.
An hour passed, no news. Two hours, I still knew nothing. Three hours, frustration from being stuck in one place for so long filled me and struggled not to throw things.
~~~~~
Luke, the fake Leigha, Cece, and Wess sat in the room for hours that dragged on and on. Nothing happened at all. No scouts returned or sent messengers with news and, no Darks arrived.
After about six hours, Luke sighed and said, “I don’t think they’re coming now. We could just keep Leigha inside and make it so no one can see her for a few days. If nothing happens she can have her freedom.”
“That sounds like a plan,” said Claire, about to let her hold on the magic making her look like Leigha slip away when the window in the room shattered.
Dark Siders spilled into the room, immediately going after Claire. Luke interrupted a few with his knives as a swirling column of water surrounded Claire, holding the Dark Siders who got past Luke at bay. Once they realized they weren’t getting past Wess’ column of water, the Darks headed for Luke, Wess, and Cece. As they approached, a strong wind hit them from Cece, forcing them back while Luke took two more down with his knives.
Suddenly, Cece screamed and collapsed onto the ground. The wind she’d been using against three Dark Siders subsided and they rushed at Luke and Wess. Luke whipped out his sword, and, in that same motion, beheaded one of the Dark Siders before going after the other two. Once he’d taken care of them, he turned to Cece’s crumpled form.
“Cece, are you okay?” he asked, bending down and turning her to examine the damage. Her neck was broken.
“Do you like my trick?” asked a man standing in the window. “Stop,” he said to the two Dark Siders left in the room advancing on Luke and Wess. “She’s not here.”
The two stopped, looking back at the man.
“So, Luke and Wess… Oh, Wess, do you mind taking down the barrier? I’d like a word with Claire, too.”
Wess slowly lowered the arm holding up the column and the water subsided, leaving Claire, still disguised as Leigha, exposed. As soon as she realized there were still Dark Siders in the room, she rushed to the protection of Luke and Wess.
“I want Leigha,” the man said, stepping all the way into the room. “But you must already know that. You don’t have to give her to me, I’ll do that on my own one day, but this is a warning.” He looked at Luke and said, “I will take her someday, after she is Bound, to you no doubt, but before she has her first child and the best part is you’ll never know.”
~~~~~
Something was wrong, I could feel it. As soon as the feeling hit me every guard in the room passed out. I flew from Allie’s side to the Care Room and found chaos. Luke, Wess, and Claire stood with their backs ot me, Dark Siders lay dead everywhere, and Cece…Cece was gone, dead, too. I clenched my jaw and looked up, my eyes meeting a man’s I’d never seen. He smiled at me, a smile that sent chills over my skin and made me grind my teeth more.
“And there she is,” he said, smiling wider. “You will be mine, Leigha,” he told me, then disappeared into thin air.
Power exploded from me, knocking the two living Dark Siders in the room off their feet, dead. As my power surged through the room, I felt the remnants of the strange man’s power. It was like nothing I’d ever felt before and I stumbled back, clutching my throbbing head. The essence of the man’s power burned like fire, but something in me wanted to touch it again.
“I swear, if you ever refuse to let me fight again...” I trailed off  as Luke, Wess, and Claire turned, all of them with worn, worried looks on their faces.
“Let’s go,” Claire said quietly, probably to get away from Cece.
“We weren’t refusing to let you fight,” Luke said gently, steering me out with a hand on my back. “We just needed something to lure them in that wasn’t you, so you could stay out of immediate trouble for once. We hoped when Claire changed back into herself she would be less important and they would abandon their efforts with her.”
“I still think you should’ve let me stay,” I said, crossing my arms, “Claire could’ve gotten hurt and I’d rather have been the one doing that.” If I’d have stayed Cece would still be alive, was what I didn’t say.
“I don’t care. I won’t and I wouldn’t have let you. I would’ve done it instead.”
I sighed, knowing I would lose this fight. Everyone would side against me despite what had happened.
“I’m sorry,” Luke said, stepping towards me.
I breathed in the scent of him deeply: earth and leather. I shook my head, “It’s fine, I get it.”
He tugged on a strand of my hair, rapping it around his finger, “You don’t sound like it.” His eyes were dark and sad with the weight of Cece’s death.
I forced a smile. “I swear, I understand. I have to be able to lead and fight, but since I’m a danger magnet I also have to be held on a tight leash. Either way, it still shouldn’t be Claire’s job to take my place.” Especially when she can’t protect you.
“I know, I tried to convince her not to. She was insistent. Apparently, she feels like she owes you?”
“Dang it,” I muttered. She thought she owed me for trying to protect her when we were getting arrested and then for getting them out of prison.
When Luke realized I didn’t plan on explaining he leaned down and kissed me, the kind of kiss that was to make sure I was still real. He pulled away and I looked at Claire.
She smiled weakly, “I owe you, you owe me.”
“That rule doesn’t apply, Claire,” I growled. “This isn’t some never ending cycle where you can just risk your life for me!”
“Leigha,” Luke said softly.
I nodded and looked back at him, “Can I go back to my room, now?”
He smiled, “Just so you know, no opening windows and all the glass is one way now. You can see out, but no one outside can see in.”
“I don’t care. I just want to move.”
Claire put her hands on her hips, falling back into herself. “Well, you can move inside the shrine. Don’t leave, Leigha.”
I rolled my eyes, “Okay.”
I walked out and headed to my room. All of them were idiots. Did they really think I wouldn’t leave?
I changed into my normal clothes: a t-shirt, jeans, and my combat boots. The knife I normally hid in them wasn’t in it’s sheath, but I found it on my bathroom counter. I slipped it into my boot and walked out.
There was no way I was staying cooped up inside the building. I’d already been inside way too long. I knew there was an empty room with floor to ceiling French doors that opened into the empty air on one wall. I found it and went in, closing the door to the room behind me 
I walked over to the door and found a rock to prop open one of the double doors. I opened it and stepped onto the large ledge outside. I set the rock down and closed the door on it, so I could get back in.
I spread my wings and leapt. I looked back over my shoulder once. Luke hadn’t lied. The windows looked black from the outside. I kept flying, but had only gotten about half a mile away when I heard Luke’s voice.
“Leigha!” He cried and I cursed to myself.
I turned back, sighing when I got to where he was hovering, waiting for me, “My wings were sore and I needed to fly. A few minutes was all I needed.”
“I wish you would’ve told someone, preferably me.”
“You know why I didn’t, you wouldn’t have let me go,” I snapped back.
“You’re right, which is exactly why I wish you would’ve told.”
I noticed the door I had left through was standing wide open. Luke wouldn’t be that careless, would he?
“You left-,” I began, but cut off when I noticed Claire and Wess standing in the doorway. I was in trouble now, “Never mind.”
“Left what?” he asked.
“I didn’t notice Claire and Wess when I saw the door.”
We landed in the doorway and Luke grabbed my arm to steady me as I tipped slightly.
“You really did need some movement,” he said, smiling. Good to know one person wouldn’t be mad at me.
I smiled back, “Told you.”
“Leigha,” Claire said angrily.
“I know, I know. I’ve already been through it with Luke.”
“No, I don’t think you have. He probably let it go. You should not have done that, Leigha. What were you thinking?”
“You know exactly what I was thinking!” I snapped back. “I can take care of myself, you know! I’m a big girl!”
 “You shouldn’t have,” she repeated.
“I had to. You know how it is for me. Being inside was just to...to,” I left my sentence unfinished without a word to finish it.
“There are open rooms, Leigha.”
“Really, Claire! You’ve lived with me your whole life and we’re sisters and you still said that?”
“It was worth a try,” she muttered.
I rolled my eyes.
“But, what if they saw you?” she still wasn’t finished with me.
“Well, they already know where we are. Where I am. And, like I said, I can take care of myself!”
“What if they were waiting for you?” Luke asked.
“I would’ve killed them,” I replied.
“What if they killed you?” Wess tried to help.
Claire and I both gave him, “Really?” looks. I mean, that was just not me. I’d never let death stop me before. Of course, I’d never been dead.
Chapter Twenty
I was watched a bit more carefully after I snuck out. The only time I was left alone was when I was changing or bathing. I still craved the outdoors, though, so I figured out a plan.
I decided to “take a bath.” Claire left, trusting I was being true to my word. After she was long gone I got dressed in my regular clothes. I slipped silently out of my room and began making my way to the room I had used to get out before. I had almost reached the room when I ran into Luke.
“Leigha,” he sighed, knowing I was up to something, “What are you doing?”
“Flying,” I replied happily.
“I don’t believe you.”
“Well, I’m not lying, so...”
“So, you’re twisting your words. Where were you planning on flying?”
I laughed, “Wow, you’re getting good at this.”
“Leigha, where were you planning on flying?”
I became serious, “The Open Rooms.”
“Why did you go in the opposite direction, then?”
“Crap,” I muttered, “I was... I was,” I said as I tried to come up with an excuse.
“You were going outside.” It wasn’t a question.
“I was, but I’m not anymore, seeing as I got caught.”
He sighed and began to say something, but my hand caught his attention, “Why aren’t you wearing the ring?”
I rolled my eyes, “You could figure out I was going outside to fly, but not why I took the ring off? It could’ve fallen off,” I pulled out the necklace that now held the ring and my Light Stone, “Plus, it’s on this necklace, so I didn’t take it off.”
He smiled and leaned in to kiss me. I pulled away, shaking with fear, eyes wide with worry.
“Luke,” I whispered, “I know where their base is.” I grabbed his arm to keep myself stable, “Do you remember, before I was in the Hold, what I did after I came to your room around midnight?”
Luke’s face went dark and he nodded, “After Joseph.”
“Yes, I jumped out of a window, remember? Well, I flew a bit and found this meadow. There were all these flowers and there was a rose, an Light Stone rose. My mother’s symbol. It was the last of her. That was where she died and she died at their base.”
“At least we know where it is!” He exclaimed, “We should plan an attack soon, since it’s so close.”
I nodded, but something was bothering me. “But, Luke, when I was there why didn’t they attack?”
He shook his head, “I don’t know.”
I sighed, “I want to know.”
Luke pulled me into his arms, “I’m just glad you’re safe.”
I shook my head, “I’ll never be safe.”
“I promise, Leigha, someday you will be.”
We stood there in his arms for about a minute and then Alex came racing up.
“Leigha, Leigha,” she said, jumping up and down, “Can I see it? Please!”
“What?” I asked.
She rolled her eyes, “Your ring.”
“Oh,” I said. I held it out to her on the chain, “It’s not some huge deal, Alex.”
She just smiled at me and said, “Alright, I’ll leave you two alone. I’ve gotta get back to Claire.”
Luke looked down at me, “If you want me to get another…”
“No, I like it simple.”
~~~~~
Claire was uncomfortable. Wess made her feel that way because she was still confused about him. He had come after Alex had left to find Leigha and see her ring.
“Is someone with Leigha?” Wess asked, standing in the doorway.
“Luke is, I think,” She replied.
“Look, Claire, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that, kissed you like that, I mean.”
Claire looked down at her hands, letting her blonde hair fall in her face so he couldn’t see her confusion.
“Please, Claire. At least tell me to leave.”
She shook her head, “I’m not mad at you. I’m just…confused.”
“I get it, it’s okay,” he turned to leave.
“Wess,” she stood.
He turned around quickly. “Yes?”
“Don’t go, please. I’m sorry.”
“Claire, I told you it’s fine. It was my fault.”
She shook her head again, “No, it wasn’t.”
He walked back over to her, “I never meant to upset you.”
“You didn’t, I wanted you to do that. I just…,” she blushed. “I don’t know what to feel.”
“You think too much,” Wess said and then he leaned down and kissed her just as Alex was walking in.
“Um, Claire? I hate to interrupt, but...,” Alex said.
Wess pulled away. “Yes, Alex?” Calire asked, her cheeks turning redder.
“I still have to go get Marie and Cece, but I saw the ring, so we can start.”
“Alex…” Claire began gently, the color in her cheeks draining away. “When I was standing in for Leigha we were attacked and-”
“Did Cece end up in the Care Rooms again?” Alex interrupted.
“No, Alex, Cece was…she died, Alex,” Claire told her, her voice choking up.
Alex’s hand flew up to cover her mouth as tears spilled out. She ducked her head, trying to force the tears back. “Let’s just start, okay?” she whispered.
“Start what?” Wess asked Claire softly.
“We’re planning the Binding ceremony. Don’t tell Leigha because she’ll stop us,” Claire said distantly, more concerned with how Alex was handling things.
“Oh, I’ll leave, then,” Wess said. “I think you should sort this out alone.”
~~~~~
“Do you have to be here all the time?” I complained, dropping into a chair.
“Wess can watch you instead, if that’s what you want,” Luke said, standing up.
I sighed, “No, but what about Claire or Alex or Cece or Marie?”
“They’re busy. I get it, you just don’t want me here,” he joked, sitting back down on the couch.
“No! I just don’t like being guarded, by you or anyone else.”
“I could go stand outside like guards in movies.”
I rolled my eyes, “You’d still be guarding me.”
“Well, if you wouldn’t keep trying to get out…”
“I know, you’ve told me enough times already.”
“I won’t let you get hurt, Leigha.”
“I won’t get hurt. You have to trust me! I can take care of myself!”
“You might.”
“I told you, I can protect myself!” I got up and walked over to him.
“I can’t let you get hurt again. I know you’re strong enough, but.. Leigha, I hated seeing you like that.”
I sat down next to him. “It was my fault, Luke. I’m sorry,” I whispered.
“Stop apologizing.”
I looked up at him, “You shouldn’t forgive me for what I did. I was so horrible.”
“I have to forgive you, Leigha. I’ll always have to because I love you.”
I smiled, pulled his face to mine, and kissed him softly. I dropped my hands back to my lap, but his face stayed inches from mine.
“But you shouldn’t.”
“Love you or forgive you?”
“Both,” I breathed.
“Why?”
I looked at him intently, “What if I got hurt? I mean, what if I got hurt worse, Luke? What are you going to do?”
“There isn’t a ‘what if?’ I won’t let you get hurt, period.”
He pulled me too him and held me against him. I almost started to cry, but I gulped down my tears and just let him hold me.
“Leigha, tell me what’s wrong,” he said, holding me at arm’s length.
“I...well, you know how I have more power than most fairies?” I took a deep breath, “I have a secret one. I’ve had it most of my life, almost as long as I can remember. It’s a secret no one’s ever known about, not even my mother knew. I...I see the future.”
“Why haven’t you told?” He asked.
“I didn’t want people to try to make me see things. It’s all random. I can’t choose what I see. That’s not the point, though.”
Luke’s hands were on my shoulders and I though he was going to start shaking me in his urgency. “What did you see?”
“You have to understand that it’s only a small clip. I don’t see much, just enough for me to understand what happens. I don’t know how it happened or when it will happen, but...I-I saw myself... Luke, I’m going to die. Soon.”
“No!” he cried, standing angrily. “You saw wrong.”
“I’ve never seen wrong, Luke,” I said calmly.
“I won’t let this happen, not so soon. I’ll stop it.”
“It’ll happen anyway, no matter what you do. Don’t try to change it and get yourself killed in the process.”
He pulled me to my feet and hugged me again, “You can’t leave me,” he said into my hair, “Please, not yet.”
~~~~~
Somehow, I’d ended up in my bed. Maybe I’d fallen asleep on Luke and he moved me to my bed. I heard Claire and Alex whispering on the floor and propped myself up on my elbows.
“Good morning, Leigha,” Claire said.
Alex jumped up, “Guess what!”
“What?”
“Alex,” Claire warned, but Alex ignored her and charge ahead.
“Your Binding’s tomorrow!” Alex exclaimed. She was so excited I thought she would burst.
I tried to glare at them, but I couldn’t hold back my smile.
“I told you she’d be happy,” Alex turned to Claire, hands on her hips.
Marie popped up from behind a chair, “I agreed!”
Claire rolled her eyes, “You two knew we had to be careful.” She turned to me, “We didn’t want you to say no.”
“That was a good idea then,” I said, “But how long have you been planning this?”
Claire looked uncomfortable and Alex piped up, “Claire and I have been planning since we first came here.”
I shook my head and Claire blushed.
Suddenly, we heard a huge bang. Everyone jumped up and started rushing toward the door. Right before we reached it, it swung open. Luke stood in the doorway.
I opened my mouth to speak, a protest forming on my lips, but Luke read my mind.
“No, you can’t go out. Not yet, but soon.”
“Why not? Give me one good reason,” I crossed my arms.
“You could die,” Luke and Claire said at the same time, but Luke had a more intent look on his face.
The second after they said that I felt a knife scrape my throat.
A low, girlish growl of a voice said, “She doesn’t need to go out there to die, now, does she?”
Chapter Twenty-One
I had a plan in seconds. I would whip around, grab her, and take the knife. Right as I started to turn she dropped the knife into my shoulder and pushed it in. It broke through my skin and scraped across my shoulder bone.
I gasped and bit my lip until I tasted blood to keep from crying out.
“Let me take her or I’ll get her wings good, too,” Marie said.
“No,” Luke growled, stepping towards us.
With her other hand Marie forced my wings open while she ripped the knife out of my shoulder.
Luke stopped moving and said, “Don’t you dare hurt her.”
“Marie?” Alex said, all innocence. “Why are you doing this?”
Alex had caught Marie off guard by the statement and Marie turned her attention to Alex. Marie pulled the knife away from me slightly and I took my chance. I pounced on her, pushing her to the ground. I pulled the knife from her hands and threw it to the ground out of her reach. Someone rushed over to grab it as I pulled Marie to her feet. I yanked her hands behind her back and locked her in my linen closet.
“Leigha, your shoulder!” Claire said.
“Shouldn’t it be healing?” I asked, but I knew it wasn’t from the pain.
Claire and Luke exchanged uncomfortable glances.
“Leigha,” Luke took my hand, “That chip that was in you has damaged some of your powers. One or two of them are now gone, making you like a human in those ways.”
I pulled my hand away in disbelief, “Which ones?”
“The healing and some other thing that we’ve yet to figure out,” Claire replied.
“Everything else is fine?”
“Other than that one other thing, if there is another, everything else is fine,” Luke confirmed.
Claire went searching for bandages and wrapped up my shoulder. Once she was done I walked into my closet and found my armor.
“Claire,” I called, “Come help me into this.”
I got into the armor and I morphed into my Light Form. We had to go to the armory to get everyone else’s armor and most of our weapons, but I already kept some with me, as did Luke. We liked to be prepared.
I walked out in front of Claire. “Let this war begin,” I muttered.
~~~~~
Once the four of us were ready we started toward the sound. It wasn’t far from the armory, so it didn’t take us long. Marie was the only thing that had slowed us down. On our way we’d found someone who could take her to the dungeon and that left me with one less thing to worry about.
When we arrived at the scene I couldn’t see anything because of all the Lights. We squeezed our way up to the front.
“What happened?” I called to a random Light.
“They broke through the force field,” he replied.
“Oh, no,” I muttered.
I looked at Luke and could tell he’d been listening. I nodded to him and looked up at the sky. A storm was coming. The wind whipped lose strands of my hair into my face, despite the fact that I’d tied it in a braid. I thought for a moment and an idea came to me, an idea that everyone would hate. It was worth a shot, though.
I struggled back through the crowd and ran to my room. I pulled out a dress very much like the one I’d worn to my coronation. It was close fitting until the waist where it loosened, allowing room to move. The pattern covering the dress was the same as my coronation one. One strap held the dress up on my shoulder, which was different from my other one, and there was a silver lining along the hem.
I pulled the silver hem between my fingers and whispered, “My silver lining.”
I pulled on the dress hastily and slipped on silver flats. I unbraided my hair and let it flow freely over my shoulders and down my back. The dress showed that I was unarmed and would have difficulty in hand to hand combat, perfect for my plan.
I pressed my hand to a window and made it disappear, then flew out, into the storm. I found the Dark army and searched for the First Obliviator. When I’d found him I landed in front of him.
“I have a deal to make with you,” I said, not bothering with any sort of formality.
“Oh, really?” He asked suspiciously.
“Yes. Do you want to hear it?”
“Is there a benefit for me?” the Obliviator retorted.
“A very big one.”
“Go on, precious.”
Bumps rose on my skin when he called me that and I shivered in disgust before speaking. “If you leave the shrine alone for four days, I will go with you. You can put me in a Hold and you won’t have to worry about the most powerful of the Lights being able to fight you.” The Obliviator had started to smile when I said, “But, in four days, when you attack, you have to take me back with you and set me free. You have to set me free.”
“What’s in it for you?” asked the First Obliviator, laughing now.
“My army has time to prepare. You must allow me to warn them, though.”
“Fine,” he replied, snickering.
“You have to remember that you have to set me free, let me go back to my army.”
“Agreed,” he said with a laugh. He thought I would kill my own army due to effects of the Hold.
I flew back to where all of the Lights were wearily watching the Darks approach. I told the first person what I was doing and told them to spread it. They probably thought I was crazy, I thought I was crazy. I just had to hoped my plan would work.
When I reached the First Obliviator again he waved a hand. Two Darks flanked me and forced my arms behind my back, tying them together. The look on the Obliviator’s face said he knew the Creatures of the Light were going to lose because of me. He thought I would be the downfall of my own kind, and he could be right.
~~~~~
I was put into a Hold at the Dark’s headquarters. I carefully made sure that the First Obliviator’s face was the last one I saw and I struggled to think only about him. I felt the urge come over me after very little time in the Hold. I had to kill him for what he had done.
~~~~~
The four days finally passed. I never saw the First Obliviator again after I was taken out, but that was good. If I saw him I would be uncontrollable; I would be even worse than people normally were after being in a Hold. Two Darks, I had no idea what kind, took me to a place in the woods. I was set free the day the attack would begin, the Dark Siders thinking my hatred from the Hold would make me destroy my own people.
I wandered around until I found the Light army. I flew up and over their heads until I saw Luke, so I could land in front of him. The second he saw me he began to back away, unsheathing a sword and holding it tightly in front of him.
“Luke!” I said.
I ran toward him and hugged him in relief. My plan had worked perfectly. The only person I would have a Hold-altered reaction to was the First Obliviator.
“You-you’re okay,” he stuttered.
I pulled back. “I figured out how to mess with the Hold effects. The only person that’s affected in my head is the First Obliviator.”
Luke was still trying to push me away from him, trying to keep the distance between us.
“I swear, Luke. Here’s the thing, though, I can’t be in front. I should be near the middle, so the plan can keep working. Once I see him they’ll know I cracked the Hold. I’ll only want him to pay. The only thing on my mind will be to get rid of him,” I said, shaking Luke’s hands away from me.
“Do you have time to change into your armor?” Luke asked, eyeing my gown.
I looked down, “No, I can fight in this. I’ll just suffer more injury, but because of the Hold I’ll have more strength than I know I possess.”
“What, are you gonna be the Light of Death?”
I smirked, “Maybe so.”
He rolled his eyes, “Are you going to go completely crazy when you see him?”
“My mind and body will be set to kill. I’ll lose touch with everything else. I won’t notice pain or other people until he’s out of my reach.”
“Well, that’s nice,” Luke muttered.
~~~~~
Neither armies waited long to attack. We had just begun moving forward when their army appeared. Their goal would definitely be to send as many Lights as possible into comatasis and kill them all later. For us, on the other hand, it was much easier. Darks could die without any special help.
As I thought about how simple it would be to kill the Darks and win the war I heard a horn. It was sounded for the archers. They sent arrows, blazing with white fire, across the field into the Dark’s army. The Dark army sent ones blazing of black fire. Fires broke out throughout both armies. Lights began using magic to try to tame the fires, but Dark fires took a lot of power to tame. Lucky for us, the Darks were having more trouble than we were.
We continued our way forward, demolishing fires as we went. The archers from both armies kept firing arrows, but at this point we were getting too close for that. I waited what seemed like forever as our armies got closer and closer together, but, finally, they collided. I heard it happen as the sound of swords clashing replaced that of arrows sailing through the air.
Our armies became more and more mixed, but I was pretty far to the back. People were fighting now, while others continued to make their way forwards. Eventually, the Darks came to my point. I fought quickly, gliding forward, my real focus not on the battle, but on finding my target. Then, I saw him.
I pushed myself off the ground, into the sky. Every thought left me except for my need to make him pay for everything he’d ever done.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Luke knew she’d seen the First Obliviator. She was filled with grace and power as she flew into the sky. The whole scene was beautiful. The setting sun set her hair on fire and made her look as if she was glowing. Her dress swirled around her and her hair formed a halo around her head. The sheathed knife in her back reflected the light in a blinding manner. She was hard to look at, but both armies stopped and stared at her.
“Leigha!” he screamed, knowing it was useless.
Not hearing him, she tucked her wings in and shot down towards the First Obliviator, head first. A few feet before the ground she shot out her wings and did a front flip. Leigha landed gently on the ground in front of the First Obliviator.
Luke was close enough to watch it all. Leigha stared at the First Obliviator with fiery rage while he smirked back at her. Leigha lifted her arms and flicked her wrists, bringing knives into her hands.
Luke was lost watching them and didn’t notice a Dark Sider coming up behind him.
“Luke!” Alex cried, grabbing his attention.
He whipped around, holding his sword out. The Dark Sider’s head was sliced off in the motion. Sweat dripped down his face and he whipped back into combat with a cop ‘bot, forgetting about watching Leigha.
~~~~~
Once I saw the First Obliviator everything became a blur of motion and glinting knives. I’d fought him once before in hand to hand combat, but this was different. This was a fight to the death with a lot more powerful weapons.
We were almost evenly matched. I knew some of his weak points and he knew some of mine and he was able to put up a block in his mind, disabling my power against him. Something in me knew that somehow he was getting through my defenses, though I wasn’t registering the pain.
The First Obliviator may have been getting through, but so was I. The battle faded away around me, maybe it was ending, maybe I was just that focused. I stabbed at him with my knife and made a near fatal mistake of dropping one. I slammed a kick in his face while I unsheathed the sword on my back. After more fighting I hit him with the side of the sword right at his temple.
The second it happened I noticed Luke racing toward me. I’d knocked the First Obliviator unconscious. I collapsed to the ground and Luke grabbed the Obliviator.
“Stay here,” he panted.
Once Rob was out of my sight the pain crept in. I put my hand on my ribs and felt a sticky, warm liquid, which I immediately identified as blood. I looked down at my left leg, the reason for my collapse; I’d been cut to the bone. I looked back to my ribs on my right side. There were three gashes, all bleeding freely and bruising already showing. Along with another gash on my right arm, I could feel blood coming from a deep cut on the left side of my face and another across the back of my neck. It took me another moment to notice the horrible pain in my stomach. When I looked I found blood from a wound there had completely soaked through the front of my dress. The First Obliviator had stabbed me deep, almost all the way through, enough to kill me easily had I been human.
Scarlet began to rim my vision and I heard someone walk up behind me.
“Luke?” I croaked.
Someone grabbed my hands and twisted them behind me. I moaned in pain and struggled against passing out. Right before I gave up the fight I heard Claire’s voice.
She’d screamed my name.
I’d been captured.
~~~~~
I was shaken back to consciousness. We were still in the field, but most of both armies were gone. A few Darks remained for some reason, along with all of the injured Lights and the medical staff.
Wess and a few others were standing a few feet away, holding a passed out First Obliviator. Other faces were crowded around me, but I ignored them.
I leapt towards the First Obliviator and was close, so close, my hands almost grabbing his throat. Warm arms pulled me away and brought me gently to the ground; that’s when I realized how cold I was. Faces blocked my view of the First Obliviator and I relaxed a tiny bit.
I started to lose consciousness again.
“Leigha, you can’t kill him yet,” Claire’s gentle voice said, “We need the information he has.”
“He deserves to die,” I struggled to talk.
“I know he does, Leigha. He will, but now’s not the time.”
“He deserves to die now!” I felt the pain and tugged against unconsciousness.
“Leigha, please!” Claire had lost her calm and she forced me to look in her eyes, “Leigha, you’re...”
I felt myself starting to fall, but it was different from unconsciousness. I didn’t fight this. It was a smooth feeling and I thought I would stay in it forever, but I heard voices.
“Leigha, Leigha, can you hear me?” Claire asked frantically.
Multiple voices said, screamed and whispered my name. They were all around me. Why couldn’t they just let me sleep? I tried to block out the noise and welcomed the falling, the smooth blackness and the distant light. I surrounded myself in it and fell and fell and fell. The peacefulness was nice.
I’ve never felt so much peace, I thought, It’s almost like I’m dying.
One more noise pulled me out, one more voice, “Leigha, keep fighting. I need you. Lighteighanne, I love you.”
Right before I completely let the blackness take hold of me something popped into my mind. It was from my prophecy, “One much more dangerous than the rest.”
~~~~~
I woke up in my room, my bed. Bright, midday light shone through the windows and made me squint. I looked down at myself; I was completely covered in bandages. Well, not completely, but everything hurt.
Crutches were leaning against my bed, but I didn’t trust myself enough to use them even though I wanted to see what my face looked like. I lifted my head and looked around my bed for anything that could serve as a mirror. There was a small, handheld one sitting on my bed side table. I picked it up gingerly, being careful not to shake myself up too much.
My hair was matted with dry blood, leaves, and dirt. My eyes were bloodshot and one had a bruise surrounding it. On the opposite side of my face there was a bandage. It started at my chin, stopped at my mouth, then started up again until it reached my eye where it stopped again, then started on the other side until it reached my hairline. My eye and mouth were a little distorted where the cut was on either side and I knew it would scar and stay like that. I looked terrible.
I set the mirror down and collapsed back into my pillows. I started to drift back into my dreamless sleep. Then, I heard someone quietly open the door.
“Leigha?” I heard Alex’s small voice ask hopefully.
I opened my eyes and tried to say her name. My throat was dry and my voice hoarse from lack of use and all that came out was a little squeak.
When Alex saw me open my eyes, though, she jumped up and ran to my side, “Leigha! You’re awake!”
“Yeah,” I managed, trying to smile.
Then, Claire burst into the room. The look on her face said something was up.
I tried to sit up a little, but Alex pushed me back down.
“Claire, not now,” she growled.
“Leigha, you would want to know now. If it were me, I would want to know. Trust me,” she said.
I didn’t say anything just looked from Alex to Claire to Alex and back again.
Claire sat on my bed next to me and took a deep breath, “Luke’s gone.”
“What?” I screamed before she could continue.
“Leigha,” Alex said, her eyes were soft.
I took a deep breath, “He-he’s not dead right?” I asked searching both of their eyes for answers.
“It’s all quite a story if you’d both let me tell it,” Claire said, “But, no, he’s not dead.”
“Start from where I passed out the first time.”
Claire sighed, “Right before you passed out, do you remember people coming up behind you and me screaming your name?”
I nodded slowly as the memory came back to me, “That wasn’t Luke was it?”
“It was two Darks that got you. They were going to take you and try to bargain you for the First Obliviator. Luke heard me scream your name and was looking for you immediately. He went to the Darks to try to bargain himself. I remember he said, ‘She’ll be of no use to you, she’s almost dead. Take me instead; it’s not just Leigha that cares about me.’ It didn’t take much to convince those idiot Darks. You two were traded.”
I was staring out the windows away from their faces, but I looked back at Claire, “How was I almost dead? How is that possible?” My voice was barely audible, but Claire heard me.
“Leigha...that was your other lost power. You won’t die as easily as a human, but you’ll still die.”
When I said nothing she asked, “On with the story?”
I nodded mutely.
“When we got you to wake up we tried to make you stay awake. You could’ve gone into comatasis; thankfully you didn’t. While you were awake Luke was able to say his last words to you. He said them right before you...before you died.
“We don’t know what happened. After he said it, after he left, your whole body started to glow. You rose off the ground. Everything seemed to go absolutely silent. Then, you gasped. Gasped as in you were breathing again. Somehow, you survived.”
I looked back at her again, “I-I died?”
“Yes, for a few minutes you were dead.”
Chapter Twenty-Three
I stared at Claire in silent shock; my mouth opened into an O. I had died. I had died. And Luke, Luke had given himself to the Darks for me. Luke, I had to save Luke because it had been him that had saved him. Without him, I would be dead. He’d said my name. Somehow, somehow he’d known, when no one else did, that he had to say my name. I gasped and closed my mouth as a plan came to me.
“Leigha,” Claire said, putting her hand gently on my arm.
“I have to go,” I breathed, struggling to get up.
“No,” Claire pushed me back with gentle firmness. “Whatever insane, wild plan you have that no one will approve of can at least wait until you’re fully healed and healthy.”
“So, does that mean I’m allowed to go?”
“I wouldn’t be able to stop you anyway,” she replied, put her hands on her hips.
I smiled and gestured to myself, “How long will it take to get back to normal?”
Claire put a finger against her chin thoughtfully, “We’ve figured out your healing rate; it’s faster than a human’s, but slower than an Light’s, so somewhere in the middle there. I would say you have about four more weeks before I’ll let you leave.”
Four weeks with nothing to do. No flying, no hand-to-hand combat, no sword practice, no nothing. Four weeks Luke would have to spend in jail having who knows what done to him.
“What am I supposed to do?” I cried.
“Well, for now, we can get you cleaned up a bit. You won’t be able to take a bath, but we can wash your hair. You really need that at least.
“After that we’ll find more for you to do. In a week or two you’ll be able to move about on crutches. There’s probably tons for you to do, but we’ve been so focused on making you better that we’ve paid the rest no attention.”
“Yeah, let’s wash my hair,” I said, pulling a strand of my hair in front of my face.
“I’ll be right back,” Alex said as she darted out of the room.
I’d almost forgotten she was there. I struggled to remember her being there through the conversation. I couldn’t remember at all. I wondered if there was something wrong with me or if it was just my being so focused and her being so quiet.
Alex came back with Wess and two other guys I didn’t know. Claire, Wess, and the two men lifted me and carried me into the bathroom. Wess and the guys with him left when I was balanced between Claire and Alex.
Claire turned the water on and made sure it was warm. She pulled out the hose with the shower head on it and Alex held me up while I flipped my head over above the tub. Water ran in my eyes as it soaked through my hair. They massaged shampoo into my hair and I squeezed my eyes shut as they rinsed it. Then, they used conditioner to aid them in tugging out all the knots, leaves, and blood.
When they finished I flipped my head back over and worked out the kinks in my neck. I pulled my hair over one shoulder and ran my fingers through it.
“It’s cleaner,” I said slowly.
“What?” Claire sighed.
“Can you cut it?”
“How short?” Claire said uneasily.
I gestured to my shoulder.
“Alex, could you...?” Claire said and Alex darted back out of the room. Claire turned back to me, “Are you sure?”
I nodded. “It’ll still be long when I’m in Light form. I just don’t want it to be so long...”
Alex came back with Wess and Claire gestured them over. “Let’s help her sit up on the edge of the tub,” she said, sighing.
Alex and Wess picked me up and set me on the edge. I leaned my head back so my hair hung away from me. Although Claire would cut it with magic the hair would still fall.
Claire hesitated, “Why?”
“I already told you. Plus, if something else happens it won’t be in the way.”
“But it’ll still be long in Light form...”
I waved my hand, “Please.”
My eyelids were starting to droop. I was exhausted. Claire saw that and quickly performed the magic. I felt my hair drop and my head become lighter.
When Claire was finished they helped me back into bed and I fell asleep instantly.
~~~~~
The Second Obliviator paced his office unhappily. He was in charge, but he was no where near as smart or strong as the First. He knew they would come for Luke because he was the king. He had to rule now that their queen was dead. Then, he could trade Luke for the First Obliviator. He drummed his fingers against the desk wondering if they had come up with a temporary ruler. Probably not. The Light girl would know.
~~~~~
I shot up in my bed, or tried to without hurting myself. I’d remembered my dream and the whole thing. Now, I had everything that had happened, not just little fragments and an idea of what it was about. I was having dreams about the enemy.
Over the next few days as I healed I remembered. A week and a half after I first woke I was well enough to move around on crutches. I decided to pay a visit to the dungeon.
I struggled on the steps, but managed to make my way quietly. I stood patiently, balanced between my crutches until Joseph and Ellie noticed me. Both of them stared at me with an amused expression on their faces.
“Enjoying each others company?” I asked.
“Enjoying your long lasting injuries?” Ellie snapped back.
I scowled, “Missing things that aren’t yours to miss?”
She scoffed, “I just did that for my enjoyment and your jealousy. I hope you enjoy my leftovers.”
“Would you prefer Abaddon or death?”
Joseph groaned, “Ladies, ladies, can’t this fight wait for another time?”
“Yes, because I have a few questions for you, Joseph,” I replied, directing my attention to him.
“Oh really?”
“Yes. Number one: why were you working for them?”
“We both were.”
“We?”
“Me and Marie.”
“But, why?”
“Because of Luke. Well, that’s why Marie changed at least.”
“If I wanted to know that I would’ve asked her. I asked you.”
“Because you didn’t come after me when I left.”
“Liar,” I replied, crossing my arms. “You were already Dark when you left.”
“Smart girl,” he smirked. “I didn’t like the way the Creatures of the Light ran things, too concerned with saving the humans after you destroyed the Dark Siders. The Darks won’t be pushed down by humans, they’ll enslave them, put them in their right place.”
I scoffed, “Stupid reason. Did you manage to make contact with them while you were here?”
“No, I learned from her mistakes,” he said, jabbing a thumb in Ellie’s direction, “so instead I led the First Obliviator here.”
“We’ll hold a trial for the both of you soon,” I said, turning towards Marie’s cell. I would’ve gone for the First Obliviator, but he was kept somewhere else and I was told under any circumstances that I was not to see him.
“Luke’ll vote that I stay,” Ellie taunted.
My body went rigid, “He won’t have a say anyway.”
Forgetting Marie, I made my way slowly, but carefully up the stairs. I had the plans for their trials figured out in my head by the time I’d reached the top. Now I had something to do until I could leave.
When I’d reached the top I almost tried to call out to Claire with telepathy, but I wanted to take advantage of being able to move around. I brought myself to Claire’s room and knocked. She opened it immediately.
“What’s up?” she asked, standing aside to let me in. She shut the door behind me.
“Can you set the dates for Ellie’s, Marie’s, and Joseph’s trials? I’d like to get them over with now. Tomorrow would be nice.”
“Of course. So, you talked to them?”
“Yeah, but most of it was what we’d guessed anyways. Nothing special. I don’t think there’s anything we need to know.”
“Are you ever going to tell me about your plan to rescue Luke?”
“No,” I said with a smile, “you’ll try to stop me.”
She looked down at my hand, “You should be Bound to him by now,” she whispered softly.
I hid the ring from her behind my back, “It’s,” okay, I began to say, but was interrupted.
Claire and I looked up expectantly at Wess.
“Hey Leigha,” Wess said with genuine surprise, “Glad to see you moving.”
“I would be flying to if it weren’t for your girlfriend,” I said, elbowing Claire and smiling.
“It’s for your own good,” Claire said, but she was smiling, too.
“Well, I’ll leave you two alone,” I said, heading for the door.
“It’s fine. You can stay. This isn’t terribly important; it can wait until the two of you are done,” Wess said.
“No, I need more rest anyway. Still healing, you know,” I said and used my crutches to help me out the door.
As I closed the door behind me I heard Wess say something to Claire. She laughed and I was jealous. They had each other like I once had Luke.
When I got back to my room I collapsed into sleep and that was how I spent the rest of my day and night. Moving had been irregular and tiring for me because of the energy it took to heal and the long time I’d spent in bed.
Chapter Twenty-Four
Three days later I was helped into a pale pink gown to wear to the trials. Once I was ready I opened a portal and Claire, Alex, and I stepped through it to Light Land.
Ben was waiting for us on the other side when we arrived. He escorted us to the Court Room where the trials would take place.
Cece and Claire helped me into my seat that was front and center. Chairs went upwards at a slant in a half circle around the room. On the flat floor was a large chair with a bench on either side. The room was completely situated around the chair. In the middle center of the semi-circle was a rectangle that jutted out to accommodate the queen, king, and their two most trusted advisors. One of those chairs would be empty.
Claire and Alex took their seats on either side of me. We sat patiently and watched as the rest of the jury filed in around us. Once everyone was inside and seated Joseph was escorted in. The seat he would sit in was the one the room was built around. It was a special chair. It bound an Light’s magic and their Light form.
Joseph sat alone. He had no defendants to fill the benches on either side. He was on his own.
“We will now begin the trial,” I announced, “Anjosephallo has been charged of working for the Darks and showing them where the Light Shrine is.”
Claire stood beside me, “The options of punishment are death or a permanent ban to Abaddon,” she sat back down.
“The defender shall now tell of his alibi,” I said.
“I never admitted to showing the Darks the shrine. I never admitted to working for the Darks either. The only purpose for my visit at the Light Shrine was to visit Queen Leigha. I wanted to congratulate her for becoming queen,” Joseph said.
He had seemed to forget that I could summon my memories and let the whole jury see them. I snickered and waved my hand. A video-like playback of my last conversation shimmered in the air.
When it was over I said, “Proof of guilt. All who agree on the defendants guilt please stand.”
All but a few scattered people stood.
“Sit,” I commanded, “Anjosephallo is guilty. Escort him out, please.”
The room was silent except for the sound of Joseph and his guard’s footsteps as the exited the room.
“All who vote for the guilty to be put to death, please stand,” Claire said.
About half of the room stood.
“All who vote for the guilty to be banished to Abaddon, please stand.”
The remaining half stood. Claire, Alex, and I would have to decide how to punish him.
“Abaddon,” Alex whispered, “He deserves it.”
“We must all forget everything he’s done to us and our family personally. This is not punishment for those things because Lights do not count those things in the Law. He can only be punished for the things he’s been accused of,” I whispered to both of them.
“I vote for death,” Claire said decidedly.
I hesitated, “I’m not doing the same punishment for him and Marie. I don’t want to send Marie to Abaddon, either, so I say Abaddon,” I began to speak loudly again, “Anjosephallo is sentenced to wander through Abaddon forever.”
The punishments would be handed out the next day. I would only have to open the portal to Abaddon, not witness the deaths.
I sighed, “Bring Kailell out,” I said, speaking Ellie’s full name.
Ellie was escorted into the binding seat along with her defenders. The girls who had been with her the day she had threatened Allie filed into the benches on either side of her.
“We will now begin the trial. Kailell has been charged for threatening another Light, trying to contact Darks in the Light Shrine, and attempting to kill an Light princess.”
“The options of punishment are death or a permanent ban to Abaddon.”
“The defender shall now tell of her alibi.”
“Ellie was with us the night she tried to “kill” her,” one of Ellie’s minions said, jabbing a finger towards me, “Ellie never left our sides and we weren’t sleeping. We practiced hand-to-hand combat all night.”
It took more magic to summon older memories, so I had to concentrate harder. I closed my eyes and waved my hand. Mine and Ellie’s fight appeared. Once it was over it disintegrated and I opened my eyes. I was using too much magic to show the memories and not enough was going into my healing. My injuries were starting to hurt and I was tiring.
Ellie sighed, “I admit to that and threatening Alex,” Ellie held her hand up when her friends began to protest, “but you have no proof of what I was doing in the shrine that night. I was praying to Queen Leamathia that night.
Claire held the disc Ellie had tried to contact the Darks with high in the air, “Does anyone know what this is?”
A man stood up, “Those are what Darks use to keep in contact with each other.”
Heads nodded and murmurs went through the jury.
“He’s correct,” I said, silencing the conversations, “I found Ellie using this the night she tried to kill me. That’s why she attacked me.”
“You need proof,” Ellie spat and I knew she could see the exhaustion written on my face.
I closed my eyes and waved my hand. The memory was short, but every second seem to drag on as the pain and exhaustion got worse and worse. When it was over I opened, then closed my eyes back, swaying slightly although I was seated.
“Leigha, are you okay?” Claire asked.
I opened my eyes, “Yeah, I just-,” I began, but then I passed out.
~~~~~
Someone shook me awake. I was still on the floor of the Court Room, but Claire, Alex, a few guards, and I were the only ones there; everyone else had left so the trial was over.
“We decided on Abaddon. I thought that would be your choice, so we voted for you,” Alex said.
I nodded and searing pain shot through my head.
“Lay back down,” Claire said, “Your magic caused you to pass out. You were overworking yourself. The magic was trying to heal you while you conjured up those memories and it completely drained you. It was too much for you to handle.
I closed my eyes, “I just want to get these trials over with.”
“I rescheduled Marie’s for tomorrow,” Alex said, tucking her hair behind her ears, “You’ll be able to recover a bit before so you aren’t so exhausted after.
“Okay, thanks.”
Claire bent down and helped me onto my feet and then onto my crutches. She opened a portal right there and brought me straight back to my room. She and Alex half carried, half dragged me to my bed where I fell asleep immediately. Once again I slept most of the day.
~~~~~
Around eight o’clock that night Claire brought me a tray with soup on it. When she came in I realized I hadn’t eaten at all and I was starving. I gulped down the food so fast I didn’t taste it while Claire watched me quietly.
“Is something wrong?” I asked when I was finished, pushing the tray away.
“You’ll be healed soon,” she said carefully.
“Yes, I know. And?”
“I just don’t want you to hurt yourself with this plan. I wish you’d tell me so I could help you.”
“If you find out you’ll do everything you can to stop me.”
“If you tell me, maybe I won’t. You’ll never know if you don’t try.”
“Claire, I know you and I know you’d try to stop me. There’s no avoiding it.”
“I...,” her voice cracked as she stood and turned her back to me, “I don’t want you to get hurt,” she finished and walked out.
After she left, I lie in bed for a long time thinking. I heard voices in the hallway, but I ignored them. All I could think about was how insane my plan was, but how I knew it could save Luke. I was sacrificing everything for him.
~~~~~
Claire walked out of Leigha’s room and almost ran straight into Wess. She wiped her tears away hastily when she saw him.
“Did she tell you her plan?” he asked her.
She bit her lip to hold back her tears and shook her head sadly.
“Are you okay?” Wess asked placing a gentle hand on her arm.
She started to nod, but a sob caught in her throat and she began to cry.
Wess hesitated, but pulled her against him. To his surprise she pushed him away angrily and shook her head. He watched as she turned and ran, her blonde hair swinging behind her.
He swore he heard her whisper, “I’m sorry.”
~~~~~
The next morning Claire woke me for Marie’s trial. She silently helped me into a white gown of the same design as the pink one I’d worn the day before.
The whole time she was with me she was distant and barely talked. I wondered if I’d really upset her that terribly by not telling her my plan.
We met up with Alex outside my room and she opened the portal so I didn’t have to use my magic. We came out right outside the Court Room. We entered, took our seats, and waited.
Marie was finally escorted in by herself. Although she had no defenders she held her head high like I’d taught her to. She took her seat and we began.
“We will now begin the trial,” I announced, “Almariella is accused of an attempt to kill me, the queen, and of working with the Darks.”
“The options of punishment are death or a permanent ban to Abaddon,” Claire said.
“The defender shall now tell of her alibi,” said Alex.
“I would never try to kill Leigha!” Marie protested, “She’s always been like an older sister to me and even now as she sits there and fights against me I love her. I am completely loyal to her and the rest of the Lights. I would never even think of betraying any of them. She’s part of my family along with Claire and Alex. They’re all Lights and if I ever turned against them I would punish myself severely.”
Heads nodded. People were moved by Marie’s speech because she was only a teenager.
I closed my eyes and waved my hand. The scene of Marie trying to kill me played in the air. I winced seeing it again and was thankful when it ended.
“Proof of guilt,” I said, “All who agree with the defendant’s guilt please stand.”
Only about seventy-five percent of the jury stood. The little girl factor was working well for Marie even though people knew that she was older than some of them.
“Sit,” I commanded, “Almariella is guilty. Escort her out, please.”
The guards went to Marie’s side to escort her out, but before she left she screamed out, laughing, “The Call of the Dark!
“Did she do the dance?
Did she do the dance?
Did she do the dance
With the Dark King?
Leamathia did the dance.
Leamathia did the dance.
She did the dance
With the Dark King.
Her daughter is their child.
Her daughter is their child
Because she did the dance
With the Dark King.”
Her voice was hypnotized and monotone as if she were possessed or she was a robot. Her eyes had glazed over while she said it and she stared into space. When she was done the glaze left and she refocused as she was taken out of the room.
I sat in silent shock for a few seconds after Marie had gone with my brain running a million miles a minute. Leamathia, my mother, had a daughter with some Dark king? Did that make me part Dark? Who was the Dark King anyway?.
I took a deep breath as Claire said, “All who vote the guilty be put to death please stand.”
Around eighty percent of the jury stood.
“All who vote the guilty be banished to Abaddon, please stand.”
The rest of the jury stood.
Cece turned to me, “Death. Like you said, I don’t want her with Joseph.”
“Yes, death. That’s what I hoped would win. I knew no one would chose Abaddon for someone who looked so young,” I agreed.
Claire just nodded in silent agreement.
“The guilty has been sentenced to death,” I announced, “Dismissed.”
Once everyone was gone from the trial room Claire opened a portal and we left Light Land. The second we were back at the shrine Claire disappeared and I was left wondering what I’d done wrong. I didn’t understand how my not telling her could upset her so much.
Alex walked me back to my room and helped me out of the gown and into night clothes.
“Did I upset Claire?” I asked as she pulled my legs over the edge of the bed.
“I don’t know what’s happened to her. She hasn’t talked much to anyone since she left your room last night,” Alex replied, pulling the blankets over me.
“She’s just being so distant and quiet. I wonder if it’s because I wouldn’t tell her my plan.”
Alex shook her head, “We all want to know your plan. I think it’s a bit deeper than that. You should ask her. She’ll probably talk to you.”
“I upset her. It was written all over her face. She wasn’t happy not knowing.”
Alex was asking me with her eyes what my plan was as she perched on the edge of my bed. We both knew she wasn’t going to find out, though.
“I could go with you, you know. To rescue him.”
“No, Alex, you can’t. We were talking about Claire, not my plan.”
She sighed, “Could something else have happened? Maybe with Wess, maybe they fought. She really cares about him.”
“I heard voices outside my door, but I was distracted. I don’t know what they were saying or who they were.”
“Oh, well, um...”
“There’s nothing we can piece together right now. I’ll talk to her when she brings my food, when I wake up,” I yawned, “This magic stuff is wearing me out. I’m not as tired as yesterday, though.”
“I know,” she patted my good leg and stood up, “I’ll make sure Claire comes with your food later.”
I smiled at her, “Thanks.”
“No problem. I want to know, too,” she said and closed the door behind her.
After she left I struggled to remember the voices outside my door, but I just hadn’t been paying enough attention. I scolded myself mentally because, now, to get the exact conversation I would have to use magic and I didn’t have enough strength to do that without the possibility of fainting again. I would have to ask Claire because, if it had been her and Wess, she would probably tell me. If she wouldn’t I could summon the memory later. Alex and I could be completely wrong, though, and tit could’ve been me who upset her.
I finally fell into a restless sleep filled with Marie’s haunting voice saying,
“Her daughter is their child.”
I saw her eerie, empty face, her expressionless eyes, and the almost motionless way her mouth had moved as she’d spoken. The only thing she could be compared to was a robot that could only recite one thing over and over again and that’s how she appeared in my dreams.
Chapter Twenty-Five
I woke up in a cold sweat with Marie’s robotic voice still an echo in my mind. Claire was standing in the doorway as if she were hesitating coming into my room or waiting for something. Why would she hesitate or wait? She was acting so strange.
“Claire,” I said, “Come in.”
She nodded curtly and set a tray with a bowl of soup on my lap. She turned immediately to leave.
“Claire,” she stopped walking, but didn’t turn back towards me, “What’s wrong?”
She sighed and turned around, “Last night,” she whispered with a shake of her head.
“Was it me?” My voice, like hers, was barely over a timid whisper.
“No, I...” She sighed again and her shoulders sagged, “I ran from Wess last night. I ran because I was upset, but now...now I’m afraid he hates me or thinks I hate him or thinks we never had anything. I don’t hate him, though, I love him and I can’t stand it if he’s mad at me.
“I was just so worried about you. I am so worried about you. You’re not the same without Luke. Maybe you’re just healing, but you tire too easily, you don’t do enough even for someone as badly hurt as you, and you just don’t act like you usually do. You just aren’t you. Plus, there’s that song Marie sang.
“Don’t say all those things are just you healing though, because I may not have been around as long as you, but trust me on this. I have taken care of injured Lights and I have taken care of injured humans. I’ve even taken care of Lights just like you; their healing rates were just above human, but this isn’t right. You really aren’t you. I know Lights don’t get depressed, but this is like a human case of depression. I don’t know how one person could do this to you. You weren’t even like this after Allie.”
I shook my head sadly, “Maybe I have the Light version of human depression, but it’s probably temporary. I just have so much on my plate and Luke’s gone. I...I just miss him so much. I don’t feel the same either, though. I’m sorry.”
“I just...I think I took my worry and stress and pain out on Wess, in a way, by running from him. He’s already so worried that being with me is wrong and I’m not helping. Last night I just made it seem like that. I haven’t seem him, let alone talked to him, since then.”
“If you want me to I could talk to him and try to make him understand. I’m sure he will. I think he understands that you’re stressed.”
She smiled tightly, “Really? Thank you. I really do love you, Leigha,” she laughed a bit and turned back.
I watched her leave and once she was gone I ate some of my soup. I didn’t want to go back to sleep because I knew nightmares about Marie and Luke and the “Dark King” would plague me, so I set of to find Wess.
I was wandering around the halls near the Training Hall on my crutches when I ran into Wess.
“Wess!” I called when I saw him leaving the Training Hall.
He turned toward me. He looked as though he’d been up all night. He had bags under his blue-green eyes and he looked about to fall asleep. He didn’t look very happy either.
“Hey, Leigha,” he said, walking slowly up to me.
“Are you okay?” I asked. “You look terrible.
Wess shrugged, “I’m alright.”
“No,” I stated, “you’re not. Tell me what happened. You and Claire both seem so...sad, I guess. Both of you are acting so strange.”
He shrugged again, “I think all of us were wrong about Claire and me, you know, being soul mates. It just doesn’t seem right.”
“I don’t think we were wrong about you two. I still think we’re right. Maybe if you told me what happened I could help,” I said.
“You and I both disagree with Claire. She seems to think we were wrong.”
“No, I think you’re wrong about what she thinks. Tell me what happened. I think you’re avoiding talking about this.”
“Claire came out to me after she tried to get you to tell her your plan. She seemed so upset; she was crying. I asked her what happened and she just shook her head and started to sob. When I tried to comfort her she pushed me away and ran from me. I swear she said ‘I’m sorry.’”
“She’s frustrated, worried, stressed, and upset. Most of it’s my fault. I’m her problem not you. Don’t push her and don’t ask her about it.”
He sighed heavily, “What should I do now?”
“Don’t push her, like I said, but make sure she knows you won’t leave her. Make sure she knows you’re there for her and don’t leave her behind. Let her know you love her.”
“Thanks,” he said, smiling weakly.
I turned and headed back to my room. Now that I’d dealt with Claire’s problem all of my other ones came back to me. The Call of the Dark came back into my head, a constant echo. I had completely convinced myself that I was the daughter in the song. Claire was whole-hearted and good; the kind of person who never did anything wrong, while I was wild and uncontrollable. Claire never broke rules, never pushed people, never had angry outbursts, and never hurt someone unless it was her very last choice. I did what I thought was right, but I was still bad in some ways. I’d killed countless Dark Siders and a few humans without remorse and the worst thing Claire had ever done was runn away from Wess.
I had to be the one. There was no way it was Claire. There was no way I’d let it be Claire.
I was half Dark.
I was a Dark fairy.
I collapsed onto my bed and used my mind to close the door. I realized how exhausted I was when my head hit the pillow. I had too much to deal with.
I would wake up the next morning with all of my injuries, but I would be permitted to fly and walk without crutches a little. I was going to rescue Luke. We’d been apart too long and I wouldn’t leave him in prison any longer. I knew where he was and I could find him. I would leave the next night when everyone was sound asleep and Joseph’s, Ellie’s, and Marie’s punishments were taken care of.
~~~~~
Luke was barely alive anymore. He couldn’t take the beatings. They were slowly killing him. They wanted to know whether Leigha had lived, the idiots. They wanted to know where the shrine was and how to get in. He refused to speak. They’d killed Leigha. Killed her! Now, they expected him to talk. He’d die first. He’d die for her. He wouldn’t let the dark girl get into his head. He wouldn’t let them turn him.
~~~~~
Claire shook me awake around ten o’clock and I was glad to be woken. I couldn’t take seeing Luke like that and hearing what he was thinking.
I had to eat and get dressed before we left. The only thing I had to do was go to the place where the punishments were being given and open and close the portal to Abaddon. I didn’t want or have to stay and watch Marie’s death, so I would happily leave once Joseph and Ellie were taken care of.
When Claire was done wrestling me into a blue gown and I had finished eating toast, it was an hour until the Punishment Hour. The twelve o’clock hour was always the Punishment Hour along with the Dark Hour. Punishments were taken out then and the Dark Siders were at their strongest.
I spent the next hour sitting on my couch, chewing a hole through my lip, and thinking. The Call of the Dark played through my head over and over again while I analyzed it for proof of my being a Dark fairy, but there was nothing in the song itself. Only what I knew about mine and Claire’s personality could aid me in the answer to the question.
There was no possible way for it to be Claire.
It had to be me.
What would Luke think?
He though I was dead.
I was dangerous.
Luke was going to die.
I covered my face with my hands, but I refused to sink into the weakness of crying. If I truly was a Dark fairy I was stronger than that, fiercer than that. 
After a while Claire came and knocked on my door. She opened it and leaned inside without waiting for an answer. One look at me and she came running to me.
“What’s wrong?” She asked, seating herself next to me.
I pushed her away and she stood, “I’m a Dark fairy,” I growled.
She laughed. She actually laughed and said, “No, you aren’t.”
“Well, you most definitely aren’t and we’re our mother’s only daughters. There’s no one else it could be.”
“That we know about. Think, Leigha. If she’d had a Dark child she wouldn’t have told anyone. It would’ve been a huge secret. No one would’ve known.”
Suddenly, I had a moment of clarity. “Claire, the song talks about a Dark King. I thought about it before, but I was too messed up to really question it, but…a Dark King. We didn’t know about it, but Mother did, she had to. Unless...unless it was like Rob and I. Or if the Dark King has tons of power.”
Claire nodded thoughtfully, “We’ve heard quite a bit of talk about this Dark King, but haven’t asked about it. There have been a lot of other things on our mind, but I think it’s time we look into it a little more. Shall we?”
“Yes, but for now we should go. It’s almost time.”
She nodded and took my hand, “It’ll be okay,” she whispered as we walked out the door, “It’ll all be fine. I promise.”
Chapter Twenty-Six
Claire and I walked to the dungeon where the punishments would be taken out. It was nothing special because no one liked to watch it happen, therefore, there were only a few people there to witness. Me, Claire, Alex, the executioner, and a few witnesses from the jury to make sure the punishments happened.
Ellie, Joseph, and Marie were brought out of their cells. Each were held between two guards and their hands were bound with cuffs that not only bound their hands, but their powers, as well.
Ellie and Joseph were brought to stand to the right of me while Claire and Alex stood on my left. I lifted my hands and closed me eyes in concentration. I felt the portal open and I opened my eyes still holding out my hands. The portal to Abaddon was different than the light colored swirls of every other portal. This one was a swirling black and grey vortex that seemed to be pulling everything in the room towards it.
Ellie and Joseph were marched up to stand in front of me, but still to the side so I could keep the portal open. Ellie sent one last piercing glare at me, which I returned, before she was shoved into the vortex. Joseph, on the other hand, put up a bit more of a fight.
“Leigha, where did we go? What happened to us?” He asked me, a pleading look on his face, “I love you and I know you love me even if you won’t admit it. I can be better to you than Luke can. I can love you more. At least you know I’m alive.”
Tears threatened; I could feel them pricking at the back of my eyes. “No,” I whispered. “He’s alive.”
“So maybe he is alive,” Joseph said, his tone turning dark. “But would he really take you back if he knew what you are?”
I turned my face away from Joseph and didn’t turn around until I heard him the “whoosh” sound made when he was shoved into the portal. I dropped my arms and turned back around. It was done. Joseph and Ellie were gone forever into Abaddon.
Claire put her arm around me, “You okay?”
I nodded. My strength was returning, so I didn’t feel as exhausted anymore. I had healed some, so there wasn’t such a huge toll on me anymore from using magic.
She shook her head, “I meant about what he said. Leigha, Luke’s not dead, I promise. You and I both know he’s stronger than that…and you’re not Dark. Remember what I said, Mother would’ve kept it a secret. Joseph’s just trying to shake you up.”
“We don’t know that Luke’s still out there. They could’ve killed him by now. We’ve waited too long,” I replied, ignoring what she’d said about our mother. Joseph had confirmed what I’d thought about myself and I knew Claire was wrong.
“They wouldn’t have killed him. They want the First Obliviator back and that’s why they have him. And Leigha, I don’t care if you think we’ve waited too long; we’re waiting longer. You need to finish healing.”
I sighed and turned to go back to my room, “Or it could all be a trap.”
As I walked away I knew the unspoken words that had traveled between us after I’d said that. If this was a trap, it was a trap I was walking straight into.
~~~~~
I dressed myself in my black, light armor. No one was watching me because they thought I was very weak. I’d managed to fake being so weak just for this. The fainting had been real, but I hadn’t needed all the sleep I’d gotten. It had built up, though, and now I was wide awake.
Around midnight I made one of my window panes dissapear. I took a deep breath and jumped, letting my wings catch the air. I looked back only to make sure my window pane was back as if it had never left.
My powerful wings carried me to the Dark Base in only thirty minutes. I had to wait until one to enter since twelve was the Dark Hour and it was much too dangerous. I didn’t know what would work for me though, the Light Hour (one) or the Dark Hour. If I were a Dark fairy did both make me more powerful? Did neither? Did one or the other? Or did I have a completely different hour?
I landed down in the shadows of the trees and hid among them. I closed my eyes and let the beautiful meadow melt into the Dark Base. I opened my eyes and almost gasped in the surprise. The large building was tall and pitch black. It was so tall and blended so well with the overcast sky I couldn’t see the top. The building had a kind of terrifyingly majestic feel. It was beautiful, but you could tell it was evil.
While searching for the top of the building I heard voices. Two people were quarrelling as they exited the building and they weren’t worried about keeping quiet. Even though I knew I blended with the shadows perfectly I made myself disappear and slipped deeper into the trees. I knew some Darks could see through the invisibility shield like all Lights, even though it was very rare.
I saw a flash of golden hair the exact color of mine, but straight and cut only a little longer than chin length. Then, I heard the voice that went with the hair.
“I said to get rid of him,” hissed a heavily accented female voice. It wasn’t a human accent. It sounded more snakelike; the way you’d imagine a talking snake would sound.
“But he could help-” a male voice. Spanish. Did everyone here have accents?
The girl, or more of a young woman, really, snapped her fingers and the man went silent immediately, “We have no need for him if he won’t turn Dark. She’ll think he’s alive and come anyways. You know how Lights are with their sappy love.”
“How do you know she’s still alive?”
The girl said nothing, but after a few seconds the man replied.
“Oh, yeah. Sorry.”
Their conversation faded as they walked away. I pondered who “he” and “she” could be. It could easily have been Luke and I, but how would she have known if I were alive?
I snapped myself out of my stupor; it was almost one. I had to save Luke now. If they had been talking about us I would have no other chance. He could be dead by morning.
I slipped as close to the building as I dared and waited the last few minutes. A clock ticked in my head counting down the seconds until one. Until I could see Luke. Five minutes.
Four minutes.
Three.
Two.
One.
I took a deep breath. It was time.
Keeping my shroud of invisibility I walked up to stand  by the door. The idiot Darks had no one standing guard. They probably thought no Lights knew about their base. I waited a minute or two with my ear pressed against the door. Hearing nothing, I opened the door a tiny bit and slipped inside.
Inside there was barely any light and it appeared as though everything was painted black. To go with the already dark and dismal theme there were no window and there were chains everywhere. I noticed doors lining the hallway where I could still see and it appeared that there were a few other hallways and staircases.
At the first staircase I found I began walking up. After three more staircases I realized it was hopeless to get myself lost. It was a huge building. I quickly came up with a Plan B and just in time, too, because a Dark happened to be walking up.
First, I tried to infiltrate his mind, but hit a block. I’d expected that so I continued with my plan. I lost my shroud of invisibility as I stepped in front of him. When he saw me his face hardened instantly and he reached for a knife. I froze his body with magic.
“Wait,” my hand was held out as if telling him to stop, but it was really to hold the spell. “I’m here for a trade.”
“What kind of trade?” He growled, still frozen in place.
I took a deep, steadying breath, “I’ll give you my wings,” I told him, “if you lead me to Luke and tell no one about you seeing me.”
“What’s in it for us?”
“It’ll make me weak, could kill me even, and will make all the other Lights weak until there’s a new queen. I can’t rule without wings,” I lied. It would only bind some of my powers and my Light form for three to four weeks until my wings grew back.
“If you die, won’t a new queen take your place? You have a sister, do you not?”
I laughed bitterly, “Impossible. First of all, I’m the most powerful queen Lights have ever seen or probably will ever see. Second of all, no other Light of my generation can rule. There has to be a child from my sister or I to carry on. The Lights would have to wait until that child is of age,” I said, only partially lying. The first part was true.
“And how do I know you’re not lying?” As he said that I realized he was the same man I’d heard talking earlier.
“Because I would do anything for Luke.”
He nodded and I released him. He finished the task of pulling out his knife.
I closed my eyes and release my wings from their tight hold against my back. I felt the knife begin to slice through my left wing. I bit my lip to keep from crying out in pain. Silent tears made rivers on my cheeks and my wing fell to the floor. I fought to breath and struggled against sobs.
He started on the second one. I waited in agony for what felt like hours before I finally heard it hit the floor.
I turned to him, pulling together all the composure I had left, “Take me to Luke.”
He walked past me and I followed. He led me up three more flights of stairs and down twisting hallways. We stopped at an absolutely pitch black hallway.
“His cell’s on the left. I can’t take you further.
Once he was gone I cupped my hands and blew in them. An orb of light that only I could see glowed between them. I began to walk slowly, only looking at the cells on my left, but what I saw was terrible. I saw Darks themselves covered in filth and cowering in corners looking terrified and beaten. There were Lights in the exact same position in the same cells as the Darks. Everything was so terrible. Did the Dark King do this to disobedient followers? I didn’t think even Darks could be so cruel.
I sighed slightly in relief when I saw black hair. I crouched in front of the bars. Luke was alone in his cell. His face was haggard and he looked absolutely horrible. I knew he couldn’t see my light, but everything I’d walked past had noticed me and I guess my footsteps had given me away. Or my hair because it was so light it would show even in this dark
Luke could see me, too, but I didn’t get the reaction I’d expected. He cowered away from me as if he couldn’t get far enough away.
“I won’t,” he growled, struggling to his feet, “I’d never betray her. Even if you looked and talked exactly like her I’d still know it was you!”
“Who?” I asked softly.
“This is cruel,” he said, staggering to the bars and grabbing onto them. He pressed his face against them in front of me, “You are a cruel person, though,” he growled.
“Luke! What are you talking about?” We were both still whispering.
Luke laughed bitterly, “Why are you asking me that, J. J.? You know perfectly well what you’ve done and what you’re doing!”
The snake-like voice I’d heard earlier came from behind me and I spun, “Yes, I do, Luke.”
There was a glow coming from her hands and I made mine visible as well. I could see the vampire who’d cut off my wings standing slightly behind her. His eyes glowed a vibrant red.
“I gave you a choice, Luke!” She cried, “Turn Dark, or, well, now look what you’ve done!” She cackled, “Would you like to show him your wings, sister?”
Luke was shaking his head with his hand over his ears as he muttered, “No!” over and over again, “No!” He finally screamed, “You can’t do this! Leave her alone!”
“Oh, but I can! I can do whatever I want to,” she mocked and looked at me, “Shall I tell him, mute girl?”
I looked closely at her as she slunk closer to Luke’s cell taunting him with her pet Dark Sider in tow. She looked almost exactly like me except for a few differences. She looked to be about my age, her hair was straight and shorter, and her irises were a bright, glowing red just like the other Dark Sider’s.
I slid my hand down my leg to the hilt of a sword I’d strapped there. Luckily, all of the girl’s focus was on Luke along with the vampire. They were so busy taunting him they didn’t notice me behind them. Once I was squared behind the male Dark Sider I pulled out the sword and plunged it through his back, into his rib cage. The girl turned as I was about to do the same to her and I felt her mind reach out to mine. I threw up a wall that sent her stumbling back before she tried again. We stared each other down, both of us trying to hold our power over the other, but we seemed very evenly matched. My energy was beginning to drain from the effort of healing and trying to push her mind away and I could feel the girl gaining ground.
“Leigha!” Luke cried suddenly, momentarily taking my attention away from the Dark Sider and letting her take control of my mind. As soon as I noticed she was in I began pushing again, but it was much harder now.
“The sword!” Luke said and I realized that was why he’d called my name.
I continued pushing against the girl’s mind as I pulled up the sword. Due to my split concentration, she was able to break through again. Suddenly, I was holding the point of my sword over my own heart. I broke free of her hold for a moment, just long enough to hit her in the head with the butt of the sword, knocking her unconscious momentarily.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
I looked at Luke, “We have to get out of here. Now!”
He stared at me, his face still pressed against the bars, “But...you’re dead!”
“I’ll explain later. For now, do you know a way out of here?”
He nodded his head slowly like he was trying to clarify things in his head first, “Yeah, sorry, but... I don’t think I can walk on my own.”
I think he was blushing, but he’d never admit it.
“Okay, that’s fine. And the way out?”
“A window at the end of the hall.”
I looked away from him uncomfortably, “Oh, um...about that...my wings…are gone.”
He winced and covered his ears, “I think I can make it to the ground with you,” he looked back at me and smiled, “if you can carry me to the window.”
I returned his smile, “I think I can,” I rummaged through the girl’s pockets until I found her keys, “Let’s get you out of there.”
I unlocked the door and put my arm supportively around Luke’s waist. He put his over my shoulder’s, but I think it was more of a protective gesture than to hold himself up. We half dragged, half walked down the hall to the window. I heaved it open. There wasn’t a huge opening, but it would have to do.
I looked at Luke, “Should I ask about what happened now or wait?”
He shook his head, “Wait. We can trade stories later.”
I nodded and he scooped me into his arms. He jumped out the window and spread his wings. His strong, long strokes carried us over the trees while my magic made us invisible. We had to stop halfway to the shrine. We were both too tired to go on.
When we landed Luke kept holding me. We both stared at each other.
“I’ve missed you,” I whispered, trailing a finger down the line of his jaw.
He leaned down and kissed me, “I’ve missed you, too,” he whispered against my lips.
He set me on my feet and sank to the ground against a tree. I sat down next to him and rested my head on his chest.
“Tell me, Luke.”
He sighed and looked up at the canopy of leaves above us, “Her name’s Leila. She’s like you in so many ways. She looks like you, walks like you, smells like you, even has the same sense of power as you. Her power’s different, though, it’s dark. When you walk in a room everyone can feel the good in your power and the room seems to get light, but when she walks in it’s the opposite. You feel the bad in her power and the room seems darker. You put energy into people and she takes it away.”
I wanted to interrupt him and tease. Say, “I’ll have to remember that I put energy into people next time I fight.” I kept my mouth shut, though.
“She’s a Dark fairy and the most powerful I’ve ever met. She wants me. Badly. I have to pick you or her. Light or Dark. Good or bad,” he talked about it like it was still happening.
I shook my head, “You chose me, though. I heard you.”
“I don’t know,” he said sadly standing up and driving his fist into a tree, “A week, two weeks, maybe, and I might’ve picked her. She was persuasive and so much like you. She…she’s your twin, Leigha. That’s the one thing I believe because she’s just so much like you.
She told me three words; it would take three words and all my fears would disappear. She promised me if I chose her you would be safe,” he turned to me, eyes full of rage, “She promised to bring you back!” He cried and hit the tree again.
“Luke!” I stood up, too, “Luke! Calm down! Please!”
“Leigha, do you know what I could’ve done? How you could’ve been hurt by me? Killed, even, by me?
I put my hand on his arm, “Luke,” he was distant, but he just looked sad now, not angry. I put my other hand on his cheek and turned his face towards me, “I love you, Luke. That’s all that matters. I love you.”
He pushed me away from him, “You shouldn’t, Leigha. I’m dangerous to you. I am some Dark now, you know that? I-,”
“Luke,” I said softly, tears streaming down my cheeks, “I could be Dark, too.”
“No,” he shook his head, “It’s her. It’s Leila. She’s the hidden daughter, that’s what I tried to tell you. She’s your twin, she got all of the Dark and you got all of the Light. But, she could’ve made me Dark. I could be turning right now.”
I smiled at him, “There’s no way either of us are both totally one of the other. I must be a little Dark and Leila a little Light, so we’re both a little Dark, but that’s all we’ll ever be, a little Dark. Trust me, Luke. I’m the Queen of the Light. The most unusual and powerful Queen of the Light the Creatures of the Light have ever seen and I know all you’ll ever be is a little Dark.”
He bowed and hugged me, “You’re the most amazing Queen of the Light.”
~~~~~
I woke up on the ground next to Luke. He was already awake, propped up on one elbow, watching me. I propped myself up and smiled at him.
“It feels like a dream seeing you again, being with you again,” I told him.
He smiled and shook his head in disbelief, “If it is, I don’t ever want to wake up.”
I smiled and carefully pushed myself into a sitting position. My back was stiff from the dried blood of my wings. I could feel that some of my other wounds had reopened, too. I pulled up my left pant leg and began unwrapping the bandage to put on a fresh one.
Luke shook his head in disbelief again, “I can’t believe you’re alive. You should be dead. You died.”
I nodded and began to recite, 
“Weakness will come twice,
one hiding and dangerous,
the other a vice.
She’s saved by the man
when her weakness overtakes
love Luceleighanne.
“You saved me by saying my name,” I said.
“Just by saying your name,” he repeated and smiled. “I’m glad I did it.”
I smiled back and began winding a new bandage around my leg to replace the bloodstained one, “I am, too.”
When I was done bandaging we brought ourselves carefully to our feet. I pointed toward the shrine.
“We can be there soon. I don’t know when, exactly. I’ve never walked there,” I said.
“You still have explaining to do,” Luke said.
So, as I walked and he flew next to me I told him everything that had happened up until when I’d left. I hesitated before that part of my story.
“You weren’t supposed to leave, were you?” Luke asked.
I shrugged, “But I did anyways.”
“And your wings?” He asked gesturing towards my back.
I sighed, knowing he would be mad, and explained to him about everything after I snuck out. I told him about Leila’s conversation, getting in and cutting off my wings, and everything else until I’d found him.
“You’ve given up too much for me,” Luke said.
“Luke you saved my life. Then, you went to jail for me. I’d be dead and being flightless is a huge step up.”
He stopped flying and landed to pull me against him, “I thought you were dead. I thought I would never see you again or hear your voice. I watched you this morning and all I could think was, ‘She’s alive. Her hearts beating. She’s breathing. She’s alive.’”
I looked up at him, “If I’d waited any longer you’d be the one dead. Leila was going to kill you; you were supposed to be dead by now.”
He looked back towards the Dark Base and ran a hand through his hair, “You told me.”
I nodded even though his back was to me, “Let’s go, Luke.”
He turned back to me and nodded. We moved on in silence for a while.
Finally, I said, “Half an hour more,” just to break the silence.
Luke nodded and looked at me, then at my hand, “We still haven’t been Bound.”
“I know. Whenever you’re ready Claire still has everything prepared.”
“Tomorrow, then. We should’ve been Bound long ago. I’ll be with you as soon as possible.”
I twisted his ring around my fingers, “It has been too long.”
“I know, Leigha. I’m so sorry.”
I shook my head, “Don’t apologize. It’s not your fault. All you did was save my life.”
He sighed and we just kept moving. Moving, moving in silence. Finally, we arrived at the clearing in front of the shrine.
Claire was pacing nervously while Wess tried, to no avail, to calm her down. When she saw us I thought she was going to have a heart attack. She ran up to me and hugged me so tightly I thought my lungs would collapse.
I pulled her off laughing, “Claire, I’m fine. We’re both pretty much fine.”
“I was worried sick, Leigha! You left before you were healed!” She exclaimed.
“Calm down! If I’d waited any longer Luke would have been killed!”
Luke nodded in agreement with me and looked at Claire, “This is a pointless fight, Claire. It always is with her. What’s done is done. It’s not going to change because you’re mad.”
Claire nodded, “You’re right,” she turned a glare on me, but she couldn’t help but smile, “Now you two both need to rest.
I went up through the shrine to my room with Luke by my side. We refused to be without each other, but that wouldn’t matter when we were Bound. We collapsed into my bed and were asleep almost instantly. We would be Bound soon.
~~~~~
I was woken by the sound of people moving about my room. Luke was gone; he must have left before I’d woken up. A beautiful white dress hung on the front of my wardrobe. It wasn’t too much, just a floor length gown with silver swirls dancing up from the hem. They became thinner and less common until they reached the waist where they stopped.
I got out of bed and took a bath. Once I was clean and dry Claire helped me slide into the gown. If fit me perfectly. The sleeves were elbow length, but they were cut to leave my shoulders bare and fit around my arms. The sleeves hung down to my waist. In the back of the gown there was a long train stretched across the floor behind me.
Because of my inability to use my Light form an elf painted blue swirls along the parts of my arms, neck, shoulders, and legs that would be visible at some point in the day. It seemed Luke had explained what happened in my attempt to save him, sparing me from being screamed at.
After I was painted on the same elf put make up on me. Mascara made my eyelashes luscious, longer, and blacker. Silver eyeliner made the specks in my eyes sparkle and blue eye shadow brought out the blue. Last, blush made my cheeks look pink.
Once the elf was done Claire began on my hair. I don’t understand how, but she pulled it up into a bun that had curls spilling out from under it and halfway down my back. I assume she used magic.
When it was all done I looked at myself. I thought I looked better than I had at my coronation. When I turned to see the back of my dress I found it dipped low. The fabric only started an inch or two above where my hair fell.
Claire looked at me from every angle possible before deciding I was fine. Then, she provided me with white slippers and I was ready.
Claire took my arm and smiled at me with raw excitement, “We have no father to walk you down the aisle, so-,”
Just as she said “so” my younger brother walked in, “I’ll do the honors.”
My hand flew to my mouth, “John, where have you been?”
He smiled, “I saw the world and fought Darks in other countries,” he bowed, “Always at your service, My Queen.”
“You have always had a knack for adventure and getting into things you shouldn’t get into,” I muttered.
John just smirked and Claire interrupted, “The ceremony will start soon. We must be on our way.”
Chapter Twenty-Eight
By the time John and I followed Claire down to the floor where celebrations took place it was already four o’clock. Doors to ballroom upon ballroom lined the hall. They could be used for pretty much any type of party, be it a dinner party or a coronation. We would use three of the rooms: one for the actual Binding, one for the banquet, and one as a ballroom.
We reached the door to the ballroom that would be used for the Binding. There was a short line of people. Claire walked to the front to stand with one of Luke’s friends and behind her was Cece with Luke’s brother, then, Alex with my other, even young brother, and behind them, John and I.
The Song of the Lights began to play in the Binding room.
“The Light first sang,
When her bell first rang.
A magic, she held,
And upon her the power fell.”
I watched as the line before me walked slowly through the doors. After what seemed like forever, it was my turn.
The music changed to my Prophecy, but it was put to music and sung. I looked at Luke as John and I walked in. He smiled at me. He’d left his hair long, but he was in a tuxedo. It was solid black with a blue tie that matched his eyes perfectly.
We arrived at the stage and John dropped my arm. Luke and I stood facing each other. Ben was the Binder because unicorns always seemed to be the best at planning and performing ceremonies.
“We are here today to witness Alucasem and Luceleighanne being Bound together,” Ben announced to the crowd. He turned towards Luke, “Alucasem, do you believe Luceleighanne to be your soul mate?”
“I do,” Luke said.
“Will you be Bound to Luceleighanne forever and stay true and loyal to the Binds?”
“I will.”
Ben produced a blue rope that matched both mine and Luke’s eyes, “Then you shall be Bound,” he tied one end around Luke’s right wrist and turned to me, “Luceleighanne, do you believe Alucasem to be your soul mate?”
“I do,” I said.
“Will you be Bound to Alucasem forever and stay true and loyal to the Binds?”
“I will.”
“Then you shall be Bound,” Ben tied the other end of the rope around my right wrist leaving about a foot between us, “Alucasem, Luceleighanne, you are now Bound forever.”
Ben raised one hand above each of our heads and what looked like silver fairy dust was sprinkled over us. The rope disappeared, but it would always be there. It would tell us when we were in need of each other. It would bring us together when we’d been apart for too long.
Luke and I walked down the aisle with everyone else trailing behind us. We walked to the next room  where the banquet would take place. We took our seats in the middle of a circular table in the center of the room. All of the Light Maids (like bride’s maids) sat across from me and around and all of the Light Men (like groom’s men) sat across from Luke and went around.
After we ate we moved to the ballroom. Small four person circular tables were set around the edges of the room with candles sitting the center. Candles also floated high above our heads. The light in the whole room was produced entirely by candles giving it a romantic glow.
The Song of the Lights began to play and Luke took my hand and raised an eyebrow asking me to dance. With a wave from my other hand the long skirt fell to the floor. It left behind a shorter one that reached my knees and flowed more, but still had the swirls covering it in the same way as the first.
I placed my hand on Luke’s shoulder and he wrapped his arm around my waist pulling me closer. We drifted to the center of the floor and began to dance. It was traditional for fairies to fly while dancing their first dance as a couple, so Luke held me against him and we spun through the air.
I looked up at him to find him already looking at me and smiling, “We have one decision to make.”
“And that would be?” He asked.
“Should we stay at the shrine or live in Land of the Light at the castle. They’re both pretty much the same except one’s on Earth and one’s in the Land of the Light.”
“Either one, Leigha. What if we made the shrine like another castle for Earth-bound Lights? Then there would be a castle for all the Lights.”
“I take it we’re staying here, then.”
He smiled.
I closed my eyes and sighed, “It’s so weird having lost those powers and now I can’t change into my Light form.”
“I think you’ll get them all back someday. For some reason I feel that when your wings grow back your old powers will, too.”
“I really hope so.”
The song ended and Luke set me gently on the ground. Then, we left the dance floor.
“Claire!” I called and she rushed to my side immediately.
“Yes?” She asked.
“We’re staying here.”
She smiled and nodded, then left. She would find someone to move everything to the new rooms we would have here.
I yawned. I was already tired and the reception would last a long time, so I sat down. It was tiring while I was healing and it had to be tiring for Luke, too.
“Do you want to go?” Luke asked me.
I smiled up at him sleepily, “I’m getting tired.”
He took my hand and pulled me to my feet, “The party can go on without us.”
Luke found someone who knew where our new rooms where to lead us. We were escorted to the tallest tower that was, somehow, even higher up than my old room.
It had all of my furniture. My bed was there, my sitting area, even the windowed walls were the same. My wardrobe and vanity, though, were in my huge closet the size of a bedroom. My trunk was at the end of the bed, though, and I was very grateful it was where it was.
Before I could walk in Luke scooped me up and carried me into the room.
“Silly human traditions,” I smiled.
“What time is it?” Luke asked, setting me down.
“Around...eight o’clock.”
He touched my cheek, “You look absolutely exhausted, love. We should go to sleep.”
I smiled, “I am exhausted.”
“Like I said, sleep.”
I yawned, “Yes, we both should sleep. We’re both still...recovering.”
I went to my closet and changed, but it took me a minute because I was unfamiliar with where everything was. By the time I came out Luke was sound asleep.
I curled up in his arms and fell asleep.
~~~~~
The next morning I woke to Luke staring at me. He hadn’t bothered propping himself up this time. He was just staring at me curled up against him.
“You’re beautiful when you sleep,” he whispered, pulling a loose curl from my face.
“Oh, so I’m ugly when I’m awake,” I hit him with a pillow.
He smiled, “How about peaceful? Does that work? You just don’t look worried or scared or angry or sad. You just look happy and peaceful.”
I smiled, but it disappeared quickly, “One more thing and no more worried or scared or angry or mad.”
“What?”
“We have to kill the First Obliviator. We have to get Allie’s Light Stone from him and I want to be the one to do it. I think I can control myself if you’re there.”
“Leigha, I can have him searched now and an executioner can kill him later.”
“No, I have to do this. Please understand.”
He nodded, “I do.”
“Thanks,” I rolled out of the bed, “I’m gonna go change.”
He nodded and got up to. I went into the bathroom and tugged on a pair of beat up jeans and a tank top. I pulled on my boots and was tying my hair back when he came into the closet.
“I’m going to have guards there so you don’t lose control,” he was leaning against the door frame.
I walked up to him and wrapped my arms around his waist, “I’ll try not to.”
He pulled me up to kiss him.
I smiled, “It won’t matter, in the end. He’ll be dead anyway.”
~~~~~
Later that day we went to go visit the First Obliviator. He was in a large room and guards where stationed everywhere. He looked terribly haggard. He was thin and hanging from chains on the wall and he desperately needed a shower.
I didn’t even feel like I was loosing control. I walked right up to him, “Where’s her stone?” I growled.
He looked like he had given up so completely that he couldn’t even talk.
“Search him,” I ordered.
After five minutes of searching they found the stone.
“Take it to Claire, one of you. Tell her I’ll be there to revive Allie soon,” I said.
One of them nodded and left the room. I unsheathed a guards sword and used it to bring the First Obliviator’s face to look at me. His eyes were lifeless and dead looking, but he was still alive. I could see his breath condensing on the sword’s shiny surface.
“Any last words?” I teased, knowing he would say something.
All of the sudden his eyes glassed over and his head lifted so he was looking me straight in the eye. He looked like Marie had when she’d been reciting the Call of the Dark. His voice had that same tone, too, “You may have me, but the Dark King is who you should be more worried about. He holds the power and he’s after you now. He had your mother and her mother and her mother and her mother before that. You’ll be next. You’ll be next.”
And then, without me even pushing the sword through his neck he died.
I gasped and dropped the sword and stepped back shaking my head. Luke put his arm around my waist.
“Let’s go,” he said.
I nodded and we left for the Comatasis Care Room.
Once we were inside I rushed to Allie. Claire immediately handed me Allie’s Light Stone and I clipped the chain back around Allie’s neck before kneeling at her side. I wrapped my hand around the stone and whispered, “Restore the light in this Creature of the Light.” I repeated it several times, feeling the magic flow through me into Allie.
Suddenly, she gasped and blinked open her eyes. I jumped up in surprised happiness as Allie breathed heavily, having practically come back from the dead.
When she sat up, I hugged her tightly. “Oh, Allie!” I cried.
Allie pulled away and looked around. When she saw Alex she flew out of the bed, practically tackling Alex to the ground. They were both laughing and crying.
When they finally pulled apart Allie looked at me and smiled. “I’m glad to be back. And, you know, I wasn’t in pain.”
“Thank the Light for that. Don’t ever leave again.”
Luke and Allie said, “I won’t,” at the same time.
I turned to Luke and smiled, “I wouldn’t let you.”
He picked me up and kissed me.
Epilogue
Now is the part where I wish I could say we’re living happily ever after, but we’re not. We live in fear of this “Dark King” though he has yet to show himself. Luke never leaves my side. The good news is, if he really is gone we don’t have to worry about him. I know he infected my mother’s mind and her. Just by her having his child he contaminated the rest of my family. My two brothers, Claire, and I all have that little bit of Darkness in us. Now, he wants to do that to me, too.
I pray we’ll never hear from him and it’s been a year now and we’ve heard from no Darks. Maybe they’re gone or maybe they’re reforming. We hope they’re gone, but I didn’t kill my sister, Leila, so she’s still out there and so is the Dark King, whoever he is.
Soon, though, we’ll have a young daughter. She won’t be contaminated by the Dark despite what the man who killed Cece said. At least the next queen won’t be contaminated. Maybe she’ll be the one to defeat the Dark King. We’ll just have to wait and find out.
About the Author
Haley Phillips wrote her first novel when she was in seventh grade and has been writing ever since. The first book she published was Creatures of the Light. In her free time she enjoys reading, watching Doctor Who and Supernatural, knitting, and learning about sharks. To learn more about Haley visit her Smashwords interview at
Connect with Haley
Friend her on Facebook:
Follow her on Tumblr:
Favorite her at Smashwords:
Email her at haley.f.p@gmail.com
