

THE CRYSTAL TRIDENT
An Archer Adventure
Book I
Second Edition

Katharine Giles

The Crystal Trident, An Archer Adventure Book I, Second Edition
Copyright ©2016, 2020 by Katharine Giles
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical without the express written permission of the author. The scanning, uploading and distribution of this book via the internet or via any other means without the permission of the author is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only electronic authorized editions and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Distributed by Smashwords
Cover design: Copyright 2020 Katharine Giles
Cover Image: Copyright Shutterstock_347178443
Author Website:
www.thearcheradventures.com
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com
ISBN: 978-1-939181-89-3 (eBook)
Version: 2020.04.13
Created in the United States of America


In remembrance
of Rich and Grace Williams,
who taught the course in Adventuring.

Table of Contents
Glossary and Phonic Pronunciation Guide
Chapter One: WHERE AM I?
Chapter Two: DANGEROUS CHALLENGE
Chapter Three: PEARLS & RAINBOWS
Chapter Four: DINNER IS SERVED
Chapter Five: FASTEST ANIMAL IN THE SEA
Chapter Six: TURTLES TO THE RESCUE
Chapter Seven: MIND OVER MATTER
Chapter Eight: SEA DRAGON CAVES
Chapter Nine: GHOSTS OF THE DEEP
Chapter Ten: QUINTAR THE DRAGON
Chapter Eleven: PROPHETIC DREAM
Preview of Book II: A Perilous Quest
An Archer Adventure, Second Edition
About the Author

Glossary & Phonic Pronunciation Guide
Acura (Ac-her-uh): Tableland near the Sea Dragon Caves
Archer (Are-chur): Fourteen-year-old Runaway
Arcos (Are-kohs): Ichonaut Who Speaks with Animals
Atra (At-ruh): Ruler of Plants & Small Fishes
Balycon (B-owl-ee-kahn): White Stone City beneath the Sea
Banto (Ban-toh): Ichonaut Who Creates Armor
Boja (Boh-juh): Red Feather Snake
Carpin (Car-pin): Half Fish, Half Horse Steed
Chion (Ch-eye-on): Ruler of Palori in the Frozen Sea
Coriana (Core-ee-ann-uh): Distant Island
Doro (Door-oh): Ichonaut That Creates Illusions
Gypsy (Jip-see): Carpin Steed in Coriana’s Sea
Koros (Core-ohs): Ruler of Large Fishes
Lemandia (Leh-man-dee-uh): White Stone City Above the Sea
Loca (Low-kuh): Dragon Fish in Acura’s Sea
Manto (Man-toh): Carpin Steed in Balycon
Mino (Mine-oh): Ruler of Turtles & Sea Birds
Mintar (Min-tar): Ichonaut Guide
Myra (My-ruh): Mermaid
Orcan (Or-can): Captain of the Sea Guard, Healer
Oserra (Oh-sear-uh): Balycon's Outer Settlement
Pacion (Pass-ee-own): Keeper of Balycon’s Crystal Ball
Pindar (Pin-dar): Ichonaut That Animates Illusions
Quintar (Keen-tar): Green Sea Dragon
Scurapin (Scur-uh-pin): Giant Squid
Skoros (Score-ohs): Head of Balycon's Council
Tikra (Teek-ruh): Ruler of Coral & Mollusks
Toran (Tore-an): Ichonaut With Super Hearing
Zondo (Zahn-doh): Moray Eel

Chapter One
Where Am I?
A pulsing pain on the side of his head brought him awake but before he could open his eyes, a vision a killer wave and a red and white sailboat flashed through his mind. He jerked back, bumped his head against a rock and the pain in his head exploded. His eyes snapped open and exploring fingers found a bump below his left ear.
Everything's blurry? Why can't I see?
Something brushed against his shoulder and he pulled away. Blurry shapes swam in and out of his vision. He closed his eyes, slumped back and panicked when a hand grabbed his shoulder, shook him. A jab of pain shot through his head and he found a large bump when he reached up.
Ouch! That hurts!
He opened his eyes.
Why is everything out of focus?
He blinked, rubbed his eyes and his vision cleared. Off to his right a field of grass danced in the wind. His hand fell to his side and he grabbed a handful of sand.
Sand?
A touch on his shoulder made him turn and his eyes widened. A girl with large blue eyes and long black hair floating around her head sat next to him. Tiny fish darted through her hair and sparkled like gemstones beneath the sun.
Who is she? Why are there fish in her hair?
A motion made him look down. He stared in disbelief at sunlight reflecting off the scales on her green tail.
She’s a fish! That's silly. She can't be a fish! I'm dreaming.
He raised his head and scanned his surroundings. When he found nothing familiar, he lay back and basked in the sun before he realized something was terribly wrong.
Sand? Fish? I'm underwater! I'm drowning! I have to get air!
He reached back to push off the sand but the girl grabbed his shoulder and pushed him down. Panic rose in his eyes and he struggled to get free. She pushed harder.
She’s drowning me!
Don't be afraid, said the girl. I'm not trying to drown you.
The musical lilt of her voice floated through his head. He stopped struggling and stared at her.
What is she anyway, a girl or a fish? Why won’t she let me get air? If she's not trying to drown me, why is she holding me down?
I’m a mermaid and my name's Myra. I’m holding you down because you've been hurt. You need to rest until you feel better.
She’s talking without moving her lips! How can she talk underwater and how can I hear her? Why don’t I need air? If I don’t need air I must be dead!
I don't need to move my lips, Myra told him. You hear my thoughts. And you're not dead.
She knows what I'm thinking! How can she do that?
I told you. We talk with our thoughts.
“If you’re a mermaid that means I’m underwater,” he said aloud, ignoring the bubbles that spewed out of his mouth, floated past his nose and garbled his words.
“If I’m underwater without a SCUBA tank and talking to a mermaid when everyone knows mermaids don’t exist, then I'm dead.”
Myra's eyes twinkled in amusement when she laughed and told him, You can stop making bubbles. Think of what you want to say and I’ll hear you. I hear your thoughts and you hear mine because the collar I put around your neck lets you talk to me.
His hand flew to his throat where he found a soft, smooth collar. He tried to pull it off but it was stuck to his skin.
“I don't want this thing! Take it off! Take it off!”
Another stream of bubbles floated past his nose. A wave of dizziness swept over him so he lowered his head to the sand and closed his eyes.
Why is there a bump on my head and why am I seeing a mermaid?
The collar won’t hurt you, said Myra. It lets you live beneath the sea and talk with your thoughts. It's part of you, like your beautiful violet eyes.
A picture of a young man with blonde hair and violet eyes appeared in the blackness beneath his lids and disappeared as rapidly as it came.
Why did I see a picture of a guy with odd-colored eyes? Who is he?
Before Myra could reply, he opened his eyes and found everything in focus.
I can see!
He glanced left where a row of marbled orange, black and white cone shells formed a border around a garden of pink sea feathers.
Man those shells are big! They must be three feet tall!
He looked through the water at a cloud drifting overhead. A blanket of peace washed over him. No longer afraid, he lay back in the sand and relaxed.
I've drowned. That's why I can see mermaids and giant sea shells that don't exist. I didn’t know mermaids lived in a heaven beneath the sea.
You didn’t drown and this isn’t heaven, Myra informed him.
How did she know what I was thinking?
I told you, she scolded. You can talk with your thoughts.
“So I’m talking just by thinking and you can hear everything I think!” he said and sent more bubbles to the surface. “That’s weird.”
I’ll have to be careful what I think, he thought.
What’s your name? Myra asked.
My name?… What's my name?…. I don’t know my name!… I don't know who I am!
He tried to think. Nothing came. He closed his eyes and shook his head. A strong hand clasped his shoulder. He opened his eyes, turned his head and found a man with black hair, blue eyes and bronzed skin hovering at his side. He glanced down. The man’s muscular torso ended at a green tail.
Where did he come from? He has a tail but he can’t be a mermaid! Only girls are mermaids!
The man laughed, his voice rich and deep like chocolate.
I’m an Ichonaut and my name is Orcan. Myra and I need to know your name. Since you can’t remember maybe there's something written on the band around your wrist.
He raised his arm and stared at his watch. Nothing about it looked familiar until the word 'Waterproof' jumped out at him. The word reminded him of something but he couldn't remember what. He removed the watch, turned it over and read an inscription on its back.
“Happy Birthday, Archer!”
Am I Archer?
It doesn't matter, Orcan replied. It gives us something to call you.
He heard me thinking!
Archer's hand flew to the collar.
This thing really works. Who is this guy and why does he have a tail? Does everyone around here have a tail?
I told you my name is Orcan and I'm an Ichonaut.
What's an Ichonaut?
Archer rubbed the bump behind his ear.
How did I get this bump on my head?
A wave brought you here, Orcan replied. You hurt your head when you fell into a coral garden. If you're well enough to travel, the council wants to see you.
I want to go home.
Where do you live?
Archer looked at Orcan with panic in his eyes.
I can't remember. Why can't I remember my name? Why can't I remember where I live?
You’ll remember everything in time, Orcan told him. Until you do, you’re safe and welcome to stay. I’ll take you to the council and let them answer your questions.
Orcan raised his head, whistled and a sharp pain shot through Archer's head.
Ouch! That hurt! Why did he do that?
I called Manto, Orcan told him. As long as you’re here, he’ll take you anywhere you want to go.
What's a Manto?
Instead of answering Archer’s question, Orcan reached down, grabbed Archer's hand and pulled him to a sitting position. A sharp pain shot behind Archer's ear and the dizziness returned. He closed his eyes and reached for the back of his head.
Ouch!
I should have taken care of all your injuries after Myra pulled you out of the coral, Orcan told him. It won’t take a moment to fix the bump on your head and mend the scratch on your cheek.
Orcan lightly stroked the back of Archer's neck. The warmth of his fingers eased Archer's pain and he relaxed.
Whatever you did worked, he said. It doesn't hurt anymore.
Archer reached up to rub the bump behind his ear and found it gone. Before he could comment on that discovery, another twinge of pain shot through his head.
There's another bump.
I’ll fix it, Orcan told him. He placed his fingers on the other side of Archer's head and the pain stopped. After I mend the scratch on your cheek you'll be as good as new.
How did you do that? Archer asked when Orcan removed his hand from his face. And how did I get hurt?
A wave brought you here, Orcan reminded him. Myra pulled you out of a coral garden and put the collar around your neck. I mended your bleeding wounds before you awoke.
Something white flashed in the distance. Archer looked up, watched an animal bound toward them and a memory tried to break through.
What an odd looking horse!
Archer closed his eyes and, in the blackness beneath his lids, saw a horse running on a beach. The horse looked familiar but Archer couldn't remember why. He opened his eyes to watch the unusual animal approach.
It's half horse and half fish! Is it a fish horse? Or a horse fish?
It isn't a horse, Orcan told him. Manto’s a carpin.
Manto stopped at Archer's side and nudged his hand with his nose.
I'm either dead or dreaming, Archer thought and stroked the carpin’s velvet skin. I may not know who I am, but I know I can't breathe underwater. And I’m pretty sure I've never seen an animal that looks like this.
Archer glanced up. Beyond the pink feather garden, a school of blue fish with white polka dotted fins swam through a coral forest.
What odd-looking fish!
Everywhere Archer looked, he found things that were not only strange, some of them were downright scary…like that plant over there with blinking eyes!
There’s lots of stuff here I'm sure I’ve never seen. I have to be dreaming.
This isn’t a dream and you're very much alive, said Orcan. Because we talk with our thoughts, you need to learn to speak our language properly.
Archer gave Orcan a blank stare. What is he talking about?
Think of what you want to say and don’t say anything, Orcan suggested. I’ll hear you because the verbal language is a thought language before it’s spoken.
Oh, Archer responded. I can do that.
Orcan's hand signal urged him to mount and Archer cautiously approached the carpin. Manto shoved his nose toward him and nudged his arm. His white mane floated around his face and enhanced his light blue eyes. If one could ignore Manto's webbed front feet and dolphin-like tail, he looked exactly like a horse.
Archer stroked Manto's neck and told him, Orcan said I have to ride you. I don't know how to do that. I hope I do it right.
He threw a leg over Manto’s back, sat up straight and pressed his knees into the carpin's sides.
You've ridden before, Orcan remarked with an approving nod.
I don't remember.
Hold on tight.
Before Archer could respond to Orcan’s warning, Manto lunged. A surge of water hit him in the chest and sent him tumbling over the carpin's back. He caught a brief glimpse of something coming at him before Orcan grabbed his wrist and jerked him away from the jagged teeth of a coral tree.
I've got you, Orcan told him when Manto spun in the water, came back and stopped at Archer’s side.
I should have waited until you had a better grip, Orcan said. Manto is always eager for a race. Are you okay?
I'm fine, Archer replied through clenched teeth. Upset that he let the carpin throw him, he grabbed Manto's mane, hesitated and looked at Orcan.
We need to go, Orcan reminded him.
Why don't I just swim?
Because you can’t keep up with me.
All right. I'll try.
Archer threw a leg over Manto's back, leaned forward and grabbed him around the neck. After he pressed his body tight against the carpin's mane, he looked at Orcan.
Are you ready? asked Orcan.
Archer nodded. With a flip of his tail, Orcan sped ahead and Manto lunged. The water surged over Archer's head and he held his seat. Afraid to sit up for fear the water would push him off Manto's back, he pressed his body tight against Manto's neck and watched the sea floor whiz by.
A school of silver fish swam above a coral formation and changed direction in unison like a flock of birds. The sun reflected off their scales and flashed like a wall of mirrors beneath the sea.
Those are sea bream! Archer exclaimed and immediately wondered how he knew that. How can I know the name of a fish when I don't know my own?
Manto swam over a garden full of plants and fish in various shades of blue. Beyond that garden, he spotted a pink garden and then an orange one. They passed a forest of black coral trees surrounded by yellow sea feathers where purple sea urchins, red lobster and blue starfish formed colonies in and among clumps of black sea urchins.
Wow! Look at those colors!
A bubble-nosed fish darted in front of Manto and Archer stared in disbelief at its pink and black stripes. Fascinated by the odd and wonderful creatures, Archer didn't look up until Orcan spoke.
We're almost there.
In the distance, a red coral dome rose above a forest of black coral trees. Two Ichonauts, each holding a trident with a black coral staff, hovered on either side of the opening in its side. Headbands of woven grass held their dark hair away from their faces and they wore knives in braided kelp scabbards attached to their forearms. At Orcan’s approach, they raised the tridents in a salute.
More guys with tails and they look like Orcan, thought Archer. I wonder if they're triplets.
They're members of the Sea Guard, Orcan told him. And they don’t look like me. Most air breathers think that when they first arrive.
Orcan raised a hand, Manto shoved his tail down, came to a stop and almost threw Archer over his head. The only thing that prevented the near disaster was his grip on the carpin's mane. Orcan nodded at the guard before his hand signal told Archer to dismount. Eager to explore the interior of the red coral dome, Archer slid off Manto’s back but before he followed Orcan through the opening, he stopped to stare at the Ichonauts.
They do too look like Orcan! They must be triplets!
Archer followed Orcan through the hole in the dome and scanned the hallway he'd just entered. White stone walls ended at a latticed coral ceiling that allowed the morning sun to fill the space with light. Orcan had reached the end of the hall, approached an archway of stacked shells and disappeared through the opening. Archer hurried after him and found him in a room full of ancient artifacts.
What is this place? asked Archer. And why do I feel pressure in my chest? Are we in a trench or something?
This is a storage area for personal belongings the air breathers salvaged from their home after it sank to the sea floor, Orcan replied. It's normal to feel discomfort on the way to the Council Chamber. It's at the bottom of a cliff and it’s a long way down. Before we get there, we''ll travel through a series of rooms and hallways that used to be caves and tunnels.
Why would anyone go to the trouble to cover caves and tunnels with white stone? Archer wondered. And why am I surprised? Nothing I've seen since I got here makes sense.
Orcan's rapid pace through the maze had Archer so disoriented he didn't know which way was up. He'd taken so many turns and passed so many hallways, he hoped Orcan didn't ask him to find his way out. Terrified the Ichonaut might leave him, Archer ignored his aching muscles and swam with a fury that barely kept him within ten feet of Orcan's tail.
They entered a long hall and Archer slowed before he swam between two rows of white stone statues dressed in long, flowing robes. Intrigued with the unusual clothing, Archer swam close to inspect one of the statues and didn't see Orcan’s tail disappear around a corner.
Wow! This statue looks like a real person! It even has eyelashes. I'm going to rest a minute! If Orcan’s in that big of a hurry, he can pull me!
The mosaics on the wall behind the statues captured Archer's attention and he stared in wonder at people dressed in brightly colored robes that sparkled in the sun while they strolled the streets of a white stone city.
The people in the pictures are dressed like the statues!
Don't you mean the statues are dressed like the people? Orcan remarked when he swam around a corner and joined him.
What is this place?
It's a Memory Garden, Orcan told him. The stone people in this room lived in the land city before it sank beneath the waves.
That's silly, Archer retorted. Statues don’t live in cities.
If you stay with us, you'll discover many things you won’t understand, Orcan responded. If you’ve finished looking at statues, we have to go.
Can't we rest? I'm tired.
You’re getting better at our language, Orcan told him with a smile. You haven’t made bubbles since we left Myra.
I'm trying but I keep forgetting to think about what I want to say. Can everyone hear what we're saying?
If they listen, Orcan responded. And the council is probably listening.
Then they know I can't swim very fast.
It's not much farther. Do you really want me to pull you?
You were listening! You don’t have to pull me. But you might slow down so I can keep up.
Orcan smiled at his request and when they continued their journey through the hallways, Orcan slowed and Archer managed to stay at his side. They reached the end of a long hall and entered a room that contained more statues. One of the statues winked and Archer stopped to stare at it.
Statues don’t wink!
He looked again. A flicker of sunlight shining through the latticed opening at the top of the wall had created the illusion. Archer shook his head, looked up and found Orcan waiting.
I'm coming.
They swam into a small room where a spray of blue leaves, splattered with tiny white flowers, covered one wall. A shell vase, with a single pink flower, sat on a white stone table. Orcan approached a twisted coral arch, waved Archer to his side and when Archer looked into the room, he saw several people sitting behind a horseshoe-shaped table.
They don't have tails! I didn’t expect to find real people here!
Supreme Council, I bring the new air breather, Orcan announced when he entered the room. His name is Archer.
Thank you, Orcan, said the white-haired man at the head of the table. You may go.
Archer didn't see Orcan leave for he was staring in awe at the man Orcan addressed. He couldn't begin to guess the man's age because his unlined face and youthful body suggested he might be prematurely gray. The blue stars and silver scales scattered across the fabric of his white tunic and trunks sparkled like sequins. Archer blinked and looked again. The blue stars on the old man’s clothing were living starfish and the blue band on his arm unwound and swam away.
He's wearing living animals! What's that on his other arm? It looks like an eel. No. It's two eels! That's weird. Why is he wearing eels for bracelets?
Visibly amused by Archer's thoughts, the man spoke. So you're the air breather the killer wave dropped in our coral garden. My name is Skoro. You're fortunate you survived your mishap without serious injury.
At Skoro's words, a picture of a killer wave crashing down on a red and white sailboat flashed before Archer's eyes. With his heart pounding in fear, a wide-eyed Archer stared at Skoro.
I didn't mean to frighten you, Skoro told him. The wave can't harm you.
I’m okay, Archer told him.
Skoro turned to the woman on his right. This is Atra, Ruler of Plants and Small Fishes. She has a gift for you.
Atra's long blonde hair floated around her head and the baby starfish clinging to her turquoise swimsuit became visible when she rose from her seat and hovered on the other side of the table.
Archer blinked and looked again. There's a blue sea horse in her hair! There's another one! And another! There's a whole bunch of sea horses in her hair!
A red bracelet removed itself from Atra's wrist and swam toward him.
Is that an eel? No. It looks like a snake with a weird dorsal fin. I hope it's not a snake! I hate snakes!
When the creature approached Archer's face, he paddled backwards and stopped when he hit the wall behind him. The creature, whatever it was, circled his head and disappeared behind his left ear. Archer froze, afraid to move because he didn't know what it was or where it had gone. He glanced at the council members and found no one alarmed at his discomfort. He looked into Atra's smile but before he could speak, the red creature appeared on the other side of his head and returned to Atra's wrist.
Archer swam close to the table and pointed at it. What is that?
A feather snake, Atra told him. I trained it to greet everyone who meets with the council so it knows Balycon’s friends. Come closer.
Without taking his eyes off the snake, Archer swam toward her. Because he focused his attention on the snake's black button eyes, he didn't see Atra pick up a flower garland.
I welcome the one called Archer with this small gift, she said and placed it over his head. Archer opened his mouth to thank her but, before he could speak, she sat down and looked at Skoro.
Skoro introduced the next council member. Meet Mino, Ruler of Turtles and Sea Birds.
A slender man with light brown hair waved Archer toward him. Dressed in a matching sleeveless tunic and shorts woven from strands of brown kelp with ragged ends floating free, Mino greeted Archer with a broad smile. A turtle amulet, carved from a mottled green stone, lay against his chest at the end of a long gold chain. When Archer stopped in front of him. Mino reached out, took Archer's hand and placed a ring on his finger.
This ring holds special powers, Mino told him. Keep it with you always.
Wow! I've never had a ring before. At least I don't think so. Thank you.
While Archer stared at the tiny green turtle perched atop the gold band, a picture of turtles playing in the sea and birds nesting on the shore flashed through his mind. It was a happy image and he tried to keep it but it went away.
Why did I see the turtles and birds?
Before Mino could reply, Skoro introduced another council member. Tikra, Ruler of Coral and Shells.
Archer looked up to see a woman with long black hair in a dress of woven red sea grass waving at him. Braided grass ribbons adorned her arms and an intricate necklace made of red coral pieces encircled her neck.
Archer flashed Milo a smile before he swam toward Tikra. As soon as he was across from her, she reached out and told him, Give me your hand.
He extended his hand and she slipped a coral bracelet on his wrist.
This tells others you're a friend of Balycon's council and guarantees you a warm welcome in all of our settlements.
Pictures of undersea settlements filled with Ichonauts like Orcan and mermaids like Myra flashed through Archer's mind.
I keep seeing pictures whenever someone speaks to me. I don't know why it's happening but it's fun to watch movies in my head.
Koros, Ruler of Large Fishes.
At the other end of the table sat a muscular man with black hair and brown eyes dressed in a tank top and trunks layered with green netting. Iridescent blue scales attached to the netting reflected the morning sun and shot darts of blue fire around him. A shark's-tooth bracelet adorned his wrist and a second shark tooth, larger than his fist, dangled against his chest at the end of a gold chain.
As soon as Archer reached him, Koros spoke. If you decide to help us, I'll tell the sharks and dolphins to protect you.
Dolphins and sharks swimming in the open sea flashed through Archer’s mind. Confused at the image, he looked at Skoro, opened his mouth to speak and exhaled a mouthful of air. When the bubbles spewed out of his mouth, Archer panicked, sucked in a deep breath and choked.
Think of what you want to say, Skoro told him. We'll hear you.
Archer's nose filled with water. He closed his eyes, held his breath and struggled to relax. When he finally spoke, he was talking to himself.
I've drowned. I'm a ghost.
You didn't drown, Skoro assured him. And you're not a ghost. A killer wave brought you and your sailboat to the sea floor. We heard your call for help and sent Myra and Orcan to save you.
What's happening to me? Why can't I remember who I am or where I live. I don't even know where I am!

Chapter Two
Dangerous Challenge
Skoro smiled and assured Archer. You're safe with us and welcome to stay as long as you like
Remembering Orcan's suggestion, Archer clamped his mouth shut and thought about what he wanted to say. Why did you tell Orcan to bring me here? Why do you want to see me?
We need your help, Skoro replied.
At Skoro's words, a bulb went off in Archer's brain.
Wow! Orcan's right! The thought language is so easy anyone can do it! I didn't know you could learn a language this fast!
Archer grinned when Skoro told him, The thought language is only one of many things you'll learn if you stay.
You said you need my help. I'm just a kid. How can I help you?
A man named Chion is the Ruler of the frozen Kingdom of Palori. He plans to cover Balycon with ice and if he succeeds, we'll lose our home.
Before Skoro could continue, Archer interrupted. I can't stop a war.
Chion doesn't need to start a war to force us from our home. He initiated the first phase of his plan a few days before your arrival. We can't stop him without your help.
A picture of an underwater city surrounded by glaciers flashed through Archer's mind.
Why did I see a picture of a city in a frozen sea?
Because my words transmitted a description of Chion's kingdom, Skoro replied.
How do words send images?
The thought language is visual as well as verbal, Skoro told him. If you close your eyes while I speak, you'll not only hear my words, you'll see images that enhance them.
Intrigued with Skoro's suggestion, Archer closed his eyes and listened while Skoro told him about Palori. The images of a frozen city that flashed beneath his lids expanded into a bustling panorama beneath the sea.
Skoro's description of Chion's kingdom gave Archer a visual journey into Chion's palace, through a maze of hallways and stopped in a room where a man in a sleeveless tank top and shorts made from a blue metallic fabric, sat on an ice throne. A blue gemstone charm dangled at the end of a twisted gold chain and sunlight reflected off his gem-encrusted crown and shot darts of white fire around him. Skoro's words brought Chion's image close and Archer instinctively recoiled from the evil that radiated from the man's eyes.
Archer's eyes snapped open. He looked at Skoro and asked, Who's that mean-looking guy you just showed me?
That's Chion, Skoro told him.
Archer shuddered and shook his head to clear the man's features from his mind.
If he has a kingdom, he must have an army! Archer blurted. Grownups don't ask kids for help to fight people like that. At least I don't think they do. Are you sure you know what you're doing by asking me to help you?
Air breathers have unique abilities when they first arrive in Balycon, Skoro told him. Your age isn't a handicap for the task we have in mind. In fact, it's an advantage.
What are you talking about?
We learned long ago that, because of their lack of experience, a child reacts to danger much differently than an adult. That unique ability can often mean the difference between success and failure. The collar Myra placed around your neck not only increases your natural abilities, it gives you many more.
Archer glanced at each council member before he replied, All of you wear a collar. What makes me different?
As a new air breather to Balycon, you have skills that we lost long ago. If you agree to help and complete the task we describe, we'll invite you to stay. If you accept our invitation, you'll lose the ability to return to your home above the sea.
There was a quiver in Archer's words when he replied. I might as well not have a home. I don't know who I am or where I live.
The collar might help get your memory back, Skoro told him. But what we ask will be easier without distractions from your past.
What if I don’t want to help?
You’re welcome to stay if you like or Myra can take you to a distant shore and remove the collar. After a night's sleep, you'll awake with no memory of your visit here.
Archer considered Skoro's words. Waking up in an underwater world with no knowledge of who he was or where he lived had been bad enough. The thought of waking up on an unknown shore without his memory terrified him.
That’s not a choice. Until I remember who I am and where I live, I can't leave. Because I have to stay I might as well try to help you. What do you want me to do anyway?
A few days before you arrived, Chion’s guard attacked Balycon and carried away our most prized possession. If we don't get it back, he’ll cover Balycon with ice and destroy our home.
What did his guard steal?
A crystal trident that holds the memory of our heritage. We need you to find it and return it to its rightful place.
A picture of Chion’s evil face flashed through Archer's mind. If you're asking me to go to the frozen kingdom and fight Chion and his army, I can't do that.
The crystal trident isn't in Palori, said Skoro. Even if you won a fight with Chion, that wouldn't bring the crystal trident home or save Balycon.
I don't know what you want me to do.
Chion's guard hid the crystal trident on a distant island because no one in Balycon has the skills to retrieve it. We're asking you to locate its hiding place and bring it home.
How do you know it's on an island?
Mino's birds and turtles found it on the island of Coriana.
A picture of sea gulls circling a tropical island flashed through Archer’s mind. He looked at Skoro with a question in his eyes.
I don't understand. If you know where they took the crystal trident, why do you need a kid to help you?
The task requires your land skills.
What are land skills?
Chion's guard took the crystal trident to Coriana for a reason. Every air breather in Balycon can get there but without land skills, they can't leave the water. That's why we need your help.
Oh! said Archer when he finally understood. If I agree to help, how am I supposed to find this island?
You don't have to find it, Skoro told him. Orcan and a Sea Guard escort will take you there. This is a dangerous journey and you'll need their help to survive. Chion won't let you reach Coriana without sending his followers against you. After you reach Coriana, you'll find a difficult challenge. You have to cross a lagoon and reach Coriana's shore.
What makes that difficult?
Quintar stops all intruders.
Who's Quintar?
The largest Sea Dragon in our world.
A picture of a green dragon flashed through Archer’s mind and his eyes widened. You're asking me to fight a dragon!
No. I'm asking you to let Orcan and the guard help you develop the abilities the collar gives you and teach you how to use them before you reach Coriana.
What are you talking about, Archer mumbled. How can talking with my thoughts get me past a dragon?
Before you reach Coriana, your Ichonaut escort will explain the collar's other powers and help you develop the skills you need to complete this task.
Archer met the eyes of the council members. He looked at the ring and then the bracelet. He didn't want to go to an island guarded by a dragon but until he knew how to get home, he couldn't leave Balycon. Maybe if he helped the council, they'd help him get his memory back.
Are you sure I can do this? Archer asked.
Orcan and your escort will make sure you have everything you need to complete the task.
Okay, said Archer. I'll do it. I'll try to find your crystal trident.
Skoro smiled broadly. The council is pleased with your decision.
When do I leave?
Orcan will come for you at the new day's sun.
Skoro raised his hand in a signal, rose and left the room. The council members followed and smiled at Archer on their way out. After they'd gone, Archer touched the bracelet and the ring before he shook his head.
This has to be a dream. It's just too strange.
A noise made Archer look up and he found Orcan waiting in the doorway.
It's time to go, Orcan told him.
While Archer followed Orcan through the maze of hallways, he tried to remember how he got to Balycon. He might have lost his memory, but he knew people didn't live underwater. If he didn't drown, where was he? Did the killer wave Skoro mentioned bring him to an alien world?
The bracelet and ring must be important. But can they help me find and return the crystal trident? What are the dangers Skoro talked about? Maybe I should have said no and tried to find my own way home.
After they reached the top of the cliff and exited the dome-shaped structure, a flash of white caught Archer's eye.
There's Manto!
I called him to meet us after we left the Council Chambers, said Orcan. I’m leaving you now. Manto will take you to the Cone Tower Garden where Myra's prepared a meal. After that, she'll take you to your temporary home. Try to get a good night's rest and I'll see you in the morning.
Before Archer could reply, Orcan flipped his tail, spun in the water and darted away. Archer watched him disappear into a coral garden before he swam to Manto and patted him on the nose.
Orcan told me that you can take me anywhere I want to go, but he didn’t tell me how to give you instructions. How am I supposed to find Myra and the Cone Tower Garden? Maybe I should get on your back and see what happens.
Archer threw a leg over Manto's back and leaned forward. As soon as he had a firm grip on the carpin's mane and both legs pressed tight against his body, Manto lunged. The surging water almost pushed him into a coral tree, but he'd expected the move and his firm grip on Manto's mane kept him from being thrown.
Manto sped through the sea and the fish scattered in front of him. Manto showed Archer another version of his fish-chasing game when the fish didn't scatter, he plowed through them. The carpin's erratic movements nearly threw Archer more than once until they left the rocky reef and swam over a sand bar with no fish in sight. Only then could Archer loosen his grip and relax.
Riding a carpin is more difficult that it looks, Archer mumbled. But I’m getting the hang of it. I’d sure like to tell my friends about Manto.
A lump rose in his throat. I must have friends somewhere. I wish I could remember who they are and where they live.
Archer glanced at his wrist. Would I be wearing a watch inscribed to someone named Archer if I'm not Archer? After I get to the Cone Tower Garden, I'll see if it has more writing that I didn't notice. If I knew how to make Manto slow down, I'd do it now.
Manto immediately slowed and Archer stared at the carpin in confusion.
Wow! Did I do that?
I relayed your request to Manto, Orcan told him.
Orcan! Where are you? I can’t see you. How can I hear you? Are you still with me?
In a manner of speaking, Orcan replied.
Where's Manto taking me? Archer asked.
I told him to take you to the Cone Tower Garden.
Where are you? How can I hear you?
To make sure you get to Myra safely, I’m following your thoughts and talking to you with the thought language.
Oh! I wondered what was going on.
Manto darted around a coral tree and the abrupt change of direction almost unseated him. Archer tightened his grip on Manto's mane a moment before the carpin scattered a school of red fish covered with yellow polka dots.
More weird-looking fish!
Archer scanned the sea and found the polka-dotted fish weren’t the only odd fish. There was a pop-eyed fish with a blue tail, a fish with curly quills all over its body, and one that swam with its scales. How weird was that? Not only were the fish odd and unusual, Archer was pretty sure he’d never heard of a man with a tail who called himself an Ichonaut.
A huge fish approached on the left and Manto veered right to avoid a collision. Archer expected the move and didn't lose his balance but Manto’s rapid change of direction snapped his head sideways and put a crick in his neck. Before he could release his grip and rub his neck, Manto lunged toward the surface. If Archer hadn’t been holding on tight he would have toppled into a bed of purple sea feathers.
While Archer struggled to keep his seat, a picture of several horses tied to a fence flashed through his mind. A second image of a man helping a child into a saddle replaced the first.
That’s me and Dad! And that’s Gypsy!
The picture changed to a young girl astride a black horse that reared up, pawed the air and dumped her on the grass.
Gypsy lives at a riding stable. How can I remember Gypsy's name when I can't remember my own?
The pictures stopped and Archer couldn't remember anything else. His past remained a mystery but the brief glimpse of a life above the sea rekindled his hope that he'd get his memory back.
I hope Skoro's right. I hope the collar helps me remember.
Manto’s head broke the surface and he carried Archer completely out of the water. The humid air hit Archer in the face and he gulped a big breath. Before he could gulp another, Manto dove. The carpin hit the water and headed toward a blue coral forest. A large snake, its scales sparkling red and gold beneath the sun, emerged from a den beneath the coral. Archer stared in wonder at the 4-inch dorsal fin that fluttered in waves the length of its body.
That’s the reddest snake I’ve ever seen and the biggest! I hope Manto can outrun it!
Expecting Manto to make a run for it, Archer tightened his grip on the carpin's mane. But when Manto maintained a collision course with the snake, Archer panicked.
Get out of its way! Get out of its way!
Archer was about to jump off Manto's back but had second thoughts when he realized the carpin would probably leave him alone with the snake. He didn’t know what to do so he buried his face in Manto’s mane and closed his eyes.
Why did Orcan leave me? Why doesn’t Manto run away from the snake?
A circle of light appeared in the blackness beneath his lids and a picture of a red feather snake leaving Atra’s arm and swimming around his head appeared in the light.
Archer opened his eyes and stared at he snake. Is that a grown up feather snake?
The snake swam alongside Archer, turned its head sideways and stared at him with its black button eyes. Afraid to look away, Archer pressed his body tight against Manto’s neck and stared back. He might not know who he was or where he lived but he knew he hated snakes and this one scared him half to death. Hoping it would go away if he ignored it, Archer closed his eyes.
That thing is big enough to eat me! Manto, please hurry. Please find Myra.
Manto lunged. If Archer hadn’t been holding on tight, he’d have flown off Manto's back and into a garden of spiny star fish. Manto hadn't gone 10 feet when he threw his tail down, came to an abrupt stop and threw Archer over his head. Archer cartwheeled through the water and landed on the snake's back, his head on one side and his feet on the other.
“Help! Help! Get him away from me!” Archer cried and filled the sea with bubbles.
A hand grabbed him by the arm and pulled him off the snake.
You don't need to be afraid of Boja, Myra scolded.
Boy am I glad to see you!
Boja slid his head over Archer's shoulder and brushed Archer's cheek with his nose.
“Yikes!” Archer screamed through another mass of bubbles. “Help me! Help me!”
Boja. Stop that. You’re scaring the new air breather.
I'm afraid of snakes, Archer told her. Please make it go away.
Boja wants to be friends. He won’t hurt you.
Myra took Archer's hand and pulled him to a nearby boulder. Boja followed and continued to swim circles around them. Archer grabbed Myra's arm.
Please make it leave me alone!
Boja! Drop!
Boja dropped to the sand and coiled at the base of the boulder.
Archer's eyes widened. You trained a snake?
Atra trains the feather snakes, Myra replied. Boja stayed with her until he learned to be a guardian.
What’s a guardian?
The guardians keep the wild dragons away from Balycon.
Myra's words conjured an image of a green, flat-tailed dragon swimming through deep water. Although terrified of Boja, Myra's image gave Archer something else to worry about. Running into Boja was bad enough. He sure didn't want to run into any green dragons. Afraid Myra would send another terrifying image Archer stopped asking questions and joined her on the boulder.
Myra picked up two shells filled with frilly pink leaves and weird white globs. She handed one to Archer and told him, Orcan told me to make sure you had something to eat before I take you to your new home.
I'm really hungry, Archer replied and took the shell.
While Boja stared at Archer with his black button eyes, Archer stared back. He didn't know when he'd last eaten and didn't much care what Myra gave him until he glanced at the shell's contents.
What's that white stuff? he wondered.
Afraid Myra might tell him he had to eat something raw, Archer picked up a small morsel and looked at Myra. After she began to eat, he put the morsel in his mouth and chewed. To his surprise and relief, it had no taste.
Boja likes you, said Myra. It's unusual for him to greet new air breathers. Why don't you feed him?
You want me to feed a snake?
He’s very gentle, she assured him and held out a piece of meat. Let me show you.
Boja uncoiled, opened his mouth and Myra released the food. While it floated through the water, Boja caught it, gulped it down and returned to the sand.
Maybe if I feed him I won’t be afraid of him.
Archer found the largest morsel in his bowl and held it toward Boja. But when Boja uncoiled and moved toward him, it frightened him so badly he forgot to let go. Boja gently plucked the meat from his fingers and Archer jerked back in alarm.
You’re supposed to drop it, Myra scolded.
He scared me.
You should try again. Boja doesn't want to frighten you. He wants to be your friend.
What’s this pink stuff? Would Boja like that?
It's pona leaf, Myra replied. Most air breathers call it a honey plant. I don’t think Boja likes it. I’ve never seen him eat pona leaf.
Archer picked up another white glob. He'd show Myra he wasn’t afraid to feed the snake. He moved his hand toward Boja and the instant the snake uncoiled, he let go and jerked back. Boja plucked the morsel out of the water and returned to the sand.
I guess a pet snake is okay, said Archer. But he still scares me.
Myra popped a pona leaf in her mouth. Archer picked one up and looked at it, not thrilled about eating a pink frilly leaf. He put it in his mouth and chewed. His eyes widened in surprise when a sugary sweetness flowed over his tongue.
This tastes like candy! I'm glad Boja doesn't like pona leaves.
After you finish your meal, I'll take you to the Pearl Grotto where you'll stay as long as you live here.
Myra looked at Boja, raised her arm and pointed out to sea. Go, Boja. You can visit the air breather in the Pearl Grotto.
Boja uncoiled from the sand, swam toward Archer and circled his head. His floppy dorsal fin brushed against Archer’s body and Archer froze. The feather snake circled one more time before he turned and swam toward the edge of the Cone Tower Garden. When Boja looked back, Archer raised his hand and waved goodbye.
You made a new friend, Myra told him. Boja is a good friend to have.
I’m sure I’ve never had a snake for a friend before. At least I don’t think so.
Archer looked at the clouds drifting overhead and asked, Where am I?
This is Balycon, Myra replied. It’s been here a long time, almost as long as the white stone city. If you stay, you’ll meet air breathers who lived in the city before it sank to the sea floor.
Myra's words conjured pictures like those on the walls of the hallways he'd traveled on the way to the council. Archer closed his eyes. People strolled side-by-side down a tiled path in a white stone city near the sea. He marveled at their brightly colored robes, jeweled sandals and matching gemstone charms that sparkled in the sun.
He opened his eyes, looked at Myra and asked, Why am I seeing images of people in a city by the sea?
Because I’m telling you about the people who lived in the white stone city, Myra replied.
You’re sending images I can see with my eyes closed? Did you send the image of the green dragon?
Did you forget Skoro told you the images are part of our language?
I saw images when Orcan and Skoro talked to me but I didn't understand what Skoro meant. Why do your words show me people in shining robes?
I told you, Myra replied with an impatient shake of her head. Those are the people I’m talking about.
Archer shook his head. Myra's explanation didn't make sense unless she was showing him images of the mosaic pictures he'd seen on the way to the council. Surely she couldn't show him images of people in the city unless she’d seen them and how could she see them if she lived in the sea?
I didn't have to see them, she responded. My mother showed me the thought pictures.
I don’t think I've ever heard of a place called Balycon, Archer remarked. Will you tell me about it?
Myra gave him a startled glance.
Why are you surprised at my question? asked Archer.
Most air breathers ask about the collar, she told him. They want to know how it lets them live here. No one has ever asked about my home before.
Myra stared into the distance before she spoke again. My mother traveled to these gardens in the long ago past to start a new settlement. After she and her followers arrived, they found an island and a city with air breathers living in white stone buildings. Before the city sank beneath the waves, she made friends with the air breathers and placed collars on the babies they bathed at the shore. After the water covered the land, those who wore the collar survived. Mother taught them the silent language of the sea and how to survive here. The air breathers missed their home and later rebuilt the white stone city on the sea floor.
What city? I didn’t see a city. What are you talking about?
Before Myra could reply, Archer asked another question. Do you know why the council wanted to see me?
Everyone knows Chion's guard took our crystal trident and the council needs an air breather to get it back.
I'm pretty sure I've never heard of a crystal trident. What is it anyway?
After the water destroyed the land city, a pink-tailed Ichonaut brought the crystal trident to Pacion and told him the trident would let him talk with air breathers in other kingdoms. Although Chion's guard took our crystal trident, he can't cover Balycon with ice if we get it back.
Fascinated with the images that accompanied Myra's words, Archer wanted her to keep talking so he could watch this unusual movie in his mind. What a strange and wonderful world he'd found.
The council told me the crystal trident is on the island of Coriana. What can you tell me about the island?
All I know are the stories about the dragon that lives in Coriana’s lagoon, she replied. His name is Quintar and everyone says he’s the largest dragon in the sea.
Myra's words conjured an image of a dragon like the one he'd seen while talking with Skoro except Myra's dragon swam on the surface with its tiny clawed feet tight against its body. Quintar's large yellow eyes peered out from beneath half-closed lids and his shimmering green scales made Archer shudder. According to Skoro he would meet this dragon when he reached Coriana and hoped he didn't have to fight it.
How big is Quintar anyway?
Finish your food, Myra told him. After I show you where you'll live, I'll take you to Pacion. He'll answer your questions and let you see Quintar in his crystal ball.
Crystal ball? Now what was she talking about? Instead of asking, Archer said, I'd like that.
He gulped the tasteless food, poked a few pona leaves in the pockets of his tattered shorts and gave Myra the empty shell. Myra finished her meal, scrubbed the shells with a piece of soft coral and stacked them in the sand. She looked up, gave him a nod and launched herself off the boulder with a flip of her tail. Like Orcan, she held her arms tight against her sides while she swam and her tail propelled her through the water. Her hair streamed behind in long black tendrils that wrapped around her body and the scales on her tail shone like green silk beneath the waves.
It isn't far to the Pearl Grotto, she told him.
Why do you call it the Pearl Grotto?
You'll discover the answer to that question after we get there, she replied. Many air breathers have stayed there over the years and they liked it very much.
Archer didn't reply. It didn't matter where he stayed. He wanted to get his memory back and leave - the sooner the better.
Unlike Orcan, Myra swam slowly and her leisurely pace let him study his surroundings. Colorful fans curved across the sand and formed low borders around sea feather gardens. A nearby garden hosted a school of yellow fish that darted in and out of its rainbow-hued flowers. A trail in the sand led toward a small mound and Archer stopped, reached down and scooped up a mottled green shell shaped like a double fan. When he returned it to the sand, he caught a motion out of the corner of his eye and looked up in time to see several mermaids swimming toward a red coral forest.
Archer pointed at the mermaids. Where are they going?
To the outer gardens, Myra replied. That's why Boja followed you. He's supposed to go with them and protect them from dragons.
Archer couldn't begin to imagine what she was talking about. How could a snake do that? He brushed the thought aside and picked up a yellow ball the size of a cantaloupe. He turned it over and traced five bony lines on its underside with his finger. When he returned it to the sea floor, he added it to the pink, lavender and blue balls nearby before he picked up a blue and white cone shell as large as a coffee mug.
Put that down!
Archer looked up and found Myra glaring at him.
I said put that down!
Archer dropped the shell.
What's wrong? Why are you yelling at me?
Be careful what you touch. There's danger in unlikely places.
That didn't look dangerous. I picked it up because I don't think I've ever seen a shell that color.
Don't ever do that again!
Do what?
Pick up loose shells.
Why not?
Cone shells kill their prey with poison. The poison in that one is strong enough to kill an Ichonaut.
Archer stared at the shell like it was going to jump up and bite him. He glanced up and found genuine concern in Myra's eyes.
It's important you pay attention to everything around you and don't touch anything until you know it's safe!
I'll be careful, he promised.
Myra waved him to follow, swam over a clump of purple shells, dropped over the edge of a cliff and headed for deep water. Archer's curiosity kept him close to her green tail while they swam down the cliff face and into the blackness. He didn't know where all those dragons lived she kept talking about but he wasn't about to let her get out of sight.
Myra stayed close to the rocks which suited Archer just fine. He amused himself by inspecting the plants clinging to the cliff face before he started counting the different kinds of odd-looking fish he found. The magical quality of this underwater world had captured his imagination and he wanted to see more of it. Myra stopped and pointed at a large crack in the face of the cliff.
We've arrived at the Pearl Grotto.
What are you talking about? That’s a rock.
We have to swim through the rock to get to the Pearl Grotto. Follow me and I’ll show you.
What is she talking about? We can't swim through a rock!

Chapter Three
Pearls and Rainbows
Myra swam upward, stopped a few feet beneath the whitecaps and dashed through the narrow gash in the rock. Archer followed her through a dimly lit tunnel that ended at a salt-water pool surrounded by the remains of a lava flow from an extinct volcano. Myra surfaced, approached a flat-topped boulder and lifted herself out of the water. Eager to see the pool, Archer joined her and, after a brief inspection of the enclosed space, closed his eyes to bask in the sun.
“Man it feels good to be out of the water!”
He breathed deep, filled his lungs with warm, moist air and opened his eyes when Myra touched his arm.
She pointed at the pitted lava walls and spoke aloud in a voice that made Archer stare at her in disbelief. “This is your home as long as you stay here. There's plenty of food so you don't have to leave to find something to eat”
“Your voice sounds like bells! I didn't know you could talk like me!”
“Mermaids and Ichonauts talk like air breathers when we’re out of the water,” she told him.
“You keep telling me I have to live here but you didn't tell me why.”
“Until you learn to avoid the dangers in the sea, this is the only place you can be alone and know you're safe."
“Orcan left me alone.”
“Orcan didn’t leave you alone. He left you with Manto.”
“Some help he was. He didn’t even try to run away from Boja.”
“Boja is Manto's friend. He didn’t need to run away.”
Myra pointed at the gray shells hugging the rocks beneath the water's surface.
“What are those?” asked Archer.
“They're pearl fish. You may have as many as you want when you get hungry.”
“I can't eat something in a shell!”
“Orcan will bring you a tool to open them and show you how to wrap them in pona leaves.”
Archer gagged. “Are you telling me I have to eat raw food?”
Before Myra could reply, Archer glanced at the bottom of the pool and sucked in his breath. Hundreds of shimmering pearls, all colors and sizes, covered every inch of space between the boulder and the rock walls.
"Are those real?”
"They come from the pearl fish,” Myra replied. “You'll find one in every shell."
"Wow!"
Myra pointed at a garden of pink leaves growing at the base of the rocks. "Those are pona leafs."
“That's a lot of pona leaves! I have my own candy store!”
Although excited about the pona leaves, it was the shimmering pearls that drew Archer's attention. While he stared at what could only be described as a fortune in gems scattered across the bottom of the pool, a picture of a red and white sailboat sailed over them and faded from view.
Archer sat back, closed his eyes, covered his face with his hands and fought back tears.
“What's wrong?” asked Myra.
“I saw a red and white sailboat.”
"Are you remembering your past?”
"I think so," Archer replied through the lump in his throat. "But it was a sad memory. Can we go now?"
"We'll leave after I tell you about Zondo," Myra replied.
“What's a Zondo?”
“The air breathers that lived here in the past called him a moray eel. His den is in the tunnel we swam through to get here. He's your personal guardian and will protect you from harm during your stay in the Pearl Grotto.”
An image of a long black body connected to a head with a mouth filled with sharp teeth flashed through Archer's mind. The image was so close and so real that he jerked backward and almost fell off the rock.
"Man, he's scary looking! Is he dangerous?"
"Only to strangers."
“I just swam past a big black eel and it didn't attack me!”
“Because I brought you to the Pearl Grotto, Zondo knows you're my friend,” she replied.
“I've been frightened by images of green dragons, terrified by a red snake that wants to be my friend, almost bit by a deadly cone shell and now you're telling me that I have to share the Pearl Grotto with an eel large enough to eat me alive! Now that I know about Zondo, can we go now?”
“After you call Manto.”
“Orcan said you'd teach me how to call him."
“Manto knows this is your home. Call him and we'll go to Pacion."
“How do I call him?”
“Tell him to come to you."
Archer shook his head in bewilderment, raised his head and whistled.
“That's not the way to call Manto!"
“That's the way Orcan called him."
“Call Manto by name and tell him to come to the Pearl Grotto."
“I can talk to Manto with my thoughts?”
“Manto is smart like Boja.”
“This is crazy!” Archer responded and looked at the sky. “Okay. Here goes.” Manto, come to the Pearl Grotto.
“We can leave now,” Myra told him.
“How do we know Manto heard me?"
“You'll find the answer to that question when we reach the outer sea.”
Before Archer could comment, Myra slipped into the water, dove beneath the surface and swam toward the tunnel. Archer rose to his feet and launched into a dive. Terrified Myra might leave him behind and he'd run into Zondo, Archer swam as fast as he could but barely kept her green tail in sight.
The knowledge that a moray eel lived in the tunnel wasn't the only reason for his speed. He wanted to find out if Manto heard and responded to his call. When Myra exited the tunnel, Archer was directly behind her. He stopped, scanned the sea and found Manto bounding toward them.
He heard me! I called him! I really called him!
Archer swam to Manto, patted him on the nose and mounted.
Tell him where you want to go, Myra told him.
Archer looked at her with puzzlement in his eyes. How do I do that when I don't know where I want to go?
Tell Manto you want to see Pacion, she told him.
But I don’t know Pacion and I don’t know where he is, was Archer's frustrated response.
Manto knows everyone in Balycon. Tell him what you want him to do.
Afraid to tell Manto anything until he had a firm grip, Archer pressed his knees tight against the carpin’s sides and buried both hands in his mane. After he felt reasonably secure, he leaned against Manto’s neck and closed his eyes.
Take me to Pacion.
Manto lunged! The water surged over Archer's head and when he opened his eyes, he found Myra swimming beside him. She darted in front of Manto and the carpin threw his tail down to pick up speed. Manto swam over the top of her, made a sharp turn and cut across her path. The rapid change of direction tore Archer's legs free and threw him off Manto's back. His grip on Manto's mane kept him from being thrown until Myra made Manto slow so he could climb back on. After Archer regained his seat, he threw both arms around Manto's neck and held on tight.
I’m not going to fall off again, he muttered. I won’t! I won’t! I won’t!
Manto slapped his tail down and bolted. Archer raised his head to see where they were going, a wall of water hit him in the face and snapped his head back. For the second time in less than five minutes, he almost wound up on the sea floor.
Why is everyone in such a hurry?
Myra and Manto’s race took them through a garden of orange plants and fish where Manto changed course several times to scatter fish and make them dive for cover. A frightened ray bolted from beneath the sand and skittered to safety. While Manto and Myra flew over the sea floor Archer hunkered down in the carpin’s mane with his eyes closed. He didn't see their tails churn up the sand or the silt that formed a billowy cloud behind them. Nor did he see Myra dive over the edge of a cliff and head into a dark abyss.
Only after the pressure built in his chest did Archer open his eyes and see Myra leading Manto into a black void did Archer panic. Where are we going? Where are you taking me?
Myra didn’t reply nor slow her speed. Terrified they might find a dragon in the deep water, Archer stared into the darkness. Should he leave Manto and swim to shallow water? Before he could decide what to do, a flash of light on the cliff face grabbed his attention.
What’s that?
Myra and Manto raced toward the light and came to a stop in front of a cave surrounded by a circle of sparkling stones. Myra's hand signal told Archer to dismount, and, eager to see the inside of the cave, he released Manto's mane and swam free. He gave Manto a pat on the nose before the carpin flipped in the water and bounded away.
What do you call this place? Archer asked.
This is the entrance to the Rainbow Cave where Pacion lives.
Myra waved Archer to follow, swam past the sparkling stones and led him into a tunnel covered with millions of crystal points. Sunlight from the open sea reflected off the crystal points and created hundreds of multicolored ribbons that floated through the water.
The dancing colors made Archer so dizzy that he had to stop and close his eyes. When he opened them to look for Myra, he found her wavy silhouette waiting for him at the tunnel's exit. Archer's head spun. He blinked but couldn't focus his eyes or clear his blurred vision. But when his eyes crossed and all he could see was both sides of his nose, he shook his head in defeat.
What's wrong? Myra asked. Why did you stop?
The rainbows are making me dizzy. I can't get my eyes to focus.
We're almost there, Myra told him. Do you want me to take your hand?
I don't think so.
Archer closed his eyes and when he opened them, darts of green fire exploded off Myra's tail and shot through the floating rainbows like a burst of fireworks. The dizziness returned with a vengeance and Archer closed his eyes for fear he might pass out.
I have to wait a minute.
Pacion knows we’re here. Myra reminded him. He's waiting to meet you.
Archer opened his eyes. The dizziness ebbed. Everything came into focus and he forced a smile.
I can see again, he told her.
Myra waved him to follow but before Archer could move, she flipped in the water and disappeared. Archer reached the end of the tunnel and stopped at the entrance to a large cave. Like the tunnel they’d just traveled, raw crystal points covered every inch of the cavern walls. A hundred feet above the floor, the morning sun streamed through a large hole and cast its light on the largest crystal ball he'd ever seen. The rainbows collided with stars exploding off the faceted crystal ball in a fireworks display that dazzled the eye.
Wow! Double wow! How did they get that crystal ball in here?
Beyond the crystal ball, partially hidden in the rainbows, an old man floated in and out of Archer's vision. Before Myra could introduce him to Pacion, a ray of sunlight bounced off Pacion’s crystal girdle and the resulting flash of white light forced Archer to close his eyes. Swirling rainbows filled the blackness beneath his lids and his dizziness returned. Myra took his hand, pulled him through the water and brought him to Pacion's side.
Hello, Pacion, Myra greeted. I've brought the new air breather. His name is Archer.
Archer opened his eyes, narrowed them to a squint and peered through his fingers at Pacion. The instant Archer looked into the old man's twinkling blue eyes, his dizziness vanished and a feeling of peace washed over him. Pacion's long white hair and flowing beard framed a gaunt and unlined face. His only adornment, other than his crystal girdle, was a crystal amulet that lay against his bare chest at the end of a twisted gold chain.
I've been expecting you, Pacion told him. Your blonde hair and violet eyes remind me of someone from my past.
I'm going now, Myra announced. Don't forget to call Manto before you leave and tell him to take you to the Pearl Grotto.
With a flip of her tail, Myra spun in the water and disappeared. Archer heard her parting words, but didn't see her go because he couldn't stop staring at Pacion. The floating rainbows had lost their power to hypnotize and wrapped him in a feeling of belonging. He'd just arrived and didn't want to leave.
I'll answer your questions later, Pacion told him. There's something I want to show you. Come close to the crystal ball.
An image of a gypsy fortune teller sitting at a table with a crystal ball in front of her flashed through Archer’s mind.
Why did I see that? Is it a memory from my past? Is Pacion a fortune teller? Can he use his crystal ball to tell me who I am and where I live? Is that why Myra brought me here?
Pacion ignored Archer's questions and told him, Put your hands on the crystal ball and close your eyes.
Bewildered and confused by Pacion’s words, Archer closed his eyes and muttered, How can you show me something with my eyes closed? That's the silliest thing I've ever heard.
The crystal ball is going to take us on a journey, said Pacion. You can open your eyes after we reach our destination.
Archer opened his eyes and lifted his hands off the crystal ball. Do you want me to call Manto?
Close your eyes and keep them closed, Pacion repeated and gently placed Archer’s hands on the crystal ball. Stay relaxed, Pacion told him. Trust me to keep you safe and I’ll show you a sight you'll find impossible to believe.
Archer closed his eyes but they almost popped open when his body rose upward. Pacion increased the pressure against his fingertips until he remembered Pacion's instructions and relaxed.
A white light appeared in the blackness beneath Archer lids then dimmed to reveal a white stone city beside the sea.
Is that the city Myra told me about?
Before Archer could pursue that thought, gravity fell away and, in the blackness beneath his lids, he stared at images of stone statues dressed in long robes while he tumbled like a leaf on a puff of air.
This is scary. I hope we get there soon.
An instant later Archer's bare feet touched something cool and soft. He wiggled his toes and buried them deep in the cool grass.
What happened to my shoes? Did I have shoes?
We’ve arrived, Pacion announced. You may open your eyes.
Archer opened his eyes and his mouth dropped open at the sight of a white stone city near the shore of a protected cove. He turned to say something to Pacion and blinked. A clean-shaven young man with blond hair stood beside him.
“You’re not Pacion! Who are you?”
“Don’t be alarmed,” the young man replied in a deep warm voice. “I’m the same Pacion you met in the Rainbow Cave.”
“How can you be Pacion? What happened to you?”
“You’ll discover the answer to that question in the next few minutes,” Pacion assured him. “I told you to be prepared for the impossible.”
Archer shook his head and muttered, “Where are we anyway?”
“This is the city of Lemandia before an earthquake and tidal wave sent it to the sea floor. I should have told you before we left the Rainbow Cave that my appearance would change. You see me as I looked hundreds of years ago.”
"Wow!" Archer remarked. "Did we just travel through time? I wish I could tell my friends!”
The instant Archer spoke, he remembered that he'd arrived at a strange world that kept getting stranger by the minute. He didn't know if he had friends. Maybe if he knew who he was and how he got here, everything would make sense.
“Will I get my memory back? Will I remember who I am?"
"Time will answer your questions,” Pacion assured him. “It's been a long time since my last visit to my homeland and I brought you here to show you around. Don't worry about the people. They may sense our presence, but they can't see us."
"I knew it!” Archer declared. “Now I know what's happened to me. If the people can’t see us that means we’re ghosts! That explains how I can breathe underwater, how we can travel into the past and why I don’t need to know who I am!"
Pacion had answered his most urgent question. Archer finally knew how he could wake up in a world filled with mermaids, Ichonauts and weird fish.
"No, Archer, you’re not a ghost," Pacion replied with a twinkle in his eyes. "The collar Myra placed around your neck not only gives you unusual skills it allows you to join me on this journey."
Archer didn't care what anyone said. He couldn't be alive. People didn't live underwater and they didn't travel through time. He didn’t know or even care if ghosts did those things.
“Why did you bring me here?”
“You told the council that you'd help them bring the crystal trident home,” Pacion replied. “This visit to Lemandia will let you understand some of the things you may see on the way to Coriana.”
“Why won't someone tell me what's happening to me?”
“Be patient and trust in the knowledge your questions will find answers,” Pacion replied.
“How can a visit to an old city help me find the crystal trident?”
“Study the people while we stroll through the city. They'll help you discover skills you'll need on your quest.”
Archer had no idea what Pacion was talking about but until he found out who he was, he couldn't do anything about it.
I might as well enjoy the trip and pretend I'm on a new adventure, he mumbled under his breath.
Pacion took him down a street that ended at a tiled plaza surrounded by four identical buildings. A kidney-shaped fountain with a pink flower sculpture on a silver stem stood in the plaza's center.
Archer wondered if the buildings might be temples but before he could ask, Pacion took him out of the plaza and onto a path lined with statues like those he’d seen on the way to the council. They followed the path to a park where people gathered around a playground to watch the children play. A little girl reached up, grabbed a handful of air and gave a cry of delight when she opened her hand and tossed a yellow ball to her playmates.
“She didn't have that ball a minute ago!” Archer exclaimed. “Where did she get it?”
Pacion smiled and replied, “The child just showed you one of the skills of these ancient people. They create everything in their world with the power of their minds."
“That's not possible.”
“You've come from a world that hasn't explored this possibility,” Pacion told him. “The collar Myra gave you lets you create matter with your mind.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The wave that crashed over your boat and brought you to Balycon carried you through a portal and into the parallel world of the immortals. This world is governed by different laws than those in the world of your childhood. The collar Myra gave you will help you develop skills that let you do amazing things.”
“If these people had all those powers you're talking about, why is the white stone city on the sea floor? How could they lose their home? Why didn't they save it?”
Pacion sighed and met Archer’s eyes. "Everything happens for a reason. Remember this truth every time you wonder why the wave brought you to Balycon.”
“What happened to the people after they lost their home?”
“Many wore a collar like the one Myra gave you. They managed to survive, adapt to the underwater world and teach their new friends many skills. The Ichonauts and mermaids can create matter with their minds but they seldom use the air breathers' gift.”
“Can I really do that?”
“That and more,” Pacion told him. “You've seen what I brought you to see. Let’s go home.”
The word ‘home’ tugged at Archer’s heart. Home. Did he have a home?
Pacion’s fingers closed around Archer's hand and at Pacion's nod, Archer closed his eyes. Images of white stone buildings floated beneath his lids and when the pictures turned into swirling rainbows, Archer knew they were approaching the Rainbow Cave. As soon as Pacion placed his hands on the crystal ball, Archer opened his eyes and shook his head when he discovered Pacion was an old man again.
Did I imagine what just happened? Did we really travel into the past?
We traveled into the past but not in the way that you might think, Pacion replied. What I've shown you is important. During your search for the crystal trident, you'll remember the living city. That memory will help you in your quest.
Why can't you tell me what's happening to me?
You'll find the answer to that question at the proper time, Pacion assured him.
Archer didn't like the answer to his question. He shook his head and asked, Can you describe the crystal trident and show me what Quintar looks like?
There’s no need for me to describe the crystal trident, Pacion remarked. I’ll show it to you. Close your eyes.
Archer knew better than to ask how he could see something with his eyes closed and did as Pacion suggested. A white glow appeared in the blackness beneath his lids and parted to reveal a gold trident standing upright on a star burst stand. The intricate designs etched on its three prongs matched those on the six gold bands that separated seven faceted crystal balls that formed the trident's staff. The image vanished and Archer opened his eyes.
I thought you used tridents to catch fish. Why is it on a stand? What makes it special?
Its powers are a mystery, Pacion replied. A pink-tailed Ichonaut gave me the crystal trident after Lemandia sank beneath the waves. He told me it had special powers but perished before he could show me how to use it.
How did you show it to me?
Creating images others can see isn’t difficult, Pacion explained. When I see an object in my mind, others will see it too.
I saw similar images when Skoro and Myra talked about the crystal trident but they weren't as clear as this one. Why does the crystal trident have a gemstone staff? Is that what makes it special?
The pink-tailed Ichonaut told me there are three tridents with gemstone staffs. I didn't understand what he meant then and don't understand what he meant now. The only memory I have of that time remains a mystery even after all these years.
What do you mean? asked Archer.
The pink-tailed Ichonaut told me the gemstone tridents are symbols of our beginning and the source of our understanding of our world.
That was a bunch of Greek to Archer! Before he could ask Pacion to explain further, the light flickered and Pacion glanced at the hole in the ceiling.
Evening is near and the crystal light fades. It's time for you to go.
Myra told me I have to stay at the Pearl Grotto. Before I leave, will you tell me why I see images in my head every time someone talks to me?
Pacion smiled. Because you're asking everyone that question, you must be finding it difficult to understand the concept. The images are part of our language and automatically created when we speak. You won't understand them at first even though they help you see everything you're told. Later, if you decide to stay, you'll discover they have a deeper meaning.
Can I come back to see you?
Pacion smiled at the question and replied, You're always welcome.

Chapter Four
Dinner Is Served
Archer waved goodbye to Pacion, headed for the exit and remembered to call Manto halfway to the open sea.
Manto. Come to the Rainbow Cave.
Certain the carpin not only heard him but would respond to his call, Archer glanced back. Pacion was gazing into the crystal ball and the rainbows that had greeted him on his arrival had faded into the shadows.
What an amazing man and an amazing place. I have to come back.
Archer found Manto waiting when he reached the open sea and greeted the carpin with a pat on the nose. Before mounting, he turned for one last look and found the fading crystals outside the cave no longer announced the amazing wonders inside
Comfortable in the knowledge that he had securely attached himself to the carpin, the trip to the Pearl Grotto held no surprises or potential disasters. Even when Manto chased fish, Archer had gained enough experience to anticipate the carpin's moves and maintain his balance. Early evening had claimed the sea and stars had appeared in the sky by the time Manto stopped at the gash in the rock that would take him to the Pearl Grotto. Archer dismounted and waited for Manto to bound out of sight before he approached the hidden tunnel.
I shouldn't have stayed so late with Pacion. I don't know where the day went. I hope Zondo's in bed and there's enough light to let me find my way. After all of Myra's warnings about green dragons, I can't stay out here.
More frightened of the short journey through the dark tunnel than he cared to admit, Archer slowly swam through the gash in the rock. The instant he slid into the tunnel, an image of a black eel with a mouth full of sharp teeth appeared in his mind's eye and he almost turned and fled.
Yikes! I didn't want to see that!
Light filtered through cracks in the overhead rocks and gave Archer enough light to see where he was going and he saw no sign of Zondo on his way to the salt-water pool. He swam over a stack of brownish-yellow leaves before he reached the flat boulder and pulled himself out of the water.
Where did the leaves come from? he wondered. Maybe Myra brought them for some reason.
After he sat on the rock, he noticed he still wore Atra's flower garland around his neck and muttered aloud, “Why didn't I leave the flowers here before Myra took me to see Pacion? I sure don't need to wear this to bed.”
Archer put the garland on the boulder before he admired the coral bracelet and the turtle ring.“The bracelet is pretty but I really like this ring Mino gave me. Before I do anything else, I'm going to see if there's enough light to let me read everything written on the back of my watch.”
Archer removed the watch, turned it over and read,
Happy Birthday, Archer,
on your 14th birthday.
Love Mom and Dad.
“Nothing. There's nothing else. This doesn't tell me anything. Maybe there's something in my pockets.”
He jammed his hand into the right pocket in his trunks and pulled out a dime, two pennies and several pona leaves.
“I'll try the other pocket.”
This time he found a stick of gum with a piece of foil clinging to one end and more pona leaves.
“This stuff won't tell me who I am! And look at me! My trunks are full of holes and my T-shirt is ripped. What happened to my shoes? I've been going all over the place dressed in rags and flowers! Maybe Orcan can find me something to wear.”
Archer shook his head, stifled a yawn and hung his feet over the water. “It's been a long day. I'm tired and I'm supposed to call a pool of water in the middle of an ocean my home. It's not much but Myra says it's safe.”
Archer lay back. “This is the hardest bed ever. How can I sleep on a rock?”
He rolled on his stomach, peered into the pool and looked at the leaves.
“I know what those leaves are for! I bet Myra brought them so I can sleep underwater!”
Archer slid into the pool, swam to the leaves and pulled the top leaf off the pile. Not only was it silky smooth, it was wide enough to serve as a blanket. Archer lay down on the pile, snuggled in and pulled the loose leaf over his body.
This is the best bed ever!
Archer raised his arm and the tiny light on his watch reflected off the pearls. The only thing from his past told him his name was Archer and he had a Mom and Dad. Why couldn't it tell him who they were and how to find them?
I wonder what the buttons are for.
He pressed the button on the right side of the watch. A window lit up and 1800 appeared.
What’s that supposed to mean?
He pressed another button and the window displayed April l3.
The first number must be the time. A watch that tells the date and time won't tell me who I am.
He read the inscription. Happy Birthday, Archer. Before he could read further, a lump rose in his throat and tears threatened.
Why does a birthday greeting make me want to cry?
He lay back, snuggled in the leaves and thought about everything that had happened since his arrival in Balycon.
This has to be the weirdest day I've experienced in my whole life. How did I get here and how did Pacion take me to that old city? What did he mean when he told me a killer wave brought me to a parallel world? Why can't I remember what happened before I woke up with Myra beside me?
Archer held up his hand, looked at the ring and traced the carved shell of the miniature turtle with his fingers. Can a turtle ring help me find and return the crystal trident? It doesn't matter if it can't. I like the little green turtle and I'll treasure Mino's gift.

Archer looked at the coral bracelet. How can I recognize coral like I knew those fish were sea bream? I also know coral is hard and brittle. How did someone weave it into a bracelet?
While Archer pondered his questions, night arrived at the Pearl Grotto. The sky changed from silver gray to black and filled with stars. Captivated by the stars, he found comfort in their presence and couldn't resist the urge to connect them with imaginary lines across the sky.
Why do I like the stars so much. Why are they important to me? Why can’t I remember?
His hand went to the collar. I forgot to ask Pacion about the collar. I got so excited at seeing that old city I forgot to ask him anything.
When Archer lay back and closed his eyes, the swirling ribbons in the Rainbow Cave pushed everything from his thoughts. He had to go back and learn how Pacion took him into the past. With images of the white stone city tumbling through his mind, Archer fell asleep and swam through rainbows in his dreams.

Dressed in a suit of silver armor with a helmet in his hands, Archer stood in the castle courtyard. Stuck on the side of the helmet, a pink feather fluttered in the breeze, a good luck token from Lady Myra. Twin blond squires, dressed exactly alike, entered the courtyard and walked toward him. One led a white horse in full body armor and the other carried a sword with flashing jewels in the hilt. They stopped in front of him, the castle gates opened and the drawbridge dropped over the moat.
“Thank you, Nick”, said Archer when he put on the helmet and mounted the horse.
“Thank you, Nate,” he told the other squire when he accepted the sword. “I’m off to slay the dragon!”
Nick and Nate raised their fists in solidarity. “Godspeed, Sir Archer!”
Archer dug his heels into the horse’s flanks and galloped off.

The vivid dream brought Archer awake and his eyes popped open. The morning sun shone through a bank of clouds scudding across the sky. He started to rise and panicked when he couldn't get his arms and legs untangled from the leaves he'd been sleeping in. But when the events of the day before flooded in, he lay back and relaxed.
I don't need to panic, he mumbled. That was some dream! I don't know where the knights and castles came from and wish I could tell it to someone.
Archer stretched his arms over his head and flexed his muscles. He wiggled his toes and the leaves miraculously unwound from his right foot. With both hands and one foot free, he pulled the remaining leaves off his body and swam to the surface.

Archer grabbed the boulder, closed his eyes and pulled himself out of the water. The instant he swung around to sit down, a hand grabbed his shoulder. His eyes popped open and he found Orcan grinning at him.
“Man, you scared me! Where did you come from anyway? Hey, do you want to hear about my dream?’
“We don't have time for dreams this morning,” Orcan replied. “The sun has started its journey across the sky and we've a long way to go before it falls beneath the waves. I brought you a few things.”
“I hope it’s food. I’m starving. I could eat bacon and eggs with hash browns and biscuits with strawberry jam!”
Orcan shook his head at Archer's enthusiasm, held out some shining white fabric and told him, “We’ll eat before we leave Balycon. In the meantime, I believe you need a change of clothes.”
“Wow! I was going to ask if you could find me something. That was the last thing I thought about last night. How did you know? Never mind,” Archer told him with a laugh. “Whether I like it or not, you and everyone else around here probably listen to my every thought.”
Archer took the fabric from Orcan and shook it out. Its silky texture and fresh, clean smell reminded him of the towels his Mom always put in his bathroom. A fleeting memory and then it was gone.
“A tank top and matching trunks! You brought me a two-piece swimsuit like Skoro's!”
“Skoro asked me to bring you proper clothing for the journey,” said Orcan.
“I really need this. My cutoffs are a mess. Will you thank him for me?”
“You’ve already thanked him.”
“I keep forgetting everyone is listening. I bet it’s hard to keep a secret around here.”
“There are ways to block your thoughts,” Orcan told him. “If you stay, you’ll learn to do that.”
“This swimsuit is really cool. I’ll change right now.”
Archer pulled off his ripped T-shirt and put on his new sleeveless top. He slipped out of his trunks, tossed them on the rock and pulled on the ones Skoro sent. Everything fit perfectly and the fabric felt like silk against his skin. He was about to say something when Orcan's next gift caught his eye and he pointed at the sea turtle shell.
“What’s that for?”
Before Orcan could reply, Archer saw his remaining gift. “Wow! A knife!”
Archer picked up the knife, grasped the handle and pulled it free of its woven grass scabbard. With its sparkling blue gem mounted in the handle and its jagged double-edged blade, it might have come out of an Arabian Nights fairy tale.
Sir Archer, he thought and raised the dagger above his head. “I really like this! Where did you get it?”
“Koros found it in a ship near the outer reef. Because you need something to prepare your food, he asked me to bring it to you.”
Archer looked at the sky. Thank you, Koros. I really like the knife.
He returned the knife to its scabbard and tried to tie it around his forearm and discovered he couldn't manage with one hand.
“Will you tie this for me so it won’t come off?” he asked.
“You won’t often need help with this task,” Orcan told him. “We never remove our knives, even when we sleep.”
Archer reached down, grabbed the braided line attached to the turtle shell and held the shell in front of him like a shield.
"Do I need this?"
"Mino sent it," said Orcan. "You don’t have to take it."
"It’s awfully bulky,” he remarked and put it down. “I bet it's hard to swim with.”
“Turtles don't have a problem,” Orcan teased.
“I'm not a turtle. I'll leave it."
"If you're ready, we need to go,” Orcan announced. “The guard is waiting.”
Before Archer could reply, Orcan launched himself off the boulder and headed for the bottom of the pool.
“Wait for me!” Archer called and dove after him.
He managed to stay within five feet of Orcan’s green tail until the Ichonaut entered the tunnel and disappeared into the shadows.
Man, he’s fast! Why is everyone in such a hurry?
Archer was halfway through the tunnel when a large black eel emerged from a hidden cave, stopped in front of him and opened its mouth. Archer raised his hand to protect his face, jerked back and hit his head on the tunnel wall. His eyes widened in terror when the eel struck and stopped an inch from Archer's nose.
Orcan! Orcan! Where are you?
The passage was empty. Orcan was gone. Archer reached for his knife. Before he could pull it free, he remembered Myra telling him about his personal guardian.
You must be Zondo! he scolded. Some guardian you are! You scared me to death!
The eel closed his mouth and backed away while Archer reached up and rubbed the bump on the back of his head.
Look what you did! Orcan healed my bump and you’ve given me another!
Zondo turned his head sideways, winked without apology and backed into his den. Archer pushed away from the wall and hurried after Orcan. His eyes reflected his fear when he bolted out of the tunnel.
Are you okay? Orcan asked.
I just met Zondo! He scared me to death!
Zondo likes to test the courage of new air breathers. You must have done well to join me so soon.
Why didn’t you tell me to watch for him?
There are some challenges you must meet alone, Orcan replied. This won’t be the last time your courage will be tested.
Before Archer could reply, Orcan turned and headed for the open sea. Even though he kept a leisurely pace for an Ichonaut, Archer swam as fast as he could to stay close. They soon reached a sandbar where six Ichonauts relaxed in the sand and a carpin grazed in a nearby garden.
The Ichonauts rose when Orcan and Archer approached and Archer could only stare. Every one of them looked like Orcan! They looked just like the guards he’d seen at the coral dome on the way to the Council Chamber. They had the same black hair and blue eyes. They had the same tanned, athletic upper bodies and shimmering green tails. Archer looked at each member of the guard and the only difference he found was the color of their headbands.
Each guard member has a unique skill, Orcan told him. You can remember their names by associating them with the color of their headbands.
Orcan called, Arcos, Toran, Mintar, Banto, Doro and Pindar.
At the mention of their name, the Ichonauts swam forward and acknowledged Archer with a nod. Archer shook his head. They not only looked alike, they wore identical knives in braided kelp scabbards attached to their forearms and carried bags of woven sea grass tied to their waists with braided grass lines. The one called Arcos carried a second, smaller bag that had something in it.
We have a long journey ahead, Orcan declared. Since you don't have our speed or endurance, I brought Manto for you to ride.
Archer nodded and swam to the carpin. Now that he’d figured out how to stay on, he loved to ride Manto. After he mounted and secured his grip, the guard gathered around and Mintar led them into the rising sun.
The sea floor flashed by and eventually disappeared into a black void when Mintar swam over a trench. Long strands of kelp on the trench walls formed a blanket of leaves on the surface that cast ghostly shadows into the sea. Sharks circled in the depths and their presence reminded Archer that dragons lived here as well.
Are we still in Balycon? Archer asked.
We'll be in Balycon until we pass the outer barrier, was Orcan’s reply. We’ll spend this night at the outer reef and begin our journey over deep water at the new day.
How far is that?
We’ll reach our resting place before night fall.
I can't wait all day before I eat. I’m really hungry.
We’ll eat when we stop to gather food, Orcan promised.
They approached a sprawling coral formation where a large red snake emerged from behind a coral tree. Its scales shimmered red and gold in the sunlight and its dorsal fin rippled the length of its body.
Is that Boja? Archer ventured.
Yes. You’ve made a friend.
Archer frowned, not ready to admit to friendship with a snake. An uneasy Archer watched Boja swim toward them and tried, without success, to ignore the snake when he came alongside to swim with him.
What’s Boja doing? Archer asked. Does he have to be this close to me?
You have golden hair like Atra.
Boja thinks I’m Atra.
You remind him of Atra. If you decide to stay, you’ll find Boja’s a good friend to have.
Although Archer no longer feared the snake, he didn’t want him hanging around. As far as he was concerned, Boja was like Zondo. Why did anyone need a guardian, or a friend, that scared you to death?
The coral forest disappeared behind them and they entered a wasteland of boulders. Beyond the boulders lay a sand bar where clumps of grass pushed up from the sea floor and coral trees cast fleeting shadows over the sparse vegetation.
A motion to his right made Archer turn. His eyes widened when he recognized Koros swimming beside what looked like a huge lizard with a wide flat tail. The reptile held its clawed front feet tight against its body and its green scales flashed in the sun. Pointed teeth extended beneath its broad upper lip and glittering yellow eyes peeked out from beneath the creature's drooping eyelids.
What's that with Koros? It looks like a sea serpent!
It’s a kelp dragon, Orcan told him. When they're young, they hide in the kelp and are rarely seen. That one is fully grown and very dangerous. No one knows how Koros tamed it.
After Koros and the dragon disappeared behind a rock outcropping, Archer remembered Myra's warning.
No wonder Myra told me to stay in the Pearl Grotto!
The shallow water deepened and the bottom dropped away when they swam over another trench. Sand covered the sea floor and yellow crabs peeked out from their burrows. Archer recognized a spider shell buried in the sand and wondered how he knew what it was. Apparently he hadn't forgotten everything from his past, but a spider shell couldn’t bring his memory back.
They approached a wall of kelp rising to the surface and Archer tensed. Didn’t Orcan just tell him that’s where baby dragons lived? He didn't want to run into a dragon of any kind and that included babies. Manto followed Orcan into the kelp and stayed close to Orcan when they approached several black and white objects hanging among the leaves. Archer thought they were weird looking kelp pods until he took a closer look.
Look out! Those are sea snakes!
Archer's distress deepened when Orcan ignored his panic and Manto showed no fear. Boja moved out, swam ahead of Manto and dodged in and out of the kelp. The sea snakes scattered in front of Boja and disappeared.
Before Archer realized what had happened, Orcan smiled and said, I told you Boja was a good friend.
He did that for me?
He felt your fear.
Boja returned to Manto’s side a moment before a flash of light on the sea floor captured Archer’s attention. Broken pieces of white stone lay scattered around the kelp's roots and partially concealed a gold plate. Before Archer could ask about the debris, Manto emerged from the kelp, into a white stone city and swam over the path he'd walked with Pacion.
This is Lemandia! This is where Pacion brought me!
This is Balycon, Orcan corrected. Before it sank to the sea floor it had a different name.
Lemandia! Archer insisted. Pacion told me they called the city Lemandia.
Archer stared at the sprawling city in awe and disbelief. Every building, every path and every statue looked exactly like those he'd seen when he came here with Pacion. He didn't expect to see people in shining robes, but where were the air breathers? Where were the Ichonauts and mermaids?
Where is everyone?
It’s too dangerous for air breathers to live here so they live in coral caves, Orcan replied. If you want to explore the city after you return from Coriana, you must have an escort.
How can it be dangerous? How can a city fall to the sea floor without damaging a single building?
Didn't Myra answer that question? Orcan asked.
I forgot. She told me the air breathers rebuilt their home beneath the sea. Why did they do that if they can't live here?
After you return from Coriana, Pacion will answer your questions, Orcan told him. We’re stopping to gather food and we'll eat before we leave here.
The mention of food put Archer's questions on hold. They swam over a rock wall and Orcan’s hand signal scattered the guard. Archer hoped they’d hurry because he was really hungry. The guard removed the bags from their waists and while some of them approached a coral mound, the rest stopped to pick green berries from trailing vines on the sea floor.
Orcan stayed at his side and Archer asked, Aren't you going to help them?
I am helping them, Orcan replied.
What do you mean?
An air breather reported a wild dragon near the city yesterday. I'm standing guard in case it shows up.
I wish you hadn't told me that, Archer replied.
It's nothing to worry about, Pindar told him when he arrived with a bag full of pearl fish that he handed to Archer.
Everyone is telling me how dangerous dragons are and now you're telling me not to worry about them, Archer responded and held out the bag. What am I supposed to do with this?
Dismount and release Manto, Orcan told him. Pindar meant you're in no danger from dragons as long as we're with you. I asked him to give you the pearl fish because he's going to teach you how to prepare your food.
Oh. said Archer and dismounted. Manto bounded away and headed for a nearby kelp garden with Boja at his side. Archer put the bag of pearl fish on the sand and looked at Orcan.
Someone has to tell me what to do.
While I help the guard gather sea grapes, Pindar will stand guard and show you how to open the shells, Orcan told him.
Eager to use his new knife, Archer pulled the dagger from its scabbard and grabbed a pearl fish.
What do I do first?
Be careful not to cut yourself, Pindar replied. It's easy for a knife to slip when you cut through the hinge muscle.
Where's the hinge muscle? Archer asked.
At the back of the shell, Pindar replied. Get a firm grip on that knife before you insert the tip between the shells.
I understand.
It took Archer a few tries before he found the best way to hold the shell, insert the knife and cut through the strong muscle. To his amazement and delight, he found a pearl in every shell. Most were shades of white except two that had a yellow tinge and several pink ones.
Archer got caught up in his task and pretended he was searching for treasure. Lost in another world, Archer almost forgot his hunger and didn't see Boja coil at his feet. He reached for a large pearl fish at the bottom of the bag, opened it and stared in awe at a glowing black pearl nestled in the meat. He looked up to show it to Pindar but the Ichonaut was no where to be found.
I thought he was supposed to stay with me and watch for dragons.
Archer plucked the pearl from the shell, gave it a cursory glance and started to put it in his pocket. When he discovered his new trunks didn’t have pockets, he added it to the pearls on the sand.
Now I know why they're called pearl fish! Myra was right! There is a pearl in every shell!
After Archer opened all the pearl fish, he pulled the meat free and stacked it on a boulder. He soon had a pile of meat on one side and a collection of pearls at his feet. After the novelty of inspecting the glowing gems wore off, he remembered he was helping the guard harvest food for their morning meal and pursed his lips in disgust.
I can't eat this! I should have told Orcan to bring me some pona leaves.
Boja rose up from the sand, swam to the meat and coiled around it. Afraid the feather snake might eat the guard’s meal, Archer picked up a morsel and dangled it in the water.
This is your reward for making those sea snakes go away.
Boja gently pulled the meat from Archer's fingers and backed away. A motion in the distance made Archer look up to see the guard swimming toward him, their bags bulging with food. As soon as they reached him, they opened the bags and dumped everything on the sand.
Orcan joined Archer and told him, You did a good job with the pearl fish. I didn't expect you to separate the pearls from the meat.
I needed something to do. I found lots of pearls! I even found a black one!
I noticed the black pearl. It's larger than most of the black pearls we find. Myra will probably keep it for her garden.
I fed some pearl fish to Boja so he wouldn't eat your food.
Boja doesn't eat our food unless it's offered to him, Orcan told him. I sent him back to keep the fish from eating it and protect you from the rogue dragon.
He’s really smart for a snake, Archer replied and pointed at the guard's bulging bags. Do we need that much food?
We can't harvest food in deep water. This has to last until we reach the next tableland.
What are you going to do with the pearls?
Myra knows where we stop to eat. On her next trip to the city, she'll take them to the Pearl Grotto.
While Orcan and Archer chatted, Doro opened the clams, removed the meat and piled it on top of the pearl fish meat. After he emptied the shells, Pindar mixed the clam meat with the pearl fish meat and invited each guard member to add a portion to his bag. Banto collected the empty shells and arranged them around the rocks for the fish to pick clean. While the guard sat on the sand and reclined against the rocks to eat, Pindar made a food bag for Archer and extended it toward him.
Archer met Pindar's eyes and shook his head. I can't eat raw food!
Orcan stopped eating and swam to Archer's side. Most new air breathers find it difficult to eat our food. You must adopt our ways or you won't survive.
Did you guys find any any pona leaves? Archer asked. I like pona leaves.
The guard knew you liked pona leaves and put some in your bag, Orcan told him.
Archer reached for the bag Pindar prepared, pulled out a a pona leaf and popped it in his mouth.
You have to eat more than that, Orcan remarked with a shake of his head. Why don't you wrap the pearl fish in pona leaves to disguise the taste?
You have to show me how.
Orcan picked up a piece of meat, rolled it in a pink leaf and gave it to Archer. Take a bite and tell me what you think.
Archer accepted the food, took a bite and began to chew. The sugary sweetness of the pona leaf flowed over his tongue and he completely forgot the raw meat inside.
I love these pona leaves!
Orcan grinned. There are enough pona leaves in your bag to last until we reach Coriana.
Archer wrapped a piece of pearl fish in a pona leaf like Orcan showed him but before he could pop it in his mouth, an image of a pearl fish flashed through his mind.
Why did I see that?
Boja must be hungry, Orcan told him. He's begging for food.
That’s silly! Boja can’t send images!
All sea creatures talk with images, Orcan responded. That’s why I chose Arcos to travel with us. He speaks and understands the image language of most sea creatures. We’ll need his skills on this journey.
That’s ridiculous! No one can talk to animals!
Tell that to Boja. He’s the one who sent you an image of a pearl fish.
I don’t believe this, Archer huffed. He picked up a piece of meat and held it out to Boja.
Boja swam close and plucked the meat from his fingers. Archer fed the feather snake another bite before he folded a pona leaf around a piece of meat and popped it in his mouth.
Will Boja go with us?
No. He has work to do so he’ll return to his den until he’s needed.
Archer didn’t understand how a snake could have work but decided not to ask. Every time someone mentioned something that didn’t make sense, he found it difficult to understand their reply. Snakes could work if they wanted. It didn’t matter to him.
After I find the crystal trident, I want to explore the white stone city, Archer remarked. Pacion brought me here before it sank beneath the sea. I don’t know how he did that. Did he show me an image or did we travel through time?
I don’t know the answer to your question, Orcan replied. You’ll have to ask Pacion.
Archer absentmindedly fed Boja another piece of pearl fish while he stared at the city and shook his head. There was so much he didn’t understand. He watched the guard dig a hole and bury the empty shells in the sand before he looked at Orcan and waited for the signal that would start them on their way.

Chapter Five
Fastest Animal In The Sea
We can’t begin our journey until you understand why I chose these guard members as your escort, Orcan told Archer. Your success may depend on how you use their skills.
What are you talking about?
The colored headbands are given to those who excel in a specific skill. It's important that you memorize the skills associated with the headbands before you ask the guard for help.
The puzzlement reflected in Archer's eyes prompted Orcan to explain. Arcos wears a white headband that tells others that he can communicate with the animals. He'll keep us advised of dangers relayed to us by Mino's birds and turtles. Fish loyal to Koros will warn him of dangers in deep water.
The gray sharks report the Graveyard of Ships is safe, Arcos announced.
Archer's eyes widened. You talk to sharks?
Yes, Arcos replied with a smile. I talk to sharks.
How do you do that?
The animals communicate with images of things important to their world and I interpret the images. That’s how Boja talked to you when he sent you an image of a pearl fish.
Before Archer could comment, Orcan continued. Mintar's red headband tells others he's familiar with locations beyond Balycon's boundaries. Because he’s explored the sea from land to land, I chose him for our guide.
Toran wears purple which means he has a good ear, an unusual skill. He'll monitor the activity below us while we travel over deep water and warn us if danger threatens from the depths.
Archer met Toran's eyes and asked, Did Orcan just tell me you have super hearing?
Toran grinned. Other air breathers have described my skill with those words.
Banto's blue headband identifies one skilled in the use of force field armor.
At Orcan's words, Archer recalled his dream. Do you mean armor like the medieval knights wore?
Banto laughed. I don't know what a medieval knight is. I create invisible light shields that can stop anything that might attack us.
The yellow and tan headbands worn by Doro and Pindar are given to those with advanced imaging skills.
I know what that means, Archer remarked. Pacion had me close my eyes to show me and image of the crystal trident.
That's not quite what we do, Doro told him. You can see our images with your eyes open.
Why did Orcan bring two of you?
Pindar has a special skill, Doro replied. After I create an image, he brings it to life and makes it move.
Archer looked at Orcan and asked, Why don't you wear a headband?
Orcan smiled and told him, I'm a healer. Because there's only one healer in each settlement, I'm not required to wear a headband. Everyone learns from an early age how to avoid most dangers and few need my skills. Which reminds me. You’ve been rubbing your head ever since we left the Pearl Grotto.
I hit my head against a rock when I dodged Zondo's fake attack.
I'll fix it, Orcan told him and placed his hand on Archer’s head.
The pulsing pain disappeared and when Archer reached up to rub the bump, it had gone as well.
That’s amazing! I wish I knew how you do that.
It isn't difficult and I'll tell you. You haven't been here long enough to understand my words, but you won't forget them either. You heal a wound by picturing it well.
Confused by Orcan's reply, Archer changed the subject.
Why did the council ask me to find the crystal trident when the guard has all these skills? Skoro told me any air breather in Balycon can go to Coriana.
That may or may not be true, Orcan replied. You forgot the rest of what Skoro told you. Air breathers have rare abilities when they first arrive in Balycon and we've often needed their help in the past. You’re the only one here who can get us to Coriana and walk on land after we get there. But that's not the most important reason the council chose you for the task.
I forgot what Skoro told me because I didn't understand what he meant, Archer replied. I know I can walk on land but what are these other skills you keep talking about?
The collar Myra placed around your neck does more than let you breathe under water and communicate with your thoughts. It gives you the power to develop the skills of each of the guard. But there's another reason we need your help.
What do you mean?
You have one skill that's more important than all the rest and it may determine the outcome of this quest. Before we leave the white stone city, I'll teach you a skill that guarantees your safe return to Balycon after you find the crystal trident.
What are you trying to tell me?
You’re the fastest animal in the sea.
Archer's hearty laugh sent a stream of bubbles toward the surface. He laughed so hard it took a moment for him regain his composure and reply.
How can you say such a thing? That's the funniest thing I've ever heard! How can I be the fastest animal in the sea when I can't keep up with you!
It's difficult to explain, Orcan replied. I have to show you what I mean.
Are you challenging me to a race?
No. You'll prove my words by going to the Cone Tower Garden and telling Myra good morning.
Why are you asking me to do that when we're supposed to be in a hurry to reach Coriana?
This won’t take long, Orcan assured him. Close your eyes and project your thoughts into the Cone Tower Garden. Find Myra and desire to be with her. As soon as the image is clear in your mind, you'll be at her side.
That's ridiculous! I can't do that!
There's one way to find out, Orcan responded with a smile.
Then I'll prove you wrong, Archer scoffed and closed his eyes.
He easily pictured Myra sitting in the sand beside the giant cones and when the image appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, he visualized his arrival at her side.
Good morning, Myra told him. You can open your eyes now.
A startled Archer opened his eyes and scanned his surroundings. He stared at the orange, black and white cone shells in disbelief before he met Myra's eyes.
How did you get here? Where's Orcan? Where's the guard? What did you do with them?
I didn't do anything with them. Orcan sent you to me.
This isn’t possible! Orcan tricked me!
This is your greatest skill, Myra explained. You're the only one in Balycon who can be anywhere in an instant.
I can't believe this! What am I supposed to do now?
Return to Orcan. He’s waiting for you.
I bet Doro and Pindar made an image of you and the Cone Tower Garden to fool me.
No one tricked you and I'm not an image. Close your eyes and return to Orcan like you came to me.
Afraid he might be losing his mind, Archer closed his eyes. But instead of seeing Orcan in the blackness beneath his lids, Zondo appeared. At the sight of the black eel, Archer's eyes snapped open and he found himself in the tunnel that led to the Pearl Grotto.
How did I get here? I'm traveling all over the place because I don't know what I'm doing.
You're doing fine, Orcan told him. I sent Zondo's image so you could visit the Pearl Grotto.
Where are you?
I'm waiting for you at the outskirts of the white stone city. I sent Zondo's image so you could pick up the sea turtle shell and bring it with you.
Why do you want me to do that?
To prove Doro and Pindar didn't trick you.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever done, Archer muttered and headed for the grotto. He surfaced in front of the sea turtle shell, grabbed it and pressed it against his body. Archer closed his eyes and was mumbling to himself when he pictured himself with Orcan near the rocks outside the white stone city.
I hope I don't send myself off into the wilderness.
He heard Orcan's voice in his ear, opened his eyes and Orcan's smile confirmed what his mind refused to believe. Archer shook his head, reached up and touched the collar.
If I can go anywhere just by picturing the location in my mind, why don't I just go to Coriana and get the trident?
Because you can't go where you've never been.
Pacion could take me.
Pacion can't take you to Coriana because he’s never been there. Now you understand why your lost memory is helpful to us. I've described a skill that lets you travel to any destination you know. This skill gives you the freedom to leave Balycon and return to your home.
Home. Archer sucked in his cheeks. Where was home? Suddenly, everything he'd seen and heard since his arrival made sense.
You rescued me because I had the skills to find your trident! You didn’t care that I can't remember who I am!
Without the distractions of your life above the sea, the trip to Coriana will be easier, Orcan replied.
If I find your trident, will you help me get my memory back? Will you use your healing skills to help me remember?
I can't answer that question now.
That wasn’t what Archer wanted to hear, but it didn’t matter because he'd made a promise to the council that he intended to keep. After he brought the crystal trident home, he’d make Orcan answer his question. If Orcan was a healer, he should be able to heal anything.
I don't need to know who I am right now. Finding your crystal trident is the only way I can repay you for saving my life.
It’s time to begin our journey, Orcan responded with a smile. I neglected to mention one small thing.
What's that?
You’ll lead us to Coriana. The guard and I are your escort.
Dumbfounded at that revelation Archer stared at him and replied, I can’t do that!
You’ll be surprised at what you can do, Orcan replied. I just told you that the collar Myra placed around your neck allows you to develop the guard’s skills. You might keep that in mind every time you find an obstacle in our path.
You just told me Mintar's our guide.
Mintar can find the way but this is a long and dangerous journey and we can't complete it without your skills, Orcan explained.
If you say so, Archer responded, getting more and more upset by the surprises Orcan kept throwing at him.
We have to be at the Graveyard of Ships before dark, Orcan told him. After we reach that resting place, you'll make all major decisions for the remainder of our journey. That's why I explained the guard’s skills. Call on them as you need them.
I'll try to remember.
Archer looked at each member of his escort and mentally reviewed their names, the color of their headbands and their skills. Arcos, white, animal talker; Mintar, red, guide; Toran, purple, deep water listener; Banto, blue, force field armor maker; Doro, yellow, image creator; and Pindar, tan, image animator.
Arcos approached and interrupted Archer's thoughts, Manto is here.
Thanks, Archer replied and threw a leg over the carpin.
As the leader of this journey, he'd better act the part. Archer made eye contact with Mintar and nodded. Mintar responded with a raised eyebrow, spun in the water and headed into the rising sun. Archer glanced back and watched Boja disappear into the kelp garden where the sea snakes lived.
While Mintar led them away from the white stone city, Archer thought about everything Orcan had told him. Could he really learn the guard’s skills and talk with the animals? And what about Pacion? If he couldn’t take him to Coriana, how did he take him into the white stone city above the sea? Was Pacion one of the the air breathers that survived the earthquake and tidal wave that destroyed the land city Myra told him about? Did they travel through time or did Pacion take him to a memory? He’d have to remember to ask after he returned from Coriana.
All those floating rainbows made me so dizzy maybe I imagined the trip to Lemandia, Archer muttered beneath his breath. Maybe Pacion showed me a bunch of images and tricked me into thinking we went somewhere.
We’re approaching the Graveyard of Ships, Mintar announced.
Archer looked up and found a coral ridge directly ahead. After they passed the coral outcrop, they swam over the remains of several ships that looked like a giant hand had broke them apart and scattered them across the sea floor. A picture of two ships with canons blazing and masts aflame flashed through Archer's mind. A skull and crossbones flag caught a spark and disappeared in flames.
Pirates? They have pirates here?
Before Archer could ask Orcan about his vision, Mintar's hand signal told him to dismount and follow him to a nearby coral cave. Distracted by thoughts of pirates, Archer worried there might be a fleet of pirate ships sailing overhead.
I can't think about pirates, Archer mumbled under his breath, The guard expects me to eat with them and I can't eat the stuff in my food bag. I have to remember that leaders do things they don't want to do. Yuck!
After making himself comfortable in the sand, Archer opened his food bag, removed a large pona leaf and a piece of pearl fish. He wrapped the meat so none of it showed, took a bite, chewed and forced it down. While the guard ate, afternoon shadows crept through the sea and the setting sun silhouetted several sharks that circled overhead. Their lazy, graceful movements reminded Archer of Koros and his dragon. How did Koros tame a dragon? And why did he want one for a pet?
Archer debated asking Orcan whether they'd find pirates between here and Coriana. The more he thought about it, he decided he didn't want to know. The dragon in Coriana's lagoon gave him enough to worry about.
Before the shadows deepened into night, Orcan's hand signal invited Archer into the cave. Archer followed him in, swam to the back wall and dug a hole in the sand. He was getting comfortable when Banto approached the cavern opening and closed his eyes. After a couple of seconds, he opened them and found a place to spend the night.
What was that about? Archer wondered. Did Banto seal the entry with a force field to protect us?
It had been a long and eventful day and Archer was too tired to think about it. He snuggled into the sand, put the turtle shell beneath his head and wished he'd brought a leaf from the Pearl Grotto for a blanket. Before he slept, Archer thought about the guard's skills. How did Arcos talk to animals? He found the answer to that question when he realized he'd been talking with Manto and Boja ever since his arrival.
Archer turned on his back and touched his watch, the only link to his past. After they returned from Coriana, he'd ask Orcan to help him get his memory back. If Orcan could do that, maybe Pacion's crystal ball could find his family. Thinking about Pacion reminded him of their trip to Lemandia. How did Pacion take him into the past? More questions popped into his mind. How did he travel to Myra in the Cone Tower Garden by picturing her in his mind? How could he be the leader of an journey to Coriana when he didn’t know where he was going?
This has to be a dream.
That would answer his questions and explain everything. Archer scooped up a handful of sand and let it flow through his fingers. Just like his dream about Sir Archer galloping off to slay the dragon, this dream let him develop impossible skills in a magical kingdom called Balycon.
I'll be flying next, he mumbled and drifted off to sleep.

Archer felt something touch his cheek and awoke to a rainbow of colors swirling around his head.
Why am I sleeping in the Rainbow Cave?
He sat up, rubbed his eyes and looked around.
This isn’t the Rainbow Cave! Where am I?
The fish darting around his face scattered and memories of the previous day flooded in.
Where's Orcan? Where's the guard?
Archer bolted for the sunlit opening, burst out of the cave and frightened the fish scavenging for food at the cavern entrance. He spotted Orcan reclining at the base of a nearby boulder and Orcan raised his hand to invite Archer to join him.
Good morning, Orcan greeted. Do you want to help gather food?
I thought we had enough already.
We always stop here for the guard's favorite because we can't find it near the city.
You have to tell me what to do.
Orcan removed the partially empty bag from around his waist and handed it to Archer.
Take this and follow me.
Where are we going?
Orcan pointed at a pile of rocks swarming with reef fish.
Over there.
That's a pile of rocks!
Watch the fish, Orcan replied. They always lead you to food.
What kind of food lives in rocks?
I told you. The guard's favorite.
A bewildered Archer followed Orcan to the distant rocks. The fish scattered at their approach and Archer's eyes widened.
The rocks are full of holes, like someone took a drill to them! he exclaimed.
You're about to find out what lives here, Orcan said, reached into a hole and pulled out a mass of squirming shrimp.
Shrimp! Hundreds of shrimp! I can't put my hand in there! What if something bites me!
Shrimp don't bite but if they did, I can mend it, Orcan replied.
I forgot you could do that, Archer told him and inched his hand into the nearest hole.
Shrimp scampered across his hand and around his arm. Archer closed his eyes. In the blackness beneath his lids, his imagination ran wild and he pictured the shrimp turning into zillions of spiders running up and down his arm. Archer jerked his hand out of the hole and looked at Orcan.
I can't do this! They feel like spiders!
There's nothing here that can harm you, Orcan insisted. After you insert your hand, let the shrimp swarm over it and close your fist. Here. I'll show you.
Orcan reached in, waited a moment and pulled his clenched hand free. Archer opened the bag and Orcan put the shrimp inside.
Maybe I can do this if I do something else first, Archer told him.
What's that?
Stop thinking about spiders.
What are spiders? Orcan asked.
It's not important. I'll try again.
Close your fist gently. You don't want to mash them.
I won't mash them, Archer assured him and closed his eyes.
While Orcan watched, Archer reached in. To keep the spiders at bay, he thought about the shrimp Orcan pulled from the hole before he closed his fist and pulled his hand free. He turned to show his catch to Orcan and found him gone.
I’ll catch ‘em, Archer mumbled. But I won’t eat ‘em.
The bag soon overflowed with shrimp and those that tried to flee before Archer could tie it shut were gobbled up by hungry fish. He whipped the end of the line around the bag, tied it tight, spun in the water and headed for the cave to wait for the guard.
I'm glad I've got lots of pona leaves because if I don’t eat, I’m going to get really hungry.
When the guard returned to the cave, they placed their bags near the one Archer had-filled with shrimp. Orcan and Banto grabbed the bags, opened them and distributed the harvest.
That’s a lot of food, Archer remarked.
We'll eat before we leave, Orcan reminded him. Our food has to last until we reach the next coral reef.
Orcan reached into his bag, looked up and extended a handful of shrimp to Archer. Archer gulped, shook his head and almost gagged when Orcan dropped the shrimp in his mouth and chewed. His stomach churned when the rest of the guard ate the live shrimp like popcorn, shells and all.
Archer looked away, cleared his throat and muttered under his breath, I'm their leader. I have to set an example. If I can eat pearl fish wrapped in pona leaves, I can eat live shrimp.
He stuck his hand in his bag, pulled out a single shrimp and pinched off its head. He removed the shell, put the shrimp in his mouth and looked up to find the guard watching in amusement.
I don’t care. They can eat shrimp their way and I’ll eat it mine.
Archer closed his eyes and let the soft meat slide down his throat. He reached in the bag and pulled out another shrimp. When it struggled to get free, he opened his hand and let it go.
This is awful. I can’t do this.
You caught enough for this meal, Orcan told him. Go with Toran and help gather more before we leave.
Grateful for the chore, Archer grabbed his bag and nodded his understanding when Toran pointed at the rocks. After he got used to shrimp crawling all over his arm, he didn't mind catching them but didn’t intend to eat them. He and Toran returned to the guard and topped off everyone's food bag. With their food replenished, the guard tied their bags shut and attached them to their waists.
Is this all we have to eat? asked Archer. What was the green stuff the guard harvested from the sea floor?
Those are sea grapes, said Orcan. Most air breathers don't like them. I put a few in your bag for you to try.
Anything has to be better than live shrimp.
I know it's difficult for you to eat our food but it's important you learn our ways, Orcan reminded him.
Before Archer could comment, Arcos whistled and Manto came bounding out of a nearby kelp garden and stopped at Archer’s side.
Rely on Mintar to find the way and use the guard's skills when we find danger, Orcan reminded him. By watching them use their skills, you'll discover your own.
Archer glanced at the guard members and reviewed everything Orcan told him. He'd already memorized the guard's and the skills associated with their headbands and hoped he understood Orcan's instructions.
Here we go, he muttered under his breath. He mounted the carpin, nodded at each guard member in turn and waved Mintar forward.
As long as Mintar knows where we’re going, being the leader of this journey can't be difficult.
Mintar led them off the tableland, into deep water and across a black void. The sun shining through the whitecaps looked like moonlight and the scales on fish swimming overhead sparkled like stars. Without the distractions of the busy reef, Archer's body echoed the rhythm of Manto’s movements and every time he looked up, he imagined he was flying through the night sky.
When Manto surfaced for air, Archer scanned their surroundings and always found a pod of dolphins nearby. Did Koros send them? While his thoughts lingered on Koros, a picture of a red and white sailboat flashed through his mind. Archer shook his head to chase it away.
Why do I keep seeing that red and white sailboat? What does it mean?
Archer glanced at his watch.
Why can't this tell me more than my name?
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't remember anything before his arrival in Balycon.
I have to believe Pacion, he mumbled to himself. I have to believe I'll get my memory back.
Through the quiet morning, Archer watched the clouds float across the sky each time Manto surfaced to get a breath of air and bite the foam at the top of the white caps. Manto's antics kept Archer entertained and improved his riding skills when he struggled to stay on the carpin's back. Alone with his thoughts, he spent most of the time thinking about everything he'd learned since he got here.
Mintar surfaced beside him. “Are you comfortable?” he asked in a smooth, deep voice.
“I like watching Manto chase whitecaps and I can tell he enjoys swimming with the dolphins. Did Koros send them?”
“They answer to Koros and they watch for danger. If they see something that might harm us, they'll warn Arcos.”
“We gathered a lot of food back there,” Archer remarked. “How long will it take to get to Acura?”
“We'll reach Acura in two suns.”
“Two days gives me lots of time to think about everything I’m supposed to do. Can I really do all the things Orcan described? Did I really visit Myra yesterday?”
When Mintar didn't reply, Archer turned and discovered he'd gone and left him alone.
Archer sent Manto an image of Orcan, the only Ichonaut without a headband, and told the carpin, Let’s go see Orcan.
Manto dove and, to Archer's surprise and delight, took him to Orcan’s side.
You must have a question, Orcan greeted.
What am I supposed to do after I find the crystal trident?
Take it to Pacion.
Are you telling me to go to him the way I went to Myra?
And the way you went to the Pearl Grotto, Orcan reminded him.
What about you? And what about the guard? I can't leave you.
Don’t worry about us. After the crystal trident reaches Balycon, Chion's no threat.
You told me the collar gives me the ability to develop the guard’s skills. I know how I talk with Manto and Boja, but can I really talk with other animals?
You have the ability to learn everything I described, Orcan told him. You’ll learn some of the skills on this journey and you’ll learn more if you decide to stay. Pacion told me to remind you that you'll eventually lose your land skills if you stay.
I don't have to worry about that because I don’t plan to stay, was Archer's reply. What I really want to learn is how to make a force field shield.
Every guard member will share their knowledge with you. You need to learn your skills as quickly as possible because we'll need them to complete the journey to Coriana.
What are you talking about? Why can't we complete the trip? Are you talking about Quintar?
Quintar isn't a threat. Other obstacles in our path will require your skills. Chion will send his followers and do everything he can to stop us from reaching Coriana.
I wish I knew what you’re talking about. How will I know what to do?
We’ll help you and we'll keep you safe, but it's up to you to make the decisions.

Chapter Six
Turtles To The Rescue
Archer found Orcan’s mention of dangers they might find on the journey confusing because he didn't describe them. What obstacles stood in their path and why did the Ichonauts need him to reach Coriana? While Archer pondered these questions, Mintar raised his hand and signaled a stop.
It's time to eat.
Eating already? Archer looked at his food bag and almost gagged. He glanced at the guard. They'd already untied their bags and were enjoying their meal. Like it or not, he had to act like a leader and eat something.
I'll fake it, he muttered. I'll pretend to eat.
With one hand holding the turtle shell and the other gripping Manto's mane, he couldn't untie the line at the top of his food bag. He couldn't drop Mino's gift and send the sea turtle shell to the sea floor so he tightened his knees against Manto's sides and released his mane.
How am I supposed to untie the line and open the bag with one hand?
Orcan must have been listening for he appeared at Archer's side and told him, I'll help. Don't open your bag all the way or the shrimp will escape.
It's okay, Archer replied. I figured out how to do it by myself.
Archer slipped the line attached to the turtle shell over his head, draped the shell over his chest like a shield and mumbled under his breath.
Why didn't I leave this in the Pearl Grotto?
Archer untied his bag, reached in and grabbed some shrimp. He pulled them out and when they struggled to get free, opened his hand and let them go.
You have to try, Orcan scolded.
Archer bit his lower lip, grabbed more shrimp and found a new challenge. How could he hold the bag and peel shrimp at the same time?
Eat them like the guard, Orcan suggested.
Archer looked up from the wriggling creatures and found the guard watching. He closed his eyes, opened his mouth and shoved the shrimp in. They skittered over his tongue and around his teeth! Archer gagged and almost threw up when a shrimp scampered across the back of his tongue. He opened his mouth to let them swim free but instead of escaping, the shrimp scampered to the back of his tongue and forced Archer to swallow. Whole and alive, the shrimp slid down his throat and wriggled all the way down.
This is awful! I can't do this! I can’t eat live shrimp!
Archer grabbed a bunch of sea grapes an instant before Manto lunged toward the surface. Archer shoved the sea grapes in his mouth and managed to grab a handful of mane before the carpin took him completely out of the water. Manto landed in the whitecaps with a crash and the sea grapes exploded from Archer's mouth and went flying.
While Manto chased the whitecaps and bit at the foam, Orcan surfaced at Archer's side.
“That was some jolt Manto gave you,” he said. “Are you okay?”
“I'm okay. Why did Manto do that?”
“He saw us eating and surfaced to search for food. Arcos should have fed him while you were helping Toran catch shrimp. I've asked Arcos to feed Manto and while he's doing that, I'll wrap a few pearl fish in pona leaves for you.”
While Orcan prepared Archer's meal, Arcos arrived with a handful of kelp leaves and scattered them around the carpin. While Manto grazed, Archer ate the pona leaf fish wraps Orcan had brought him and wished he had more.
Mintar surfaced beside him and announced, “It's time to continue our journey.”
While they traveled across the deep water, Archer looked forward to the times he and Manto spent on the surface. Each time the carpin brought him out of the water, Archer scanned the horizon and always found the dolphins nearby. Archer enjoyed their company and wished they could take him home. Home. He had to stop thinking about it. He glanced at an odd-shaped cloud directly overhead that vaguely resembled a house near the sea. When a wayward breeze whisked the cloud away, Toran surfaced beside him.
Something comes, Toran announced. We're threatened from below.
Before Archer could reply, a thrashing sound rose up in the blackness beneath him and Toran dove. Archer closed his eyes, thought of a question to ask Orcan and was startled when Manto dove and took him to the Ichonaut.
It's good you joined me, Orcan greeted. Toran tells me that fish loyal to Chion are attacking. You need to give the guard their orders.
Toran told me about the danger. I can hear it too.
The surprised expression in Orcan's eyes prompted Archer's next question. What’s wrong? What did I say?
If you can hear the danger, you can hear as well as Toran.
Can't you hear all that racket?
Only you and Toran hear the threat.
What's making all the noise?
Stinger fish, Toran replied.
What's a stinger fish?
Chion's most faithful and deadly servants, Orcan replied. The needles on their back are filled with poison that they throw when they're below their target.
Can they kill?
If the poison enters your skin, my healing skills can't save you. As our leader, it's your duty to protect us from this danger.
How can I do that?
By using the skills of your escort, Orcan told him.
Archer glanced at the Ichonauts, stared at the headbands that described their skills and his mind went blank.
What did Orcan tell me? Why can't I remember?
Archer looked at the sea turtle shell. It might look like a shield, but one turtle shell couldn't protect them from one fish let alone an army of them. Although the turtle shell couldn't stop the stinger fish, it gave Archer an idea. Archer glanced at his ring and then at Orcan.
When Mino gave me this ring, he told me it had special powers. Can it bring the sea turtles?
It can bring any of Mino's followers but I don’t know why you want turtles.
How do I call them? Archer persisted.
Even if you called them, they couldn't get here in time. You’ll have to think of something else.
The noise from the depths grew louder. The stinger fish were close and getting closer. How far could they throw the poisoned needles? An image of the child in Lemandia that pulled the yellow ball from the air flashed through Archer's mind and he waved Doro and Pindar to his side.
How do I create a lot of turtles?
Images can't stop stinger fish, Doro told him with a shake of his head.
I don't want images! I want real turtles!
Archer looked up and found Orcan staring at him.
Why are you looking at me like that?
You may be the one, Orcan told him.
What are you talking about?
Pacion told me that I'd one day meet an air breather with the ability to develop the ancient skills, Orcan explained. He suggested I test your knowledge on this journey.
What are you telling me?
Maybe you can bring Mino’s turtles.
How?
Send Manto to safety! Quickly!
Archer dismounted, slapped Manto on the back and sent him bounding away. Now what?
Place Mino's ring against your forehead and picture your desire.
Archer pressed the tiny green turtle between his closed eyes. He needed every ounce of concentration to fight his rising fear but found it easy to picture dozens of turtles swimming overhead. With his eyes closed, he didn't see the guard exchange glances nor did he see their astonishment before Orcan spoke.
Open your eyes. The turtles are here.
Archer opened his eyes and smiled when he saw the blanket of sea turtles swimming overhead.
What are you going to do with them? Orcan asked.
Archer looked for and found Arcos' white headband. He invited Arcos to join him with a hand signal and the instant Arcos reached his side, told him, Have the turtles make a shield large enough to protect us and tell them to hurry!
What kind of shield? Arcos asked.
Make them form a sphere large enough to protect us that will let them swim in a tight circle and breathe at the surface. They need to tuck their heads under the shell of the turtle in front and stay close with no gaps between their shells so the poisoned darts can't hurt them.
Arcos swam among the turtles and set them in motion. His hand signals brought the guard to help and the Ichonauts helped the turtles form the hollow sphere. Archer watched while the sphere began to take shape and worried the turtles couldn't finish in time.
It's taking too long! he told Arcos. They need to move faster or they won't complete the shield!
Orcan moved to Archer's side and told him, Don't worry. Your plan is a good one.
The stinger fish are almost here, Toran warned.
I hear them, Orcan replied and glanced at Banto.
A moment before the turtles enclosed Archer and the Ichonauts inside the moving sphere, the stinger fish burst out of the darkness beneath them. Archer glanced at the guard and found them relaxed and unafraid. Arcos had executed his plan to perfection but he worried that he hadn't made the right decision or done the right thing. Would the shield protect them? Would the turtles be safe?
A thump announced the arrival of the first poisoned dart. Soon a relentless thump, thump, thump battered their ears. While they hung motionless inside the moving sphere, Archer thought about Manto and hoped the carpin made it to safety. He turned in the water and found every member of the guard watching him.
How can they be so relaxed? How long will the attack last?
He’d no sooner expressed his concerns when the thumping stopped, the stinger fish retreated and silence filled the sea.
Toran announced, They’re leaving.
Are they gone? Archer asked.
Toran's nod answered his question. Archer met Arcos eyes and nodded. Arcos acknowledged his silent order with a raised eyebrow and directed the turtles to break the shield. The sphere fell apart to reveal an empty sea.
Archer grinned, looked at Orcan and asked, Can I bring food the same way I brought the turtles?
You're imaging skills are highly advanced, Orcan replied. You can create anything you desire.
In shock that Orcan believed he could create matter with his mind, Archer shook his head in denial.
I'm sure I didn't do that, Archer remarked. You and the guard helped me! Pacion told me that Ichonauts and mermaids can use their imaging skills to create things.
We didn't help you, Orcan assured him.
Archer saw the truth in Orcan's eyes but he wouldn’t know for sure until he tried to create something else. He had to think of something that would make him test Orcan's words.
I've got it!
Archer waved Arcos to his side and with more confidence than he felt, told him, Collect everyone's food and give it the turtles.
No one questioned his order and the guard removed their food bags from around their waists to join Arcos on the surface to feed the turtles. After they emptied the food bags, Archer's hand signal brought Arcos to his side.
Keep nine turtles and release the rest.
At Arcos questioning glance, Archer told him, It's getting late in the day and we can ride the turtles while Manto plays in the whitecaps.
Archer climbed on the back of the nearest turtle and the guard followed his lead. With Orcan at his side, the turtles swam on the surface while they continued their journey across the deep water.
“You've given us a bit of unexpected leisure,” Orcan told him.
“What do you mean?”
“We often swim for days without tiring,” Orcan explained. “We’ve never ridden turtles before.”
“I hope they don’t slow us down.”
“Don't worry about things that aren't important,” Orcan told him. “If you hadn’t acted, the stinger fish would have stopped us from reaching Coriana.”
“I was really scared,” Archer admitted. “I'm glad no one was hurt and we didn’t lose any turtles.”
“You did well. Chion sent the stinger fish to test our strength. He knows an air breather leads us because we didn't use the expected defense. You turned the stinger fish aside with the gentlest creature in the sea. You made a dangerous enemy in Chion, but gained a powerful friend in Mino.”
During the stinger fish attack, Archer forgot Orcan’s warnings about Chion. How could he prepare for future attacks when he didn't know what to expect? He needed to learn the guard’s skills as fast as he could and be ready for anything. Traveling across endless miles of deep water let Archer retreat to his thoughts. When the sun dropped beneath the horizon and evening shadows claimed the sea, Archer discovered a new problem and waved Orcan to his side.
“I'm tired. How can I sleep?”
“I thought that’s why you kept the turtles,” Orcan replied. “We can sleep on their backs while they keep moving through the night.”
“Are there any stinger fish ahead of us?”
“We should be safe. But tell me, why did you keep nine turtles when there's only eight of us?”
“Oh. I forgot to tell Arcos what to do with the extra turtle.”
Archer found Arcos’ white headband two turtles away and waved him over.
“Send the extra turtle ahead to look for danger. If he finds anything, he can tell the birds and they can bring his message to us,” said Archer, surprised at his command of the situation.
Arcos relayed the order to the riderless turtle and it disappeared into the depths.
I’ve got to learn how he does that, Archer told himself.
Before evening shadows turned to night, a pink sky washed over the sea. Archer tried but couldn't find a comfortable position on the turtle’s back and wondered anew why he had kept the sea turtle shell. Although it helped him think of turtles when he needed them, it was a nuisance and in his way. Before he resolved that problem, hunger pangs prompted him to look at the guard’s empty food bags and he panicked.
When I decided to create a way to test my skills, why did I tell Arcos to give everyone's food to the turtles? What will we do if I can't replace it? I hope I didn't mess up big time!
Archer looked at Orcan's empty bag, closed his eyes and held his breath.
Man I hope this works!
In the blackness beneath his lids, Archer pictured Orcan’s favorite foods. He opened his eyes and smiled when he saw Orcan’s bag bulging with pearl fish, pona leaves, sea grapes and shrimp.
Orcan met Archer's eyes, smiled and told him, “That should convince you that you brought the turtles. No one helped you fill my food bag.”
Archer grinned, closed his eyes and filled every bag, including his, with everyone's favorite food. He opened his eyes and every member of the guard nodded a thank you. While the Ichonauts devoured their evening meal, Archer struggled with the concept of eating the raw food. He couldn’t eat and he couldn’t watch the guard eat so he turned on his stomach on the hard, moving shell and stared into the depths. After the guard finished their meal, Arcos' whistle echoed across the waves.
“Why did you call Manto?” Archer asked.
“So you can feed him.”
“I’m glad you thought of that,” Archer replied.
When he saw Manto bounding toward them, Archer materialized a bed of kelp nearby. The turtles joined Manto in the kelp while the guard slid into the sea to pick kelp pods to add to their food bags. While evening shadows claimed the sea, Orcan slipped off his turtle and swam to help Archer tie himself to the turtle so he couldn't fall off in the night. After Orcan left, Archer lay on his back with the sea turtle shell on his chest and thought about the task ahead.
How am I supposed to find the crystal trident after we reach Coriana? What will I do if I can't find it?
Moonlight glistened on the water and stars peeked through breaks in the clouds overhead. The slap of an Ichonaut's tail against the water disturbed Archer's thoughts while seven turtles, carrying seven Ichonauts in a half circle around him, carried Archer and his escort into the night.
I might be a kid, but I acted like a leader today. What will tomorrow bring? I'll have to wait to learn the answer to that question.
Weariness overtook him and Archer slipped into a fitful sleep. He found it difficult to sleep on the hard, moving bed and woke several times to change position. Every time he opened his eyes, he counted seven turtles carrying seven sleeping Ichonauts before he tried to go back to sleep.
His aching body made it difficult to relax and sleep wouldn't come. In desperation, Archer dumped his food into the sea, wadded the bag into a ball and placed it beneath his head. The padding eased the crick in his neck, but did nothing for his aching muscles. He turned on his back, put the sea turtle shell across his stomach and dangled his feet in the water. Three bright stars drew a line in the night sky and drew his attention.
Why do I keep looking at those stars?
For reasons he didn't understand, the stars reminded him of knights in shining armor fighting fire-breathing dragons and rescuing fair maidens. The image reminded him of his dream and he smiled. Sir Archer! He was on a quest to save the Kingdom of Balycon and traveling through an alien world to challenge a dragon at the end of the journey.
Am I brave enough to fight a dragon? I need to know more about Quintar. I'll ask Orcan to tell me about him. Can Chion stop us from getting to Coriana? If we get there and I get past Quintar, what will I find on the island? Do dragons live on land? And what about pirates? Maybe I’d better ask Orcan about pirates too.
Archer forced the disturbing thoughts from his mind by reciting a poem that popped into his head.
The inky sea prepares a mood.
I’m wrapped in peace, in solitude.
Too tired to wonder where that came from, he closed his eyes and fell into a fitful sleep.

Chapter Seven
Mind Over Matter
The first rays of the morning sun found Archer grateful for the end to the long night. To relieve his aching muscles, he slid off the turtle's back and swam toward the rising sun. By the time he turned around and headed back, the brisk exercise had eased his pain and brought him fully awake. An Ichonaut's tail slapped the water and Archer turned at the sound.
Mintar pointed at the sun peeking over the horizon. “It's time to leave the turtles and continue our journey.”
“Where's Manto?” Archer asked.
“I called him while you slept,” Arcos replied. “He should be here soon.”
“Will you teach me how to call him with a whistle?”
“It isn't difficult,” Arcos told him, pleased with Archer’s request. “He responds to many calls. Follow me and imitate the sound I make.”
Arcos dove and Archer joined him about 10 feet below the water's surface. Arcos placed two fingers in his mouth and whistled.
Now you try, he told Archer.
That's all I have to do?
That's all you have to do.
Archer grinned and easily imitated the simple call.
Where is Manto anyway?
If he's found a kelp garden, he'll finish eating before he responds to the whistle.
We need to eat too, Archer replied. I'll top off the food bags.
Archer closed his eyes and focused on a mound of living shrimp at the top of the Ichonauts' bags. When a picture of the moving shrimp appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, he opened his eyes.
This is fun!
Don't forget the turtles or we'll have to give them our food again.
Archer nodded, closed his eyes and created a kelp garden on the water's surface nearby. He opened his eyes and found the turtles swimming toward it.
That takes care of everyone but me and since I can make anything I want, I'm going to make some real food!
Archer headed for the surface with Arcos close behind.
“This making stuff is fun and easy!” Archer announced to no one in particular. “I don’t have to eat raw food anymore!”
Eager to eat something he liked, Archer climbed aboard a turtle, closed his eyes and immediately opened them.
“I can't remember what I like to eat. Wait a minute! Pancakes! I like pancakes with butter and jam!”
Archer closed his eyes and placed a stack of pancakes on the turtle's back. After adding gobs of butter and jam, he opened his eyes and watched the gooey mess slide into the sea.
“What did you just feed the fish?” asked Orcan.
“Pancakes,” Archer remarked with a sigh. “But I forgot to put them on a plate. I’ll think of something else and try to keep it dry. This imaging stuff is not as easy as I thought.”
“You look troubled,” Orcan told him.
“I don't know what to eat,” Archer replied. “What good is my new skill if I don't know how to use it?”
“You'll think of something,” the Ichonaut replied.
Archer's eyes widened. He made everyone turn and look when he yelled, “I’ve got it!”
He closed his eyes, held out his left hand and pictured a grilled cheeseburger with tomatoes, lettuce, onions, pickles and a secret sauce. Something hit the palm of his hand at the same time the aroma of grilled meat wafted under his nose. Archer's eyes snapped open and his stomach rumbled at the sight of the hot, juicy sandwich.
“I did it! I made a cheeseburger!”
Archer brought it to his mouth and took a bite. As much as he loved pona leaves, they didn't compare with this. Nothing compared with this! This was real food! Archer was happily devouring his cheeseburger when Mintar surfaced beside him.
“As soon as you finish eating, we have to leave. The turtles have to stay because they'll slow us down.”
“I conjured them up. Shall I conjure them away?”
“It's best to let them stay and eat their fill,” Mintar assured him.
“Okay then,” Archer called, shoved the last bite of his sandwich in his mouth and slid off the turtle's back to join the Ichonauts in the water.
“Everybody move out!”
“Where's Manto? Why isn't he here?”
Arcos pointed into the distance. “There. I see him.”
Manto bounded toward them but stopped to graze at the floating kelp.
“He's hungry,” Archer remarked. “We can’t leave yet.”
“We can't let Manto delay us,” Arcos told him. “The guard and I will harvest enough leaves to feed him on the way.”
While the guard topped off their food bags with kelp leaves, Archer mounted and waved Mintar forward. Mintar led them beneath the waves while two guard members waved leaves in the water and coaxed Manto to follow. After Manto devoured those, the guard dropped back, tied their food bags shut, and two more guard members took their place. By the time they ran out of kelp, Manto had appeased his hunger.
Archer waved Arcos to his side. Will you teach me how to talk to Manto like I talk to you?
I can't teach you the animals' language like you learn words because the pictures they use can have many different meanings, Arcos told him. Before you can learn an animal's language, you have to know how that animal relates to its world.
What do you mean?
The birds can't tell you about life beneath the sea and the fish can't describe a world above water. They can only talk about things they know. You use pictures when you give Manto directions, but there are other ways to talk to him.
Myra showed me how to tell him where I want to go with the thought language, Archer responded.
Why don't you ask him what he ate this morning?
Although Arcos explained the difficulty he’d have understanding the pictures the animals sent to each other, Arcos didn't tell him how to ask Manto a simple question.
Should I use words or pictures? Archer asked.
Why don't you show Manto what you ate and watch his reaction?
That’s a good idea, Archer replied. But how can a picture of a cheeseburger ask a question?
Manto might not understand the picture, but his reaction will suggest a different way to ask the question, Arcos replied.
Archer nodded his understanding, closed his eyes, and sent Manto a picture of his cheeseburger sandwich. Manto reacted to the image by darting back and forth and acting like he was looking for something. When he didn’t find what he was looking for, he lunged for the surface while Archer struggled to hang on.
When Arcos joined him on the surface, Archer asked, “What's Manto looking for?”
Arcos laughed. “He's looking for the food you showed him.”
“What good does it do to send him pictures if he doesn't know what they mean?” Archer asked. “Is this what you meant when you told me I have to understand his pictures before I can send mine?”
“Before you send a picture, think about how you might react to it,” Arcos suggested. “You showed Manto what you ate but it didn't ask him a question because it didn't show you eating it.”
“Oh.”
“If you want to learn how I talk to the animals, watch my conversations with them and I'll explain everything you don't understand.”
“That's a good idea.”
Just as Archer opened his mouth to ask another question, Manto dove and filled his mouth with water. While Archer recovered from that surprise, Arcos rejoined Toran and left Archer alone to think about his language lesson.
The next time Manto surfaced, Archer found the sun directly overhead and a calm sea in all directions. While he no longer feared another attack by the stinger fish, he no longer felt safe traveling over deep water. Would the deadly fish threaten the guard on their way home or did Chion plan something worse? Before Archer could ponder that question a pod of dolphins rose out of the water and swam beside him.
“Are those the same dolphins we saw yesterday?” he asked when Arcos surfaced beside him.
“Yes,” Arcos replied. “Koros told them to stay with us through the deep water. If you want to practice talking to them, close your eyes and watch the pictures they send to each other.”
“That’s a great idea!”
Archer closed his eyes and focused on the dolphins. Before a picture appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, a series of clicking noises echoed across the waves. Archer opened his eyes and looked at Arcos.
“Try again and don't let their chatter distract you. The sounds confirm you've reached them with your thoughts. Although the sounds may lead you to the subject of their conversation, you don't need them to understand what they're talking about.”
Archer nodded, closed his eyes and a circle of light moved forward in the blackness beneath his lids. A shadow dove down from above, spun through a school of fish and returned to the surface.
Archer opened his eyes. “Are they talking about their hunt?”
Arcos nodded and told him, “You're very good at this. After you learn the pictures the dolphins use, you have all the information you need to create pictures they can understand. I'll leave you alone to practice your new skill.”
Arcos' explanation let Archer understand the difficulty he'd have learning how to talk to the animals. The same picture could have many meanings depending which animal sent it. A shrimp would send a picture of a fish to announce danger while the same image meant food to a dolphin. How many things would a picture of a fish mean to a bird or another fish? No wonder Orcan included Arcos on this journey!
“It's going to take more than a few days to learn this language,” Archer sighed.
A noise overhead drew Archer's eyes to the sky and it took him a while to locate the sea bird circling in the distance.
“Wow! I can hear that bird's wings flapping from here! I wonder if it's looking for us.”
Arcos immediately surfaced beside Archer and searched the sky. As soon as he spotted the bird, he raced toward it. Eager to join the game, Manto lunged after him and the surge of water going over his back nearly toppled Archer into the sea. While Arcos and Manto raced through the whitecaps, Archer tightened his grip on Manto's mane and hung on.
“What are you doing?” Archer called. “Why didn't you warn me?”
“We’re easier to see if we’re moving,” said Arcos.
“You can slow down now! The bird has seen us and is heading our way. How did it find us way out here?”
“All of Mino's creatures know where we are,” Arcos replied. “I heard you mention the bird and came to see what you were talking about. Tell Manto to stop and the bird will land.”
“How can I do that?”
“You can put him behind a turtle,” Arcos suggested with a smile.
“I’ll figure something out,” Archer replied, not sure how to stop Manto now that he'd stopped chasing Arcos and started chasing white caps.
He closed his eyes, pressed his knees tight against the carpin's sides and pictured a rock looming out of the water in front of them. Manto threw down his tail, came to an abrupt stop and almost pitched Archer over his head.
“I did it! I got him to stop!”
“That picture would have stopped anything,” Arcos remarked and brought his upper body out of the water. He held out his arm, the bird landed on the living perch and Arcos looked at Archer.
“Now's your chance to close your eyes and watch me talk to the bird.”
Archer nodded, closed his eyes and a circle of light appeared in the blackness beneath his lids. The bird’s raucous voice echoed across the waves and jumbled pictures flashed by before they stopped moving and revealed a calm sea that stretched for miles. The next pictures showed a cliff, a jungle and a deep crevasse. Before everything went black, a sea turtle appeared in the light.
Archer opened his eyes and watched Arcos launch the bird into the sky.
“I saw a cliff, a jungle and a turtle. I don't know what any of that means. What did the bird tell you?”
“The bird brought good news,” Arcos replied. “The cliff forms Acura's outer boundary where Mino's birds nest above the water. Before we reach it, we'll travel through a kelp garden, the home of the blue dragons. The turtle scout you released sent the bird the picture of the kelp garden at the base of the cliff.”
“How did the turtle get to Acura so fast?”
“We're not far from the tableland and distance is deceiving when you can't see land. Most air breathers don't know that sea turtles travel at a high rate of speed when they have a destination in mind.”
“How long did it take you to learn the animal's language?” Archer asked.
“I don't know the answer to your question,” Arcos responded. “I've always loved the animals. I've talked to them all my life.”
“You just gave me something else to worry about. Why didn’t someone tell me about the blue dragons?”
Mintar surfaced beside Archer and announced,“We're nearly across the deep water. You'll see Acura's outer gardens soon.”
Archer nodded, but before he could ask Mintar about the blue dragons, Orcan joined him on the surface.
“It's time I told you about a danger between here and Coriana,” Orcan remarked. “We'll spend this night at Acura, but without your skills we can't continue our journey.”
“Are you talking about the blue dragons?”
“We won't have to worry about the blue dragons,” Orcan replied. “I’m talking about the Sea Dragon Caves. Coriana lies on the other side of them.”
“More dragons?”
“The sea dragons left Acura's sea many centuries ago. Some say Quintar is a sea dragon. The Sea Dragon Caves are the most difficult obstacle we'll find on this journey. Manto can't go with us and has to go back to Balycon. If we find our way through the caves, a carpin will meet us on the other side.”
“Why can't Manto go with us?”
“The caves are too long and too deep,” Orcan explained. “Manto is an air breather and can't stay underwater the length of the journey. There are many dangers in the caves and Mintar might not be able to find the tunnel that leads to the other side. If we lose our way, you're the only one who can return to Balycon.”
“Why can't Mintar find the way? I hope you're not going to tell me we're going to find more dragons.”
Orcan grinned. “No dragons. There’s no light in the caves to guide Mintar to the other side. With all his knowledge and skills, Mintar can’t lead us through darkness.”
A perplexed and cautious “Oh” was Archer's response to Orcan’s description of the obstacle that could stop them in their tracks. Why did Orcan think he could get them through the caves? If he didn't figure that out, they couldn't get to Coriana. If they didn't get to Coriana, he couldn't find the trident.
Before Archer could ask another question, Manto dove. The unexpected dive snapped his head back but he managed to hang on when the sea floor came up to meet him. Manto leveled out and headed toward a kelp garden spiraling to the surface.
That looks like the jungle the bird was talking about! It's a solid wall of green! How can we travel through it? How can anything live in it?
A motion to Archer's right made him turn and his eyes widened. A yellow reptile-like creature about 20 feet long swam toward them. Large amber eyes rose on stems above its head and it whipped its flat tail sideways to propel it through the water. Tiny clawed feet erupted at the tips of its fins and when it opened its mouth, it had teeth like Zondo's. It was the oddest looking creature he’d ever seen. It wasn’t an eel and it wasn’t a snake. Archer didn’t know what it was.
What is that thing?
That’s Loca, the dragon fish, Orcan told him. Although he looks dangerous, he won’t harm us. Koros sent him to take us through the kelp and protect us from the blue dragons.
Why can’t we use Banto’s armor to protect us?
The armor can keep us safe, but it can't keep us together so none of us gets lost. Loca will do that for us and we won't have to worry about the blue dragons.
Why not?
They’re Loca’s favorite food, Orcan replied with a smile. He regularly hunts for young dragons and they learn to avoid him.
Anything that dined on dragons didn't sound harmless to Archer. That thing looked like it could tear him limb from limb. Did Koros raise Loca as a pet too? Archer looked up when Arcos removed the small bag from around his waist and approached Loca.
What’s he doing?
Watch and see, was Orcan’s reply.
Arcos reached in the bag, brought out a collar of woven reeds and placed it around Loca’s neck.
Why is he putting a collar on him?
He’s preparing Loca for our journey through the kelp, Orcan explained.
Arcos fastened the collar, turned and led the dragon fish toward them. That’s when Archer saw the lines, each ending with a loop, hanging from Loca's collar.
Arcos approached Archer and told him. Dismount, release Manto and send him home.
Archer reluctantly dismounted, gave Manto a pat on the neck and sent him a picture of the kelp garden outside the Pearl Grotto.
Go home, boy. I’ll see you later.
Manto bounded away and Archer watched like he'd just lost his best friend until the carpin reached deep water and faded from view.
That was smart to show him a picture of something he knows well, Arcos told him. You learn fast.
I’ll miss him, Archer mumbled. Will he be okay?
He’ll be fine, Arcos assured him. Now that we've arrived in Acura, it's time to let Loca take us to our resting place.
Where's our resting place? asked Archer.
On the other side of the kelp.
I was afraid you were going to say that.
There's nothing to fear, Arcos told him. Loca will get us safely through the garden. Grab one of the loops, hold on with one hand and use the other to push the kelp aside. Whatever you do, don’t let go and don't get tangled in the leaves.
Reluctant to approach the dragon fish, Archer hesitated until each member of the guard had grabbed a loop. Archer grabbed the last loop and when everyone was ready, Arcos sent Loca a picture of the cliff on the other side of the kelp garden.
The instant Loca pulled Archer into the foliage, he understood why Arcos told him to hold on tight. The kelp tugged at his arms and legs and might have pulled him loose except his fear of the blue dragons glued his hand to the loop. The dense garden forced Loca to inch his way forward and the leisurely speed let everyone stay untangled even when the kelp got so thick that Archer lost sight of the Ichonauts.
Where are you guys? he called. I can’t see anyone.
We’re close by, said Orcan. Loca knows the way and will bring us safely to the other side. Whatever you do, don’t let go and don’t get tangled in the leaves.
That's what Arcos told me.
Orcan’s words reminded Archer that he had more to worry about than losing sight of the guard. He could be attacked and eaten by blue dragons if he lost his grip and the kelp pulled him away. While he pushed the leaves aside, a kelp branch knocked him in the head and pushed him against Loca. Archer forgot his fear of the dragon fish when a picture of a horde of blue dragons flashed through his mind. He tightened his grip on the loop, closed his eyes and tried not to think about them.
But when Loca’s hideous eyes appeared in the darkness beneath his lids, he cried out, “Orcan!” and sent a mass of bubbles to the surface.
You're safe, said Orcan. We're almost through the kelp. You'll see everyone soon.
Archer peered through the greenery and searched frantically for Orcan and the guard without success until Loca pulled him through a break in the foliage. Orcan’s green tail slid through the leaves beside him and the Ichonaut's head and shoulders appeared an instant later. When the rest of the guard popped into view, they were so close Archer could almost touch them.
Now I know why I couldn't see you! Archer exclaimed. Your tails are the same color as the kelp!
Upset because no one had told him that the layers of kelp could hide the Ichonauts from view, Archer's eyes never left Orcan's tail for fear he'd lose it again. When Loca finally pulled them out of the garden, Archer looked ahead and a familiar image popped into view.
That's what Arcos meant! I'm looking at the image the turtle's message to the bird! The bird couldn't see this from the air.
Orcan and the guard released their loops and swam free. Before Archer could let go and follow them, Orcan told him, Hold on until Loca brings you to shallow water. The guard and I are going to replenish our food supply. We'll meet you at the Cavern of Sponges.
While Mintar and the Ichonauts swam toward the surface, Loca increased his speed and headed another direction. Archer hung on with both hands while Loca pulled him out of the trench and up the side of the cliff. The instant Loca reached the shallows, Archer let go and swam away as fast as he could.
Since Orcan didn't tell him how to find the Cavern of Sponges, Archer stopped at the nearest sandbar. He glanced back and watched Loca join the guard in a low-growing garden where they were harvesting sea grapes. After the harrowing trip through the kelp, Archer was glad for time alone to think about his next challenge, the Sea Dragon Caves.
What am I supposed to do about the Sea Dragon Caves? If I can't figure it out we've come all this way for nothing. Why did Orcan tell me that I'm the only one who can get us through them? I can't use the guard's skills to help me solve this problem unless there's an unusual way to use them. What does Orcan expect me to do? Why did the Ichonauts bring me all this way when they knew we can't go any farther?
Frustrated at the impossible task, Archer leaned against a boulder and scanned Acura's sea.
I’m not going to worry about it until I get more information. Maybe Orcan didn't tell me everything I need to know.
Archer blinked and looked again.
Look at the size of those sea bream! They're ten times larger than those in Balycon!
Swimming behind the sea bream, a silver fish with black and gray stripes darted between two rocks.
I saw one of those on the way to the Rainbow Cave and it was a minnow compared to that big guy.
The plants and shells in Acura's sea reminded Archer of those in Myra’s garden, but they were bigger, lots bigger! Large conical shapes, nearly hidden beneath a layer of green moss, lay scattered across the sea floor. Did the mottled orange, black and white shells in the Cone Tower Garden came from here?
Wow! Look at those pearl fish! I’ve got to see if there's a pearl inside!
Archer pushed away from the boulder and swam to the massive shell. He couldn't pick it up so he pulled his knife from its scabbard and worked the tip into the hinge muscle. It took all his strength to cut through the thick muscle and get the shell to open wide enough to put his fingers between the upper and lower shells. He pulled with all his strength but it didn't budge. He was about to call for help when Orcan appeared at his side.
Looks like you need help, Orcan told him and tugged at the shell until Archer could put both hands in the opening.
Archer pulled while Orcan made the final cut through the hinge muscle. The shell opened and Archer stuck his foot inside. Orcan grabbed the top shell and their combined strength let them open the pearl fish. Archer's eyes widened at the sight of a glowing pearl, the size of an orange, nestled in the gray meat.
Wow! That's so big it doesn't look real!
That’s some pearl, Orcan agreed. What are you going to do with it?
I'd like to give it to Myra for her garden, but it’s too big to carry unless I put it in my food bag.
Archer glanced at the open shell and then at Orcan. I shouldn’t have opened the pearl fish. We can’t eat all that meat.
It won’t go to waste, Orcan told him. This is a perfect way to thank Loca for bringing us through the kelp garden. That might look like a lot of meat but it's a bite for Loca. I’ll have the guard open a couple more for him.
Let me get away from here before you call him. I don’t want to be close to Loca when he’s eating.
Orcan laughed. Take the pearl with you. I’ll join you soon.
Archer carried the pearl to the boulder and was admiring it when Orcan arrived with two more, one in each hand. Archer put them in his food bag which left little room for anything else but that didn’t worry him. He could conjure something up when he got hungry. He dropped the bag in the sand and met Orcan's eyes.
Why did you bring me way out here before you told me about the Sea Dragon Caves? How can I use the guard's skills to get us through them?
The guard can't help you, Orcan replied. Pacion told us you have the ability to solve this problem.
Totally bewildered by Orcan's reply, Archer shook his head and asked, What are you talking about? How can I know how to get through the Sea Dragon Caves when I didn't know about them until now? Have any of the guard been through the caves?
Mintar traveled through them in the long ago past, Orcan replied. He's the only one familiar with the difficulty and the danger.
How can I find the way if no one can help me?
Before Orcan could reply, Archer caught a motion out of the corner of his eye and looked up. Arcos had brought Loca to the opened pearl fish, removed the collar and Loca emptied the shell with a single gulp, Arcos backed away and Loca headed for the kelp garden.
That’s a scary looking creature! Archer remarked with a shudder. At least he’s leaving. I hope he got enough to eat.
Looks like he’s hungry for a blue dragon, Orcan grinned.
Determined to get the conversation away from Loca, Archer asked, Why did the guard act surprised when I used turtles to protect us from the stinger fish?
You forgot what I told you, Orcan replied. We were never in danger. Banto expected you to ask him to place a force field shield. You insulted Chion when you fought the deadly fish with Mino’s turtles.
Orcan's words let Archer understand that he'd panicked and forgot everything Orcan told him before they left Balycon.
Why didn't you remind me?
Pacion told us to let you develop your skills in your own way, Orcan replied. We learn from your actions because you’ll find unique solutions to the challenges you face. Fighting stinger fish with turtles has never been done before. We’ll remember the lesson and look for new ways to let the turtles help us.
But we could have been killed!
Banto would have thrown a shield in time. Your quick thinking surprised us and convinced us to trust your judgment.
Before Archer could ask another question, Doro and Pindar arrived with a bag of shell fish cut in bite-sized pieces. They emptied their bag at Orcan's feet and headed toward a pile of rocks. Toran and Arcos entered camp and added sea grapes and pona leaves to the pile.
After the Ichonauts divided the food, Archer grabbed a piece of meat and wrapped it in a pona leaf. He wanted a cheeseburger but couldn’t figure out how to eat one underwater. The ability to create anything he wanted had its limitations! He nibbled on his food while thinking about the Sea Dragon Caves and finally decided Mintar might be able to help.
He found the Ichonaut reclining against a nearby boulder, swallowed his food and swam to Mintar's side.
Orcan told me you've been through the Sea Dragon Caves. How did you find your way?
That happened before the sea dragons left Acura, Mintar replied. The council planned a new settlement and asked me to explore this area. I knew the sea dragons lived here and asked Arcos to teach me how to talk with them because I wanted to travel to Coriana and see Quintar. After I arrived, the sea dragons welcomed me into their home. I can't lead you through the caves to Coriana’s sea. There are no trails through blackness.
Archer absentmindedly reached in Mintar’s bag, grabbed a piece of pearl fish and popped it in his mouth.
I hope Orcan's right. I hope I can find a way to get us through the caves.
He took a handful of meat, thanked Mintar and headed toward a boulder to be alone with the question that kept taunting him.
How can I find a way through the Sea Dragon Caves?
Evening shadows crept through the sea before Archer joined the guard at the Cavern of Sponges. When he placed the sea turtle shell beneath his head and settled down for the night, he didn't know how to get through the Sea Dragon Caves and went to sleep fearing failure.
\

Chapter Eight
The Sea Dragon Caves
Archer awoke at the first light of dawn and, with his eyes closed, tried to capture an elusive dream. A picture of Pacion appeared in the blackness beneath his lids and he yearned for the feeling of belonging that he’d found in the Rainbow Cave.
If only Pacion were here, he'd tell me how to get through the caves.
Archer felt Pacion’s presence and wondered at the feeling. But when he heard Pacion's voice in his ear, his eyes snapped open and he sat up.
The solution is simple, said Pacion. There's no darkness when you have the power of light.
Archer rubbed his eyes.
Did Pacion just talk to me or did I imagine it? What a silly question. He's in Balycon. He can’t talk to me way out here.
To those who know how to listen, the thought language has no barriers, Pacion responded.
Wow! Pacion is talking to me! What's he talking about? I don’t have the power of light.
The more Archer thought about Pacion’s words, the more excited he became when he realized Pacion had reminded him of his new skill!
It can’t be that easy!
He got up, hurried to the cavern entrance and saw the guard swimming toward him with bags of food. Orcan waved a greeting and Archer waved in return. As soon as Orcan reached Archer's side, he emptied his bag on the sand.
Why didn't you wake me and let me help? Archer asked.
Before we left Balycon, Pacion told me that air breathers solve problems with dream images, Orcan told him. I let you sleep so your dreams could tell you how to find a way through the Sea Dragon Caves.
Archer nodded and retreated to his thoughts while Orcan and the guard prepared their morning meal. Because he wasn't sure he understood Pacion's cryptic clue, he didn't tell Orcan what Pacion had said. Archer looked at his escort and realized the Ichonauts were more than his teachers. They were his friends. During the past two days, they'd treated him like an equal while they survived life threatening dangers and the Ichonauts acted like nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
After this trip with the Ichonauts, do I really want to know who I am, leave them and go home?
Every day he spent with the guard brought Archer closer to the knowledge that he might like to stay. But before he could make that decision, he had to find and return the crystal trident to Balycon. Besides, after he got his memory back and remembered his past everything would change. He pulled his knife from its scabbard, picked up a pearl fish, absentmindedly opened the shell, cut up the meat and ate it.
With an inward sigh, he caught Mintar's eye and asked, How much farther to the Sea Dragon Caves?
Not far.
Can we swim around them?
Mintar shook his head. The caves lie beneath an island. The council asked me many times to find a way through them and explore the sea beyond this boundary. I've brought other new air breathers here in the past but none found a way around this barrier. You can leave the sea and walk across the island, but we can't go with you or help you reach Coriana.
Maybe we don't have to worry about the caves, Archer responded. Maybe I found a way to get us to the other side.
Orcan and the guard stopped what they were doing, stared at him and waited for an explanation. Archer met their eyes and shook his head.
I can't tell you more. I don't know if I have the solution until I see the caves.
Your powers grow, Orcan replied with a nod of approval.
I hope so, Archer told him.
Though he'd made no promise, the guard acted like he'd already found the crystal trident. A motion in the distance made Archer stare into the open sea where the sunlight shining into the sea silhouetted the pod of dolphins playing beneath the whitecaps. They stopped above a school of fish and when they dove, their silhouettes performed a hunting dance beneath the waves.
Do the dolphins know I've found a way through the Sea Dragon Caves? Are they celebrating my success?
Archer wanted to think so and sighed. With Pacion's words echoing in his head, he looked at the guard and smiled at their eagerness to get underway. Their trust in his abilities provided the encouragement he needed and he didn't intend to let them down.
Archer looked at Mintar and raised his hand. The Ichonaut acknowledged his order with a raised eyebrow and swam toward a shallow trench that cut through a coral garden. While he followed Mintar's green tail across the sea floor, Archer retreated to his thoughts and hoped he'd solved Pacion's riddle.
He closed his eyes to capture Pacion's image. To his astonishment and delight, Pacion's features, surrounded by a bright light, appeared in the blackness beneath his lids. Pacion didn't speak but his encouraging smile removed Archer's doubts.
Mintar stopped in front of a rock wall that rose through the water and into the sky.
We’ve reached the Sea Dragon Caves, he announced,
What are you talking about? I don't see a cave!
Mintar waved Archer to follow, approached an overhanging ledge and pointed into the shadows.
Here's the entrance, Mintar told him.
Archer darted ahead, approached the opening and peered into the darkness. Orcan swam to Archer's side and the Ichonaut's nod of encouragement was all Archer needed. He faced the gaping hole, closed his eyes and focused on the memory of his visit to the Rainbow Cave. When a picture of the sparkling crystals at the cavern entrance appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, Archer pictured the crystals on the rocks in front of him.
You did it! Orcan announced.
Archer opened his eyes and stared in awe. Sunlight reflecting off the crystal points lit the cave and transformed the black abyss. Archer waved the guard forward and told Mintar, I can light the way, but you have to keep us heading the right direction.
I understand, Mintar told him.
As they made their way through the Sea Dragon Caves, Archer covered the cavern and tunnel walls with crystal points. The crystal light took them deep into the labyrinth and far beyond Acura's Sea. They found caves with ceilings so high they disappeared into a black void. To conserve his strength, Archer kept the crystal points near the floor and ignored the nooks and crannies that begged him to stop to look for treasure.
This is not the time to be thinking about treasure hunting, he muttered under his breath. If I decide to stay, I'll ask Orcan to bring me back.
The main tunnel forked, Mintar took the right fork and waved everyone forward. The tunnel curved around a bend and came to a dead end. Mintar retraced their route and Archer followed the guard back to the fork and removed the crystals behind them. A few more tunnels stopped them in their tracks. Before Archer let Mintar continue, he always removed the crystals in the tunnels that led nowhere.
Archer's fear of failure and his growing weariness combined to make it difficult to focus on the task at hand. Every time he closed his eyes to picture the crystal points, they took longer to appear. It seemed hours had passed since they left Acura and the crystal light began to dim. Although cracks in the ceiling boosted the light from the cavern entrance, how far could they go before they had no light at all? If they didn't reach the Sea of Coriana soon, they might have to find their way in the dark.
As much as that thought terrified Archer, another filled him with dread. What if Mintar couldn’t find the tunnel that led to Coriana’s sea? Orcan warned him what would happen if they got lost. That's why he removed the crystals in the tunnels that led to dead ends. If they couldn't get to Coriana’s sea, they could always follow the light back to Acura.
We're not alone, Toran called.
Archer expected the warning for he'd heard a muffled sound and clatter of stones in the tunnel off to their right. Before he could ask about the noise, Toran had anticipated his question and called the warning.
What can live in these dark caves? Archer asked.
This is the home of a scurapin, Toran told him.
What's a scurapin?
The eight-legged one, Toran replied. We must advance with caution and be prepared for an attack. We await your orders.
A picture of the creature Toran described flashed through Archer’s mind, tugged at his memory and his memory didn’t fail him. He knew this creature from pictures in school books. Toran had sent him a picture of a giant squid! According to the books he'd read about sea creatures, the giant squid grew as large as a whale and he'd seen a picture of a giant squid attacking a ship.
I know that animal, Archer said and waved everyone forward. We're being stalked by a creature the size of a bus! Hurry! We’ve got to hurry!
Archer fought his weariness and placed crystals on the walls as fast as he could while listening to the scurapin's movements through the tunnels. It was close and getting closer. When Mintar exited the tunnel and stopped in a large cave, the sound of tumbling rocks and boulders came from the tunnel behind them.
Where is it? Archer asked.
It followed us through the tunnel, said Banto. We have to stop and prepare our defense. We can't outrun the scurapin and we can't overcome it in battle.
Banto's words brought Archer out of his panic and he knew what to do. A force field! Banto, throw a force field and block the tunnel!
Banto faced the tunnel and closed his eyes. The remaining guard pulled their knifes from their scabbards and surrounded Archer. Archer peered into the tunnel and stared in horror at the monster coming toward them beneath the crystal's light.
Hurry, Banto!
Shock waves roiled the water when the scurapin collided with Banto's shield. Apparently unhurt, it backed away and explored the invisible barrier with a waving tentacle. A second tentacle reached out, attached its gray suckers to the shield and tried to push it away. When its efforts failed, the scurapin turned its head sideways, pressed a large yellow eye against the barrier and stared at Archer.
Archer froze at the sight of his image in the scurapin’s angry eye and didn't look away until Orcan spoke.
We have to find our way to the Sea of Coriana as fast as we can, Orcan warned. The scurapin knows these caves and might come at us from another direction. If it gets ahead of us and Banto has to stop it with another shield, we'll be trapped.
Tired, frustrated and frightened, Archer met Orcan's eyes. He’d found a way to light the caves, but it wasn't enough. It didn't get them to the other side or keep them out of danger. If he didn’t solve this problem, the guard might never get home.
The scurapin is blocking the way back to Acura, Archer replied, acting braver than he felt. He waved the guard forward. We can't go back. We have to find the way to Coriana's sea.
With Mintar in the lead, Archer lit the way. Banto and Toran dropped behind to act as rear guard. The crystal light was dim and getting dimmer. Each time they found another fork, Archer peered into the darkness and worried they'd find another scurapin. Although more dead ends forced them to backtrack, Mintar always found a way to keep them moving forward. A picture of the scurapin's angry yellow eye kept flashing through Archer's mind and spurred him on. He covered the cavern walls with crystals as fast as he could but when another dead end stopped them in their tracks, he despaired.
My arms and legs feel like lead. I have to rest.
You can rest soon, Mintar told him when they entered a small cave. We're near the other side.
What are you talking about?
Look up!
Across the cave, a glow lit another tunnel. Archer looked into Mintar’s smile and asked, Are we really through the caves or are we going around in circles?
We would have found the scurapin if I’d gone the wrong way, Mintar reminded him.
Mintar swam into the tunnel, stopped halfway and pointed at a tunnel nearly hidden in the shadows of an overhanging rock.
Why did you stop and why are you pointing at that tunnel? Archer asked. It won't go anywhere.
I’ve been looking for that tunnel ever since we entered the Sea Dragon Caves, Mintar told him. It’s the doorway to Coriana's sea.
Too tired to argue, Archer shook his head, closed his eyes and filled the passage of the tunnel with crystals. When he opened his eyes, Orcan stopped at his side.
You've brought us to safety, Orcan told him. Even if the scurapin finds a way to follow us, Banto can stop it from following us.
We're not there yet, Archer replied and darted toward the light around the next bend.
Archer increased his speed with the guard at his heels. Through the twisting, turning tunnel, he ignored his fatigue, raced at full speed. He didn't slow until he left the Sea Dragon Caves and swam into the Sea of Coriana before he glanced back. The rainbows swirling through the water reminded him of Pacion and the Rainbow Cave. He shook his head and grinned. No longer dark and mysterious, the Sea Dragon Caves blazed with light.
Thank you, Pacion!
Arcos whistled. Archer looked up and saw a flash of white in the distance.
How did the carpin get here so fast?
I called him while you were bringing us through the caves. He's been waiting for us.
Boy, am I glad to see you, Archer said when the carpin reached his side. He grabbed a handful of mane, threw a leg over his back and said, I don’t care if you’re not Manto. I'm so tired I can’t swim another stroke.
There's a resting place nearby, Mintar told him.
Archer nodded, content to let Mintar take charge. The hours of concentration had taken their toll. He blinked his eyes and tried to remove the pictures of flashing crystal points and the scurapin’s angry yellow eye but it didn't work.
Archer waved Banto to his side. You saved our lives back there. That force field shield is really neat. Will you teach me how to make one?
You already know how, Banto replied. Your imaging skills are better than mine.
You mean all I have to do is see it in my mind.
A force field barrier is a light shield created with a picture, Banto confirmed.
But we wouldn't have survived if you hadn’t stopped the scurapin in time, Archer insisted.
As a member of the guard, I'm here to serve. I'm honored to be one of your teachers.
Before Archer could reply, Mintar pointed at a coral ridge rising from the sea floor.
We'll stop there, he announced.
Archer nodded and retreated to his thoughts. In no time at all, Mintar raised his hand and the guard scattered.
Where's everyone going? Archer asked.
To replenish our food supplies, Mintar told him. Before I join them, there's something I want to show you.
Mintar approached a pink coral tree with frilly branches that reminded Archer of an old-fashioned parasol. A school of blue fish darted through its foliage and Archer remarked, That's a weird coral tree.
Almost as weird as the fresh water fountain you're about to see, Mintar told him.
Fresh water fountain? How can there be a fresh water fountain beneath the sea?
Curiosity propelled Archer to Mintar's side when the Ichonaut approached what looked like a random stack of pink coral balls. Blue sea feathers grew at the fountain's base and danced in the current when their approach roiled the water.
A stream of water erupted from the top of the stacked coral and spewed into the sea. Archer stared in disbelief when the fresh water collided with the salt water and two intertwining ribbons of water swirled to the surface.
Why isn't the fresh water merging with the sea water? Archer asked. I didn't know water could do that.
I don't know the answer to your question, Mintar replied. You may drink if you're thirsty.
Archer swam to the top of the fountain and sucked in a mouthful of water.
It's cold! Man! That tastes good! This is the first time I've been thirsty since Myra placed the collar around my neck.
While Archer quenched his thirst, Mintar joined the guard. By the time the guard returned from their harvest, Archer was lounging in the sand watching the fish.
Can we stay here a while? Archer asked. I'm really tired.
It's too late in the day to go farther, Orcan told him. We’ll spend the night and that will give you time to think about the challenge ahead.
Now what are you talking about?
I'm talking about Quintar.
Too tired to think about the big green dragon, Archer didn't reply. They'd survived a stinger fish attach, found their way through the Sea Dragon Caves and stopped a scurapin. Surely a dragon couldn’t challenge him more than that.
Unwilling to think about tomorrow or the surprises it might bring, Archer lapsed into silence and watched the sea around him. When a ray of sunlight reflected off a school of fish in the distance, their flashing scales lit up the sea.
They look like a wall of miniature mirrors, he muttered beneath his breath.
Several long, sleek fish darted through the shallows and raced toward the unsuspecting fish. The mirrors exploded like fireworks when the fish scattered. Fascinated with the drama taking place in the distance, Archer watched until the hunters and the hunted disappeared from view.
It's time to join the others, Orcan remarked. You'll feel better after you eat.
Archer rose and followed Orcan to the entrance of a cave that contained a luxurious garden of soft coral. He wanted to swim inside, curl up and sleep. Instead, he sat in the sand with the Ichonauts and reclined against a boulder. Only after Doro brought him a bag of mollusks and sea grapes did Archer discover his hunger. He pulled his knife from its scabbard, opened the lavender shellfish of Coriana's sea and thought about Quintar while he ate.
After his meal, he gazed into the distance and found the night hunters emerging from their dens to stalk the careless fish that hadn't sought cover. Shadows filled the sea before Archer swam to the back of the cave and prepared his bed. When Banto stopped inside to place a force field barrier at the entrance, Archer smiled.
That’ll stop any scurapin lurking nearby.
It had been the most difficult day of their journey. Too exhausted to think about the dragon in Coriana’s lagoon, Archer closed his eyes and found his dreams long before the guard sought their rest.

Chapter Nine
Ghosts of the Deep
Archer woke at daybreak, refreshed and alert. He lay with his eyes closed and not only remembered he'd slept in a cave in Coriana's sea, he remembered how he got here. Where did he get the skills that made it happen? How did he visualize crystals, make them appear and bring light to the Sea Dragon Caves? How did Pacion send him a message from Balycon? Why did he find everything so difficult to understand?
I can't think about all this stuff now. According to Orcan, we'll reach the island tomorrow. Every time I think about Coriana, I think about Quintar. And every time I think about Quintar, I remember Koros and his dragon. Why isn't the guard worried about Quintar? Why do I have so many questions without answers? If Pacion can tell me how to get through the Sea Dragon Caves, why can't he tell me how to get past Quintar?
Archer rose from his bed and found Mintar outside the cave.
Good morning, Mintar greeted. We’ll see the great fish of Acura today.
Are they giants like everything in Acura? Archer asked.
They’re the largest fish we'll find on this journey, Mintar replied. In the long ago past, the great fish came to Acura and ate the sea dragons' food. The great fish threatened the sea dragons and made them hide during the day and hunt at night while the great fish slept.
What happened to the sea dragons? Did the great fish eat them? How did the great fish get to Coriana’s Sea?
Mintar smiled at Archer's rapid-fire questions and told him, After the great fish ate the sea dragons food and came after the sea dragons, the sea dragons got their revenge by leading the great fish on a chase through the caves. When they got close to Coriana, the sea dragons dodged into a dark tunnel and the great fish headed toward the light. The great fish no longer rule Acura because they can't find their way back.
Are they dangerous?
They threaten everything that comes near.
Archer didn't need to ask what the great fish looked like. Mintar’s words included pictures of the monsters.
You need not fear the great fish, Mintar reassured him. Banto's shield will protect us.
A motion in the distance caught Archer's eye and he turned to see the guard gathering food from the sea floor. At Orcan’s hand signal everyone stopped what they were doing and headed toward the cave. After greeting Archer, the guard emptied the bags and divided the food. Pindar prepared a bag for Archer and invited him to join them.
With Pindar on one side and Orcan on the other, Archer opened a shell, removed the meat and cut it in pieces. Reef fish darted in and nibbled the tiny bits floating free every time he popped food in his mouth. Archer reached into his bag for another shell.
Ouch, he cried, jerked his hand out of the bag and found a yellow crab clinging to his fingers. He shook it off and looked up to find Pindar and Orcan watching him with amusement in their eyes.
That thing bit me. What was it doing in my bag?
We each have one, Orcan grinned. The yellow crabs are a special treat when we find them.
You and the guard can eat yellow crabs if you want! I’m not eating anything that bites back!
Archer searched his bag and when he didn't find any more crabs, shook his head and muttered, I really want a cheeseburger but I can't eat one underwater.
He opened another pearl fish, wrapped the meat in a pona leaf and popped it in his mouth. More than a little upset with Pindar and Orcan for their practical joke, he ignored them and stared out to the sea.
After he finished his meal, he announced to no one in particular, I’m going to call the carpin.
Archer flashed Arcos a smile before he imitated the Ichonaut's whistle. A movement in a nearby kelp garden revealed the carpin’s location and Archer made his way through the kelp, approached the carpin and patted him on the nose.
I'm going to call you Gypsy, he told the carpin and grabbed a handful of mane. Archer mounted and sent Gypsy a picture of the lounging Ichonauts. He grinned through gritted teeth and barely kept his seat when Gypsy lunged.
Your skills improve, said Arcos when Gypsy stopped in front of him.
I like the carpin.
Animals see your heart. Remember that when you talk with them.
If everyone is through eating, we have to cross the Sea of Great Fish and reach our resting place before dark, Mintar reminded them.
While Banto and Toran cleaned up their camp, the rest of the guard tied their food bags to their waists. While Mintar led them into the rising sun, Archer sent Gypsy a picture of Mintar and, to Archer's surprise and delight, the carpin stayed close to Mintar's green tail. They swam over a series of deep trenches and after they crossed the last trench, Gypsy headed toward the whitecaps. The carpin carried Archer out of the water, a gale force wind hit Archer in the face and snapped his head back. The first thing Archer noticed when he regained his balance was the bank of dark clouds rolling across the sky toward him.
“There's a storm coming! That's a funnel cloud dropping down from that mess!”
Mintar's head popped out of the water beside the carpin, looked at the storm and announced, "We've met the enemy.”
“What do you mean?”
“I'm surprised you don't feel the hatred and rage in the storm,” he said. “Chion sent the whirling wind."
“I must have made him mad when I stopped his stinger fish with turtles,” Archer told him.
“We can't stay on the surface!” Mintar replied. “We have to find shelter and find it fast! Dismount, release the carpin and follow me!”
Mintar dove. Archer dismounted and called Arcos before he followed Mintar beneath the surface.
Arcos! There's a storm approaching! Send Gypsy to safety! Everyone look for shelter!
Archer found Mintar a few feet beneath the surface and followed the Ichonaut into the nearest trench.
We don't have much time, Archer remarked. If we don't find cover, the whirling wind will suck us into the sky.
I’ve been this way before, Mintar told him. We're lucky Chion chose to attack over the trenches. There's shelter nearby.
Archer scanned the sea but didn't see any of the guard. Where is everyone?
Close by, Mintar replied and signaled him to silence with a hand signal. Orcan has found something. Follow me.
Mintar swam deeper into the trench and around a ledge where they spotted Orcan pointing at a gaping hole in the rock.
He found a cave!
And just in time, Mintar replied. We have to hurry.
While Archer and Mintar approached the cave, Orcan darted through the opening only to reappear at the cavern entrance and wave them in. Mintar sped to the cave with Archer directly behind him. Before they reached it, the sea began to churn. The roiling water stirred up the sea floor and lowered their visibility. Mintar disappeared into the cave while Archer waited for the guard racing toward him. Before Banto could dive into the cave, Archer stopped him outside.
Will you show me how to place a force field shield?
We can't talk out here, Banto replied. Let's get inside.
Banto dove through the opening with Archer at his heels, but not before a piece of coral flew down the trench and cut a gash in his thigh. Archer didn’t know he’d been injured until Banto pointed at the blood streaming from the wound.
You’re hurt. You need to have Orcan fix your leg.
It looks bad but it doesn't hurt. I’ll see Orcan after you show me how to seal the entry.
It isn't difficult to create a force field shield, Banto told him. Close your eyes and picture a wall of light across the opening. It's important that you make it strong enough to stop anything until you remove it. Don't open your eyes until you see it clearly and hear it drop in place.
Archer closed his eyes and easily pictured a wall of light across the opening. He heard a small click and looked up.
I heard something.
The sound confirmed you placed the shield correctly.
Are you sure?
You made a perfect shield, Banto assured him. I can see it when I close my eyes.
How can you see an invisible shield with your eyes closed?
That will be your next lesson, Banto explained. Now let’s get that leg fixed.
With Banto at his side, Archer swam through a water-worn passage until they reached the cave where Orcan and the guard reclined against the wall.
I need your help, Archer told Orcan. A piece of coral cut my leg before I got inside.
Let me see. Orcan reached out and placed his hand on the gash. Coral cuts are dangerous. I have to remove the broken coral so it can't cause more damage.
When Orcan took his hand away from Archer’s leg, he held a piece of coral between his fingers and dropped it on the cavern floor. He covered the wound with his hand, Archer’s flesh tingled with warmth and Orcan pulled his hand away.
It stopped bleeding! Archer exclaimed. And there's no scar! How do you do that?
You have great imaging abilities, Orcan remarked. You can be a healer if you try.
Archer shook his head. Never in a million years.
Even though he'd learned to create food, healing cuts, bumps and bruises was surely beyond his power. Archer looked at his leg and shook his head when he found no sign of the injury.
A picture of a sandy-haired boy falling off a bicycle and bashing his knee on the pavement flashed through Archer's mind. He saw the boy getting stitched and bandaged by a man in a white coat before the image vanished. Then he remembered racing down a sidewalk on a brand new red bicycle, hitting a toy truck and flying over the handlebars. Archer looked at his knee and found a tiny scar.
That was me seeing the doctor! Am I getting my memory back?
Archer flexed his leg and met Orcan's eyes. I’d like to go exploring and see what’s here. Is that okay?
I’ve noticed your curiosity, Orcan told him. That’s not always a good thing.
I’ll be careful, Archer promised.
At Orcan’s nod, Archer swam through a tunnel that led to several caves too small to contain anything larger than sea shells. He entered a narrow tunnel that brought him to a second cave where shrimp, clams, cowries, cones, spider shells, lobster, and starfish lived in a sea feather garden and hosted a school of orange fish that peeked out from behind the flowers.
Nothing in here to be afraid of, he muttered.
Archer had wanted to leave Orcan and the guard to find a quiet spot to think about the boy on the bicycle. But when he scanned the cave, the sun shining through a crack in the rock revealed a stunning display of brilliant colors that made him forget why he left them.
Wow! This is amazing! Look at the reds, blues, pinks and greens and all the colors in between! It looks like a box of crayons!
Instead of exploring the cave further, Archer sat on a rock to think about his new friends.
I really like the Ichonauts and the way they treat me. Maybe I should forget about my past and stay in Balycon. That’s silly. I have to learn where I came from. Someone is probably looking for me. Now is not the time to think about my future. I have to get back before Orcan thinks I got lost.
Archer swam into a tunnel with sunlight streaming through a long, wide crack in the ceiling. He spun in the water. I didn't see that before. I must not have come this way. Why did I go off by myself anyway?
Before Archer could panic, Orcan told him, Both passages lead back to us. You can't get lost.
Archer swam through the tunnel and rejoined the guard. After he found a place to rest, he looked at Orcan and asked, How long will we be here?
The whirling winds are dangerous but don’t last long, Orcan replied. We're lucky Chion didn't send them while we were over deep water.
What about Gypsy? Will he be all right?
The carpin will be safe, Orcan assured him. Chion sent the storm against us.
Can I ask some questions while we wait for the storm to pass?
What do you want to know?
Myra told me that everyone in Balycon lives a long time. Why haven't you outgrown your home?
We've outgrown our home many times. That's why Mintar is an important member of our community.
What do you mean?
The council controls how many may live in Balycon so we don't outgrow the space for our homes and gardens. For someone to join Balycon, someone must leave. We've started many settlements to make room for newcomers. Mintar finds locations for new settlements that can provide adequate food and garden space and takes everyone who wants to leave Balycon to their new home.
Is that why I didn't see children?
No one may begin a family in Balycon without permission, Orcan replied. When a couple moves to an outer settlement, there's always room for children. Because our children are born in outer settlements, Balycon exists without their laughter.
Archer thought that was sad but didn’t say so. He raised his arm and looked at the coral bracelet.
Does this bracelet tell others I'm from Balycon?
It also tells them that you're a new air breather with special skills.
Did someone leave Balycon to make room for me? I know what it's like not to have a home. I don't want that to happen to anyone else.
You didn't send anyone from their home, Orcan assured him. Before the wave brought you to Balycon, a couple who wanted children moved to Oserra. We actually have room for one more.
The noise outside made everyone look toward the cavern entrance. It sounded like everything loose on the sea floor was hitting Archer's force field barrier. Chion's hatred vibrated through the rock and Archer shuddered.
Archer looked at Orcan. Chion's really mad isn't he?
He didn't expect us to get through the Sea Dragon Caves, Orcan told him.
Archer glanced at Banto. Will my shield hold? Are we safe?
We're protected, Banto replied. I knew you'd worry so I placed a shield behind yours. When the storm stops, you'll see how well you've done.
The pounding storm reminded Archer of the danger that waited in Coriana's sea and he met Orcan's eyes. I'd like to know more about Quintar.
Quintar is the same color as Koros' pet but he's a different kind of dragon, Orcan replied. He's thinner and faster and most believe he's a sea dragon because of his size. He lives in a lair in a cave at the base of a cliff but likes to nap in the sun on the beach. He’s lived in Coriana's lagoon for as long as anyone can remember.
Is he loyal to Chion?
Quintar is loyal to no one. Chion chose the island because we had no air breathers who could leave the water and seek the crystal trident on land. He also knew we couldn't get through the Sea Dragon Caves. Although Quintar guards the lagoon, he isn’t a threat.
A picture of the dragon flashed through Archer's mind and he shook his head at Orcan's words. Quintar looked like a threat to him. Before Archer could ask more questions, the guard rose from the cavern floor and scattered into the tunnels.
Where are they going?
To gather food and explore that amazing cave you found, Orcan said. We'll eat before we leave and the guard always finds unexpected treats in rarely used caves.
Archer retreated to his thoughts and didn't look up until Pindar returned and handed him a bag. Archer looked at his bag and then at Pindar.
I didn't bring you any yellow crabs, Pindar told him with a smile.
After Pindar left, Archer relaxed against the cavern wall and hit a button on his watch. April 17 popped up in the little window. Orcan said the trip to Coriana took five days. They'd passed the halfway point. Would the storm delay them so they couldn't make it in five days? Even after the storm left the area, they couldn’t travel through the churning debris in its wake. How long would they need to wait it out? And how much farther did they have to go?
The whirling wind won't last long, Mintar said in response to Archer's thoughts. It’s already passed overhead. If we leave now, we can reach our rest stop before dark. But we have to hurry if we hope to cross the Sea of Great Fish before the sun leaves the sky.
Then I’d better check my force field shield to make sure I did it right, Archer replied and signaled Banto to join him.
At the cavern entrance, Banto closed his eyes and removed the shield he'd placed outside Archer's. Kelp leaves, coral branches, sea shells and pebbles raced past. A large coral tree bounced against Archer's shield and the resulting thump vibrated through the cave.
I did it! My shield held! But we can't leave. It's too dangerous with all that stuff in the water. Let's go back and tell the others.
With Banto at his heels, Archer headed back to the guard.
We have to wait, he told them. The current's too strong and there's broken coral and rocks flying down the trench.
If we wait much longer, we’ll have to spend the night, Mintar cautioned.
Can your invisible shield protect us from flying debris? Archer asked Banto.
At the Ichonaut's nod, Archer smiled at Mintar. Your description of the great fish included pictures that let me see how large they are. Since we need Banto’s shield to protect us while we cross the Sea of Great Fish, he can place the shield now to protect us from the storm.
The guard exchanged glances and Archer wondered what he'd said to cause that reaction. The guard acknowledged his order and tied their food bags around their waists before they followed Archer to the cavern exit. Gypsy waited on the other side of the shield and barely managed to dodge a coral tree.
Archer glanced at Arcos.
I called him, Arcos said in response to Archer's silent question.
Archer told Banto, Protect Gypsy with a shield.
I can't do that until you remove your shield, Banto replied.
How do I do that?
The same way you placed it. Close your eyes and see the shield disappear.
Archer closed his eyes and pictured his shield crumbling to the cavern floor. When he opened his eyes, a sea shell whizzed past Gypsy's head.
Banto, place the shield so we can join Gypsy.
Banto closed his eyes and created a floating shield beside the carpin that stopped the flying debris and let it drop to the sea floor. Archer swam to the carpin and the guard followed him into a calm sea. After Archer mounted and the Ichonauts gathered around Gypsy, Banto enclosed them in a second shield that could travel with them.
The guard exchanged glances a second time. Archer was about to ask what was going on when Orcan told him, We've never used a force field against a storm. You've taught us another lesson.
Mintar’s hand signal sent Doro and Pindar to the front of the shield so they could push it through the water. Debris clattered off the shield and Archer found something else to ponder.
You look troubled, said Orcan. What's wrong?
How did Banto create a shield that lets water flow through it?
Because the shield has to travel with us, Banto didn't surround us with a solid wall of light, Orcan replied. The shield is shaped like a bubble with hundreds of holes small enough to stop anything that can harm us, but large enough to let the water through.
For some strange reason, a picture of a glass globe containing a snowman with a carrot nose and a corncob pipe flashed through Archer’s mind.
What was that about? he wondered.
When the seafloor dropped away and they entered deep water, Mintar told Archer, This is the home of the great fish. Banto's shield will let us stay near the surface so the carpin can breathe.
Archer caught a motion out of the corner of his eye and scanned the sea. His eyes widened when he spotted the great fish circling in the distance. Larger than whales, they made him think of the fish he'd seen in Acura's sea. Mintar's pictures told him they were big but he didn't expect them to be large enough to suck in and swallow several Ichonauts. Ivory tusks extended from their upper lips but the weird tusks failed to detract from their odd protruding eyes.
I may have lost my memory, but I'm pretty sure I've never seen fish that looked like that, Archer remarked.
Doro and Pindar ignored the threat and pushed the shield toward the great fish while Mintar, Gypsy, Archer and the rest of the guard swam behind them. The great fish approached and circled the shield. Archer glanced back in time to see a great fish race toward them with mouth open and teeth exposed.
It's attacking! Banto, save us!
Someone grabbed Archer's wrist, jerked him off the carpin and pulled him through a wall of bubbles. Archer closed his eyes and tried to stay calm.
We’re not going to make it to Coriana! I’m not going to find the crystal trident! We’ve come all this way to feed the fish!
A loud crash echoed through the sea. The hand released him, the bubbles disappeared and Archer opened his eyes.
It's going to eat us!
No it isn't, said Orcan. We're safe.
How can we be safe?
Look up, Orcan told him.
Archer looked at the surface where Arcos swam with Gypsy. The remaining guard hung in the water around the carpin. Archer spun in the water, scanned the sea and found several great fish swimming toward them. One got close before it turned and swam away.
What happened? What was that noise?
The great fish lost a few teeth when it hit the shield Banto placed in the sea behind us.
Why did you pull me off Gypsy?
We could have been seriously injured if the great fish pushed the shield into us.
Let's get out of here. I don't like this place.
Our resting place is near, Orcan told him. Mount the carpin and we'll be on our way.
During the remainder of the journey across the Sea of Great Fish, Gypsy swam without fear. The guard ignored the monsters even when they ventured close enough too touch Banto's shield with a nose or tail. Although none attempted a second attack, Archer didn't relax until they reached the shallows where the fish couldn't follow and Banto removed the the shield.
We've reach our resting place, Mintar announced, his hand signal sending Doro and Pindar ahead.
I hope it's a soft coral bed in a deep cave, Archer told him.
This resting place offers neither but we’ll be safe, Mintar replied.
Mintar stopped at a sandbar where several black boulders lay scattered across the sea floor. Clumps of orange sea fans grew around the rocks and provided the only color in the drab environment. In the distance, the skeleton of a submarine lay in the sand and Doro and Pindar reclined against the wreck.
What is this place?
The Desert of Souls, Mintar replied.
That's an odd name, Archer remarked. An air breather must have named it because an Ichonaut wouldn't know anything about deserts.
Archer urged Gypsy forward and dismounted near the wreck. Curiosity drew him toward a gaping hole and he swam inside. Stacked bunks in the rusted interior indicated he'd entered the crews' quarters. He swam through the wreck, his thoughts on the men who must have perished with their ship. Before he'd gone far, the hair on the back of his neck began to rise, the walls closed in and he struggled for air.
Why am I afraid? There's nothing here!
But Archer's fear made him turn and race toward the exit. Layers of silt, disturbed by the roiling water, formed a cloud that followed him out of the ship. When he reached the exit and flew into the open sea, he nearly collided with Mintar.
His heart was pounding in his chest and fear shone in his eyes when Mintar asked, Are you all right? I wondered where you went and came to find you.
I'm okay.
Archer scanned the sea and found the guard gathering food near an outcropping of rocks. The great fish circled in the distance, waiting for them to venture into deep water. Eager to leave the wreck and whatever had frightened him, Archer's hand signal told Mintar he was going to help the guard.
After their evening meal, the sun dropped beneath the horizon and twilight claimed the sea. Archer relaxed against a boulder and studied the wreck. How did the submarine end up on the sea floor? Pictures of torpedoes racing through the water and bombs falling from the sky flashed through his mind.
He glanced at Orcan. Why did I see pictures of torpedoes and bombs?
I heard your question and saw the pictures, Orcan told him. The Desert of Souls contains memories of those who lost their lives here. Maybe a ghost answered your question.
That's ridiculous!
Maybe so.
Archer changed the subject. Where am I supposed to sleep?
You can join Doro and Pindar outside the wreck or you can find a place between two boulders, Orcan replied.
Is it safe to sleep in the open?
It’s safe, Orcan assured him.
Then I’m going to bed.
Trusting Orcan and Mintar's assurance of his safety, Archer slid between two boulders and dug a hollow in the sand. After he made a pillow with the turtle shell, he settled in for the night and tried to forget the fear he'd found inside the wreck.
Why do I keep wandering off, he muttered before he fell asleep.

Chapter Ten
Quintar The Dragon
The gaping hole in the submarine's side was the first thing Archer saw when he awoke. A shudder ran through his body when he remembered the fear he’d felt the night before.
There can't be ghosts in that old sub. I imagined it.
The hole in the wreck drew him like a magnet. Archer rose and swam toward it. Halfway there he stopped, looked back and didn't see the guard.
Where are they?
Archer turned in a slow circle and found the guard harvesting food in the distance, their bags bulging with food.
They’ll be back soon. While I'm waiting, I'm going to find out what scared me yesterday.
Archer approached the sub, remembered the silt he'd disturbed the day before and tried not to touch anything when he swam through the opening.
It's just a big, empty hull. Nothing dangerous here.
Archer reached for a bunk rail and the instant his hand touched the metal, a wavy image of a sailor appeared in front of him. Chills raced down Archer's spine at the terror in the sailor's eyes and he pushed away from the rail. The ghost floated toward him. Archer dug his feet into the silt and fled toward the open sea. He hadn't gone far when ghosts of more dead sailors appeared in the water.
I’ve got to get out of here!
In his flight to get away from the ghostly images, Archer raced through the water and bolted out of the submarine. He sensed a presence behind him and whirled, expecting to find the ghosts. Instead he found Orcan looking at him with concern in his eyes.
You've seen the lost ones, Orcan said.
Orcan's words explained Archer's fear, but didn't erase the ghostly images from his mind.
You knew what I'd find?
The collar gives some air breathers another vision. I should have told you.
Archer glanced at the wreck, a large rotting hulk that no longer held a mystery that called him to explore.
That’s what you meant when you said I’m too curious.
Curiosity has its place, Orcan replied. You haven’t learned how to use it.
Is it time to leave? Archer asked.
After we eat. It’s a long way to Coriana.
Orcan spun in the water and headed toward the guard who reclined near a low rock formation. Afraid to be alone near the wreck, Archer sped after him. He closed his eyes and tried to shake the memory of his fear but was terrified anew when the sailors' ghosts appeared in the blackness beneath his lids.
Archer's eyes snapped open. That’s the last time I’ll go anywhere without asking what I might find. Why didn't someone warn me?
Archer joined the guard and Mintar handed him a food bag. A flash of white in the distance made him look up and scan the sea. He found Gypsy grazing in a nearby kelp garden above a school of brightly colored fish scavenging for food in the rocks.
The peaceful scene reminded Archer of the crystal trident and he closed his eyes. When a picture of the trident's golden fork and sparkling crystal globes appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, he smiled. Before he opened his eyes, the picture changed and he was looking at the streets of Lemandia. A sense of nostalgia washed over him and he opened his eyes.
Now I know what bothered me about that trip with Pacion! When I saw him as a young man, it surprised me so much that I didn't notice the city looked and felt familiar, like I was coming home after a long journey! That's impossible! I wish I knew what's happening to me!
Archer glanced at the guard. I have to stop thinking about the white stone city until I figure out how to get past Quintar. As soon as I get back to Balycon, I'm going to have a lot of questions for Pacion.
While Archer studied the sandy meadow where they’d spent the night, he noticed the great fish circling in the deep water and remembered the attack from the day before. They might have spent the night in the shallows but it wasn't shallow enough to stop the great fish from attacking. Why did Mintar expose them to the danger?
The great fish have spirit vision, Mintar remarked when he joined Archer. That’s why we stayed here.
Did you just say the great fish are afraid of ghosts? That’s silly!
Look how they circle in the distance. They’re hungry but won’t venture near. We don’t need Banto’s force field shield when the spirits protect us.
Archer didn't reply. He'd had enough of ghosts and great fish to last for a long while! He glanced at the wreck and shuddered.
Has everyone finished eating? Can we leave?
Mintar nodded and raised his hand in a signal that told Arcos to call the carpin. A sharp whistle brought Gypsy bounding out of the kelp. Arcos and the carpin reached Archer at the same time.
A messenger arrived while you slept, Arcos told him. The rest of our journey holds no danger. Chion expects Quintar to stop you.
While Archer didn't have to worry about Chion any more, the dragon in Coriana's lagoon remained a challenge.
Did the messenger tell you where to find the crystal trident?
No, Arcos replied. I've sent Mino’s birds to look for it. We should know its location by the time we reach Coriana.
Arcos returned to the others and Gypsy brushed against his side. Archer patted the carpin on the nose, mounted and signaled Mintar to head out. Mintar led them into the rising sun and Archer retreated to his thoughts.
We've reached Coriana's outer boundary, Mintar announced.
Archer looked up in surprise. We can't be at Coriana. We just left the wreck.
You’ve been solving problems and haven't been with us for a while, Mintar told him.
Eager to see the island, Archer urged Gypsy to the surface. But when Gypsy brought him out of the water, he found a rock barrier in front of him.
“Where’s the island?”
Orcan surfaced beside him and waved him to follow. “Come with me and I’ll show you.”
Archer dismounted, followed Orcan beneath the waves and stopped beside him on the sea floor.
Why are you pointing at that gap between the rocks? I can’t see an island from here.
I didn't bring you here to show you the island, Orcan told him. This is the doorway to Coriana. You have to cross the lagoon to reach the island.
Archer peered through the gap. A deep trench, its walls covered with moss-covered rocks, cut through a coral forest on its way to shallow water.
I need to see the island, Archer insisted. I can't see the best way to get there from here.
You can see the island from the rocks, Orcan told him.
Archer and Orcan headed for the surface and when their heads popped out of the water, the incoming tide pushed them onto the island's outer barrier.
“There's a place to sit at the top of the wall,” Orcan told him. “If you need anything, the guard and I will stay until you reach the island.”
Orcan dove and Archer climbed out of the water, grabbed the best handhold he could find and discovered the rocks had more than a few sharp edges. Every move threatened injury as he inched his way to the flat rock Orcan mentioned. He found the perch and sat down. Before he could scan his surroundings, a splash made him glance back and he found Arcos climbing toward him.
“Why are you joining me?”
“To wait for a messenger,” Arcos told him. “The birds have probably found the crystal trident by now.”
Archer acknowledged Arcos’ words with a nod before he turned to study the island. The lagoon was larger and deeper than he expected and it was a long way to shore. He couldn't see much because the dense undergrowth beyond the beach blocked the island's interior from view. To Archer's left, a white stone cliff rose above the beach and hundreds of birds nested on its face. Dozens more soared through the sky and filled the air with raucous cries.
Archer immediately realized he couldn't swim to the beach because he couldn't beat a dragon in a race. He had to find a way to distract Quintar that would let him reach shore before the dragon knew he was in the water. The trench looked deep enough to give him cover most of the way to the beach. But after he reached shore, he'd have to find a path inland.
I'll solve that problem after I get there, he sighed.
Behind the jungle, a puff of smoke rose into the cloudless sky. Archer caught his breath and exclaimed, “A live volcano! I hope it's not about to erupt!”
“The mountain always smokes,” Arcos told him. “You don't have to worry about it.”
“Where's Quintar?”
Arcos pointed across the lagoon at a hole in the cliff face. “Quintar's lair is in that cave.”
“Why did Mintar bring me to this side of the island? Why do I have to go by Quintar anyway?”
“You can't get to the interior of the island from the other side because it rises high above the water,” Arcos replied. “It's a difficult and dangerous climb for an air breather.”
“I need to talk to Orcan. You wait for your messenger. I'm going back.”
While Archer scrambled down the rocks, he mumbled aloud, “Quintar's lair is too close for me to try to cross the lagoon unless I can distract him. Maybe Doro and Pindar can help with that.”
When Archer got within a few feet of the water, he rose to his feet and dove. He swam to Orcan and told him, I need to distract Quintar if he comes after me while I'm in the water. Can Doro and Pindar put another dragon in the lagoon?
What you suggest is within their power, Orcan replied. But your plan is dangerous. Quintar will battle an intruder to the death.
I didn't see him, Archer replied. I need another dragon to keep him busy until I get to the beach. If Doro and Pindar can do that, I’ll take them with me.
When Quintar attacks their dragon, the battle will churn the water and you'll find it difficult to swim, Orcan warned.
The trench is deep enough to give us some protection. After Quintar attacks the imaginary dragon, Doro and Pindar can come back to you. Is this possible?
Let me ask.
Orcan’s hand signal brought Doro and Pindar to his side and he told them Archer's plan.
We can do that, Doro said.
We can make a dragon larger than Quintar if you like, Pindar added.
It needs to be large enough to get Quintar's attention, Archer replied before he addressed Orcan. How will I tell you when I find the crystal trident?
We'll know, Orcan assured him.
Before Archer could ask what he meant, a splash made him turn. Arcos swam toward him and his smile could mean only one thing.
The birds found the crystal trident, Arcos called.
Where is it?
The air breathers' leader has it in a village at the center of the island.
Natives live here? Why didn’t someone tell me?
There's no danger from those who make Coriana their home, said Orcan. The force field shield will keep you safe.
What do you know about these people?
Only tales from the past, Mintar replied. Curious about the stories I'd heard about Quintar, I came to Coriana to see the largest dragon in our world. When I climbed to the top of the rocks, I saw air breathers on the shore. After I returned to Balycon, I asked Pacion about them and he searched their history in the crystal ball. He told me their king banished them to Coriana because the dragons in the lagoon wouldn't let them leave.
Other dragons live here?
You don't have to worry, Mintar responded. Quintar chased the other dragons away long ago. He rules the lagoon and the Sea of Coriana.
With concern in his eyes, Archer looked at Orcan. He didn't see a pirate ship from the rocks but worried one might be anchored farther out to sea. And he hoped Mintar was right and he didn't have to worry about the natives.
Why do I keep creating obstacles in my head? I have to stop thinking about everything except how to get past Quintar!
Archer looked at Orcan. Can I place a force field around Doro and Pindar?
Banto will answer that question, Orcan replied.
You can do that but it isn't a good idea, Banto told him.
Why not?
You're the only one who can remove it.
That won't work because I'm not coming back, Archer replied with a shake of his head.
Tell me what you need and I'll help, Banto told him.
I'm taking Doro and Pindar with me and they need protection, Archer told him. Will you give them body armor?
Instead of answering Archer's question, Banto nodded and closed his eyes. After a moment, he opened his eyes and said, Their armor is in place. They’re protected.
Now it’s my turn.
Archer closed his eyes and pictured a wall of light surrounding his body. After it clicked into place, he opened his eyes and looked at Banto.
You told me you could see it. Did I do it right?
You did just fine, Banto assured him.
Archer looked at the sea turtle shell he'd carried all this way. He started to put it down but before he released it, he changed his mind.
I brought it this far. Whether I need it or not, I can't dishonor Mino and leave it now.
Archer looked at each member of the guard and smiled at the encouragement he found in their eyes. He gave Mintar and Orcan a nod, turned and swam through the gap in the rock. His hand signal told Doro and Pindar to follow.
Safe journey, Orcan called.
Archer didn't answer or look back. He signaled a dive and Doro and Pindar stayed close when he headed toward the trench. Before they reached its rim, a rumble vibrated through the water.
Quintar knows we're here! Archer said and increased his speed. Before dropping into the trench, Archer stopped to scan the lagoon.
I don't see him.
Doro pointed to the left. I see him. He's coming out of his lair.
Archer's eyes widened in horror. He’d seen everyone’s picture of Quintar but they didn't prepare him for the dragon that just joined them in Coriana's lagoon.
He's as big as the great fish! We can't let him get close! Create a dragon behind him so he'll chase it away from us while you go back to the guard and I head for the beach.
Archer pointed. There! Place your dragon there!
After Doro placed a green dragon at the desired location, Pindar closed his eyes. Archer stared in awe when the imaginary dragon raised its head and swam through the water. It didn't look like an illusion for its scales glistened with every swing of it's head and it's yellow eyes sent darts of light through the water when they caught the sun's rays. Quintar spotted the intruder and his roar roiled the water.
Archer ducked below the rim of the trench. Get back to the others while Quintar's distracted!
We can't leave until Quintar is blinded by rage, Pindar replied.
You have to leave! It's too dangerous for you to stay!
Our dragon lasts only as long as we picture it in our minds, Doro told him.
Pindar explained, I'll lead Quintar on a chase and we can leave when he gets angry.
Archer panicked. He couldn't let Doro and Pindar stay in the lagoon while he swam to shore. Before he could decide what to do, Quintar approached the imaginary dragon and threw his massive body out of the water. Doro and Pindar's dragon dodged the attack, dove beneath Quintar and raced toward the cliff. Quintar chased after it, bellowing in rage.
We can go now, said Doro. Pindar will send Quintar on a chase and make our dragon disappear inside Quintar's lair. You should have time to reach the beach while Quintar's searching for it.
Quintar's battle with the imaginary dragon had churned up the sea and put everything on the floor of the lagoon in motion. Archer waved goodbye to Doro and Pindar and headed toward the bottom of the trench which didn't offer much protection from the roiling water.
Although Orcan warned him of the danger, Archer didn't expect the difficulty the rough water created. He had to grab every handhold in sight to keep from becoming entangled in flying debris that came at him from every direction. Crashing waves tore coral trees loose from the sea floor and hurled the jagged missiles against his body armor. A chunk of coral careened off his arm and the impact tore him loose from the rock he'd just grabbed.
The violent surf threw him sideways against a boulder before it slammed him against the sea floor. The impact knocked the breath from his lungs, but he managed to throw both arms around a rock and hang on. In the second it took to grab the rock, Archer discovered the body armor couldn't protect him from injury. Every muscle ached and a blow to his head left him disoriented. He had to get to shore before a piece of debris knocked him unconscious.
A brief calm gave Archer his chance. He released his handhold and headed for the beach. Before he knew what was happening, a wave surged behind him and carried him forward at a dizzying speed. It pushed him into the shallows and his body armor grated against the sand. Only a few feet from his destination, he didn’t know what to do next.
Without knowing Quintar's location, he couldn't stand up and run to shore. He couldn't stay in the water and fight the surf. He turned and looked at the wall encircling the lagoon and panicked at the sight of a wave rising up and racing toward him.
I've got to get out of the water!
Archer struggled to his feet but before he could run to safety, the wave scooped him up and carried him into the sky. Archer caught his breath when the wave dropped away and left him suspended him in midair.
“I hope this works!” he yelled and closed his eyes.
In the blackness beneath his lids, Archer pictured a safe arrival on the beach. Everything became quiet and still. He opened his eyes. He lay on the warm sand beneath a palm tree, a jagged palm frond covered the sand in front of him with shade. Archer rolled on his back, sat up and stared across the lagoon.
“I'm so stupid! I could have pictured my arrival on the beach from the wall! I put Doro and Pindar in danger because I didn't think of it. This is what Orcan meant when he told me Quintar wasn't a threat. I didn’t need to swim across the lagoon or take Doro and Pindar with me. All I had to do was picture a safe arrival on the beach!”
Quintar's roar shook the trees when he rose out of the water and lunged at a yellow dragon racing across the lagoon. Quintar's massive body hit the water and a massive wave rose up. Archer jumped to his feet!
“That's a different dragon! Doro and Pindar are safe! Yikes! I need to get out of here!”
Archer bounded across the sand and threw both arms around the first tree he came to. Before the wave hit the beach, he lowered his head and tightened his hold. The wave drenched Archer from head to foot but the tree took the brunt of the crushing force and kept the angry sea from pulling him loose. When the receding water pulled at his feet, Archer looked up. Quintar and the yellow dragon had disappeared. Before Archer could step away from the tree, Quintar raised his head out of the water, looked in every direction and sank beneath the waves.
“Looks like Quintar chased the yellow dragon out of his lagoon and he's going home,” Archer said with a sigh. “I'm on my own. I'll miss the Ichonauts and hope they get home okay.”
Archer faced the jungle and walked toward the undergrowth. He'd only gone a few steps when something in the undergrowth caught his eye.
“It's the sea turtle shell! One of those waves brought it to shore and jammed it into those trailing vines.”
Archer walked over and pulled it free.
“It’s come this far. I'll take it the rest of the way.”

Chapter Eleven
Prophetic Dream
Archer glanced across the lagoon one last time and spoke aloud. “The crystals I left in the Sea Dragon Caves will guide the guard to the other side. I hope they don't run into the scurapin.”
Archer released a sigh. “The Ichonauts are my friends but I can't worry about them.”
He scanned the dense undergrowth. Mino's birds had found the crystal trident in a native village at the center of the island. He had no idea how far away that might be because the view from the rocks didn't tell him the island's size.
“This isn't going to be easy,” he mumbled. “I can walk for days before I find a village and it might not be the right one.”
Archer looked for a path heading inland and when he didn't find one, he used the turtle shell to push the undergrowth aside and forced his way forward. A few feet from the beach he lost the breeze off the lagoon and the dead, moist air made him stop and catch his breath.
“It feels like I'm breathing water!”
Archer shook his head and continued forward until he found a small clearing surrounded by palm trees growing so close together they created a lush awning that hid the sky and blotted out the sun. Layered beneath the palms, several varieties of trees dangled unfamiliar fruit beyond his reach. He wiggled his toes in the warm leaves on the jungle floor and was surprised to feel their texture through his body armor.
Because Orcan had assured him the jungle held no threat, Archer walked with confidence and let the turtle shell clear the way. Coriana's birds kept up a constant chorus or trills and whistles that let him know he didn't travel alone and eased his loneliness.
He stopped and scanned the tree tops. “Maybe I can figure out what they're saying if I watch their pictures! I wish I'd asked Arcos to teach me how to talk to the birds and ask the way to the village.”
Excited at practicing a new skill, Archer closed his eyes and focused his thoughts on the whistles and trills. A white glow filled the blackness beneath his lids, but when a picture appeared in the light Archer opened his eyes and shook his head in disgust.
“That didn't work! The birds are talking about me! I wish I knew how to make these pictures work.”
Upset at his failure, Archer pushed leaves, twigs, roots and vines out of the way and found comfort in the click, click, click of the undergrowth hitting the turtle shell. The added beat to the bird songs hung in the wet, muggy air until a sharp whistle stopped Archer in his tracks.
"That wasn't a bird!"
Archer glanced back. The birds stopped singing and the hair on the back of his neck prickled. Something was out there. He thought it might be a wild animal until he realized animals don't whistle. A picture of the great fish flashed through his mind.
Why did I see a great fish? Did Arcos tell me to use the picture language to find out what's behind me?
Archer closed his eyes. When nothing appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, he opened them.
What am I doing wrong? Someone’s following me. Why can't I reach them with my thoughts?
He turned in a circle and peered through the foliage. Nothing moved.
“I can't see see anything through the undergrowth!” he muttered aloud.
Archer breathed deep, raised the turtle shell and pushed forward. A series of whistles broke the silence. Another picture of a great fish flashed through his mind.
Why do I keep seeing those stupid fish! They can't be following me!
When several frantic glances over his shoulder didn’t find his pursuer, Archer increased his speed.
“Pirates! I forgot about the pirates! Orcan told me to use my skills. I've already placed my body armor. That should keep me safe. I'm the fastest animals in the sea but that won't help because the only place I could go is Balycon and I don't want to go there. Maybe I should conjure something up and scare them away.”
Archer reached for the collar around his neck. The instant he touched its smooth surface, he stopped worrying. If a native spear came flying through the foliage or if he fell in a pit, his body armor would protect him.
Why am I acting like a baby when I don't need to be afraid?
He thought about Pacion and a picture of the crystal trident flashed through his mind and he spoke aloud. “Why did I see that? I bet Pacion just told me to ignore whatever's behind me and concentrate on the task at hand.”
Archer threw back his shoulders and with renewed confidence, continued through the undergrowth. The leaves and vines fell away beneath the turtle shell and he stepped into a clearing. He headed for a path leading into the jungle on the other side but when he followed it, he heard waves lapping against the shore.
That's the way to the beach! I'm walking in circles!
He turned, found a path heading the other direction and walked toward it. He'd almost reached it when a scream pierced the air. Archer dove for the trees. The leaves cushioned his fall and sent him skidding against a tree.
“That has to be the natives trying to scare me!”
Archer tried to scan the undergrowth but a dangling palm frond blocked his view. He pushed it aside. Nothing moved or made a sound. He imagined dozens of eyes peering at him from gaps in the foliage.
“I can't stay here! I have to find the village!”
Determined to ignore those who followed and find the crystal trident, Archer rose to his feet, and stood upright. He pushed forward until the undergrowth thinned and brought him to a well-worn path beneath the trees. A thump on the trail behind him made him break into a run. Bird songs filled the air. They stopped suddenly and the silence terrified him more than the knowledge someone was on the path behind him.
The path widened. No longer needing the turtle shell to force his way forward, Archer held it at his side. Low-lying branches made a whooshing sound when they brushed against it and announced his progress through the jungle. When Archer slowed to catch his breath, a twig snapped behind him. Archer spun and stared at an empty trail.
I probably can't outrun whatever's following me. I have to trust my skills to keep me safe.
Maybe the natives heard Quintar thrashing around or saw him chasing Doro and Pindar's dragons and had come to the beach to see what was going on.
Maybe they saw me on the shore and think I’m a God that rose from the sea! They must be afraid of me and are watching to see what I'm going to do.
That thought gave Archer the confidence he needed to ignore his pursuers and continue forward. A series of whistles echoed behind him but he didn't stop or look back. When the trail disappeared into the dense undergrowth, Archer stopped and shook his head.
How far have I gone? How far do I have to go?
He shoved the turtle shell at an overhanging limb and thought about Coriana's people. Had the people living on this remote island ever seen an outsider? Archer doubted it unless the pirates found a landing on the other side of the island because Quintar wouldn't let anyone cross the lagoon.
Within a few yards he left level ground and maintained a slower speed on a steep incline. A more few steps brought him to an opening in the foliage that let him see several thatched huts halfway up the slope.
It's a village! I hope it's the one I'm looking for!
Long strides took Archer out of the jungle and onto a well-worn path. Sunlight shone through the overhead canopy and warmed the leaves on the jungle floor. A whistle trilled behind him. Bird calls and monkey chatter hung in the air. Archer raised his eyes and saw three red parrots and several blue and yellow monkeys watching him.
He stopped a few paces outside the village to study the huts arranged in a circle around a large hut on stilts.
“The chief must live in the big hut.”
Archer entered the village, stopped and smiled at a child playing with a lizard in front of a thatched hut. A woman ran out of the hut, snatched up the child and stared at him with fear in her eyes. A sharp trill echoed behind him. Women and children dashed from the huts and huddled together. A second trill. Archer spun. Several natives, tattooed from head to toe with geometric designs and holding spears at their sides, stepped out of the jungle and onto the path behind him.
Archer gave them a long, hard look before he turned to walk through the village.
The natives had lined up outside their homes to watch him, some curious and some afraid. Apprehension and fear shone in everyone's eyes.
Maybe a gift will send someone to get the chief.
Archer approached an old woman and ignored the fear in her eyes. Her fear turned to curiosity when he reached in the air. But her eyes widened in terror when he plucked a banana from the sky. He held it out. Instead of taking it, she stepped back and bumped into the person behind her. Archer took her hand and placed the banana on her palm.
A small cry escaped her lips before she fell to the ground in a faint. The instant the banana hit the dirt, the villagers dropped to their knees and placed their foreheads on the ground.
That didn't work! Why won't someone call the chief? Maybe this isn't the right village and the crystal trident isn't here.
A motion on his left made Archer turn. A man, wearing a sea shell breastplate atop a woven grass skirt, emerged from the large hut, descended the bamboo ladder and walked toward him. In his right hand, he held a gold trident with a staff of seven faceted crystal globes that sparkled like diamonds in the sun.
I found it! I found the crystal trident!
The chief stopped in front of Archer and greeted him with a bow. Archer returned the bow. The chief met his eyes and stared at him without fear and Archer didn't know what to do next.
How can I ask the chief to give me what has to be his treasure? I know! I'll give him a gift and create something to trade!
Archer placed the turtle shell at his feet, closed his eyes, waved his hand and when he opened his eyes, the turtle shell had disappeared beneath a collection of knives, pottery, fish hooks and line. A visibly impressed chief stared at the bounty before he looked at Archer.
“There's more,” Archer told him and closed his eyes. When he opened them, a large bowl overflowing with fruits and flowers stood between them.
One more bit of magic should do it!
Archer reached into the air, pulled a miniature crystal trident from the sky and extended it toward the chief. A wide smile exposed the chief's broken front tooth. He handed the crystal trident to Archer and accepted the miniature in return. After the tridents exchanged hands, the chief backed away and knelt on the ground with his people.
The exchange of tridents completed Archer’s quest. With the entire village on the ground and unable to see what he was doing, Archer closed his eyes and concentrated on Pacion. When Pacion’s face appeared in the blackness beneath his lids, a familiar voice rang in his ear.
You may look up, Pacion told him. You’ve brought the crystal trident home.
Archer’s eyes snapped open and he looked at the trident in his right hand.
I did it! I really did it!
He glanced at Pacion and found Orcan and the guard behind him.
How did you guys get here?
Pacion followed our journey in the crystal ball, Orcan replied. After you reached the island, he brought us home.
Wow! How did you do that?
The crystal ball has many powers, Pacion told him with a smile.
Why didn't you bring me back?
Because you could bring yourself back.
Archer handed Pacion the crystal trident. This is awesome! It’s prettier than the image you showed me and really sparkles in the sun.
I watched your journey in the crystal ball, said Pacion. The air breathers on Coriana will long remember the golden-haired god who fought mighty Quintar and rose from the sea.
I'm glad I didn't have to fight him. But I couldn't have found the crystal trident without the guard’s help.
You’ve done well and will be rewarded for your bravery, Pacion told him.
Orcan held up a bulging sea bag. The guard thought you’d like these.
What’s in the bag?
The pearls from Acura’s sea.
I wanted them for Myra’s garden. Will you give them to her?
I’ll make sure she gets them, Orcan replied. She’ll be pleased with your gift.
I brought Manto home too, Pacion said. He’s waiting to take you to the Pearl Grotto. There's one more thing you have to do.
What's that?
At the new day's sun Orcan will take you to the council. Be prepared to tell them what you want as a gift for completing the task they gave you.
Archer nodded, dazed with happiness at the success of the quest and the reunion with his friends. What more could he want? He waved at Pacion and headed for the tunnel. While he swam through the passage, he remembered the crystals he'd placed in the Sea Dragon Caves. Never again would anyone find it difficult to get to Coriana.
He exited the tunnel and found Manto waiting. Boy am I glad to see you!
He hurried to the carpin, grabbed a handful of mane and threw his right leg over his back. Manto lunged and headed up the side of the cliff.
Archer didn’t know where Manto was going and he didn't care. After a long and difficult journey, he’d found the crystal trident and made it safely back to Balycon. It wasn't until Manto reached the entrance to the Pearl Grotto that he remembered Pacion's parting words.
What do I want? What am I going to tell the council?
Archer grinned. There was only one answer to that question. He wanted the council to tell him who he was and where he came from. Could they do that? He dismounted, swam into the tunnel and surfaced near the flat rock. He pulled himself out of the water, happy to be alone with his thoughts.
Archer sprawled on his stomach and stared at the water. A crab scuttled across the pearls and a fish peaked out from a crack in the rock beneath him. He placed his arm beneath his head and when his watchband cut into his cheek, he removed it from his wrist and read the inscription.
I know I'm fourteen and have parents somewhere. I wish I could remember.
Archer closed his eyes, tried to project his mind into the past and found only blackness. An instant before he opened his eyes, a picture of a red and white sailboat flashed through his mind. Overcome with sadness at the sight, he sighed.
What did that mean? Maybe I can't remember who I am because something bad happened and I don't want to remember.
Archer sat up and looked at the pearl fish on the wall of the grotto.
I'm not going to think about it and let it make me sad! I'm going to get something to eat and decide tomorrow what to tell the council. If they can tell me who I am, I’m not sure I want to leave and give up my new skills.
Archer dove from the rock, swam to the wall, and collected a hand full of pearl fish. He returned to the rock, tossed them on the flat surface and swam back to get more. After two more trips, he'd collected enough to eat his fill and lifted himself out of the water. After opening six of the pearl fish and giving the pearls a cursory inspection, he tossed the gems in the water. He opened the seventh pearl fish and sucked in his breath. A sky-blue pearl the size of a marble nestled in the gray meat.
“Wow!” he shouted.
He leaned over to examine the pearls on the grotto floor. Thousands of gems shimmered beneath the water’s surface but there weren't any blue ones.
“This is special!” he marveled.
He placed the pearl in a depression in the rock and stared at it while he cut the meat into pieces. He ate his meal without once taking his eyes off the blue pearl. He finished his meal, picked up the gem and rolled it between his fingers.
“Why did I find this now? What can it mean?”
When the sun dropped beneath the horizon and turned the bottom of the clouds pink, Archer added the blue pearl to the others in the depression in the rock.
It's getting late. I'd better get some rest. I'll tell the council I want to know who I am, but I don't want to leave. I wish things weren't so complicated.
After one more glance at the pearl, Archer slid in the water and snuggled into a pile of fresh kelp leaves. The stars came out, blanketed the sky and three bright stars formed a straight line directly overhead. The stars around the three bright ones suggested an outline of a man wearing a star-studded belt.
Why do I keep seeing the star man? Why does he look familiar?
Archer felt a kinship with the stars and wondered if they could help him remember his past. If only he could remember. The night sky lulled him to sleep and he sailed among the stars until a man and woman waved at him from a red and white sailboat and startled him awake.
Who are those people? Is that Mom and Dad? Where are they?
Wide awake, Archer left his bed, pulled himself onto the rock and studied the sky. The stars twinkled as before, but now hinted at his life above the sea. He jumped at Pacion's voice in his ear.
Return to your dreams and find the answers to your questions.
Will I find Mom and Dad? Will I find out who I am?
Your dreams can tell you what you seek.
Archer waited for more, but Pacion had gone. He looked at the stars, shook his head and returned to the water. The council might not be able to grant his wish but he knew what he wanted more than anything in the world. Even if he had to give up his skills and leave his new friends, he wanted to know his identity and where he came from.
Maybe Pacion’s right. Maybe my dreams can help.
Archer snuggled in the kelp and stared at the night sky. Would the sailboat come back? As if beckoned by his thoughts, a red and white sailboat sailed among the stars, but unlike before, it carried no passengers. What happened to the man and woman?
The morning sun shining through the water brought Archer awake. He lay quietly and tried to capture the images in his dreams. A cottage near the beach with the red and white trimaran tied to the dock looked familiar. But when he saw the picture of the church and the people leaving a memorial service for his parents everything came back in a rush.
Dad taught me how to sail and navigate by the stars! Mom and Dad are gone, lost in a plane crash at sea. I ran away from home after they disappeared because I didn't want to live with Aunt Lily and Uncle Jim.
While sobs wracked Archer's body, he remembered his dad's favorite poem. He took a deep breath, looked through the clear water at the morning sky and recited it aloud.
"The inky sea prepares a mood.
I'm wrapped in peace, in solitude.
Over the arena in the deep
Where weary watch and hunters sleep
To stalk at dawn.
I sail calmly on.
This flying carpet on the sea
Is taking me inside of me
Where fallow dreams have lain.
And, lo. I want to sail this sea again.
I want to hear the silence on the wind
As I make my way to zero longitude.
Let time stand still upon the sea
To comfort me
In solitude."
For some reason, he found the words calming even though they reminded him of a life he'd lost forever.
No wonder I didn't want to remember! I've got to stop thinking about it.
Archer rose from his bed and gathered a meal from the rocks. He opened the pearl fish, secretly hoping to find another blue pearl. He finally knew his identity and where he lived. He stared at the blue pearl and it told him not to look back.
“Now that I know I have no home to go to, I know what to tell the council. I can't wait to get there!”
When Orcan's head popped up beside the rock, Archer was ready to go. With the blue pearl clutched in his hand, he dove from the rock and followed Orcan out of the grotto. Manto waited at the tunnel entrance and after Archer mounted, he and Orcan traveled in silence, comfortable in each other's company. They passed a coral garden and Boja swam out from behind a coral tree to swim at Archer's side.
Boja! You remembered me!
Ichonauts, mermaids and air breathers emerged from their homes. By the time they reached the entrance to the Council Chambers, everyone in Balycon followed them. Orcan's hand signal told Archer to dismount and, in no time at all, Archer was in front of the council.
You've done well, Skoro told him. You completed a difficult journey and returned the crystal trident to its rightful place. The members of the council thank you.
We know about your bravery and quick thinking through the hazards of your journey, Koros remarked. You're a gifted air breather and Balycon needs your skills. You're invited to stay.
I offer a gift whether you leave or stay, Mino added. From this day forward, the turtles will come at your call. You've given them new respect among the animals of the sea.
We are in your debt, Tikra greeted. I’m preparing a ceremony so everyone can thank you.
You’ve earned a gift of your choice for the return of the crystal trident, Atra told him. Have you thought of something that will bring you pleasure?
I want to stay, Archer announced, confident in his decision. I want to stay and live in the white stone city.
You’re welcome to stay, Skoro replied. But the city is too dangerous. We can’t let you live there.
Can’t something be done about it?
If Pacion can help you find a way to make the city safe, we’ll reconsider your request.
I have a gift for the council. Archer placed the blue pearl in Skoro’s hand. I found this while fixing something to eat. I want you to have it.
Skoro stared at the pearl. Your gift is more valuable than ours. I’ve seen the blue pearl only once before. It will hold a place of honor here.
Orcan led Archer back to the open sea where Manto and Boja waited. Archer mounted, waved good-bye to Orcan and told the carpin to take him to Pacion. Boja stayed at his side while Manto carried him to the Rainbow Cave.
Archer thought about his arrival in Balycon and how everyone had welcomed him back from Coriana. Less than a week had passed since Orcan and Myra saved his life and it seemed like a lifetime. He not only understood why he kept seeing the red and white sailboat, he'd found the reason for his attraction to the stars.
A killer wave brought him to a place where he found friendship and adventure. Did the collar bring the dreams that told him he couldn't go home? Did it help him decide what to ask for as a reward? When Manto dove over the cliff and headed toward the Rainbow Cave, Boja turned away and swam toward a coral garden.
Goodbye, Boja, he called, amazed that he'd made friends with a snake. I’m glad I don’t have to leave.
Manto stopped at the circle of sparkling crystals at the entrance to Pacion's home and Archer dismounted. He watched Manto race up the cliff before he turned and entered the tunnel. The swirling ribbons of light reminded him of his first visit but instead of the dizziness, they brought a feeling of peace and belonging.
Welcome, Pacion greeted when Archer joined him at the crystal ball. Koros told you about your special abilities. But Koros doesn't know the depth of your skills. I watched you conquer every challenge and felt your emotions during your struggle to learn your powers.
It was scary, Archer admitted. I wish Orcan had helped me more.
I asked Orcan to let you develop your skills as you needed them, Pacion reminded him.
I put Doro and Pindar in danger when I could have pictured myself on the beach, he said. Why didn’t you help me?
I helped you find a way through the Sea Dragon Caves.
Archer smiled and nodded. Yes, you did. I never would have thought of putting crystals on the walls.
It’s a common way to bring light into dark places. Now I’m going to tell you something that might surprise you.
Archer had experienced so many surprises in the past few days that Pacion's words didn’t even make him curious.
The Ichonauts and mermaids helped the survivors when Lemandia sank beneath the waves. Many air breathers that live in Balycon originally lived in the land city.
Pacion's words made Archer remember a question he wanted to ask while he and the guard gathered food outside the white stone city.
Are you from Lemandia?
You guessed my homeland, Pacion replied.
But that’s not possible!
When I took you to Lemandia, I took us to a memory. That's why you saw me as a young man.
Not sure he understood, Archer remarked, When you took me to the land city, I found it amazing that we could travel into the past. I didn't know you actually lived there. You must be over a hundred years old.
Pacion smiled and replied, You understand correctly. I’m not the only survivor of that tragedy that happened hundreds of years ago. The members of the council are Lemandia’s surviving priests and priestesses. I didn't know how to tell you this but your exceptional skills make me believe the Lemandians may be your ancestors.
Did you just tell me that the air breathers in Balycon are immortals?
Before Pacion could reply, Archer asked, How can the Lemandians be my ancestors?
Before they lost their home, many of them settled distant lands. It’s possible some of them found their way into the world of your childhood.
But Orcan told me the collar gave me my skills. Besides, I can’t be immortal. I would have known that by now!
You were born in the world of the mortals but that might change if you stay here. Orcan didn't tell you that it takes time to learn your skills. You amazed the guard by not relying on them to protect you and surpassed them with your quick thinking and unusual approach to the dangers you found.
Pacion's words let Archer understand why the guard let him make mistakes. Even though Orcan told him they learned from him, Pacion just confirmed that every problem they encountered had been a test of his ability to develop his skills.
The council invited you to stay, said Pacion. I heard you tell them you want to make your home here. I've been searching for an air breather who could learn the secrets of the crystal ball. Your accomplishments tell me that you may be the one I seek. I'd like to be your mentor.
I want to stay, Archer told him. You were right when you told me to find the answers in my dreams. Now that I've remembered my past, I can't go back. I like Manto and Boja and the Ichonauts are my friends.
Pacion smiled. Everyone is pleased with your decision. You’ve been offered a reward for helping us which is why Skoro sent you to me.
I want to live in the white stone city. Skoro said you could help me make it safe.
I'll help you all I can. But you have to stay in the Pearl Grotto until you succeed in your quest. Before we begin, you need to accept the fact that you may never be able to live there.
Archer shook his head. I don't want to do that so I'll find a way to fix it. I want to explore the city, but Orcan told me that I can’t go by myself. What makes it so dangerous anyway?
The city lulls the unwary, Pacion warned. Many have died because they didn't heed my warnings.
What are you trying to tell me?
There’s an aura in the city that leaves its victims helpless.
Archer didn't understand but the concerned look in Pacion’s eyes confirmed the danger. After he got back to the Pearl Grotto, he'd think about this new challenge and made himself a promise. No matter what anyone said, he’d find a way to get rid of the danger and move into the white stone city. Didn’t Orcan tell him he had the skills to do anything?
The End

If you liked this book, please leave a review at your favorite ebook retailer. Thank you.
For more information on the Archer Adventures, please visit the author’s website:
www.thearcheradventures.com

Preview of

A Perilous Quest
An Archer Adventure
Book II

Katharine Giles

Chapter One
Dragon Attack
Archer opened his eyes to a squint, decided he didn’t want to get up, closed them again and rolled on his side. He snuggled in the kelp and tried to go back to sleep. A fish nibbled his nose.
Leave me alone!
Something hard pressed against his cheek. His eyes flew open and he almost bolted to the surface when he saw two black button eyes staring at him until Boja wiggled his long body across Archer's kelp blanket and placed his head on Archer’s cheek.
Boja! You scared me to death!
Archer gave the feather snake a pat and told him, You’re heavy when you plop on top of me like that. Are you hungry? What time is it anyway?
Archer raised his arm, looked at his watch and pressed the button beside the dial. Before the window lit up, Boja moved his head to Archer's shoulder.
Okay. Okay. I’m getting up. Just let me see what day it is.
Archer pressed the button again.
It’s April 19. I’ve been here six days and it seems like forever.
Archer removed the watch from his wrist and turned it over. Tears welled up in his eyes when he read, “To Archer on his 14th birthday, Love Mom and Dad”.
Boja nudged Archer's arm and a picture of a pearl fish flashed through his mind.
Okay. Okay. I know you’re hungry. I’m hungry too. Let’s get something to eat. How did you get here anyway? Zondo isn’t supposed to let anyone in the grotto. That big black eel looks mean but he's not much of a guardian.
Archer pushed his kelp blanket aside and headed for the surface with Boja at his side. He approached the grotto wall and after he harvested a handful of pearl fish, Boja shoved his nose against his arm so hard that he almost dropped them. Startled by the snake's impatience, Archer shoved a pearl fish in Boja’s face. Boja grabbed it and Archer headed for the surface.
“You’re funny,” Archer said when his head popped out of the water. “Sometimes you act like a puppy. That's why I'm not afraid of you.”
With his hands full of pearl fish and Boja at his side, Archer kick stroked his way to the flat rock in the middle of the pool. “I know this isn't enough for both of us. I’ll put these on the rock and get some more.”
Archer raised himself out of the water and gave the pearl fish a toss. Before they clattered to a stop, Boja poked his pearl fish in Archer’s face. He took it and put it on the rock with the others. Archer headed toward the wall, missed Boja and glanced back. Instead of following him, Boja had slid onto the rock and coiled around the shells.
“Are you afraid someone will take your food?” Archer asked, with a shake of his head. “Well you stay and guard the pearl fish while I get more.”
Archer made two more trips before he climbed out of the water and joined Boja on the rock. “This should be enough. They’d sure taste good wrapped in pona leaves but you don’t like pona leaves and I can eat pearl fish without them.”
Archer almost changed his mind when he remembered the sugary sweetness that flowed over his tongue the first time he ate a pona leaf. Orcan and Myra taught him to wrap the pearl fish in the honey-sweet pona leaves to make them taste better. After he got used to the taste of the raw meat, it had a sweetness all its own and now he liked pearl fish right out of the shell.
He grabbed a pearl fish, pulled his knife from the scabbard on his forearm and cut through the hinge muscle. Before he could open it, Boja nudged the shell with his nose.
“Not yet, Boja,” Archer said and jerked it away. “Just wait a minute. I have to take it out of the shell so you don't choke on the pearl.”
Archer popped the shell open, removed the pearl and tossed it in the pool where it joined hundreds of others on the grotto floor. Boja nudged the shell with his nose. Archer shook his head at Boja's persistence, pulled the meat from the shell, cut it in half and held a piece in front of the snake.
“This is yours.”
Boja took it from his fingers and gulped it down. Archer raised the other half toward his mouth and Boja raised up to grab it.
“This is mine,” Archer told him. “You have to wait.”
Boja backed off and Archer took a moment to get his first good look at the feather snake out of the water. The red scales on his long body sparkled like rubies in the morning sun and the frilly dorsal fin on his back flopped from side to side with every move and shone like red silk.
“Boy are you red!” Archer exclaimed. “I've never seen a red snake before and you have the weirdest eyes! Those little black buttons make you look like a stuffed animal.”
Archer remembered his first day in Balycon when Boja followed him around like a stray kitten. He'd been terrified of of the snake and asked Orcan why Boja kept bothering him. Orcan told him it was because he had blonde hair like Atra, the council member who trained feather snakes.
“You're a nuisance but I like you,” Archer remarked. “You keep me company and are one of the reasons I can't decide what to do.”
Archer stroked Boja's head and fought back a tear.
“Sometimes I think you’re the only one who likes me.”
Boja nudged Archer's hand and Archer patted him on the head.
“It hurts to think about my friends and the home I left behind in California,” Archer told him. “I miss Nick and Nate and wish I'd said goodbye before I ran away. Aunt Lily and Uncle Jim are super nice but I don’t want to move away from the ocean. I don't even know where the Mojave Desert is.”
Memories of his friendship with the Johnson twins made him miss the games they played on the beach below his house after school. With their blonde hair and slim builds, they could easily pass for triplets from a distance. They loved adventuring and pretended to be the Three Musketeers one day and pirates searching for buried treasure the next.
“I sure don't miss Jimmy Thompson. He's a bully and my worst enemy in the whole world.”
Just thinking about Jimmy Thompson reminded Archer how always teased him about his violet eyes.
“He called me a Purple People Eater! I never want to see Jimmy again!”
Boja poked Archer's arm with his nose.
“You're pretty smart for a snake. You act like you understand everything I say. Some of the kids at school had pet snakes but I didn't want one because they scared me too much.”
Archer opened the remaining shells, shared the meat with Boja and tossed the pearls in the water. The shimmering carpet of pearls on the grotto floor made him think of the white stone city on the other side of the tableland. The more he thought about the empty city, the more he wanted to live there.
“Why can’t I forget that place? I’ve been there once and can’t wait to go back. If Nick and Nate were here, we could explore the buildings and look for treasure. Maybe that’s what I’ll do today.”
Archer absentmindedly fed Boja another piece of meat.
“The Pearl Grotto’s okay but I’d rather live in a house. Pacion told me no one lives in the white stone city because of a dangerous crystal ball. How can a crystal ball be dangerous?”
Archer closed his eyes. A picture of the city filled with white stone buildings moved forward in the blackness beneath his lids. Tiled pathways formed its streets and life-size statues in long robes lined the walks. The empty city sprawled across the sea floor like a mirage, void of all life except for the fish scavenging for food in the gardens.
Archer opened his eyes, looked at Boja and said, “The council told me I can live in the white stone city if I can make it safe. I want all the air breathers in Balycon to live there with me. They shouldn’t live in caves beneath the coral gardens like mermaids and Ichonauts.”
Archer couldn't make up his mind. Should he go home or try to remove the danger in the white stone city? Maybe he should stay long enough to find out what he had to do to make the city safe. If all he had to do was get rid of a crystal ball, maybe he could take it out of the city and lose it. That should take care of the problem.
Boja cocked his head and stared at him. Archer shook his head when realized he’d spent half his morning talking to a snake.
“I've never met a trained snake before and that makes you special,” Archer told him. “Now that I think about it, training a snake must be a lot easier than training a dragon like the one Koros swims around with.”
Boja nudged his arm. Archer reached up and touched the collar Myra placed around his neck when she rescued him from the coral garden.
“I love this collar. It lets me talk to you with pictures and when you send me pictures of pearl fish, I know you’re hungry. You must be full because you quit sending pictures.”
Boja cocked his head and Archer patted him on the nose.
“The Ichonauts taught me how the collar lets me create things by picturing them in my mind. That’s another reason I don't want to leave. How can I give that up? Which reminds me, why am I sitting here eating pearl fish when I can conjure up hamburgers and French fries and milkshakes and anything else I want?”
When Archer realized he was talking to himself, he studied the jagged lava rock surrounding the salt-water pool. How many air breathers had lived here before him and pulled their food from the rocks? There must be worse places to live. Now that he thought about it, the Pearl Grotto was kind of a neat place to live.
“I wonder if there used to be an island here. Maybe it sank when a volcano blew its top and dropped its cone into the sea. I live in a landmark in a kingdom that has no land. Since it's in the ocean, maybe it's a sea mark. That's a silly thought!”
Archer wiped his knife on his trunks and returned it to his scabbard. He tossed the empty shells in the water and rinsed off the rock. Before he got up, he leaned over, looked at the floor of the pool and found several crabs fighting over the remains of a dead fish.
But when he looked at the water's surface, he blinked at the image of the young man with tousled blonde hair and violet eyes that stared back at him. The fabric of his two-piece white swimsuit sparkled in the morning sun and accented his bronzed skin and toned body.
“That can't be me! I didn't look like this in my mirror at home!”
Archer flexed his arms.
“When did I get muscles? Must be all that swimming I've been doing.”
Archer looked at Boja and told him, “This is ridiculous! No one can change this much in six days and 14-year old kids don't have muscles! As soon as I see Pacion, I'll ask him what's happening to me. That can wait. I'm going to call Manto and go exploring. You can come with me if you want.”
Archer rose to his feet, closed his eyes and filled the blackness beneath his lids with Manto's image.
Manto. Come to the Pearl Grotto.
Before Archer could dive, Boja uncoiled and slid into the pool. Archer followed the feather snake to the tunnel that led to the open sea and slowed.
The last time I came this way Zondo charged out of his den, pinned me against the rocks and shoved a mouthful of teeth in my face. How did Boja get past him? He’s not supposed to let anyone in the Pearl Grotto but me and the Ichonauts.
Nothing moved in the narrow space and Archer hurried after Boja. He reached the open sea, exited the tunnel, caught a flash of white over his left shoulder and saw Manto bounding toward him. The carpin's white skin glistened beneath the morning sun and his white mane flowed behind him while he raced through the sea. With the head of a horse, webbed front feet and tail of a dolphin, Manto reminded Archer of a creature out of someone’s imagination.
I can tell Manto's excited! He's ready for an adventure too!
Manto reached Archer's side, nudged his arm and Archer stroked his velvet nose. I'm glad to see you too. Did you eat this morning?
A picture of a kelp garden flashed through Archer’s mind.
Wow! You understood what I said! But I don't know what you told me. Boja sends pictures of his favorite food when he’s hungry. I bet you do the same. I’ll get you something to eat.
Archer closed his eyes and pictured a few kelp leaves near Manto's head. When the image appeared in his mind's eye, he looked up and found Manto grazing. Before he could materialize more kelp for the carpin, a picture of a pearl fish flashed through his mind.
He looked at Boja and scolded, Manto doesn’t eat pearl fish! I just fed you! You can't be hungry!
Boja coiled his long body on the sand, tilted his head and stared at Archer with his black button eyes.
Man, you’re a beggar. All right. I’ll get you a pearl fish.
Boja nudged Archer’s arm with his nose. Archer closed his eyes and materialized several pearl fish. Boja patiently waited while he opened them, dropped the pearls in the sand and put the meat on a rock. Archer dangled a piece in front of Boja but instead of gulping it down, the feather snake backed away and shook his head.
This is yours, Archer told him. I’m not hungry.
Boja swam close and plucked the food from his fingers. Archer threw a leg over Manto's back and told the snake, You stay here and eat your pearl fish. I’m going to the white stone city and do some treasure hunting.
Archer pressed his knees into Manto’s sides, leaned forward and threw his arms around the carpin’s neck. He closed his eyes and sent Manto a picture of the white stone city on the sea floor. Manto grabbed the water with his webbed front feet and thrust his tail downward. Archer expected the lunge and gulped a breath of air when Manto flew out of the water. But when Manto came down, the impact whipped Archer's legs free and almost threw him into a coral tree. Archer had to stop the carpin's headlong flight with a picture of an obstacle in their path before he could regain his seat.
Man, I wish you weren’t always in such a hurry. One of these days, I’m going to end up wrapped around something. I’m glad Arcos taught me how to stop you. I’ve had to do that a lot lately because you're always chasing fish.
Firmly seated on the carpin's back, Archer let Manto race through the sea and let his body echo the rhythm of Manto's flight. He had leaned against Manto’s neck to watch the sea floor, when something brushed against his leg. He looked up and found Boja swimming beside him.
I’m glad you decided to come with me. You, me and Manto are a great threesome, an animal version of the Three Musketeers.
Manto took Archer over a carpet of ruffled sea grass where shadows danced through a blue flower garden nestled in a clump of sea fans. Purple and white fish ducked in and out of foliage so full of holes that it reminded Archer of his Mom's favorite lace tablecloth. A school of fish darted in front of Manto and Archer expected the carpin to dodge right and braced for the move. Instead, Manto flipped his tail down and lunged. The fish scattered. A wall of water hit Archer in the face and would have toppled him into the sea but for his firm grip on Manto's mane.
I wish you wouldn’t do that! You don’t need to chase the fish!
Boja raced ahead and cut across Manto’s path. The move caught Manto by surprise and he collided with the feather snake. Boja lay draped around Manto’s body with his head on one side and his tail on the other until Manto slowed to let him wriggle free.
Will you two stop it? I have enough trouble staying on without the games!
They left the gardens behind and Manto raced across a sandbar and entered a kelp garden. The spinning leaves pummeled Archer's body and he muttered, This must be what it feels like to go through a car wash.
The kelp thinned above a trench and Manto dove into the void.
We didn't travel over this trench when Orcan and the Ichonauts took me to the city. Manto must know a shortcut.
Curiosity made Archer sit up to see where they were going an instant before Manto changed direction and lunged toward the surface. A surge of water hit Archer in the chest and threw him backwards into the sea. With nothing near to threaten injury, Archer closed his eyes, relaxed and drifted through the thinning kelp.
Something hard touched his leg. Archer opened his eyes and found Boja beside him. He looked for Manto but the carpin had disappeared and he'd drifted deep into the trench.
Where’s Manto gone? It isn’t like him to leave me. I’d better find him.
Archer headed for the shallows and had only gone a short distance when Pacion’s voice echoed in his ear.
Get out of the deep water! Get out of there now!
I’m okay, Archer told him. I didn’t get hurt when Manto threw me.
You’re in danger! Look down!
Archer stopped to peer into the darkness. Something's down there and heading my way. What is it? Whatever it is, it's big!
Archer hung in the water to watch the shadow approach. When the clouds moved away from the sun and let him see deep into the trench, Archer stared at his worst nightmare!
Oh, man! I’m in trouble!
The dragon's green scales sparkled in the sun and sent darts of green fire through the sea. With its short legs held tight against its body, it propelled itself with a beaver-like tail that took it through the water at an amazing speed. Every time the dragon tossed its head, its yellow eyes reflected rays of sunlight through the sea. When Archer saw the dragon's teeth behind its half open lips, he reached for his knife.
That's stupid! My knife won’t get me out of this mess! It’s great for opening pearl fish but it can't stop a dragon!
Archer shook the kelp loose that clung to his body and headed for the surface as fast as he could go. He knew he couldn't swim faster than the dragon but hoped it wouldn't follow him into shallow water.
Come on Boja! Let's get out of here! Archer glanced back. Boja! Where are you?
He caught a motion out of the corner of his eye when Boja emerged from the kelp and swam toward the dragon!
No, Boja! Come back!
Let him go and get out of there! Pacion warned.
I have to help Boja!
You can’t help him! Get away from there! Now!
I can't leave Boja!
Archer hung in the water and watched Boja and the dragon speed toward each other.
No, Boja! I don’t want to lose you too!
Boja dodged in and out of the kelp on his way to meet the dragon. His body turned from red to gray and Archer blinked. Boja moved into the kelp and when he reappeared, the red feather snake had turned bright blue and a halo of light followed him through the water.
What happened to Boja? Why is he blue?
Before Pacion could answer Archer's question, a jolt hit his body and threw him backwards. He tried to swim but his arms and legs refused to move. A vise clasped around his chest and made it difficult to breathe. Unable to move, Archer lay spread-eagled in the water and watched the drama unfold beneath him.
Boja sped through the water at the approaching dragon and when he got within a few feet, the dragon stopped swimming and jerked to the right. Its massive body convulsed and its legs spread away from its body. It hung in the water a few moments before it began to sink. While Boja swam circles around the dragon, the glow around his body dimmed and the void swallowed them up.
No, Boja! No!
Archer started sinking. He tried to swim to the surface and panicked anew when his paralyzed arms and legs refused to obey instructions from his mind. He drifted near the kelp garden, the waving leaves stopped his fall and enclosed his body like a shroud.
What’s wrong with me? Why can’t I move my arms and legs? How am I going to get to shallow water?
It was all Archer could do to hold back tears when he stopped thinking about his problem and realized he’d just lost his best friend.
Why am I worried about me when I've lost Boja! Why didn’t Pacion help me save him?

To learn more about the Archer Adventures, please visit the author's website:
www.thearcheradventures.com

About the Author
Katharine's parents taught her there's an adventure around every corner while they traveled America's highways. If they found nothing of interest on the Interstate, they hit the side roads. That's how she discovered getting lost could be an adventure.
She wrote the Archer Adventure Series to inspire young readers to explore their world with a joy for living and never turn down an opportunity to chase their dreams in pursuit of new adventures. Her favorite stories growing up were The Seven Voyages of Sinbad from The Arabian Nights… which might have had something to do with the fact she was a willing student when she jumped out of her comfort zone and took flying lessons to experience the thrill of learning a new skill.
She learned to silversmith so she could design and create a line of custom jewelry for her jewelry business and had one of her greatest adventures of her life when she strapped on SCUBA gear and qualified as a PADI Certified Diver. Her fascination with rocks sent her back to school where she qualified for a Diamond Certificate from the Gemological Institute of America. Before leaving GIA, she completed their colored stone course. Her knowledge of gemstones provides a unique visual effect in her books.
Katharine accompanied her parents across Mexico by train through the Copper Canyon and visited Santa Catalina in the Channel Islands by boat, by seaplane and in a twin-engine plane that landed at the airport in the sky. She's been deep sea fishing over the Columbia River Bar, off the California coast at San Pedro and off the Mexican coast at Mazatlan.
Before Katharine moved to Louisiana, she learned to drive a big rig and became a solo long-haul driver. She spent 7-1/2 years crisscrossing America in her big truck, driving over 1 million miles through 48 states and 3 Canadian provinces. She's traveled from Vancouver, B.C., to Key West, Florida, and from Montreal, Canada, to Tijuana, Mexico, on every major Interstate in America and reveled in her experiences along the way.

