Children Of The Amulet
 Book 2 – Battle Of The Empire
By
 L.M. Quinpool

First published in Paperback in 2004 by Baico Publishing 
E-Published by Quinpool Books at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Laura Regan http://www.quinpool.ca 

Discover more Quinpool Books at http://www.smashwords.com 




Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

In other words help this author put these digital books into paperback too by purchasing it and encouraging your family and friends to purchase it rather than just lending it out and in return I'll try to keep the prices low and the books coming!
Thanks and Enjoy
LMQ




This book is Dedicated
To the “Children of the Amulet” of the world.
May The Power Be With You
And may you use it wisely!
Love
LMQ




Prologue
Earth's technology was taking over. We needed to find a new place to start again, without all the ongoing technological advances that plagued our former world. We called this new place Chrystalina. 
Before we left earth, my grandmother gave me one half of an Emerald Amulet which would prove to have great powers and which would come to be a symbol of safety in what was to happen.
Just after we settled on the planet, a small portion of our group decided that they could not live with the little technology that we had agreed to use. Eventually they left to find another place to settle. They called it Jerico.
Fearing that humankind's natural instinct to create and upgrade tools would take over Jerico as it had earth, we took what little technology we had and built a hidden and protected security system. In a vote I was chosen to be the model for a computer generated person who would help the future inhabitance in the event they would need this system.
Four centuries later, long after the last of my generation had died, eight children received the Amulet and its powers. It had been foretold that they would be sent on a dangerous quest, the purpose being to defend our planet against the return of the now vast Jerico Empire. This event uncovered many secrets long left untold. The children found the security system, and with cooperation and my help also found the missing half of the amulet which was owned by the twin teenaged heirs of the Jerico Empire. This discovery and consequent meeting of the Chrystalinian and Jerico children, resulted in an understanding of peaceful existence between our two planets and the unspoken alliance between the new and old . . .
Children Of The Amulet.
Chrystal Bradford 
Co-Founder of Chystalina




Chapter 1
Commander Jerold Jaimson stood in the doorway of a dark and lonely underground room. By the light of the hallway behind him he scanned the room. He smiled wickedly as his eyes reached the huddled figure in the corner. 
"Comfortable my dear?" he asked stepping further into the room so that the door could close. "Computer, Lights!" he commanded. The room was immediately flooded with light. "I have news you will definitely want to hear," Commander Jaimson said to the young fair-haired girl who sat in the corner of the room. 
The girl looked up at him, her blue eyes glinting with the traces of tears.
"Scared?" The Commander asked her. 
Stubbornly the girl shook her head and looked away.
"No? Well, no matter, I have news about your brother," he continued.
The girl looked up.
"I thought that might get your attention." he laughed. "It seems your brother has given up. He's left the planet, doesn't seem to even care about you."
"You’re wrong Commander," the girl said. "He would never give up."
"Oh really?" the Commander said. "Well, then where is he? What was so important that he left the planet where his own twin sister is in grave danger?"
The girl looked away again.
"Are you scared now?" The Commander asked.
The girl didn't move.
"Good," the Commander said, pleased, "You should be." He bent down, and forced her to look up. "You and your brother made a very big mistake double-crossing me. Let's hope he realizes that before it's too late."
The girl pulled away from him and glared, then once again looked at the floor.
"That's right my dear, control your temper," he said as he walked to the door. "Accidents are less likely to happen to good girls."
The girl sighed as the door shut behind him, and the buzz of the force field sounded outside once again. 
She had all the powers she needed at her disposal but all of them were useless while she was behind that force field. To make matters worse her brother was off on some unknown quest while she was stuck in this damp and smelly prison. She knew it had to be important for him to leave like this but while he was gone she was vulnerable to fear, doubt and despair, three feelings that Commander Jaimson was counting on. 
She was powerless without her brother and for that matter so was the Empire...
* * * * * *
Warning alarms echoed throughout the stone walls, and lights flashed in the private security centre below the surface of the planet Chrystalina. Inside the holographic recreation room, the images came to a stop as the young inhabitants of the secret lair, that held more computer technology than the rest of Chrystalina put together, dropped what they were doing.  
Though few of the population at large knew it these inhabitants were the defenders of Chrystalina, a birthright handed down from their ancestors, along with powers such as telepathy, telekinesis and invisibility, to accommodate for their young ages. It had been three years of peace since the warning alarms had last sounded, but the young defenders didn't hesitate to spring into action. The four oldest defenders 19-year-old Justin Bradford and 16-year-olds Mary Bradford, Jeremy Mackensie and Luke Williams, had more vivid memory of the last attack on the planet, but the four younger defenders, 13-year-old Jayson Mackensie, 9-year-old Amanda Bradford and 6-year-olds Emily Bradford and Leslie Williams didn't hesitate to follow the others into the main control room to find out what was happening.
On the main computer screen Chrystal Bradford, the holographic personality of Chrystalina's founder, was waiting to report.
"What's up?" Jeremy asked stepping up to the main control board.
"There is an incoming vessel entering Chrystalina's atmosphere." Chrystal replied. "It seems to be preparing for landing in the field." 
"Can we see it?" Justin asked.
The screen flashed to a picture of the field outside the secluded cave. As the children watched a small ship soared out of the sky and came to rest in the grass.
"I recognize that shuttle," Luke said. "It's one of Jerico's."
"Why don't I like that name?" Leslie asked nervously.
"The Jerico Empire tried to conquer our planet three years ago," Amanda replied. "Don't you remember that's how we found this place."
"Not really," Leslie said, "I was only three at the time." 
Just then a door opened in the shuttle. A fair haired boy of about 18 stepped out and looked around. His emerald green cape fluttered in the breeze.
"It's Andrew," Mary said, in surprise.
"Who?" Emily asked.
"Andrew Mackensie and his twin sister Andriana are now the rulers of the Jerico Empire," Jayson said.
"I wonder what he's doing here," Mary said.
Justin, who had his full powers, tried to probe the young Emperor's mind. The thoughts were jumbled and confused, but the feelings were clear.
"Something's wrong," Justin said.
"What?" Luke asked.
"I don't know," Justin said. "I'm going up there to find out." 
"Can you read anything more Mandy?" Mary asked as Justin disappeared up the staircase leading to the outside.
Amanda, who was at the telepathy power stage, closed her eyes and concentrated.
"His thoughts aren't clear," she reported, opening her eyes. "But there's one emotion that comes through clearly. Fear."
Emperor Andrew Mackensie looked around once more. He had no idea of where to find the others. He only knew he had to; his sister was counting on him. This was the last place he had seen them, so this was a good place to start.
He was about to go back into the shuttle and try to radio them when he saw Justin coming around the corner of the nearby mound of rocks.
"Never thought we'd see you again," Justin said as he approached.
"I never thought I'd be back either," Andrew admitted.
"Is this a social visit?" Justin asked.
"No," Andrew said. "I need your help. Andriana is missing."
"Justin's wondering whether or not to bring him down," Amanda reported as the others watched the meeting outside.
"Is that really a good idea?" Mary asked. "Personally I don't altogether trust him or his sister."
"You don't like Andriana because Justin is in love with her," Luke said. 
"I don‘t like either of them because they tried to take over our world," Mary returned. 
"He's an enemy anymore," Jayson put in, "and he‘s really scared." 
"Tell him to go ahead Mandy." Jeremy said.
Amanda nodded and focused her thoughts on Justin.
"What do you mean she's missing?" Justin asked.
"It's a long story," Andrew said.
"Maybe you'd better come inside with me," Justin said, having received Amanda's message. "The others will want to hear this."
"Where are we going?" Andrew asked as he followed Justin back to the cave.
The wall of rock slid open at that moment, and Justin lead the way down into the cave. 
"Welcome to our hide away," Luke said to Andrew as they entered the room.
Andrew nodded to each of the defenders in turn as Justin introduce them, but his gaze lingered on the tall dark haired girl who seemed to be trying to stay in the shadows. 
"Of course you remember the spit fire that is my sister Mary." Justin finished.
Mary didn’t reply or nod back but remained in her shadowy corner. Andrew could see, in her mind he was not welcome at all. He understood her discomfort. She had been the first of the Children of the Amulet to be captured by the Jerico troops during the invasion attempt. Andrew, in his attempt to impress his Grandfather, who was Jerico’s leader at the time, had tried to force her to betray her associates to essentially boost his career. He hadn’t understood the importance of the Children of the Amulet at that time, but he could see now that it didn’t matter if he understood or not. She still held a grudge against him for the invasion attack just because he was part of it. He hoped the others didn’t feel the same. 
"As I told Justin, this is not a social visit," Andrew began, pulling his gaze and his thoughts away from Mary. "I need your help. My sister has been kidnapped."
"By whom?" Jeremy asked.
"Former Admiral Gerald Jaimson," Andrew said.  "It all began when Admiral Jaimson was reprimanded for his actions after the death of the Governor. He was reduced in rank to Commander and, to put it lightly, he didn't take it very well."
"I wouldn't imagine he would," Mary said softly, as though she was fighting to sound mildly concerned. "He was very intent on becoming the next in command."
"It's true, and after the verdict of the Senate came out he promised to get even," Andrew said. "He was lucky; he was given special consideration for his past loyalty to my grandfather and spared a punishment that treason normally warrants. One year later he disappeared after attempting to appeal his case. He and a small band of followers, which included two officers of the Senate who had voiced their objections to his reprimand and to our reinstatement of power, many times. Needless to say his reaction prompted certain security precautions. We figured he and his followers might try to take over by force."
"Jaimson was too smart to disappear and then try a take-over right away," Justin said.
"Exactly," Andrew said. "Jaimson didn't resurface for another year. Then at about the beginning of last year, Andriana and I began to get anonymous messages warning us that our days as Emperor and Empress were numbered. So once again we toughened our security in case Jaimson tried anything. Obviously Jaimson has already anticipated our next move and infiltrated the palace before he began to send the notes. Then the notes stopped two months ago and a month later Andriana disappeared."
"And you suspect Jaimson of staging that disappearance," Jayson concluded.
"Yes," Andrew said. "I received a note just after Andriana disappeared saying if I ever want to see her again I'd better step down as Emperor."
"And hand over command to him, I suppose," Amanda said.
"That was the general idea, though he never came right out and said it," Andrew said.
"But why do you need our help?" Mary asked. "I mean, surely you and your security teams must have the power to find his hide-out."
"My security teams have been looking for Andriana for almost a month and haven't even found a clue to lead us anywhere," Andrew said. "I need more specialized help."
"What about your Amulet powers?" Chrystal asked. 
Andrew shook his head. He and Andriana had unknowingly received the Amulet’s powers through Jerico’s half of the Amulet, during the invasion, but it didn’t come without complications. 
"I have Jerico’s Amulet but both An and I have had trouble mastering the powers," he replied. "They’re difficult to control and weak."
"These children were initiated by their first year of age," Chrystal said, "you were sixteen and it could have caused complications. I suggest you continue to attempt using them and if possible take some pointers from your Chrystalina counterparts."
Andrew glanced at Mary who was watching him and frowning. The term counterpart in connection with him wasn’t a term she thought was acceptable to describe the "relationship".
"I've tried to reach Andriana," he said looking back at Chrystal, "but there's something blocking our mind link."
"She could be unconscious." Jayson said "Or she could be too far away."
"We've also found that a force field can limit the extent of the powers." Luke pointed out. "Is the mind control the only power you are having trouble with?"
"I haven't been able to properly use any of my powers since she disappeared." Andrew said "I feel like I did at the end of each of the power stages. It takes a great deal of effort even to lift a fazer with my mind."
"Your powers could be affected by distance as part of the complication I mentioned," Chrystal said. "As you master your powers properly those should disappear."
"What do you want us to do?" Justin asked.
"I want you to come back to Jerico with me," Andrew said "Maybe with our powers combined we may get somewhere."
"You want us to just pick up and go?" Mary asked, no longer speaking in hushed tones.
"Please I need your help," Andrew said. "My sister's life is at stake."
"I realize that but we do have duties of our own here," Mary said. "We have our own positions in Chrystalina's government. We could be leaving Chrystalina vulnerable."
"It's not an unreasonable request Mare," Luke said "They helped us when we were in trouble." 
"Luke's right. I vote we go," Jeremy said. "The government held together before we came on board."
"Come on Mare. We owe them one," Justin said. "Do it for your big brother."
Mary was silent for a moment as she studied the once menacing, now desperate young man before her. It wasn't that she didn’t understand Andrew’s need or that she disagreed that they might owe the twins a favour, since, in the end they had called back the invasion forces and it hadn‘t returned till now. 
She didn’t really feel overly necessary at the parliament where Chrystalina's government sat. She, Justin, Luke and Jeremy were more consultants to Chrystalina’s Prime Minister Ellard Miller and friends with his granddaughter Celeste, than government officials. He just liked to refer to them as part of his private council because he said they made him feel young and he was one of the few who knew their part in the fight for Chrystalina and thought it was important to be connected to this group of "amazing young people". 
Mary’s reluctance was more personal. She just hated leaving her parents again. They spent so long worrying about their children during the invasion. She could only imagine how they’d worry hearing they were leaving the planet to fight another inevitable battle.
Finally Mary sighed and nodded.
"Okay I'm in," she said reluctantly. "But I'm not telling Mom and Dad."




Chapter 2
"That is a problem," Emily said "Our parents may not be all that crazy about us leaving..."
"What do you mean us?" Mary asked. "You're staying here." 
"But Mary," Emily whined. "That's not fair! You guys got to participate last time."
"This is not a game." Jayson said "You two are too young to go." 
"You're not going either," Jeremy told his brother. 
"What?" Jayson exclaimed. 
"I want you to stay here and keep things running," Jeremy explained.
"I guess that mean I'm not going either," Amanda concluded.
"Mom and Dad may accept our leaving because we're older," Justin said "But I think it's pushing things to ask for all of us to go."
"Be realistic Justin," Amanda said "They won’t like anyone leaving. Pulling age rank is not a justification it‘s…"
"Condescending," Jayson added.
"I agree that your parents will hesitate," Chrystal interjected, "but I think all of you should go. Your individual powers, including the younger ones, could prove useful. Your destiny lies in what the Amulet powers can do to help your planet. If Jaimson succeeds in taking over the Empire, Chrystalina will most likely become a target again."
"Commander Jaimson doesn't know those of you who stayed on the planet, or rather, underground, three years ago," Andrew said. "We might be able to use that to our advantage."
"Ultimately it will be our parents’ decision," Luke said, "but I tend to agree with Andrew and Chrystal. I'm going to recommend that Leslie come with us."
Justin frowned and looked at Mary who shook her head. Finally he nodded.
"The need for new eyes out-weighs the danger," Justin agreed. "We need to act fast."
"Then you can talk to Mom and Dad," Mary said. 
"Alright!" Amanda exclaimed.
"Just a minute here," Jeremy said. "Just because we've agreed to take you doesn't mean that you can celebrate. Even if our parents agree, you're going to be under our control. You've got to promise to do as we say."
"Yeah yeah," Jayson said "We hear and obey. Now can we start the ball rolling?"
"It might be better if you four stay behind while we negotiate," Justin suggested. "One whine from any of you and you definitely won't be allowed to go."
"Us whine?" Leslie said. "We don't whine do we Em."
"Never mind that innocent look," Luke said. "Justin's right, stay here. We'll call you if we need you."
"I'll stay here," Mary said. "I'm not leaving these four here to get into trouble."
"No problem Mare," Justin said.
The truth was, it was Andrew whom Mary didn't trust in their headquarters not the four younger children who had been left there before.
"If you would prefer I returned to my ship while you conferred with your parents…" Andrew began.
Mary studied him for a moment.
"Andriana isn’t the only one in danger." she said "You’re better off here."
"I appreciate your help more than I can say." Andrew said. "I wouldn’t have come if…"
"You made your case well for the Council." Mary cut in briskly "My reservations count for little."
"On the contrary I think they count for a lot." Andrew replied "The Council wouldn’t have agreed without you."
"Admittedly if it wasn’t for you and your sister we’d be in very different places right now," Mary said "You may be use to leaving your home world. I‘m not. Forgive me if I‘m not overjoyed at the idea. Sit back and relax Emperor, I can‘t say how long it‘ll take to convince our parents not to have the same reservations about this deal. Why don‘t you four go to the simulator and relax. There won‘t be much else to do till the others come back."
"You have a simulator?" Andrew asked in surprise. "With holographic projectors?"
"We built it three years ago when we were hiding from your Empire," Amanda explained. "Some of us were going stir crazy without something to do, so we made a place to occupy ourselves."
"I didn't realize Chrystalina had such technology," Andrew said.
"Chrystalina doesn't," Jayson said. "We do. As far as the rest of the planet is concerned there's no such thing as technologies such as what we have down here."
"What's wrong with technology?" Andrew asked.
"There's nothing wrong with it," Chrystal replied. "If there was I wouldn’t be here. But when the planet was first colonized we didn't want it to take over as it had Earth. This system was only built because it had been foretold that some technology would be needed to protect the planet."
"I'm afraid I know very little about the historical background of this planet," Andrew confessed. "In our history books it is told that Jerico was colonized with the intend of taking a different approach to controlling the technologies that had taken over Earth."
"That's a sort of one-sided explanation," Mary said. "Do you mean to tell me that you didn't know anything about Chrystalina till you came to conquer it?"
"We knew there was such a planet, which was more primitive than ours and that it was colonized about the same time as Jerico, but that was the extent of it," Andrew said.
"But then why did you think it was necessary to attack?" Mary asked. "If we were so primitive."
"The Governor wanted to expand his Imperial power," Andrew said. "At the time no one saw the need to disagree. We figured no one would object to our technology."
"That figures," Mary grumbled. "In other words you thought you'd try and upgrade our society whether we liked it or not."
"I shouldn't expect you to even want to understand," Andrew said dropping the diplomatic tone he had been trying to maintain. "We had no intent on harming anyone."
"You could have fooled me," Mary said.
"This is a pointless argument," Andrew said. "You might as well stay behind if you insist on being that judgmental."
"I would love to but I would never hear the end of it from my brother. Not to mention if Jaimson gets away with what he's trying to do, he'll be as much of a threat to my planet as he is to yours," Mary said "I would like to avoid having to defend my planet from your Empire a second time."
"Okay that‘s enough!" Amanda interrupted "Andrew I know you’ve known Mary’s objections from the moment you set foot in this cave. Her reservations are valid and honestly I share them. That doesn’t mean I won’t help and it doesn’t mean she won’t help. You guys have got to learn to work together or we might as well all stay here for all the good we'll do."
"I have no fond memories of the Empire either Mare," Jayson added, "but that doesn't mean I'm going to refuse to accept honest responses to honest questions." 
"You were nine years old then and never left this cave," Mary snapped. 
"I apologize for my temper," Andrew said. "If you are willing to bypass your objections for Andriana’s safety I would be grateful."
Mary didn’t reply for a moment then turned away.
"If you'll excuse me I have some things to do before we leave," she said softly.
"Don't mind her," Amanda said "She might be a little high strung but she means well and she gets the job done anyway." 
"She reminds me of Andriana," Andrew said "Stubborn and head strong but she always knows what she's doing."
"Come on, we'll show you our simulator." Emily suggested.
"I'm gonna stay here," Leslie said "I don't feel like playing in the simulator anymore."
"Okay." Emily said "This way Emperor."
Leslie waited till they had disappeared into the simulator then followed Mary. She knocked softly on Mary's door.
"Who is it?" Mary called.
"It's Leslie. Can I talk to you?"
"Come in," Mary said.
Mary was sitting on her bed frowning but she smiled little as Leslie entered.
"What's up Les?"
"That's what I wanted to know," Leslie said "Why are you so mean to Andrew?"
"He's Emperor of the Empire that turned our lives upside down three years ago. Isn't that enough?" Mary said.
"I know what the Empire did was bad but why can't to let it pass?" Leslie asked. "He made it pretty clear he didn’t have any control."
"You're too young to understand," Mary said.
"I am not too young!" Leslie said defensively "Why does everyone think because I'm six years old I'm too young to understand anything."
"Okay, you were too young to understand." Mary said soothingly. "Does that make it any better?"
"No," Leslie said "I may not have understood exactly what was going on but I knew we were all in danger. I understand more now and I know the danger is still there but I can‘t… We can‘t dwell on the danger we were in or we won‘t be able to fix the danger we are facing now."
Mary sighed. Sometimes she thought Leslie was way too smart for her own good.
"Okay, do you really want the truth." 
"Go for it." Leslie said.
"I could forget the past or at least I could get passed it," Mary began, "I could even let the fact that the Empire is dragging us away from our parents again slip by. I just personally don't trust Andrew or his sister or the fact that my brother is in love with Andriana and sure as the sky is blue she's going to break his heart again."
"I can understand your concern for Justin. I know how much he hated to part with her, and I know I'd feel the same way if it were Luke, but does that mean you have to act so, how can I put it lightly, stuck up?"
"Stuck up?" Mary questioned. "I am not acting stuck up."
"You are too," Leslie said. "You either won't give him the time of day or you have to top anything he says with a snide remark."
"You are very brave to say something like that to me knowing my temper?" Mary said.
"I've learned you have to take chances or nothing gets said," Leslie said.
"Now you sound like your brother," Mary said.
"I do?" Leslie asked, in surprise. "Well, good. You deserve it. Will you at least think about treating Andrew and Andriana a little nicer, so my brother doesn‘t have to tell you the same thing only in more detail?"
Mary laughed a little.
"Okay, I'll treat them nicer but I don't have to like it," she said.
"I never said you had to like it," Leslie said. 
"Your brother has taught you well," Mary commented "Maybe a little too well even though he would have never gotten away with calling me stuck up."
"Yes he would," Leslie replied "Besides I know what Justin's like. I thought it might be best to try and talk you out of your mood before that little scene repeated itself in front of the others."
"Smart thinking," Mary agreed. 
"I'm going back to the simulator," Leslie said "Want to come?"
"No. I want to go talk to Chrystal," Mary said. "Les," she called as they parted "Maybe you’re not mentally too young to understand but in age you’re still six. It’s hard to forget that. The instinct is to protect you from the danger and the memory."
"It’s a burden Em and I have to bear," Leslie sighed. "We’ll beat it out of you older people eventually."
Mary laughed.
"You certainly don’t sound six," she said.
Leslie smiled.
"Thanks," she said. "I try." 




Chapter 3
Empress Andriana Mackensie walked through the star explorer Rose Quartz, cautiously. The red alert lights were flashing and alarms were blaring.
Suddenly the sound of footsteps made her shrink back into a corner. Two officers rushed passed her. Shock and confusion passed over the young girl as she thought she recognized the faces.
"It couldn't be," she said to herself as she chased the two officers. "Mom and dad are dead."
Hope filled her as she ran faster calling to them.
The two figures stopped and turned. Suddenly the red alert stopped.
"What is it Andriana?" Her father asked.
"Momma? Daddy? It that really you?" she asked.
"Of course it's us Baby," her mother said.
"But I don't understands you're supposed to be dead," Andriana said. "You died five years ago while you were on that exploration mission. Your ship was destroyed because of a malfunction that caused a warp-core breach."
"It was no malfunction. Someone made an error that caused the breach," her father said.
"But Commander Jaimson said that it was a malfunction," Andriana argued. "He said he had gone ahead to explore a planet when the ship exploded."
"Captain Jaimson left the ship without permission," her mother corrected. 
"You mean Jaimson could have been..." Andriana began but was interrupted by the red alert alarm.
"We have to get off the ship," her father said and kissed his daughter on the forehead.
"Remember Andriana," her mother said, "be a brave girl. Trust in your feelings and follow your heart, and you will find the answers you seek." Her mother kissed her, and then both her parents vanished around the corner.
Andriana took a step to follow them but another figure blocked her path.
"You're dreaming Empress," Commander Jaimson told her. "You trust in your senses too much. Return to reality. Wake up, Empress, wake up."
Andriana sat up with a start.
"Empress?" a young female voice called to her.
Andriana looked up. A girl, slightly younger than herself, stood in front of her holding a tray of food.
"Who are you?" Andriana asked.
"I've brought you your food Empress," The girl replied setting the tray on the floor.
"You work for the Commander?" Andriana questioned.
"Yes, Empress you could say that." 
"Then why do you speak with such respect towards me?" Andriana asked.
"The Commander brought me up to be polite, even to prisoners," the girl replied.
"Brought you up?" Andriana repeated.
"Yes Empress, he is my father." 
"Your father?" Andriana said in surprise.
The girl straightened up and stood tall and proud.
"Yes, my father, Empress. My name is Briana Jaimson," she said.
"Well then Miss Jaimson, do you realize what your father is trying to do?" Andriana asked.
"He is looking out for the good of the Empire," Briana replied. 
"Boy, has he ever got you brainwashed," Andriana commented. "For the good of the Empire my foot. Does this selfless deed include kidnapping the Empress?"
"The Commander knows what he is doing. He is my father and I trust his judgment," Briana said. "Now I must go Empress. Enjoy your dinner." 
"Something is very wrong here," Andriana said as the door closed after the girl. "Even more so than I thought," she added turning to the meal that had been left for her.
As she picked at the food she reflected on her dream. She had always believed Jaimson's survival was a twist of misplaced fate and her parents had died in an accident but now... Since she had received her Amulet powers, dreams that were that vivid meant something. The real question was what did it mean? Was Jaimson possibly responsible for the accident that killed her parents? For that matter were her parents really dead? She had to find out.
"How is our young prisoner?" Commander Jaimson asked Briana as she entered his office.
"Angry," Briana replied.
"She's a stubborn little mouse isn't she?" Jaimson commented.
"Yes sir," Briana agreed.
"Let's just hope her brother isn't as stubborn as to refuse our offer," Jaimson said.
"He hasn't returned to the planet yet," Briana said.
"It would make things a lot easier if he never did return," Jaimson commented. "Oh well, I'm sure he will, unfortunately, but we'll be ready. Now how is our re-colonization plan going?"
"Things are running smoothly," Briana reported. "Over half our...I mean your followers have transferred to the new home world successfully and secretly."
Just then the communications panel on Jaimson's desk beeped.
"Yes?" Jaimson said.
"Sir, we just received a message from the new home world. An exploration team exploring the sister planet found someone you may want to meet with."
"And who is that?" Jaimson asked.
"Admirals James and Christina Mackensie."
"What!?" Jaimson exclaimed. "They can't be alive! They died in the Rose Quartz explosion."
"Apparently they escaped Sir. They are being held on the planet and the explorer team is requesting instructions."
"Keep them on the planet and standby. Ensure they know nothing of our work on the other planets. I'll deal with them later."
"Yes Sir."
"So Mr. and Mrs. Mackensie are alive," Jaimson said thoughtfully. "We can't let that go on for long..."
"We could, if we could use this information to our advantage," Briana said.
"How?" Jaimson asked.
"Our young Empress thinks her parents are dead," Briana explained. "What if she began to see and hear them."
"How do you mean?" Jaimson encouraged.
"If she starts to see and hear the ghosts of her dead parents her brother will have no choice but to relieve her of command," Briana explained.
"And then the young Emperor will be that much easier to deal with while he is worrying over the health of his dear sister," Jaimson concluded. "Well done my dear. You will make a very fine leader one day."
"I learned from the best father." Briana said.
Jaimson smiled and turned on his Communications panel.
"Send a message to the exploration team." Jaimson said "Tell them to bring the Mackensies to me. I would very much like to chat with them." 
"Yes sir."
"Oh and alert our crew and the away teams the new comers are not to know anything about our young visitor. Keep them away from her."
"Understood sir."
"You will see who will come out on top in this one Empress." Jaimson said.
"We will." Briana added.
Both father and daughter laughed evilly at the thought of victory.
* * * * * *
Exhausted by the failed attempts to use her powers in combination with the light sedative in her food, Andriana soon drifted off to sleep once more. When she next woke her surroundings had changed. She lay in a soft bed under warm blankets. She tried to sit up but someone gently held her back.
"Lie down Andriana you're much too sick to get out of bed."
Andriana looked up to see her mother looking down at her.
"Mother?" Andriana asked. "But how...this is impossible...I must still be dreaming."
"It's okay, sweetie. Momma's here," her mother soothed her.
"No you can't be! You're dead!" Andriana said struggling to get up.
"Relax now," her mother said. "I'm not dead. I'm right here."
"No!" Andriana cried. "Leave me alone!"
"Please Andriana calm down," her mother said.
"Andriana listen to your mother," a new voice said.
"Father? NO, this isn't happening! Who are you? What do you want from me?" Andriana exclaimed as she finally released herself from her mother's grip and sprang from the bed.
"Please, Andriana. We just want to help you," her mother said.
"Stay back!" Andriana said nervously "I don't need any help! I'm perfectly well."
"You've been sick for several months now," her father said.
 "I am not sick," Andriana said. "I am Andriana Mackensie, Empress of Jerico. My parents died many years ago. Now tell me, what does the Commander hope to gain from this game?"
"What Commander? Andriana what are you talking about?" her father asked.
"The illness must be getting worse," her mother said. "Please Andriana, get back into bed. We only want to help."
Just then Commander Jaimson walked in.
"What's going on here?" he asked.
"That's what I would like to know," Andriana said.
"I thought you might like some more comfortable quarters," Jaimson said.
"What about them?" Andriana said pointing at her parents.
"Who?" Jaimson asked.
"My parents. What are they doing here?" Andriana asked.
"Who are you talking to An?" her mother asked.
"Commander Jaimson of course. He's right over there," Andriana said.
"Hmm. Perhaps Briana was right. That dark cell was not good for you," Jaimson commented "It's making you delirious."
"I am not crazy!" Andriana exclaimed "My parents are standing right there."
"Your parents died a long time ago child," Jaimson said.
"I know but they say they're my parents anyway," Andriana said.
"Andriana please get back into bed, you're imagining things. There's no one there sweetie," her mother said.
"Your mother is right. You need more sleep," her father added.
"No!! Leave me alone!" Andriana cried.
"Perhaps I should leave you alone. My visit has obviously upset you," Jaimson said.
"What about these two?" Andriana asked "Who are they?"
"We're your parents," her father replied.
"This is why you shouldn't be Empress. You've lost your mind after only a week of imprisonment. Think what you would be like under pressure."
Finally her father grabbed her and led her to the bed as her mother prepared a hypo-spray. Andriana struggled violently but her father was too strong for her. She felt a small prick as her mother administered the hypo-spray then she fell into darkness.
Jaimson watched as the young Empress struggled to break free from the holographic images of her parents, and smiled.
"Relax Empress," he whispered as the girl went limp. "Soon the battle will be over and I'll be in charge. And you won't be able to do a thing about it."
Jaimson left the room and returned to his office where Briana was waiting.
"How is the Empress?" Briana asked.
"She responded very well," Jaimson replied.
"Do you think she is ready for the next step," Briana said.
"It certainly confused her if we work fast we might use that confusion to our advantage. But I would like to discuss it with you in further detail first, before we go ahead with it. I want to know about this gift you seem to have and what makes you think you can control the Empress‘ paranoia," Jaimson said thoughtfully. "But first, what about the parents?"
"They will be here in shortly," Briana replied. "They have no idea what has happened since their disappearance."
"Bring them to me and return the Empress to her cell."
"Yes sir," Briana said as she rose to leave.
"Oh and Briana I want you present at my meeting with Mr. and Mrs. Mackensie."
"Yes sir. Thank you sir."
"Pay close attention my dear. You are my heir. It is your destiny to continue my legacy."
"I will father. You won't be disappointed."




Chapter 4
Mary returned to the main control centre but was silent for a long time. Finally Chrystal spoke.
"What's troubling you, Mary?"
"I don't know. I guess I'm just wondering if we're doing the right thing by associating ourselves with the Empire again."
"If Commander Jaimson wins, Chrystalina could be a target of the Empire," Chrystal pointed out. "You said that yourself."
 Mary nodded thoughtfully.
"Will our communicators still work while we're away?" She asked "In case we get separated?"
"I should think they would," Chrystal said.
"Will we be able to keep in contact here?" Mary asked.
"The communicators are not originally made for that distance. I suspect with a few adjustments long range communication could be arranged," Chrystal replied.
"Remind me to suggest it to the others," Mary said.
"I will Mary," Chrystal promised. "I am detecting movement outside." she announced.
"On screen." Mary said.
Luke and Jeremy appeared on the screen.
"That was quick," Mary said as she hit the keys to open the door. "Can you alert the others in the simulator."
"Already done," Chrystal said as the group exited the simulator.
"What's the word?" Jayson asked Jeremy anxiously.
"It took a bit of convincing but you're in." Jeremy said.
"You too Les," Luke said "Mom and Dad were reluctant but are going to let you go as long as you do as I say."
"Thanks Luke," Leslie said hugging her brother "You won't regret it."
"Incoming transmission," Chrystal announced as Justin's face appeared on the screen.
"Good you're all here," Justin said.
"How'd it go?" Mary asked.
"We're all set," Justin said "Mandy and Em are coming."
"Then why do you look so worried," Luke asked.
"Mom and Dad think we should contact the Prime Minister before we go," Justin said. "To alert him of what's going on and the possible threat."
"Officially the Prime Minister will want us to fill in the rest the privy council so they know what to expect. That could take months given the source of the information," Jeremy said. "Even filling in the Prime Minister unofficially alone will take longer than we have time for."
"We don't have months," Andrew said.
"I realize that but as Mary pointed out earlier we have responsibilities, unofficial as they might be," Justin said. "The Prime Minister is comfortable with what knowledge he has, but I'm not sure he won't request a briefing session for security before we go."
"I suggest your parents alert the government," Chrystal said. "This is an emergency and we have a few last minute things to do before you go. Prime Minister Miller will understand. He knows you have responsibilities that go beyond the government rules."
"I'll talk to them and return," Justin said "You guys make sure everything is ready.
"Hurry back Just," Mary said.
"Right. Justin out."
 * * * * * *
"Mom and Dad agreed to explain the situation to the privy council if Prime Minister Miller requests it," Justin explained when he returned. "I made them realize how much time it would take if we waited for official details."
"I'm sure your senate will understand the urgency in the matter," Andrew said.
"It’ll take a while to make the Privy Council understand why WE felt WE had to help you ourselves," Mary said.
"There are very few members of our government who know about the powers of the Amulet," Luke explained.
"It's the same on our world," Andrew said "Andriana and I had no wish to make our powers known especially considering the threat of the Commander and his followers."
"Are we almost ready to get going?" Justin asked.
"We have a few details to deal with yet," Luke replied.
"Jem is working on extending the communicator's range," Mary said "So we'll be able to keep in contact here."
"Then we must discuss defence," Andrew said. "You must be able to defend yourselves."
"I personally don't think I could ever comfortable use a fazer," Amanda said with a shudder.
"Fazers and blasters are our main defence tools," Andrew said. "You must learn to use them."
"Mandy's right," Emily agreed. "I'd be afraid I'd get shot while I was trying to shoot a fazer."
"That takes practice," Andrew said.
"You are used to using your powers as defence," Chrystal commented. "And your unwillingness to use the fazers could be due to past experience. Perhaps you'll need to try a new type of weapon."
"We have no time to create one," Andrew said.
"Jayson and I have been working on it in case of emergency," Chrystal said.
"This," Jayson said holding a small cylinder, "is a lightning sword. The sword is electrical but comes out by one's thoughts."
He activated it. A shimmering bolt of energy leapt from the handle, flattened and turned silvery to resemble a flat metal sword though it gave a low hum as Jayson slowly swished it back and forth.
"We actually took the idea from a tool used in ancient earth mythology," Jayson said. "Though to the touch it feels like a metal sword. That wasn’t an adjustment to make."
"This is a very dangerous but useful tool," Chrystal said. "The blade is very sharp and can seem metal but it can also cut through anything."
Jayson flipped a switch and the sword expanded in front of him.
"With the shield attachment, we can deflect fazer rays and send them back to whom ever is shooting at us." Jayson continued as he shut off the sword. "Our only problem is the shield doesn't reach far. So it can't protect all sides."
"It is an interesting concept," Andrew said.
"Doesn't it give us an unfair advantage to have such a weapon?" Leslie asked.
"I would not suggest you use it to kill," Chrystal said "Using a fazer may still be needed but this may make defence against fazers easier."
"Not to mention enabling us to make escape exits," Justin agreed.
"This would definitely be a new challenge in stead of that boring old fencing stuff," Luke commented. "What do you think Mare?"
Mary smiled a little.
"I could still beat you and Jeremy both," She said.
Just then Jeremy approached the group.
"The adjustments are done," he announced. "We should be able to contact Chrystal at any time even from Jerico."
"I finished the lightning sword," Jayson told his brother.
Jeremy took the sword and turned it on. The blade sparked to life.
"Not bad...Not bad at all," Jeremy said thoughtfully as he examined the sword. "Did you do all the circuit checks and stuff?"
"Everything is working properly," Jayson said "It's ready for duplication."
"Good work," Jeremy said letting the sword go dead and handing it back to Jayson.
"What about Em and Les?" Mary asked "They're going to need something to protect themselves."
"What about the sword?" Em asked.
"I don't think you two are old enough to handle something like that," Luke replied. "You two can barely handle the fencing. You're not ready for that."
"But how can we defend ourselves?" Leslie asked.
"We wouldn't put you in the position where you would have to," Justin said "Besides you have the power of invisibility on your side. If the need arises disappear."
"Tell you what," Jeremy said, "we'll make one for each of you anyway for when you get older."
"It won't be the same," Emily said then frowned as she glanced at Mary. "But I suppose that'll have to do."
"Once we reach Jerico you will have other things to worry about," Andrew spoke up. "The four youngest of your group will be essential to rescuing my sister. The Commander can't identify them and they will be able to blend into our society easily."
"Is it wise to let any of our presence be known?" Mary asked.
"It's the only way to find out information," Andrew said turning to the four younger children. "I admit it will be dangerous and I can understand the concern, but, ultimately, it's up to you four. I know you wanted to come but I need to ask you anyway.  Primarily, you'll be searching for facts but there may be dangers in that task as well.  Are you sure you're still up to it?"
The four children nodded.
"I'm still not sure it's wise to send the youngest out in the open," Mary said.
"Like I said, the Commander doesn't know them. They won't be suspected for a while," Andrew said.
"Hopefully we'll have found Andriana by the time they realize something's wrong," Luke said.
"It will make things more complicated if they suspect," Andrew agreed.
"Of course once we try to rescue her that's it..." Justin said. "Our cover will be blown and the real battle will begin."
* * * * * *
"Now remember children you are going into unfamiliar territory. Be careful," Chrystal said before they left the cave.
"Yes Mom," Mary said.
"We'll be fine, Chrystal," Jeremy said.
"Watch your backs and remember use your new weapons only in great need," Chrystal said.
"Relax Chrystal." Luke said "We know what we're doing."
"I realize you have shown skilfulness in matters of war but still remember this all of you..." Chrystal began. "You have the power of the Amulet at your disposal. When ever possible use that instead of weapons. You are all resourceful and skilful without material weapons; use that to your advantage. The ten children of the Amulet must pass on the legacy to future generations. Follow your hearts and work as a team leaving any bad past squabbles in this cave. Remember it is not only Andriana who is counting on you. IF the Commander and his followers escape, the battle will once again be for both planets."
"We love you too Chrystal." Amanda said.
"We'd better get going," Andrew said.
"Good journey my Lord," Chrystal said. "May you find the Empress swiftly and in good health."
"Thank you," Andrew said. "I'm sure we will now." 
"Good luck to all of you," Chrystal said "and may the powers of the Amulet guide and protect you throughout this quest."
* * * * * *
"I've never seen our planet from up here," Mary commented as the shuttle departed.
"It's beautiful," Amanda said.
"I've always wondered what it would look like from above," Jayson said.
"I hadn't thought about it myself," Emily said.
"You're too young to think in such depth," Mary said.
"Huh?" Emily asked.
"Never mind," Mary said.
"How long will it take us to get to Jerico?" Luke asked.
"About six hours at high speed," Andrew replied. "We'll need to take a roundabout route so the Commander doesn't know where I went."
"We'll have time to make plans," Justin said.
"We'll need to create new identities for Em, Les, Jay and Mandy," Jeremy said.
"Why?" Leslie asked.
"So you won't be conspicuous in the city," Luke said.
"You'll be from another region," Andrew said.
"Distant relatives maybe," Jayson suggested.
"Visiting the Emperor and Empress," Leslie added.
"Or even better we've come to try and assist the Emperor in locating the Empress," Amanda added.
"It's a start," Justin said.
"Give us about an hour," Emily said "We'll have names and all that for you."
"Creating stories is one of their strengths," Mary said.
"Leave it to them," Jeremy agreed. "They'll have everything including personalities for each of the characters."
"We can always make revision if needed," Luke added.
"It can't hurt to let them try," Andrew agreed. 
"We'll go to the back and brainstorm," Jayson added as he and the three girls rose.
"We will have to keep your arrival a secret for now," Andrew said. "It wouldn't do for Jaimson to be ready when we try to rescue An."
"It's going to be hard to keep our presence a secret for long," Mary pointed out. "For all you know there could still be people working for Jaimson as spies."
"Do you have a transporter on this thing?" Jeremy asked.
Andrew nodded.
"Why don't you beam us down before you land," Jeremy suggested. "We can meet up with you afterwards."
"Our sensors on the planet will detect us as we approach," Andrew said. "They'll know about any transporter activity."
"Can't you do anything to affect the sensors?" Luke asked.
"Not from this ship," Andrew replied.
"What about the Amulet?" Justin suggested "One of the powers must be able to help us."
"My powers are too weak," Andrew said. "And you don't know our defence system well enough to know what to concentrate on."
"Maybe Chrystal can help cause a diversion," Mary suggested. "While we transport to the surface the sensors will be detecting other ships coming in."
"I'll have to beam you down outside the castle," Andrew said. "You'll have to teleport into it or the sensors will detect it for sure."
"We'll be fine as long as you can direct us to where we're supposed to go before hand," Luke said.
"If you can create a map we can down load it to our communicators and follow that," Jeremy added.
"It should be fairly easy direct you to find the Royal living quarters. Depending on the beam down co-ordinates."
"How easy?" Justin questioned.
"The route I have in mind is direct," Andrew said "But I admit it won't be terribly easy. You'll still have to keep out of sight."
An hour later, as predicted, Emily, Amanda, Leslie and Jayson had come up with the perfect scenario.
"We'll claim to be distant relatives. We heard about Andriana's disappearance and want to offer our assistance," Jayson explained. 
"Actually we want to have some connection with the Imperial government for our own personal gain," Amanda continued.
"What kind of personal gain?" Andrew asked.
"Fame and power," Leslie replied. "We hope to gain power and status if we can say we helped the leaders of the Empire."
"But you're just children in most people's eyes," Mary pointed out.
"The same could have been said for you three years ago," Emily added.
"Touché," Mary replied.
"Have you decided on aliases?" Luke asked.
"We're going to be taking Amanda's mother's maiden name: Jenkins," Jayson replied "I'm the oldest brother Alan. Amanda is my sister April and Leslie and Emily are twins Jennifer and Christina."
"Very creative," Justin commented. 
"Where did you get the name Christina?" Jeremy asked.
"Chrystal," Emily replied. "I thought Christina sounded better."
"You have done well," Andrew commented. "We must now create a file for each of you. Our security will want to check your story and the Commander may also check up on you, in the event he decides to ask you to join the rebellion."
"Why? We aren't rebelling. We just want recognition," Leslie said.
"But the Commander might see you as an easy target," Jeremy pointed out "Given your age, he might think you'll be easily turned to his side."
"So what do we do if he does approach us?" Amanda asked.
"Let him make whatever offer he has planned," Luke said "Then tell him you'll need time to discuss it and come back and tell us."
"Make sure no one follows you though," Justin said, "and try to use discretion with the use of your powers."
"Really we know what we're doing," Jayson said.
"That has yet to be seen," Mary said.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Emily challenged.
"Just don't show so much confidence," Mary said "We're going to a new place to challenge people who have already tried to kill us. We can't afford to get cocky."
"Mary is right," Andrew agreed "Over-confidence has been known to cause more problems than a warp-core breach." 
"Whatever that is," Amanda commented.
"A malfunction that could blow up a ship," Andrew explained.
"We'll be careful," Jayson said. "But what will you be doing while we're out risking our lives?"
Mary shivered at this remark. She stood and walked over to stand beside Justin, who took her hand and gave it a little squeeze.
"Sorry Mare that didn't come out right," Jayson said quickly.
"I'm okay Jay," Mary said. "This whole quest makes me shiver. To answer your question we won't be able to do much till you get any leads either on Andriana or the Commander."
"We'll be doing a lot of behind the scenes work like you did three years ago," Jeremy said.
"We can't let the Commander know we're on the planet," Luke said "Yet."




Chapter 5
Commander Jaimson sat reading the updated medical reports on his prisoner. His back was to the door.
Suddenly the buzzer sounded.
"Come," Jaimson called without turning around.
"Your visitors are here Commander," Briana reported entering alone.
"Bring them in my dear," Jaimson said. "Have the proper precautions been taken?"
"Yes Sir," Briana said. "They haven't seen anything since they were on the transport."
"Good," Jaimson said. "Have the guards lead them in and take off the blindfolds. Then make yourself comfortable."
Jaimson continued to keep his back to the door while Briana had his ordered carried out. Soon the guards led the new prisoners in.
"Thank you guards. You may wait outside and see that we're not disturbed," Jaimson said without turning.
"Yes sir." 
"Please have a seat. I'll be with you in moment," Jaimson said.
"Who are you and what do you want?" Christina Mackensie demanded, then she saw the girl sitting beside the desk "Briana?" she gasped "I can’t be."
"It is," Briana replied. "It’s been a long time. Don't worry Mrs. Mackensie. No harm will come to you two if you co-operate," 
"Co-operate with what?" James Mackensie asked.
"All we ask is that you put up no resistance towards us," Briana said "We aren't the villains you may think we are. Am I right Father?"
"Quite right Briana," Jaimson said turning to face his visitors. "Well said."
"Jerold!" Christina gasped.
"Surprised?" Jaimson asked. "So was I when I heard you were alive."
"What do you want Jerold?" James asked.
"As my daughter has been trying to tell you we want nothing from you," Jaimson replied.
"Then why have you taken us prisoner?" James asked.
"Because you know a little too much about me and for the moment that threatens my little operation here," Jaimson explained, "not to mention that we'll need you help to re-conquer the Empire."
"Re-conquer the Empire?, but I thought you were faithful to the Governor," Christina said.
"I was but sadly the Governor is dead, which means the Empire is in the hands of children." 
"Do you mean..." Christina gasped. "Oh James."
"Yes, Yes. Andriana and Andrew are the leaders of the Empire...but not for long," Jaimson said.
"What do you mean?" James demanded. "What are you going to do?"
"I think it's time we made visual contact with our other guest," Jaimson said to Briana.
"Please feel free to sit down for this," Briana said to the Mackensies "We wouldn't want you to fall."
Reluctantly the Mackensies complied. Briana turned on the view screen at one side of the room. On it appeared a dark cell.
"Computer turn on the lights in the cell to half their brightness," Briana commanded.
The lights in the cell flickered on to reveal the only object in the room. The sleeping form of a young girl.
"Computer zoom in on the occupant's face."
Both the Mackensies gasped as the computer complied. Though they had last seen her at a young age they still knew who this girl was.
"What have you done to her?" James demanded.
"Nothing yet," Jaimson said. "I have no intention to harm her severely."
"What are you going to do with her?" Christina asked.
"Nothing physically harmful," Briana spoke up. "View screen off."
"Briana dear don't try to take after your father," Christina said. "Your mother..."
"What Briana meant is your daughter is safe," Jaimson said. "We have no intention of harming her."
"What about Andrew?" James asked.
"I haven't the slightest idea where he is," Jaimson said. "He left the planet a few days ago and hasn't returned yet."
"What are you going to do to him when he returns?" Christina asked.
"Nothing whatsoever," Jaimson replied. "Andriana will do to suit my purposes."
"Both your children are safe from harm," Briana added. "Cooperate and that will remain the same for them and you."
* * * * * *
Several hours later the nine children aboard the shuttle craft prepared to put phase two of their plan into action.
Andrew had already created the files for the computer banks of the four supposed relatives and Jeremy had linked his communicator to the craft so Chrystal could create a believable hologram.
"Once we're on the surface all you have to do is to tell Chrystal and disconnect the communicator," Jeremy told Andrew.
"Who's the computer expert?" Mary asked sarcastically. "Honestly Jem. You should enjoy this visit to a place that specializes in you expertise."
"You're sure you were born on our planet?" Luke added. "The place where technology was almost outlawed."
"Hey. What can I say? I learn quickly," Jeremy said.
"I know what I'm supposed to do," Andrew said. "Do you know where you're to go once on the surface."
"The map is all loaded into the communicators." Justin said.
"Remember the castle is on alert because of Andriana's disappearance," Andrew continued. "Don't let yourselves be seen yet."
"We'll be careful," Amanda said.
"We're coming into sensor range now," Andrew announced a few minutes later.
"Turn on your diversion Chrystal," Jeremy said.
Three ships appeared ahead of them.
"We're in transporter range," Andrew said. "Good luck."
As the children disappeared Chrystal shook her head worriedly.
"I hope they'll be careful," she said.
"So do I. An's life depends on this whole plan," Andrew said. "Thank you for your diversion Chrystal. It seems to have worked," he added disconnecting the communicator.
"Keep me posted," Chrystal said. "Chrystalina out."
Andrew closed the communicator and put it aside. Then he turned back to pilot the shuttle back to his home world.
* * * * * * 
Unaware that her rescue team had just arrived, Andriana tried to link her mind to somebody on the outside.
"Someone help please!" She called out desperately. "Please help me."
* * * * * *
Once on the planet the eight children made their way to the castle. They had been dropped off a mile away to avoid detection.
Suddenly Amanda stopped and closed her eyes.
"Mandy what is it?" Emily asked.
Amanda didn't answer. She had to concentrate.
"Mandy? Mary, Justin something's wrong with Mandy!" Emily exclaimed.
Immediately Mary and Justin rushed to Amanda's side.
"Mandy what's wrong?" Mary asked.
"Hold on a sec," Amanda finally managed to reply. Had she heard it? Or had she just imagined it? She had to concentrate. Then the sound came again.
"Help me please," A voice called out.
The voice sounded familiar but Amanda couldn't identify it at first. Then she remembered...three years ago as they watched three year old Emily and Leslie use their telekinesis to play with the fazer, making it jump about with their powers to spook the young heirs to the Empire. It was the first time she had ever seen them or hear them... The faint voice came once again.
"Please someone answer me!"
"I hear you Andriana," Amanda called back. "Hold on. We're coming."
"Who are you?" Andriana asked weakly.
"Amanda Bradford, answer me this minute," Mary demanded.
Amanda attempted to ignore her sister.
"I can't talk now," she told Andriana. "I'll contact you later."
"But how can you?" Andriana asked "Who are you?"
"Children of the Amulet," Amanda replied just before the connection broke. 
Amanda opened her eyes. The others surrounded her. She now realized she was sitting on the ground.
"Amanda, are you all right?" Justin asked helping her up.
Amanda nodded.
"What's going on?" Jayson asked.
"We've got to get to the palace," Amanda said. "I need to make contact again."
"Contact with whom?" Luke asked.
"Andriana," Amanda said as she walked off towards the castle. 
* * * * * * 
"Children of the Amulet," Andriana gasped as the connection broke. Then she realized where Andrew had gone. "That must mean he's back," she thought to herself as she once again stretched out her mind in attempt to touch her brother's. Her efforts were interrupted however as someone entered the room.
"Feeling better?" Commander Jaimson asked.
"Please don't pretend you care," Andriana said. "I'm not in the mood for games."
"Oh but I do care Empress," Jaimson insisted. "Your health is very important to me."
"And why should that be?" Andriana asked.
"Oh no reason in particular," Jaimson replied. "I have no wish to harm you yet."
"Then why are you keeping me here?" Andriana asked.
"That's for me to know," Jaimson replied.
"Did you come here just to taunt me?" Andriana asked. "Because if you did I don't have time for it."
"You're too suspecting Empress," Jaimson said.
"Why did you come? To bother me? Andriana asked.
"Bother you? Never. I just felt I wouldn't be a good host if I didn't come down and see to the comfort of my guest." 
"If you were such a gracious host you'd let me go when I asked."
"Nice try Empress, but I still need you around."
Andriana gave up and returned to her meditation. Hoping to make contact with Andrew while the force field was down for the Commander.
"Now, now, don't go to sleep," Jaimson said "You'll have time enough for that later."
Andriana opened her eyes and glared at him.
"I was not sleeping I was trying to ignore you," she said defiantly, "hoping maybe you'd go away."
Just then the doors opened and Briana came in.
"We're ready Commander," Briana said.
Andriana looked at them suspiciously.
"Relax Empress," Briana said. "This has nothing to do with you."
"What are you two up to?" Andriana asked.
"Stay with our Empress." Jaimson said "I'll need the guards with me."
"Yes sir," Briana said.
Commander Jaimson left the room.
"Does he really think you're a match for me?" Andriana asked.
"I'm stronger than you think Empress," Briana said. "I wanted to stay anyway. I had to talk to you alone."
"Why? So you can convince me to give up without a fight? I don't think so."
"I want you to keep fighting," Briana said. "I no longer want father to win."
"Why should I believe you?" Andriana said folding her arms.
"Really, father has become obsessed with power and it's scaring me," Briana said with tears in her eyes.
Andriana's heart almost went out to the young girl. She knew the feeling of a family member becoming obsessed with power. Her grandfather almost killed the Chrystalinians for the Amulet. She and Andrew were in fear for their lives.
Briana sat down on the floor and put her head in her hands and began to sob.
"I want to keep fighting," Andriana confessed, "but I can't do much from here."
"I might be able to help you if you promise I won't be linked to Commander Jaimson ever again," Briana said looking up.
Andriana moved in front of Briana and looked into her deep violet eyes to decide whether Briana was lying or not. Suddenly she saw a spark in the girl's eyes that seemed to captivate her.
"Your eyes are very beautiful," Andriana said softly. "I've never seen a shade like that."
"They say my eyes make me look mysterious," Briana said. "Someone once told me they looked like the sky after sunset. Dark, violet and clear."
Andriana felt her own eyelids getting heavier as Briana spoke. She tried to turn her attention to other things but Briana seemed to have cast a spell over her.
"Empress? You look tired," Briana said finally. "Maybe you should rest. We'll continue our conversation later."
"I'm not tired," Andriana protested.
"Oh, I think you are," Briana insisted. "You are strong willed but I'm just as strong as you look deeper into my eyes. You need rest; darkness is surrounding you, Empress. Like a violet blanket, it envelops your world; no light, no sound, just peace and rest, until I wake you."
Andriana couldn't resist any longer. Briana's words and mysterious violet eyes were almost hypnotic. Finally she lapsed into the darkness of sleep.
Briana stood over the sleeping form of the young Empress.
"Briana to Jaimson," she called.
"Jaimson here," The Commander responded.
"Success father," Briana said proudly "The Empress will now do anything I tell her to."
"Have her brought to the simulator Briana," Jaimson said. "We'll begin the next step from there."
* * * * * *
"I don't understand. I almost had a connection," Amanda said.
The eight children had made it into the royal quarters without detection, now Amanda and Justin were trying to make contact with Andriana again.
"Did she say anything to you that might help?" Mary asked.
"No. She only said that she needed help," Amanda said. "I should never have broken the connection."
"You had to," Luke said. "We were out in the open we might have been seen if we'd stayed where we were."
"At least she knows we're here," Justin pointed out. "Maybe it'll keep her spirits up."
Just then footsteps sounded outside. The children ran to hide. Seconds later Andrew came in and called softly to them.
"We're here Andrew," Mary replied as she and the others came out of hiding.
"You made it," Andrew said. "Did anyone see you?" he asked returning Jeremy's communicator.
"No one saw us but Amanda did make contact with someone," Leslie said.
"Who?" Andrew asked anxiously.
"Your sister," Amanda replied quietly.
"You saw An?" Andrew exclaimed.
"No," Amanda said. "She tried to contact someone with her mind and I caught the connection."
"Is she all right?" Andrew asked.
"The connection was weak and short lived," Amanda explained. "I only had time to answer her call and tell her that we were here."
"You didn't ask her anything?" Andrew asked.
"I didn‘t have time to," Amanda said. "For the moment I think she's safe but scared. She knows no more about what's going to happen than we do."
"We've got to get to work," Jayson said before Andrew could ask another question.
"Immediately," Andrew agreed. "Fear is worse than knowing. If she's scared she must have a reason to be. In which case..."
"We have to think about finding her and rescuing her," Emily said "Dwelling on her danger won't help."
"I'm going to keep trying to make contact," Amanda said.
"Let me," Justin said. "The Jenkins children should arrive soon."
* * * * * *
Commander Jaimson and his daughter stood in the simulator talking. The images created by the holographic scanners had once again created the Empress's bed chamber. The Empress herself lay unconscious on the bed.
"You have done well my dear," Jaimson said to his daughter. "You’re sure she will do as you command?"
"Yes father," Briana replied. "She is now under my power. She will do as I say without hesitation."
"We should get started then," Jaimson said.
"Yes father," Briana said as she walked over to the bedside. "Hear me Empress," She whispered to Andriana "this is Briana Jaimson. From this moment on you will do as I say without hesitation. When you wake you will have no memory of me. You weren't kidnapped. You went on a vacation to get away from you Imperial duties. Nod you head if that is all clear."
Andriana nodded. Briana smiled proudly.
"When you hear the word POWER you will relive a memory involving you and your parents," Briana continued. "When you hear or see a door open you will either hear or see your parents. Is that understood?"
Andriana nodded once again.
"We have only to test her responses," Briana told her father.
"Very good Briana. Can you wake her without her seeing us?"
Briana nodded and returned her attention to Andriana.
"Hear me Empress," Briana said. "You will wake in a few moments. You will remember nothing of this conversation, but you will follow my instructions regardless. At the sound of the door buzzer you will wake. Till then sleep and rest yourself."
Briana turned back to her father who smiled at her. 
"Computer, start program," Jaimson said "Record the Empress's every move."




Chapter 6
"State your business here," a palace guard commanded as four children approached the palace.
"We seek an audience with the Lord Emperor," Jayson replied.
"For what purpose?" A second guard asked.
"We are distant relatives of the Lord and Lady," Amanda replied. "My name is April Jenkins. This is my older brother Alan and our younger sisters Jennifer and Christina."
"News of the disappearance of her highness has recently reached our city of Corinth. We came to offer assistance," Jayson continued.
The guards hesitated. Amanda stretched out her mind to the guards with feelings of trust.
"You know we tell the truth," she told them silently. "You've heard of us before. We are expected."
"We were told of your journey," the first guard announced. "Please follow me."
He led them to the Royal audience chamber where Andrew was waiting. The guard bowed.
"These are the Jenkins children, My Lord. They wish to assist you in your search for Her Highness."
"Did you do a check on them?" Andrew asked.
"Yes sir," the guard replied. "Our records show they are who they claim to be."
"Very well," Andrew said. "You may return to your post."
"Yes My Lord," the guard bowed again and left.
"Well, my friends. You have come to assist in the search for the Empress." Andrew said aloud.
"Yes Sire," Jayson replied. "But we would prefer to talk to you in private if it is possible."
"Very well," Andrew said "Follow me."
Andrew lead them back to the Royal quarters where the others were waiting.
"That was fast," Mary commented.
"I hate formalities," Amanda said. "So, I used a little brain power to hurry things along."
"I knew a computer check couldn't be done that quickly," Andrew said.
"The best part of our kind of telepathy is that it speeds things up when time is not on your side," Jayson said.
"Okay, so we're in," Emily said. "What next?"
"I must give you access to the palace," Andrew said.
"Then you do what you do best," Luke said "Snoop."
"How long will it be till we can start?" Leslie said ignoring her brother.
"You can start tomorrow," Andrew said. "I'll call the senate tonight and give orders to help you in any way they can."
"Once you start snooping, let your need for power start to show bit by bit," Jeremy said.
"Make sure it isn't too obvious. Show an interest in power in general. Ask around about what people think of power and wealth and the rebellion," Justin said.
"Hey relax," Jayson said. "We know what to do. We made the plan ourselves."
"Has there been any sign of Andriana through brain waves?" Amanda asked.
"Not a glimmer," Justin said. "I've been trying since you left."
"Let me try," Amanda said as she sat down and closed her eyes.
Carefully she stretched out her mind in search of Andriana.
"I think I've got something," she reported, "but I'm not sure what. Open your mind to mine, Andrew. Maybe you can make something of it."
Andrew did as Amanda suggested and Justin did the same.
Andriana's thoughts were only fuzzy images of things she was seeing.
"An," Andrew called out. "An, can you hear me?"
Andriana didn't respond.
"My Lady," Justin called out. "Do you know who I am? Can you hear me?"
Once again there was no response. Finally Andrew broke his connection.
"I don't understand why she won't answer at least one of us," he said.
"It's as if she were in a dream," Justin said as he too broke his connection.
"How can that be?" Amanda asked. "I've never been able to read dreams before."
"We aren't supposed to be able to contact someone who's asleep or unconscious," Jeremy said.
"I'm getting a bad feeling about this," Luke said.
"Something is definitely not right here." Mary agreed.
"But what is it?" Emily asked.
"And how do we get by it?" Leslie added.
"Before it's too late." Andrew added.
* * * * * * 
Andriana awoke rested and relaxed as if nothing had happened. She was unaware that she was under a spell. After having something to eat she went to search for Andrew. As Briana predicted when the door opened Andriana caught a glimpse of her parents. She paused for a moment but thinking she was seeing things she continued on her search.
The audience chamber was empty except for the guards at the entrance. As Andriana exited the room she ventured to ask a question.
"Have you seen my brother?" she asked the guards.
"He left two days ago in search of you, My Lady," one guard replied.
"Why would he be searching for me?" Andriana asked.
"You've been missing for almost a week, Your Highness," the second guard explained.
"Missing?" Andriana questioned.
"Yes ma'am," the first guard said. "His Lordship thought Commander Jaimson might have something to do with your disappearance."
"When do you expect him back?" Andriana asked.
"He didn't specify, My Lady," the second guard replied.
"See to it that he is notified of my return," Andriana said.
"Yes Ma'am," both guards replied.
"Why didn't Andrew try to contact me?" Andriana thought to herself as she returned to her quarters. "I wasn't very far," She added aloud. "There was no reason to leave."
* * * * * *
"Very nice, Briana. The Empress is reacting as you said she would," Jaimson said.
"This talent could prove very useful," Briana commented.
"It already has," Jaimson said as he turned the view screen to the other prisoners.
Christina Mackensie had buried her face in her husband's shoulder. She longed to hold her daughter in her arms, watching her on the view screen Jaimson had set up made things worse.
"This isn't a very fun party," Jaimson said as his face appeared in place of the action in the simulator.
"What have you done to her?" James Mackensie demanded.
"I don't know what you mean," Jaimson replied.
"How did you get her to forget that she had been kidnapped," James demanded. "And why does she jump every time a door opens?"
"Oh you noticed that," Jaimson said "I did nothing. My daughter is very good at convincing people to believe anything she wants them to believe. Your daughter now thinks she went on vacation."
"Why is she so jumpy?" Christina asked.
"Well that's more complicated but let's just say as far as she's concerned you've come back to haunt her."
"I promise you," Christina said, "you're going to regret your actions and if anything happens to my daughter you'll wish you had never been born."
"I don't think so," Jaimson said. "You see I have the power. You have no control nor will you ever. Empty threats don't bother me."
Jaimson's face disappeared and the screen went blank.
"We have to get out of here," Christina said. "We have to save Andriana."
"I know dear," James said, "but I'm more concerned about Andrew. We know she's safe for now but where is he."
"We must escape and find them both." Christina added. "Jerold Jaimson must be brought to justice."
"He will dear," James said hugging his wife. "We will make him regret this."
* * * * * *
Throughout the rest of that day and into the next couple of days Commander Jaimson and Briana watched gleefully as Andriana complied to the hypnotic suggestions implanted into her subconscious by Briana. After about a week, however, the novelty wore off and Commander Jaimson decided it was time to make the next move, but, despite her situation, Andriana herself made the next move.
The simulator made it seem like time had passed very quickly. Andriana felt as though she'd been back for a week and Andrew had not returned. She was beginning to think he was staying away to teach her a lesson for going on vacation and yet something told her he was really looking for her. In order to release the stress of doing tasks that normally she and Andrew would handle together, Andriana had gone to her simulator to relax. She had the computer recreate the woods of Chrystalina at night.
Andriana enjoyed the loveliness of the nature sights, sounds and smell that the computer had created for her. The memories of her last visit were admittedly mostly unpleasant but her attraction for the beauty of the planet, not to mention her attraction for Justin Bradford, made the other memories almost non-existent.
Andriana gave herself two hours to enjoy it but, finally, she reluctantly called for the exit. That's when it happened. Whether it was through some kind of fluke or a power surge, the security safe-guards Briana had installed failed. When Andriana called for the exit, the real exit appeared and Andriana walked straight out. It took a few minutes but she soon realized that she wasn't where she was supposed to be.
Briana watched in horror as the prisoner escaped. Without a moment to lose Briana sprinted out of her father's office in search of the Empress before The Commander learned of the escape.
Confused and disoriented, Andriana walked out of the simulator and into the dark underground tunnels cautiously. She had a slight inclination that her presence ought be kept secret, so she tried to stay in the shadows as she explored her new surroundings.
Briana rushed along the underground tunnels. 
"The Empress must not be allowed to roam free," She thought. "She can't find out about our other guests."
With each step Andriana slowed her pace as she became aware of a feeling of impending danger that was growing within her.
Suddenly footsteps sounded around a corner up ahead. Andriana drew back into the shadows and attempted to turn herself invisible. Then the footsteps stopped. Andriana held her breath and listened.
Briana had stopped to talk to the guards outside the other prison.
"Has anyone come this way in the last fifteen minutes?"
"No Ma'am," one guard replied.
"Stay alert," Briana said. "The Empress must not escape."
"No one will get by without our knowledge," the second guard said.
"Good," Briana said and continued to the simulator.
Andriana hoped the girl coming down the hallway would not see her though she had no idea why. She had no memory of this girl and yet… 
Andriana only knew she had to concentrate on not being seen. The girl approached closer and closer and finally passed. Andriana still didn't breathe again till the young girl disappeared around the next corner. Then she continued on her way, poking her head around the corner cautiously she saw two guards standing outside a room. Curiosity sparked inside the young Empress. 
"What or who is in there?" she wondered. 
Already exhausted by her attempt at invisibility Andriana felt there was something of interest in that room.
Recalling the distraction tactic Justin had once used to distract the guards aboard the star-ship during the Chrystalina invasion, Andriana concentrated on the fazers. With a little effort she sent them on a walk past the guards and down the hall and out of sight. The bewildered guards followed closely. Quickly and quietly Andriana removed the force field at the door and entered. Because of the past week Andriana wasn't sure whether or not to believe her eyes. The figures who approached looked like her parents but...
"Andriana, thank goodness you're all right," her mother said stepping towards her daughter.
Andriana nervously took a step back. This situation also seemed familiar to her.
"Who are you?" Andriana asked.
"An, it's us. Your parents," her father said.
"No, my parents dies a long time ago." Andriana said. 
"It was all a mistake dear," her mother said. "We're alive."
"You look like them but..." Andriana said slowly.
"Greetings Empress," Briana interrupted.
Andriana spun around to face the newcomer.
"Who are you and why am I here," she demanded.
"You're just a visitor here," Briana said. "You have no reason to be so defensive. I want what's best for your people."
"I must ask again. Who are you?" Andriana said.
"Come closer. Look into my eyes and you will know all you need to know," Briana said.
Before her parents could stop her, Andriana drew closer.
"That's right Empress. Look deep into my eyes," Briana said. "Hear my voice alone. The other sounds are merely background and meaningless. Hear me Empress. You are very tired now. Let the sound of my voice calm you. Think of sleep. Let darkness fall over you like a violet blanket."
Once again Andriana couldn't resist. She was already exhausted from using her powers. Soon she dropped to the floor. Briana smiled.
"Say good-bye Mommy and Daddy," Briana said to James and Christina as the guards carried the sleeping Empress out.
The Mackensies watched in silent horror as the young girl cast her spell over their daughter. They were helpless and unable to stop her as if Briana's spell was strong enough to make it impossible for them to move.
Briana turned to leave but hesitated for a moment and spoke to Mr. and Mrs. Mackensie.
"You look so scared for her," she said. "She's in no physical danger. You'll be happy to know she'll be returning to join her brother. Too bad you won't be there to see the reunion or to see them step down."
"Why would they step down?" Christina asked.
"I said she was in no physical danger but a mind is a terrible thing to waste or to lose. Your son will have to step down and when he does father will take their place. The Empire will be ours."
Briana left with an evil and confident grin on her face. She was so sure nothing and no one could possibly stop her and her father. Had she known anything about the Amulet and its guardians she would have seen the odds weren't as good as she thought.
* * * * * *
Exhausted by her attempts to contact Andriana, Amanda was barely able to sit up by the time night fell and she made no argument when Mary suggested she go to bed. That was when her abilities once again became of use to her. It happened through a dream...
Deep within her sub-conscious Andriana somehow was able to realize that everything she was told by the voice who seemed to command her wasn't right somehow and yet she didn't know exactly where the discrepancy lay. So while Briana prepared to re-program the young Empress, Andriana's sub-conscious reached out for help. The call touched the young Chrystalinian girl who now lay sleeping, exhausted by her attempts at using her own mind control powers to make a connection.
At first there was darkness, no dreams, just calm darkness. Then it began. Amanda found herself standing alone. Then a faint image appeared.
"Are you an Amulet holder?" the figure asked.
"Yes," Amanda replied. "I am Amanda Bradford, sister of Mary and Justin Bradford. We have come to help you Empress."
"Help?" Andriana questioned. "My mind is confused Miss Bradford. I'm in a walking sleep. I don't know where I am and yet I know I shouldn't be here."
"Can you give me any clues?" Amanda asked.
"Clues? There are clues locked away in my mind but I cannot find them," Andriana said for a moment she began to fade. "My connection grows weak. I have a message for you and the others. Appearances can be deceiving. What we think to be true sometimes isn't and what we think isn't true sometimes is."
"What does that mean?" Amanda asked.
"You say you are here to help," Andriana said. "You are searching for me."
"Correct but..." Amanda began.
"Broaden your search. Look for more than just who you came here to find. Let the impossible be a possibility."
"I still don't understand," Amanda said.
"I'm fighting a waking dream. I'm sleep walking while I'm awake. That's all I can tell you. That's all I know for now. The connection is about to be severed. I hope you can make sense out of my words soon, for once this dream is over I don't think I'll remember them. Good luck."
The figure vanished. Amanda's dream ended and she slept the rest of the night in relaxing darkness.
When Amanda woke in the morning she reported her dream.
"It was kind of strange," she said "It was like a dream of the future but there was a connection being made between us and yet we were both asleep."
"And you said her image kept fading," Justin asked.
"Yeah and when she broke the connection she said it was being severed as if someone was interrupting her concentration," Amanda said.
"If Jaimson has so much as caused her to break a fingernail he will pay," Andrew said angrily.
"We've got to concentrate on finding her first," Jeremy pointed out."
"Maybe we should go over Mandy's dream once more," Mary said. "Maybe we can make something out of it."
"Maybe Chrystal can figure it out," Jayson suggested.
"It's work a try," Luke said talking out his comm. "Luke to Chrystal come in."
"Chrystal here. What can I do for you Luke."
"We've already hit a brick wall of sorts and we needed your opinion," Luke explained "I'll let Amanda explain further."
Luke handed the communicator to Amanda and she proceeded to explain her experience.
"It sounds as if you've discovered another aspect of the mind control powers," Chrystal said.
"But what does it mean?" Amanda asked.
"And how did the connection come to be made," Jayson added. "We've never been able to contact someone who is asleep before."
"Yes, but the only attempts made have been made by a conscious person," Chrystal said. "From what you've told me, Amanda and Andriana were both asleep. It could be that the connection was being made on sub-conscious levels."
"I'm confused," Emily announced. 
"So am I," Leslie agreed.
"It makes sense to me," Jeremy said "Andriana said she was in a walking sleep, meaning there is something or someone who is preventing her from consciously using her mind control powers. It's possible that she isn't even consciously aware that something is wrong."
"Okay but then how did she contact Mandy?" Leslie asked.
"When we dream our conscious mind sort of shuts down and our sub-conscious mind takes over," Luke explained. "It's what lets us dream and for some of us opens our minds to glimpses of the future."
"I'm with you so far," Emily said. "I think."
"Okay, let's say Andriana is in some kind of dream state where she is conscious but she is doing things on an unconscious level," Luke continued. "This level might be referred to as a dream state..."
"In which her sub-conscious awakens and realizes something is wrong," Amanda concluded. "So her sub-conscious calls my sub-conscious for help and the only way to do that is to contact me while I'm asleep."
"Very good children," Chrystal interjected.
"But why did she contact me?" Amanda asked.
"You were the last one to contact her," Mary said "Just after we arrived, first you spoke with her and then you read her thoughts later on."
"But the second time her mind was full of images as if I was watching her dream," Amanda said "She didn't know I had probed her."
"Not consciously," Justin added. "But maybe you left an imprint on her sub-conscious. So when her sub-conscious reached out it found the imprint and matched it to you."
"Your deductions are very well reasoned." Chrystal said. "Trust yourselves. You can be logical too."
"I think that was a shot," Mary said.
"Once again you've been very helpful." Andrew told Chrystal. "It is much appreciated."
"My pleasure Emperor," Chrystal said. 
"Thanks Chrystal," Amanda said.
"Keep me informed. Chrystalina out."
* * * * * *
"We're ready Commander."
"Proceed."




Chapter 7
Andriana awoke in strange surrounding. She was lying on the ground surrounded by trees and plants. It took her a few minutes, but she soon realized she was in her simulator. Slowly she sat up and then regretted the action as her head began to throb. She put up her hand as if in attempting to stop the throbbing by thought alone. As she did so she found a bump where she had obviously struck her head an a rock. Finally she was able to convince herself to ignore the pain and stand up, and she brushed the dirt from her clothes.
"Computer what is the time?" she asked.
"The time is thirteen hundred hours," the computer replied.
"Has the Emperor returned yet?" she asked.
"Affirmative. Emperor Mackensie is in his quarters."
"It's about time," Andriana muttered. "Computer end program," she added exiting the room and returning to the royal quarters swiftly, regardless of her throbbing head.
* * * * * *
Andrew and the others were discussing what to do next in their investigation. Amanda had spent the whole morning trying to figure out a way to contact Andriana while Jayson, Leslie and Emily had been questioning people in the palace. No one was prepared for the new arrival.
Andriana entered in the midst of a sudden silence, which lasted no more than a few seconds more at her arrival.
Andrew looked up as the door opened.
"AN!" he exclaimed as his sister stumbled in.
"Andy what's going on?" she asked right before she collapsed.
Andrew bolted to his sister's side.
"She's been hurt," he said noticing the bump on her head.
Mary joined Andrew and examined the injury.
"It looks like she's had a fall," She reported. "She may have passed out from the exhaustion of trying to ignore the pain."
"Can you revive her?" Justin asked.
"Yet but it'll take a minute," Mary said.
Andrew watched Mary’s expression intently as she moved to put her hand on Andriana's head, then she hesitated and turned to Andrew.
"What?" he asked anxiously.
"You should be able to do this too," she said. "Have you ever been able to use the healing powers?"
"I wasn't aware there were healing powers," Andrew admitted. "But now’s not the time for experiments."
"Try it. She‘s in no danger," Mary said. "Put your hand on her head and concentrate. Feel the pain of her injury. Take it into your hand and make it melt away like a block of ice in the sun. Let the remnants of it flow through you and disappear."
As Mary spoke and Andrew followed her directions the bump slowly began to shrink. Within ten minutes Andriana's eyes slowly fluttered open again.
"What happened?" Andriana murmured.
"You passed out," Mary said as she and Andrew helped the Empress to her feet.
"Are you all right Empress?" Justin asked.
Andriana flung her arms around Justin's neck and kissed him as she would have done had she not collapsed. As they parted Justin repeated his question.
"I'm just a little confused," Andriana replied. "What are you doing here and where have you been Andy?"
"What do you mean where have I been?" Andrew asked. "You're the one who's been missing for three weeks."
"What do you mean missing?" Andriana asked.
"You went missing four weeks ago," Justin said. "Andrew asked us to come and help find you."
"I left the Imperial city to get some peace," Andriana said. "But I thought I told you about that."
"No you didn't," Andrew said. "An, last time I saw you, you said you were going for a short walk."
"I was sure I told you about my trip," Andriana said. "I'm sorry I worried you and made you go all the way to Chrystalina for help." 
"We also came to see if we could help you deflect the Rebellion," Luke said.
"That is a problem we could use your help with," Andriana agreed. "Our powers are too weak to do much good."
"We have reason to believe it’s all about practice." Mary said "And experimenting." She glanced at Andrew who nodded curtly.
"We'll do what we can both for the Empire and to help you master your powers," Jeremy said. "Now that our group is a little older, all eight of us have powers which may prove useful."
"There are eight of you now?" Andriana asked.
"There were eight when we first came to Chrystalina," Andrew explained. "We only met the older four."
Just then Amanda stepped forward. Andriana studied her for a moment.
"Are you one of the younger children?" she asked.
Amanda nodded.
"Your name is Amanda," Andriana continued. "It's strange I feel like I've met you before and yet I know we never met at Chrystalina."
"Maybe you had a dream of the future in which you saw her," Andrew suggested.
"Maybe," Andriana agreed, "though I usually remember those dreams."
"Maybe it'll come back to you in time," Justin said. "But for formality sake these are my youngest sisters Amanda and Emily, Luke's sister Leslie and Jeremy's brother Jayson."
"I'm pleased to meet you all," Andriana said. "As Andrew has probably already expressed your offer of help is very welcome and..." she added to Justin "I am especially glad we have met once again. Now I can show you my world."
"I look forward to the experience My Lady." Justin said taking Andriana's hand and kissing it, before they embraced and kissed once more.
"I saw that coming." Mary sighed with slight disapproval.
"Get use to it." Andrew said. "An's been saving up for this."
"So has Justin," Mary said with a shudder.
"This is going to be a long trip," Luke commented.
Jeremy nodded in agreement.
"The more stubborn Mary gets about her feelings towards the Empire, the longer it will get," he added.
"Before all else I think Andriana should get some rest," Mary suggested finally "That bump was really nasty and though Andrew healed it you should take a couple of hours and relax."
"Really I'm fine," Andriana insisted.
"Mary's right," Justin agreed. "She has good instincts about healing powers. You're injury exhausted you more than you think."
"How do you know?" Andriana asked.
"You forget I have full control of my powers. I can read your thoughts," Justin said.
"Maybe it would be a good idea," Andriana finally agreed. "I am a bit tired. If you'll excuse me."
The others waited till Andriana had left the room then discussed her return.
"Something is very wrong here," Andrew said "They've done something to her."
"Could you really read her mind?" Amanda asked.
"No, I thought I might convince her to take Mary's advice but I couldn‘t get through," Justin said. "It was like she wasn't really there and yet she was. They must still have some kind of hold on her."
"She's still in the dream state. It may affect communications," Amanda said. "We need to try and get her out of it now, that's what presents the most danger to her."
* * * * * *
As Andriana sat on her bed a strange sensation came over her. Her mind clouded over and only one thought came to her. She reached into her pocket and took out a small communicator.
A voice spoke to her.
"Hear me Empress. You are still under my command. From this moment you will once again relive a memory with your parents at the sound of the word "power". When a door opens you will either hear or see your parents. Do you understand."
"Yes," Andriana said.
"Good, now put away the communicator and go on with your day."
Andriana put the communicator in a drawer and lay down on her bed.
* * * * * * 
Briana turned off her communicator and smiled up at her father.
"The implant works perfectly," She said. "She falls under my control any time it is activated."
"Good work my dear," Jaimson commented. "Your plan is working well."
"Thank you father," Briana said. "I intend to keep it that way."
* * * * * *
"First we need to find out how she got into this state," Jayson said.
"Whatever this state is," Emily added.
"She's in a dream state. It's like she's awake and asleep at the same time," Amanda said. "I can't really pinpoint a name to the problem though."
"What about hypnosis," Justin said suddenly.
"I didn't mean we should make up a name," Amanda said.
"Hypnosis could cause a state much like you described," Luke explained. "It's a form of mind control that doesn't require powers of the Amulet."
"People used hypnosis on Earth a long time before our planets were colonized," Jeremy added.
"What for?" Leslie asked.
"Mostly to get others to do things for them," Mary replied. "Whether they liked it or not."
"How?" Emily asked.
"If I remember correctly, the victims are put into a hypnotic trance, which is sort of like sleeping but the sub-conscious is aware of the victim's surroundings like one would be if they were conscious," Justin explained.
"Back up. I'm confused," Emily interrupted.
"Remember we told you about the connection between the sub-conscious and dreams," Luke began. "When we're asleep our sub-conscious is only awake enough to create dreams but in a hypnotic trance the sub-conscious is awake enough to be semi aware of its surroundings."
"At this level the memory in the sub-conscious can be programmed like a computer," Jeremy added. "Once programmed, the ideas or commands become a priority. The victim is compelled to comply with the commands. Though they are usually unaware of what they are doing."
"If all this applied to my sister, how did An's sub-conscious manage to reach Amanda?" Andrew asked.
"I suspect it has something to do with the Amulet." Justin said "An's mind control powers might interfer with the hypnosis."
"There's one question we're overlooking," Jayson spoke up. "If she has been hypnotized what exactly has she been programmed to do?"
* * * * * *
A short time later Andrew stepped over to where Mary was standing by the balcony doors.
"Thank you," he said.
Mary glanced back at him.
"For what?" she asked.
"I had no idea I had the power to heal," Andrew replied "Thank you for showing me."
Mary shrugged her shoulders.
"I’m sure you would have discovered it eventually," she said, then she glanced at him again. "You’re welcome."
Silence fell.
"How long have you know you had the healing touch?" Andrew asked.
"Since the day of the invasion," Mary replied looking back out the window "We found an injured fox and… it was just instinct. No one else has shown healing powers but I expect if need arose… I hope it’s not needed right now."
"So do I." Andrew said.
Silence fell.
"Did you love your grandfather?" Mary asked. "Apart from loyalty I mean?"
"Yes," Andrew replied. "He was our only relative after our parents died."
Mary didn’t reply for a moment.
"I’m sorry," she said.
"For what?" Andrew asked curiously.
"That you didn’t have the knowledge or the power to save him." Mary replied.
Andrew was silent for a moment.
"He was already dead when we found him," he said. "Thinking back I don’t think I could have saved him even if I knew how."
Mary nodded.
"Sounds like you have a healers instinct after all," she said. "Work with it. Don’t doubt what you haven’t tried or have failed at."
Andrew nodded.
"I’m starting to get that," he replied.
* * * * * *
Andriana tried to rest but she wasn't really tired. Finally she gave up trying. She got up and turned on her computer terminal to read a book. She soon turned it off again having found she didn't really want to read either. In the end she decided resting time was over. She wanted to be with Justin.
"I supposed I should freshen up first," she thought looking at herself in the mirror and realizing she looked like a mess. "That's more like it," she said approvingly looking at her mirror a few minutes later.
Andriana went to the door but when it opened she jumped back half a step when she caught a glimpse of what she thought were her parents, standing in front of her. It was only a glimpse however, and she soon recovered herself and continued through the door.
Andrew happened to turn from his conversation with Mary as his sister stepped back before coming out of her room.
"Are you okay An?" Andrew asked. 
"Yeah. I just couldn't sleep," Andriana replied, "especially when we have visitors."
"Are you sure you're okay Empress. You did get a nasty bump on your head," Justin asked walking over to An and taking her hands in his.
"I'm fine," Andriana said. "Besides, I've been waiting too long to do this as it is."
With that Andriana leaned over to kiss Justin, who met her half way. For the next few moments they shared a long awaited passionate kiss and a long embrace.
Mary opened her mouth to comment but Luke who stood closest to her, nudged her to be silent. Mary glared at him but didn't say anything.
Andrew too kept silent knowing his sister had longed for his moment for three years.
Finally the lovers stepped apart and turned back to the rest of the group.
"Now that you've got that out of your systems..." Mary began quickly. "I'm curious, where did you go all the time your brother thought you were missing?"
"I went to visit a friend I met on a diplomatic mission to the city of Jasia," Andriana replied.
"Was it anyone I know?" Andrew asked.
"No," Andriana replied "Her name is Tasia. I only met her once but I've been corresponding with her for some time since."
"Why didn't you keep in touch while you were gone?" Justin asked.
"I didn't think I needed to because I thought Andrew knew where I was."
"Did you know how long you were going to stay when you left?" Luke asked.
"I don't remember exactly," Andriana said. "What's this all about? You sound like you don't believe me."
"We believe you," Jeremy told her. "We were just concerned."
"I suppose I shouldn't have left for so long without checking back at some point," Andriana agreed. "Especially considering Jaimson's threats to the Empire."
"Speaking of which. What's our next move?" Amanda asked.
"Andriana's reappearance does sort of change things," Mary said.
She didn’t mean it to sound as a disparaging remark but her feelings concerning Justin’s inevitable heart break came out in her tone and Andriana picked up on it.
"I'm sorry if my presence is an inconvenience to you," Andriana said.
"No more than usual but don't blame yourself," Mary retorted.
"You're on my world this time..." Andriana began.
"Believe me I'm all too aware of that and I'm just as happy about it as you are if not less," Mary replied.
"Okay that's enough you two," Justin interrupted. "We're not going to get anywhere if you two start tearing each other apart."
"Tell her. She's the one with the chip on her shoulder," Andriana said.
"May I remind you Empress, you were the one uttering threats a moment ago," Mary said. "Okay. I'll make this very simple. I can almost take the fact that you're in love with Justin. I'm not even opposed to the idea of helping you fend off Jaimson, but the bottom line is I'm here for the benefit of my planet just like before, I take orders from no one."
With that Mary left the room and returned to her quarters. She figured she'd probably said enough. She needed to cool off. As she also figured a few minutes later Jeremy and Luke followed her and rang the door buzzer.
"Come in guys," Mary called.
"Are you okay?" Luke asked.
"Yeah, but I figured I'd better quit before I went too far," Mary said.
"You've got to learn to work with them," Jeremy said "You might have almost had a civil moment with Andrew and don’t deny it because we both saw you. It won't do our cause any good if you and Andriana start fighting."
"Don't worry. I've said all I intend to for now," Mary said turning to sit on her bed.
"I know you want to got home, Mare, but we need you," Luke said after a short silence.
Mary looked up in surprise then realized Luke had just probed her mind when she had fallen silent.
"I'm beginning to hate the mind control power," Mary muttered.
"It has its advantages when you decide to keep things to yourself," Jeremy said.
"I'll remember to try not to be so obvious," Mary said.
"Mare, you know you can confide in us," Luke said.
"When have we ever broken a confidence," Jeremy agreed.
"I've never doubted our friendship," Mary said smiling almost shyly. "I don't always know when I need to talk until you two show up."
* * * * * *
"You're sister is as high strung as I remember her," Andriana said.
"Mary isn't high strung," Amanda said defensively. "She just has a tendency to dislike people who pose a threat to her or her planet."
"Don't you start too," Justin warned.
"I'm not starting anything," Amanda said. "I'm just stating a fact."
"I’ve been though this argument and it’s pointless," Andrew said. "The simple fact is your sister has got to get over this grudge she's carrying towards us or we'll never get anywhere."
"It's not all Mary's fault," Leslie said "It was your Empire that started it." 
"If you hadn't come to try to take over you might be a little more popular," Emily added.
"Okay that's enough girls," Mary interrupted as she and the boys entered the room. "We can fight later, Luke and Jem talked me down and I apologize for getting ahead of myself."
"There's a revelation. The girl does have some sense," Andriana muttered.
"Don't start that again," Andrew told her.
"We're wasting time here," Justin spoke up. "We need to focus on the problem at hand. How do we find Jaimson and keep him out of power."
At the mention of the word "power", Andriana stiffened then she fell to her knees.
"I don't want to go to school today Mom," she said to Mary "I don't like the other kids. They make fun of me because I'm royalty."
"AN, what are you talking about?" Andrew asked.
"They think the teacher favors me and Andy." Andriana contended. "Please don't make me go."
Andriana looked up at Mary pleadingly.
"Play along, Mare." Jeremy whispered "Tell her she doesn't have to go."
"Of course you don't have to go today." Mary said. She went over and helped Andriana up. "Why don't you go back to bed for a while?" she added leading Andriana to her room.
"Thank you, Mother," Andriana said and entered her quarters. 
Mary motioned for Andrew to follow and went in after Andriana.
"I want to try something but I'll need your help," Mary said as Andriana lay down. "This little episode proves they've done something to her. She needs healing but for now all I can suggest for her is sleep. I‘ve only ever done it on Les and Em when they were young."
"What do you want me to do?" Andrew asked.
"Use your mind and touch hers." Mary explained "Suggest sleep to her, make her think she's exhausted."
"But how? I can't even read her thoughts," Andrew asked.
"Do what I showed you to heal her only this time convey the thoughts to her." Mary explained.
"I'll try," Andrew said uncertainly.
"Believe in your healing ability." Mary said.
He touched Andriana's forehead and Mary did the same and closed her eyes. For a moment Andrew watched the young master healer across from him. He found himself thinking how amazed he was that a girl who could hold such a grudge against his entire world could be so empathetic and intuitive and have such a gentle teaching method and bedside manner even towards him and his sister. Suddenly he realized he wasn’t helping, as he was supposed to be. He closed his eyes and began to concentrate. After a few minutes Mary broke his concentration.
"She's asleep," Mary whispered. "She won't wake for a while."
"How did you learn these techniques?" Andrew asked.
"I told you it’s all by instinct. I learned that one three years ago when Em or Les couldn't sleep because they were home sick," Mary said. "But it's easier when you're either on the telepathy stage or you've got all your powers, because it’s part mind control and part healing. It's exhausting to use a power of a different stage for a job like that."
"Is An all right?" Justin asked.
"Yeah she'll be fine for now," Mary said "She's in a healing sleep now, she won't be up for a while."
"I've got to hand it to you, Mare. You sure do know how to handle a crisis situation," Luke commented.
"That was nothing," Mary said. "The crisis is yet to come."




Chapter 8
Briana Jaimson walked down the corridor to where two men stood guarding a door.
"Turn the force field off. I have food for our guests," Briana commanded.
The guards complied and Briana entered the dimly lit room and set the food tray on the floor.
"I thought I would check on you myself," Briana said. "Father wants you to be comfortable."
"Comfortable?" Christina Mackensie repeated "Why would he care anyway?"
"Father is trying to be nice," Briana said. "He can be nasty when he wants to though."
"We're fine thank you," James Mackensie said insincerely.
"Good," Briana said and turned to leave then she stopped a moment. "Oh by the way I thought you might like to know your daughter has been set free."
"Oh thank Goodness!" Christina exclaimed.
"What about Andrew?" James asked.
"He has returned," Briana said.
James and Christina sighed with relief.
"Why did you tell us this?" Christina asked suspiciously.
"I'm not without compassion," Briana said. "I thought it might be more bearable to know they are together. Know that we have no wish to change that...Just change their status of power."
"They will defeat you," James said.
"We shall see," Briana said. "The hour draws near when the outcome will be known." 
* * * * * *
"The question is what made Andriana react like that," Jayson said.
"I probed her mind just after she collapsed," Amanda said. "I was looking through the eyes of an eight year old. She saw Mary but not as Mary. Andriana actually thought she was talking to her mother."
"An and I had a lot of trouble going to school with the other children in the Imperial City," Andrew said. "Mother and Father thought it would be good for us to interact with them even though Grandfather thought we shouldn't. At about eight or nine the other kids started teasing us because we were royalty. It didn't bother me much, but it got to An. She often asked to stay home. After a while, Mother and Father stopped enforcing it. We went when we felt like it, and when we didn't we stayed home and studied at home."
"It's possible then, she was reliving a memory," Amanda concluded.
"But what made her go back in time?" Emily asked.
"The hypnosis." Jayson suggested.
"They could have programmed her to relive a memory," Jeremy agreed "But what triggered it?"
"We were talking about Jaimson right before she collapsed," Luke said.
"I suppose her reaction could have been delayed," Justin agreed. "But usually hypnotic commands are triggered immediately. Besides Jaimson's name came up before and nothing happened."
"So what was the last word said before she collapsed?" Leslie asked.
"Justin said we have to stop Jaimson and keep him out of power." Amanda said.
"Power was the last word said," Mary commented. "That must be the magic word. We can try it out on her later but I wouldn't suggest we wake her yet."
"What's next?" Emily asked.
"We have to figure out how to break the hypnotic spell," Jayson said.
"And we have to find Jaimson," Jeremy added.
"Maybe we should call home and ask Chrystal for more information on hypnosis," Mary suggested.
"Seems like you've got that covered," Andrew said.
"Say hi to Chrystal for me, Mare." Luke said.
Mary nodded and went back to her room.
"Is she okay?" Justin asked Jeremy.
"Yeah, she's just homesick," Jeremy replied.
* * * * * * 
Briana sat in her father's office reading reports when the intercom beeped.
"OPS to Commander Jaimson." 
"This is Lieutenant Commander Jaimson, go ahead."
"We've picked up an outgoing transmission form the Imperial palace. It's using a signal which is not used by the communication equipment."
"On speaker."
"Mary to Chrystal. Come in, please."
"Where is the transmission headed for?" Briana asked.
"It's headed in the direction of Chrystalina."
"Keep monitoring it. Try and figure out exactly where it's coming from and going to and keep me informed. Briana out...Briana to Commander Jaimson."
"Jaimson here."
"Father it seems the Imperial twins have somehow come in contact with Chrystalina," Briana explained. "I have reason to believe there are Chrystalinians on the planet."
"How do you know this?" Jaimson asked.
"A communication was intercepted for the Imperial palace to the sister planet. It was on an unfamiliar signal and the sender called herself Mary."
"Miss Bradford perhaps," Jaimson said thoughtfully. "What would they have to offer their majesties? Keep on it, my dear. Good work. Jaimson out."
Briana smile slightly to herself.
"We know where you went, My Lord. Now we'll see what good it did you."
* * * * * *
Mary came out of her room a few minutes after her departure.
"Chrystal wasn't answering," she said. "She must have been in a rest cycle. I'll try again later." Then she turned to Andrew. "Is there a simulator I could use by any chance."
"The simulators are down the hall," Andrew said. "You're welcome to use them."
"I need to work out a little," Mary explained.
"We'll fill you in later if we come up with anything," Jeremy said.
"Is she going to be like this all the time?" Andrew asked when Mary left.
"She'll be fine once she has worked out," Luke said. "Mary's quick to act when her assistance is needed, but she's not good at waiting for things to happen. Once we decide on our next move she'll concentrate more on the problem and less on home sickness."
"I hope so," Andrew said.
"You saw her with An and yet you doubt her?" Justin said.
"I know she helped An and I'm grateful but between her moods and her hatred for me, my sister and our planet..."
"Mary may dwell on things but she'll surprise you," Jeremy said. "She's ready to jump into action at any given time."
"Can we forget about that for a moment. What are we going to do about the problem?" Jayson asked.
"You, Mandy, Em and Les should continue your search for clues on Andriana's disappearance," Jeremy said. "We'll try to find a way to break the trance.
"Where is Les anyway?" Luke asked.
"I think she followed Mary," Emily said.
"I guess that saves me the trouble of checking on her," Luke said. "Let's get to business."
"You three be careful," Justin said. "Jaimson's spies could be anywhere. Remember who you are."
"Relax Justin; you're as bad as Mary," Amanda complained.
"You better watch it I'm older than her. I'm liable to be worse than she is," Justin said.
"Uh oh let's go before he changes his mind and makes us stay here," Emily teased.
* * * * * * 
Leslie sat on a grassy hillside and watched and cheered as Mary fought against a computer generated attacker with her lightning sword. 
Suddenly Mary tripped over a large stone that jutted out of the ground. Mary fell and the sword went flying extinguishing the moment it left Mary's hand but the computer attacker kept coming.
"Computer Freeze program!" Leslie yelled as she ran over to Mary. "Are you all right Mare?"
Mary sat up and nodded.
"I didn't expect that," she said.
"I didn't think it was planned," Leslie said. "Did you hurt yourself?"
"I think I might have twisted my ankle," Mary said.
Leslie examined the ankle.
"Do you think you can walk on it?" Leslie asked.
Mary tried to get up but then sat down again.
"No. I think I'm not as okay as I thought," Mary said. "I'm realizing now my ankle really hurts."
Leslie gently touched the ankle.
"I don't think it's broken," she said. "Maybe I should go get the others."
"Wait! How would you know if it's broken or not?" Mary asked.
"I don't know. I just know," Leslie replied.
"Les, touch my ankle again and try the technique I showed Andrew earlier."
Leslie closed her eyes and concentrated on the injury. When she opened her eyes a few minutes later Mary was smiling.
"The pain is gone," Mary said. "Good work, Kid."
Mary gave the young healer a hug then got up and retrieved her sword.
"Computer reset…"
"Mare I know you want to keep busy but at this rate you’re going to hurt yourself badly," Leslie said.
Mary frowned.
"You know I don’t do waiting well," she said.
"I know that," Leslie said. "But I think the others are on the move and I don’t want to leave you to brood on your own."
"Brood?" Mary asked. "You know Miss Williams, you’ve gotten very out spoken lately." 
"It’s kinder than what our host is thinking," Leslie said. "He thinks you’re avoiding him because maybe you’re starting to think he’s not as bad as you originally had him pegged."
"Do tell," Mary said. "What else does the young Emperor think."
"He concerned you’ll let your dislike for him, his sister and this planet get in the way of good judgement and our ultimate goal," Leslie replied.
"He doesn’t know me very well does he," Mary said.
"No," Leslie replied. "But you can’t avoid him forever or work yourself to injury trying."
"That’s not what I’m doing," Mary said.
She sighed.
"Come on let's go tell your brother about your new found talent," Mary said as they turned to the door. "Computer end program."
* * * * * *
"OPS to Lieutenant Commander Jaimson."
"Go ahead."
"We were unable to determine where the transmission we picked up earlier was headed but we did discover that it came from guest quarters in the Royal living apartments of the Emperor and Empress."
"Good work. Contact one of out spies in the palace. Get as much information as you an about the visitors."
"Yes Ma'am."
Briana turned to her computer terminal.
"Computer go through all data relating to the Chrystalina attack three years ago," she said. "Give me all the information on the eight Chrystalinian children who eluded our forces. Include any logs pertaining to the missing Amulet."
As Briana waited she smiled to herself, her violet eyes sparkled with evil excitement.
"We must be ready for whatever comes," she said. "The battle draws closer by the minute and so does our victory."
* * * * * *
"Jem to Jay come in, please."
"Jay here."
"How's it going little brother?"
"Nothing yet. I just talked to Mandy. She and Em are having the same luck," Jayson explained.
"Listen, Mary and Leslie just got back from the simulator and Leslie wants to join the search."
"I could always use the company," Jayson said.
"If you can give me your position I'll teleport her there," Jeremy said.
"No problem. Hold on a second," Jayson said.
A few minutes later a map pinpointing Jay's position appeared. Jeremy took a few minutes to determine where the position was in relation to the Royal quarters then teleported Leslie. Then Jayson appeared again.
"She made it safe and sound," Jayson said.
"Okay, keep us informed," Jeremy said.
"And don't take any unnecessary risks," Luke added in the background.
"Tell him not to worry I'll keep her out of trouble," Jayson said.
"Keep yourself out of trouble too," Jeremy said.
"Relax. You worry too much," Jayson said.
"I talked Mom and Dad into letting you come," Jeremy said. "It's my neck if something happens to you."
"We'll be careful," Jayson promised.
"Okay we'll be waiting to hear from you later," Jeremy said. "Jem out."
Jayson closed his communicator and turned to Leslie.
"Well partner, let's get movin'," he said. "There's gotta be something or someone who saw the Empress right before she went missing."
"Let's hope we find something soon. Before Mary and the Empress get at it again," Leslie said. "Or our work will all be in vain."
Jayson nodded.
"They may kill each other yet," he agreed.
* * * * * *
"Bridge to Lieutenant Commander Jaimson."
"Report."
"We've received a report that the Emperor and Empress do have guests. They are recorded as distant relatives come for a visit. Reportedly they have been asking about the rebellion. One of our operatives suspects they could be coaxed to fight for us."
"Why is that?"
"All of them seemed to show a lust for power which they thought they would never see because the relation between them and their Highnesses was too distant."
"What about the Chrystalinian children?"
"We're still checking."
"Tell our contact to find out more about these four. We may need them if they are so power hungry."
* * * * * *
"Has the rebellion made any moves since the Empress's return?" Amanda asked a security officer.
"Not yet but we'll be ready if they do," the officer replied.
"Can't say I blame the rebellion or anyone for that matter for wanting powers and recognition," Emily commented. "It must be nice to have everyone do as you say."
"With talk like that people are liable to think we're part of the rebellion," Amanda added.
"I'm allowed to have my own opinion," Emily said.
"Not in times like these," the officer said.
Just then a communicator beeped. The security officer suddenly looked nervous.
"If you'll excuse me I have to go back to work," he stammered and quickly walked away.
"That was strange," Emily commented.
"Yeah. All of a sudden I got the feeling he's hiding something," Amanda said. "I think we should follow him."
"No arguments here," Emily said. "Let me go ahead though. You hang back and stay out of sight."
"Just be careful. Invisibility doesn't mean you can't bump into things or people."
"Gotcha," Emily said then she vanished and hurried after the officer.
* * * * * *
"Jayson and I are outside of an officer's quarters," Amanda explained over her communicator. "Leslie and Emily are inside being flies on the wall."
"What made you suspicious," Andrew asked.
"We were talking to him and all of a sudden he got really nervous and took off," Amanda explained. "I had a feeling it was significant enough to investigate."
"Are you keeping tabs on the girls?" Luke asked.
"Of course I've got my mind open to them," Amanda replied.
"Well remember to keep out of sight. If this guys turns out to be a rebel, we don't want him to be suspicious," Justin warned.
"We intend to keep a low profile," Jayson agreed. "Speaking of which I think we'd better stop transmitting till we find out what's going on in there."
"Why, what's wrong?" Mary asked.
"I don't know, I just suddenly got the feeling our communicators are giving us away," Jayson said.
"I'll check into it," Jeremy promised "Till then the communicators are off limits."
"We'll return as soon as we regroup," Amanda said. "Away team out."
* * * * * *
"I was talking to two of them before you paged me."
"Do they know whose side you're on?" 
"No, not yet."
"Good now tell me truthfully are they rebels?"
"I think so. I've run into them enough to know they want power no matter what. The fate of the Emperor and Empress matter little to them. Tell Lieutenant Commander Jaimson I await her orders."
"Done. Underground out."




Chapter 9
Leslie and Emily exhausted by the excessive use of their powers hardly dared to breathe as the officer moved to leave. Silently they followed him out and raced around a corner to where Amanda and Jayson were waiting. Only then did they reappear and begin to breathe normally before Emily passed out.
"Em!" Amanda exclaimed forgetting they were under cover.
"She must be exhausted," Jayson said.
"She worked longer than I did," Leslie agreed. "And I'll be lucky if I can make it back to the Royal living quarters."
Jayson knelt down and tried to pick up the fallen girl.
"She's too heavy," he reported "I'll have to call for back up."
"But Jay the communicators..." Amanda protested.
"I know but I can't carry her and you can't carry her."
"Why don't you teleport back to get help," Amanda suggested. "It'll be safer that way."
"I don't like leaving you here," Jayson said.
"I've got my sword I can protect myself," Amanda said.
"Okay I'll be right back," Jayson said finally then disappeared.
* * * * * *
"Jay may have been right," Jeremy said. "Our communicator signals may not be all that secure."
"So we may have already been detected?" Luke asked.
"It's possible," Jeremy confirmed. "If Jay's hunch is right we'll have to reprogram the communicators."
"Jay, what are you doing back?" Mary asked when Jayson appeared. "And where are the girls."
"Em and Leslie knocked themselves out using their powers to conceal themselves in the officer's quarters," Jayson explained. "Em collapsed and I can't carry her back myself."
"I'll give you a hand," Justin said. "Where are they?"
"No you stay Just," Mary said "I'll go. Andriana should be up soon and I know you'll want to be here. I'll check them out and teleport them back here."
"Keep alert Mare," Luke said. "We're not really supposed to be here."
"I'll be back soon," Mary said with a smile. "Let's go Jay."
* * * * * *
"I'm awfully tired Mandy," Leslie complained sitting down beside Emily.
"Jay will be back in a few moments," Amanda said. "Tell me what went on in there."
"He works for the rebels," Leslie explained. "He communicated with the base to report on us. Evidently we played our parts well, he recommended we be asked to join them."
"We figured it might happen," Amanda said thoughtfully. "Anything else?"
"Oh yeah. He referred to a Lieutenant Commander Jaimson…said he would await her orders."
"Two Jaimsons?" Amanda questioned. "That's going to be interesting...I wonder if..."
Just then Mary and Jayson appeared. Mary rushed to her youngest sister's side.
"She's not hurt," Leslie said. "She's just tired."
"What about you?" Mary asked.
"I'm tired that's all," Leslie replied.
"Okay, I'll send you back and then I'll follow," Mary said. "No questions are to be asked of Leslie till she gets some rest."
"Leslie already told me what they discovered," Amanda said.
"Good. Then we can work on a next move while they're sleeping," Jayson said.
"SHHH," Amanda whispered as she looked over at Leslie, over whom sleep had finally taken over.
"Ready?" Mary asked, then she transported the four children back and a few minutes later teleported herself.
Luke and Justin were carrying the sleeping girls to bed as Mary returned. Then Andriana emerged form her room. Immediately Mary walked over and took Emily from her brother.
"You stay. I'll put her to bed," she said.
"Thanks Mare," Justin said and walked over to Andriana.
In the bedroom Luke was sitting beside his sister watching her sleep in the dim light. Mary put Emily down and pulled the covers over her. Then turned to Luke.
"You okay?" she asked softly.
"Yeah," Luke said without looking away from his sister.
"She's fine Luke. She just needs rest," Mary said.
"I know. I guess I just started thinking about what might have happened if she hadn't been able to keep the invisibility on long enough," Luke said. "She's risking her life and all for the Empire."
"So you can see my point of view," Mary said.
"Of course I can. We all see your point of view. There's just no use in disputing it," Luke said. "There's no way around it anyway."
"Amanda was right. I think we are all being over protective," Mary said. "We've got to think of it from their points of view. Jayson is as old as we were when we fought for Chrystalina. He knows how to take care of himself and the girls."
"It's not really his responsibility though. My parents told me to watch out for Leslie," Luke argued.
"This isn't like the last time though. It's no longer possible to keep her hidden away. If it was, Mandy and Emma wouldn't be here either. We've got to trust Jay to watch out for them just like we did three years ago."
"I trust Jay enough but I still worry," Luke said "Jay wouldn't have been able to do anything if they'd been caught today."
"In an event like that he would have called one of us," Mary said "All they're doing is snooping. If they get caught they can think their way out of it. We're still the only ones in danger. As long as Jaimson doesn't find out about us they're safe and by the time the battle comes we'll be ready."
"I know you're right Mare," Luke said, "but I just need to sit here for a while."
"I understand," Mary said. "I’d stay myself if I didn’t think I should check on her Highness."
Luke smiled a little.
"It’s tough being the Master healer isn’t it." he said.
"According to your sister I won’t want to give His Highness the impression I didn’t care," Mary said.
"He knows you care," Luke said. "He’s just getting use to your way of showing it."
"I can guarantee they won't awake for a while," Mary said. "Unless it’s to tell us to back off and stop acting superior."
"Mare," Luke said as Mary turned to leave, "Thanks. I’d probably be twice as worried if it wasn’t for that handy healing instinct of yours."
"Just doing my job," she said glancing back to smile at him "I can’t be the only one brooding about this situation. Her words."
Luke laughed.
"I don’t know how she got so outspoken," he said.
"I do," Mary returned.
* * * * * *
"Feeling better?" Mary asked Andriana.
"I guess I was more tired than I thought," Andriana said. "It's funny, I don't remember leaving the room though."
"There's a complicated explanation for that," Mary said.
"Which is..." Andriana coaxed. "What happened...Did I black out or something." 
"Or something," Mary said.
"There's something you need to know, An," Andrew said and proceeded to tell Andriana what had been happening.
"I don't understand how this could be," Andriana said half an hour later. "I have no memory of being kidnapped."
"That's because they wanted you to forget," Justin said.
"And have you figured out this word that supposedly made me fall under this spell."
"Yes and it's going to be hard to avoid saying it till we can figure out how to break the spell," Jeremy said.
"Have you got any leads?" Andriana asked.
"We're working on it," Amanda said. "It all has to do with mind control. Believe it or not we spoke twice while you were gone. Once just after we arrived and once..."
"In a dream," Andriana finished thoughtfully.
"Do you remember?" Amanda asked.  
"No but I remember it being suggested when I recognized you on my return."
"We did speak in a dream. It seems to be the only way I can link my mind to yours," Amanda said.
"Removing that block must be our priority," Andrew said.
"Since Mandy first made the connection to Andriana she should keep on it," Jayson said "When the girls wake we'll start nosing around again."
"Oh that reminds me. Leslie filled me in on what she and Emily found out," Amanda said then she explained what Leslie had told her.
"Could Jaimson be married?" Jayson asked.
"He was once but she died in the same accident that killed our parents," Andrew said.
"Did he have any children?" Jeremy asked.
"I don't remember." Andrew said.
"I didn't even know he was married," Andriana confessed.
"I didn't either. Till Grandfather mentioned something about it once," Andrew said.
"Did Leslie mention if they said anything about us or Chrystalina?" Mary asked.
"No she didn't get that far," Amanda said.
"We'll have to wait till she wakes up," Justin said. "In the mean time Amanda and I will work on Andriana's condition."
"I'd like to assist you on that to," Andrew said.
"Fine. Jeremy, Mary and Luke can work on our communication problem," Justin continued. "Jay, you can help on either task till the girls wake up."
"I'll just go check on them before we get started," Mary said to Jeremy.
"I'll stick with this task then," Jayson said. "I know how much you love working with technical equipment."
"Oh, yeah, it's the key to my heart," Mary agreed sarcastically as she left the room.
Luke was still at Leslie's side.
"Feeling any better?" Mary asked.
"I've stopped questioning my decision to agree to bring Leslie," Luke said. "Mainly because she woke up and made me see that I had no choice. She would have come with or without my consent."
"A disadvantage of her power stage," Mary commented.
"What did I miss out there?" Luke asked.
"Andriana has been apprised of what's going on," Mary said. "We're supposed to help Jem secure our communicator channel, while Amanda, Justin and Andrew try to get around the hypnosis."
"I don't envy them," Luke said.
"I don't envy any of us," Mary said as they left the room.
* * * * * *
"Inside sources say the Jenkins children could be a reliable asset to our cause," Briana told Commander Jaimson.
"You are not convinced," Jaimson speculated.
"I'm not convinced they are who they claim to be," Briana said.
"Why?"
"There was no check done on them before they were admitted to the palace," Briana began. "Sources say the Emperor accepted them without question and they are living in the royal apartments."
"Explanations could be found for all those. What do you suspect?"
"We have reason to believe there are Chrystalinians on the planet. I suspect the Jenkins children are some of those Chrystalinians."
"Do you have proof?"
"Only that there are Chrystalinians on the planet. We intercepted a transmission going off this world from someone named Mary. I believe this could be Mary Bradford."
"I see. I think we need to arrange a meeting with the Jenkins children and see how genuine they are."
Briana took a small control box out of her pocket and pressed a button. Up in the Imperial palace Andriana stiffened, excused herself and went to her bed chamber where she took out a communicator and turned it on.
"Greetings Empress," Briana said. "I have a job for you."
A few minutes later Andriana emerged from her chamber and started to leave.
"An, where are you going?" Andrew asked.
"I have an errand to run," Andriana replied as if she were talking in her sleep. She also walked as if in a trance as she left the room.
"I smell trouble," Amanda said.
"Why don't you and I go for a walk," Jayson suggested holding a hand out to Amanda.
"We'll call you later," Amanda said taking Jayson's hand. 
Seemingly unaware of her escort, Andriana proceeded to leave the palace and enter the Imperial city. Past the inhabitants, down alley ways to what seemed to be a deserted part of the city. She stopped in front of a building and turned towards the corner where Amanda and Jayson were standing. Then she crumpled to the ground. Amanda and Jayson immediately rushed to her side.
"Fear not, my friends. She's only sleeping," A female voice spoke out.
Amanda and Jayson looked up to see who had spoken. A figure emerged slightly from the doorway in front of them. A hooded cloak and dark sunglasses hid her face from view. 
"Who are you?" Amanda demanded. "And what have you done to the Empress."
"My identity is of no consequence for now. Nor is the Empress's condition."
"Then what do you want?" Jayson asked.
"First tell me. Am I correct in assuming that you are Alan and April Jenkins?"
"You haven't revealed anything to us, why should we tell you anything," Amanda asked.
The girl sighed.
"Fine. Have it your way," she said. "Come in and all will be explained." 
"Why should we trust you," Jayson asked.
"You don't have to," the girl said.
Amanda and Jayson then heard footsteps behind them as two armed officers approached.
"Come in and we can talk," The girl said. "Have the Empress brought back to the palace...And be discreet." she added to the officers.
The girl led Amanda and Jayson down a hallway to a living room area where a few sticks of furniture had been left by the previous owner. The girl sat down and motioned for Amanda and Jayson to do the same. Only then did she pull back the hood that shadowed her face. She was young, possibly no more than 15 years, though with her dark curls pulled back and the dark glasses, which seemed to adjust to a slightly more translucent look, she could have been older.
"My name is Captain Brigette Atkins," she explained. "Of the Imperial rebel group. We are currently looking for new supporters who are willing to be our spies inside the Imperial Palace. Our sources say you may be willing."
"That depends on what we get if the rebellion succeeds," Amanda said.
"You see, Captain. My sister and I are not interested in spying for free," Jayson continued.
"Of course. We have every intention of compensating you for your work. You will be paid handsomely."
"Money does not interest us," Amanda said.
"My sister means that we were thinking of a different form of payment once the rebellion wins." Jayson said quickly.
"Name your price."
"Power and status," Jayson said. "In addition to enough money to live on."
Captain Atkins considered this for a moment and nodded.
"Very well. We will provide you with money to live on and you will gain your power and status eventually provided you do your jobs," Captain Atkins agreed. "Now do we have a deal?"
"We will need some time to discuss this with our sisters." Amanda said. "Out of courtesy. I have no doubt they will agree but feelings might be hurt if we didn't discuss it with them first."
"I understand completely," Captain Atkins replied.
"Give us one week to consider the offer." Jayson said.
"Very well, we will return to this meeting place in one week and finalize the agreement," Captain Atkins said as she rose.
Jayson and Amanda did the same and followed the Captain to the door.
"Till we meet again," she said. "I shall send an escort so you won't get lost on your way to the palace." she suggested motioning to one of the guards at the door.
"That won't be necessary," Amanda said "My brother has a wonderful sense of direction."
"I insist. You are strangers in the Imperial city. One can easily get lost here." 
"We thank you for your concern Captain," Jayson said. "Till next time."
With that Amanda and Jayson followed the guard back to the palace. Neither of them spoke till they reached the palace. Amanda thanked the escort and she and Jayson entered the palace.
"Do you think we convinced her?" Jayson asked as they returned to the Royal quarters.
"She didn't convince me," Amanda said.
"What do you mean?" Jayson asked.
"I got the feeling she wasn't who she claimed to be," Amanda replied "I got the feeling she was trying to look older than she looked."
"Did you read her?" Jayson asked.
"I couldn't," Amanda said. "It was like she had a barrier up which prevented me form connecting to her thoughts and it almost actually pushed me away."
"Then how do you know she was lying?" Jayson asked.
"I don't for sure." Amanda said "It's just a feeling I'm getting."
"Maybe the others can find an explanation." Jayson said as they walked on.




Chapter 10
Andriana returned alone and confused and with no memory of Amanda and Jayson's whereabouts.
"The last thing I remember I was sitting on the couch listening to a discussion on how to handle my current mental state. Then I found myself walking towards the palace from the City," Andriana explained.
"You don't remember anything?" Justin asked.
Andriana shook her head.
"You said you had an errand to run," Andrew explained. "Jayson and Amanda followed."
"I never saw them," Andriana said. "I don't even remember leaving."
"Jaimson will pay for this," Andrew muttered.
"Yes, Andrew we know," Mary said. "You say that every time we find another clue. Enough already."
"I'm sorry if my frustration annoys you," Andrew said. "Can you say you would react any differently?"
"Business before pleasure," Mary said.
"That’s rich coming from you," Andrew replied.
"One may overlook something if one looks too far ahead at the pleasure of seeing the scum rot," Mary returned.
"Mary knows from experience that dwelling on things only slows down progress," Luke said teasingly.
"Lots of experience," Jeremy added.
"You two be quiet," Mary said. "Before I find a lake and teleport you in it."
Just then Amanda and Jayson returned.
"Where have you been?" Justin asked.
"Are Emily and Leslie up yet? They should hear this," Amanda said.
 Once the youngest girls were summoned Amanda and Jayson explained.
* * * * * *
Briana returned from her meeting with Alan and April Jenkins with no more trust in them than before. She stopped at her father's office and rang the buzzer.
"Come," her father called.
Briana pulled the clip out of her hair as she stepped in.
"Back so soon my dear?" Jaimson asked.
"Yes sir," Briana said.
"How did it go?" Jaimson asked motioning for her to sit down.
"Alan and April Jenkins claim to be willing to join our cause," Briana reported. "But they refused to agree on anything without conferring with their younger siblings."
"What are your thoughts about it?" Jaimson asked.
"They seemed sincere but I got the feeling there's more than meets the eye about them," Briana said.
"Why do you say that?" 
"I got the distinct feeling one of them was trying to read my mind," Briana replied.
* * * * * *
"We now know they still have control of Andriana," Amanda finished. "She was told to lead us to the meeting place. Her mind was full of images of what she was seeing but that was all."
"How could you read her though?" Justin asked "I tried and couldn't even get images."
Amanda shrugged her shoulders.
"I just did," she said.
"The strange thing is Amanda found she couldn't read Captain Atkins," Jayson said.
"It was like someone pushed me away," Amanda agreed.
"I don't like the sound of that," Mary said. "If you were pushed away she may have realized what you tried to do."
"I wouldn't worry about it, Mare," Luke said. "They can't make much of it. I doubt she even felt it."
"It won't lead back to us," Jeremy agreed "They don't know about the Amulet."
 "Oh I know," Mary said, "but it may make a difference. The rebels may be more insistent on having the Jenkins' join them if Amanda or as they see it possibly Jayson many be of some use."
"I don't think we should refuse them anyway," Leslie said.
"It's not like we'll be in much more danger," Emily added. "All they want us to do is spy for them."
"You make it sound so simple," Andriana said. "The moment they suspect something...You won't know what hit you."
"You know, you're as bad as they are," Leslie said to her.
"I think it might be more dangerous for them not to accept," Andrew said. "They will act as double agents. Pretending to work for the rebels while they are actually spying for us."
"But Andy isn't that more dangerous?" Andriana asked. "I mean one suspicious move and..."
"Think about it though, An. If they don't accept the rebels will get suspicious anyway," Andrew pointed out.
"It's about time someone saw our side," Emily said.
"We have a week to decide at any rate," Jayson said. "We have other things to worry about now."
"Right. We still have to figure out why I'm able to get through to Andriana's mind, who Captain Atkins is really, who this second Jaimson is and how to contact Chrystal without discovery." Amanda agreed. 
"The last problem is fixed already," Mary said. "We talked to Chrystal just before Andriana returned."
"The line is now coded so only the control room or another communicator can pick it up," Jeremy explained.
"Is that going to affect any interfacing we do with the Jerico computers?" Jayson asked.
"It shouldn't, because an interface would use a different link than a communications channel connection," Jeremy replied.
"Maybe we should ask Chrystal about Amanda's extra sensitivity to the mind control," Luke suggested.
"I just have one question," Andriana interrupted. "Who's Chrystal?"
"She's sort of our computer," Amanda explained.
"She's a computer generated image which enables us to interact with the computer," Justin said.
"You have a computer back home?" Andriana asked.
"Chrystalina isn't as primitive as we were led to believe, An," Andrew explained.
"That's only to the Children of the Amulet." Mary said.
"As far as the rest of our world is concerned, our society is as primitive as Jerico thought we were," Luke added.
"I see I have a few things to catch up on yet," Andriana said.
"Let's start by introducing you to our home base team," Justin said turning on his communicator. "Justin to Chrystal. Come in."
"Chrystal here. What can I do for you, Justin?"
"I wanted to introduce you to someone," Justin said, handing the communicator to Andriana as he continued. "Chrystal Bradford meet Empress Andriana Mackensie."
"I am honored to meet you, Empress," Chrystal said. "I was glad to hear that you had returned safely."
"Thank you," Andriana said. "I'm glad to meet you, but I was told you were a computer image. How do you talk as if you were human?"
"I was once," Chrystal replied. "I was considered the co-founder of Chrystalina. My memories and personality were programmed into the computer so that it would have an interactive figure as the main control system."
"I'm surprised our planet has not yet used that technology," Andriana said. "I commend you and your group who built this system. It's very intriguing, not to mention impressive."
"Thank you, Empress." Chrystal said. "That is a great compliment."
"I hate to interrupt this insightful meeting, but we are wasting precious time," Mary complained.
"Was there something you needed?" Chrystal asked.
"We have had a new development," Luke said.
"Before you go on, why don't we patch this through the view screen into the conference room?" Andrew suggested.
"Excellent idea, My Lord," Chrystal said.
"How far is it from here to the conference room?" Jeremy asked.
"It's not far," Andriana said. "We should be able to reach it without detection."
"I'll go ahead and make sure the coast is clear." Andrew said.
"In that case, I'll sign off for now. Contact me when you're ready," Chrystal said.
"If you don't mind, I think I'll do a little monster fighting in the simulator instead of listening in on the meeting," Mary said when Chrystal had signed off.
"Monster fighting? What does that have to do with the problem at hand?" Andriana asked.
"I need to get a feel for this," Mary said pulling out the lightning sword.
"And you have to do this now?" Andriana questioned.
"It's pointless for us all to sit around and listen to the mind control experts decide what to do with you," Mary said. "At least this way I can practice defence skills in case of an emergency."
"Might I remind you while Jaimson has control over my mind, there probably won't be a need to learn self-defence," Andriana retorted. 
"I wouldn't count on that," Mary said. "If Jaimson wants to take over so much, he'll use you for a while and then go on to something else. I would rather be prepared, if you don't mind," she added turning to leave.
"I think it's a good idea," Jeremy said before Andriana could continue the argument. "Do you mind if I tag along?"
"Fine with me," Mary said.
"We'll fill you in later," Justin said as they left the room.
"I still say practicing self-defence is beside the point," Andriana said a few moments later. "It seems to me to be just an excuse to goof off."
"Mare and Jem wouldn't goof off at a time like this," Luke said. "Mary's frustrated at the rate things are moving. She needs to concentrate on something else. It helps her think."
"What about Jeremy?" Andriana questioned.
"He went with her to make sure she doesn't hurt herself while she's letting off steam," Luke explained.
"For someone who complains about others wasting time, you do an awful lot of it yourself," Emily complained.
"Okay. That's enough," Justin interrupted. "Chrystal's waiting."
* * * * * *
"It's bad enough when he gets on my back about my methods," Mary said as she defended herself against a computer generated opponent. "Then she has to be the centre of attention all the time. And every second that passes Justin sets himself up for the heart break when this is over…" 
"We don’t know what’s going to happen between her and Justin," Jeremy said ducking as his opponent took a swing at him with a large metal pipe. "He’s a big boy and will figure that out himself. Andrew just isn’t use to your non-imperial methods and Andriana just wants control over her own mind again. You can hardly blame her for that." 
"Does that mean we all have to continue to sit and wait either for the Rebellion to make a move or for someone to decide how to counter act the hypnosis?" Mary asked striking a fatal blow to her opponent.
"You've got to admit we were making some progress," Jeremy said defeating his opponent. "End simulation."
"I don't have to admit anything," Mary said. She frowned. "Okay we were making progress but it was slow progress."
"It's no different from our fight for Chrystalina," Jeremy said.
"Only we were on our home world," Mary said "And it was only the four of us fighting."
"We still will but Jayson and the girls need to have their turn," Jeremy said.
"How can you be so calm about that?" Mary asked. "Your brother is essentially risking his life for the Empire and you talk as if it's no big deal."
"Don't get me wrong. I worry about him but I don't let it get to me," Jeremy said. "He's almost the same age I was when we first encountered Jerico. I trust him not to take any risks that could endanger himself or the girls."
"I trust him too or I definitely would object to Mandy's and Em's participation," Mary said "But I can't help worrying a lot."
"You're just restless," Jeremy said. "You wouldn't be as anxious if you were able to do more than think about the problem...So..." he added slowly turning his sword to her. "On guard."
* * * * * *
"It's possible Amanda has an extra sensitivity to her mind control stage, which might make the ability stronger," Chrystal said. "It has happened before."
"Why me?" Amanda asked. 
"I don't know," Chrystal said. "Like I said, it's happened before. My son Sean had a sensitivity but my daughter Tiffany didn't. The occurrence seems to be a random phenomenon."
"Just when we thought we knew everything about the powers of the Amulet," Emily said absentmindedly then she put her hands over her mouth.
Andriana dropped down in front of the screen.
"I hate it when you and father go away," she said this time mistaking Chrystal as her mother. "Do you have any idea when you'll be back?"
"Can you read her now Amanda?" Chrystal asked.
Amanda opened her mind to Andriana's.
"If you look deep enough you may be about to find her sub-conscious mind," Chrystal continued.
"I'm still only getting fuzzy images of what she thinks she's seeing," Amanda reported.
"Push through those images with your mind," Chrystal instructed.
Amanda tried.
"I'm pushing but I can't get through," Amanda said.
"Keep trying," Chrystal urged.
"I am," Amanda said. "Wait I think I've loosened it..."
Just then Andriana's hallucination ended. The images changed back to what she was really seeing. As they did something pushed back at Amanda forcing her to lose her connection.
"What's going on?" Andriana asked. "Why am I on the floor."
Justin helped her up.
"You started to hallucinate again," he explained.
Amanda opened her eyes.
"I almost had it," Amanda said. "Another minute and I might have been able to get through the images."
"You did your best," Chrystal said.
"You look exhausted though," Luke said. "Why don't I walk you back to your room."
"That's a good idea," Justin said "You don't want to burn yourself out."
"A nap sounds good right now," Amanda agreed getting up. "But I don't need an escort," she added but as she walked to the door her knees began to weaken.
"I think I'll come along anyway," Luke said putting an arm around Amanda for support. "I'll be back shortly," he said as they left the room.
"I think I'll go lie down too," Andriana announced a few minutes later. "I've developed a bit of a headache all of a sudden."
"That may be as a result of the hypnosis," Chrystal said. "It would be wise to take it easy until it can be broken."
Andriana nodded and left.
A few minutes later both Andriana and Amanda had drifted into a dream state.
Andriana soon found herself alone and surrounded by darkness, then another figure appeared.
"Do you know who I am?" the figure asked.
Andriana nodded
"I need your help Empress," Amanda said. "This is the only way I can contact you." 
"Isn't this just a dream?" Andriana asked.
"Yes and No. This is a dream but I've contacted you through a dream state. I think I know how to break the state your conscious mind is in but I need your help."
"How?" Andriana asked.
"Your mind is full of images," Amanda explained. "These images have been altered by someone. This person is controlling what you see, hear and even remember. Whoever has done this has made it so that the images in your mind have formed some kind of barrier than I can't break through."
"Doesn't that mean they've created you?" Andriana asked.
"We're communicating on a sub-conscious level," Amanda said. "I'm not too clear on that myself but from what I can figure this level is the only thing they can't program. It's all buried behind the wall of images they have implanted in your mind. I need to break that wall in order to break their control."
"How can I help though?" Andriana asked.
"You've got to try to break through the images. You've got to convince yourself that some of what you see isn't real. In most instances the images will involve your parents. Those instances most of all are full of created images."
"I'm not sure if I can help," Andriana said.
"You've got to try," Amanda said. "Convince yourself you have to get through the images and reach out to me. I'll be trying to reach you from the other side."
"I'll do my best," Andriana promised.
"Good luck Andriana." 
"And to you Amanda. May the Amulet guide us to success."
Then the dream faded and both girls awoke. Andriana had no memory of the dream but it had left an impression in her mind that told her to go and talk to Amanda.
Amanda sat up, no longer feeling tired and stretched. The dream had not left her overly confident that her message had gotten through but she had done all she could for now. Amanda sat on her bed for a moment and replayed the dream in her mind. She was just about to return to the conference room when the buzzer sounded.
"Come in," Amanda called.
Andriana stepped into the room.
"Tell me honestly. Do you really think you can break Jaimson's control and if you can what can I do to help you?"




Chapter 11
While Amanda and Andriana struggled to fix the mind control problem the others discovered another problem that had just risen.
As Luke returned to the conference room he stopped to see Mary and Jeremy and fill them in on what they had missed.
"Sounds like you've made some progress," Jeremy commented. 
"It's still slow going though," Luke said. "The mind link totally wiped Mandy out."
"And Andriana isn't much help I suppose," Mary said.
"The episode wiped her out too," Luke said.
"What do you think, Mare? Are you ready to take another crack at it?" Jeremy asked.
Mary shrugged.
"I suppose," she said deactivating her sword.
"You should try that program," Jeremy said to Luke "It's just like fighting in the fields and forests back home."
"Rocks and all," Mary said. "Almost broke my ankle the first time I tried it."
"Like you did when we were sparing a couple of months after Jerico left the first time," Luke asked as they walked through the door.
"I still think you should have warned me about that," Mary said.
"We did," Both boys told her.
"But you thought I was trying to break your concentration and over you went," Luke said.
"Do you have to remind me of anything that I've done to make me look stupid?" Mary asked.
"Who else is going to do it?" Jeremy replied.
Suddenly Luke spun around and looked behind him.
"What's up?" Jeremy asked.
"I think our cover has just been blown," Luke said "Someone was following us."
"Did you see who it was?" Mary asked.
"I just caught a glimpse," Luke said. "Come on. Let's get back to the conference room."
As they hurried off a figure stepped out of the shadows and pulled out a communicator.
"Briana to Commander Jaimson. I've spotted them Sir. There are Chrystalinians on the planet."
Mary, Luke and Jeremy practically flew to the conference room.
"Bad news guys," Luke said "We've been spotted."
* * * * * *
"Honestly I don't know if I can help you," Amanda admitted, "but I know I can't do it alone."
"What can I do?" Andriana asked sitting on the bed beside Amanda.
"I don't know if it's possible but the next time you fall into a trance or a memory or whatever, you've got to fight it off. Convince yourself you are dreaming and you need to wake up. I'll be trying to wake you up through a mind link. It's a long shot but..."
"It's all we've got," Andriana said. "And it's worth a try. When do we begin?"
"As soon as we find the others," Amanda said getting up. "Oh and maybe you should get your half of the Amulet. I know Mary has ours. Maybe it'll have an effect on us."
"Maybe it'll lead us to success," Andriana agreed as she placed the Amulet around her neck a few minutes later.
"Let's hope so," Amanda said as they returned to the conference room.
* * * * * * 
"Everything is running smoothly here, Father. The construction of the cloaking shield is almost complete. Barring any complications, it may be finished ahead of schedule." 
"Good work son." Commander Jaimson said over the long range communication "If you do get finished early you should come back to take part in our victory here." 
"I would like that very much, sir."
"Good," Jaimson said proudly. "I'll let your get back to work then."
"Send my regards to Briana. New home world out."
Commander Jaimson leaned back thoughtfully in his chair as he reflected on the success of his master plan to replace the old rule of the Empire with a new one...His.
Suddenly the door buzzer broke his thoughts.
"Come," Jaimson called.
"You wanted to see me Father?" Briana said stepping in.
"Ah yes Briana my dear. I was just wondering something," Jaimson said "You were in the Imperial Palace recently but I distinctly remember telling you to let our contacts handle things there."
"Yes Sir you did but our contacts were getting no new information," Briana said nervously. "I was afraid you would lose confidence in me if something didn't happen."
"But it isn't your fault there was no new news," Jaimson said.
"No Sir but you put me in charge. It would have been irresponsible of me not to make sure everything was being done to get information."
Jaimson smiled.
"Very well put my dear. It pleases me to see that responsibility is a priority for you. Good work my dear."
"Thank you father," Briana said relaxing a little.
"Now tell me what you saw."
"I recognized the Chrystalinians from your description," Briana explained. "I only saw three of them but I doubt they were alone."
"Can you identify them?"
"Mary Bradford, Luke Williams, and Jeremy Mackensie," Briana replied. "They came out of the Empress's simulator."
"Conclusions."
"This development strengthens my belief that the Jenkins children are not who they claim to be. I formally request permission to investigate this personally."
"You never quit," Jaimson said amusedly. "Permission granted. Keep me informed."
"Yes Sir. Thank you Sir," Briana said.
"Oh, and Briana, after your persistence in this matter I realize my faith in you was not misplaced."
"I will never prove you wrong, Sir," Briana said.
"Good. Dismissed."
Yes things were shaping up nicely and by the looks of it his heirs would follow him and make him proud.
* * * * * *
"We can't panic yet," Justin said. "Jaimson was bound to discover us sooner or later. What we need to concentrate on is their control over Andriana. Then we can concentrate of fending off the rebellion."
"I agree," Chrystal said. "Andriana may have some clues locked in her mind that may help."
"That's only assuming I can get through," Amanda said. "Andriana may or may not be able to aid me."
"Try to think positively Mandy," Mary said. "You've got to believe in yourself or there's no use in trying."
"Mary's right. If you believe you'll fail, you will," Luke said.
"And if you believe you can do it, you will," Jeremy added.
"I'll try," Amanda said.
"Don't try it. Do it," Jayson told her.
"Okay," Amanda said taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. "I can do this."
Mary took off the Amulet and handed it to Amanda, who put the chain around her neck.
"Ready?" she asked Andriana.
"Let's do it," Andriana said.
Amanda opened her mind to Andriana's. Silence filled the room. Amanda nodded to her brother when she was ready.
"Let the power guide you." 
Once again the word "power" made Andriana drift into a memory. Once the images changed Amanda began to push through the images and call out to Andriana every few seconds. Then she heard a faint voice calling back.
"I hear you Amanda," the voice said. "Help me please."
"Keep pushing back," Amanda called. "Break through their control."
"I'm trying."
Amanda continued to push against the images. Finally she felt it weakening.
"It's working," she called to Andriana.
"Hurry the dream is almost done," Andriana called.
"Push, don't let yourself see these images. Push them out of the way," Amanda instructed.
"I'm tired. I can't get through," Andriana called.
"Keep going," Amanda urged. "I can't do this on my own."
"Okay we'll push together. On three. One... two... three."
Suddenly the wall of images shattered like glass and Andriana's mind cleared.
Amanda opened her eyes and look at Andriana.
"You did it," Andriana said.
"We did it," Amanda corrected.
"How do you feel, An?" Andrew asked.
"Exhausted and free," Andriana replied. "My mind is finally clear."
"Are you okay, Mandy?" Emily asked.
Amanda nodded.
"Now I really need sleep," She said.
"You both should rest," Chrystal advised. "That took a lot of effort. Good Work." Chrystalina out."
"Come on, Mand. I'll carry you." Justin offered.
Amanda didn't reply because she was already asleep. Gently Justin gathered her into his arms and the group returned to the Royal apartments.
* * * * * *
Overcome with exhaustion Amanda slept until well into the next day. Andriana, also went to bed early though she didn't sleep in much the next morning. She tried but eventually found it was a useless effort. Finally she decided to rejoin the others who she knew were already up and discussing the current problems they faced. When Andriana appeared they were all concerned for her health, even Mary, who offered to help her sleep.
"Really I'm fine," Andriana insisted. "Amanda did most of the work. Though to tell you the truth I don't feel much different."
"What do you mean?" Emily asked.
"I still don't have any memory of the time I was gone," Andriana explained. "I know I wasn't on vacation but I don't know where I was."
"Your own mind may have done that," Justin said. "Our minds often try to put extremely traumatic events into a back corner where we won't find the memory."
"It could have also been a side effect of the hypnosis," Mary added. "You and Amanda broke the image barrier but it may take time to find the memories that were suppresses behind it."
Suddenly Andriana jumped as she felt a slight jolt of energy hit her right ear.
"Are you okay?" Justin asked
"I don't know. The strangest feeling just came over me," Andriana explained.
"They're trying to contact you," Andrew said. "An, go and look in your bedside dresser. You should know what to do with what you find there."
"Okay," Andriana said uncertainly.
In her dresser Andriana found a communicator and turned it on.
"What kept you?" A voice asked.
"I had to avoid suspicion," Andriana replied.
"Good," the voice said. "Now listen carefully Empress. I have another job for you."
Andriana listened to the orders and acknowledged them. Then she turned the communicator off and took it back to the living area.
"What happened?" Leslie asked.
"Someone wants me to lead Leslie and Emily to them," Andriana explained. "She claimed she just wanted to meet with them but she made it clear she didn't want anyone else to know about it. She told me to make sure I wasn't followed."
"No way, not a chance," Mary interrupted.
"Come on, Mare, be reasonable," Emily said.
"You're not going to meet with one of them alone. I‘m putting my foot down with this one," Mary said. "It's crazy."
"Andriana will be with us," Leslie said.
"But she's supposed to be under hypnosis," Luke pointed out.
"I don't see as there is much choice in the matter," Jeremy said. "They'll get suspicious if Andriana doesn't show up with the girls."
"Tough," Mary said. "Let them suspect. The girls are in far too much danger as it is."
"I hate it admit it, Mare, but Jem's right. We don't have a choice," Luke said. "If they don't show up, it'll put them and us in more danger."
"What if we have Andriana lead the girls to the meeting place and catch them at the last moment," Jayson suggested.
"Maybe it will deter them from making any other attempts to summon me, if they think it‘s impossible for me to get away," Andriana agreed.
"I'm not so sure of that," Mary said doubtfully. "But far be it for me to try and stop you."
"Then it's settled," Leslie said.
"I'll follow Les and Em and reprimand them for following Andriana without permission. Then we'll come back," Jayson said.
"I think it might be wise to have someone follow you in case something happens," Jeremy suggested.
"We can't leave Mandy out," Emily said. "She'll get that job."
"I don't know, Em. Mandy was very tired last night," Mary said. "There's no telling how much longer she'll sleep."
"We should wait a little and see if she does wake up," Leslie said. "She'd be upset if she was left out. An can say she couldn‘t leave right away because it would raise suspicion."
"We just can’t risk anyone else being seen," Andrew agreed. "If it's possible, the younger group should be the only ones seen in public."
"We'll wait for a while," Justin said, "but if Mandy doesn't wake up in the next hour, I'll go in her place. Agreed?"
"Agreed." Jayson, Leslie, and Emily replied.
Later that morning, Amanda awoke refreshed and just in time to go on the excursion into town. Of course she was eager to help when the others explained the circumstances.
"In this instance, I think we should arm ourselves well," Jayson said. "Just as a precaution."
"I agree," Andrew said. "Each of you should have a fazer and be sure you have your swords."
At this moment Mary got up and left the room.
"Poor Mare," Justin said. "She really hates this plan."
"We'll go talk to her once we've got things started," Luke said.
"She may just need a few minutes to herself," Jeremy agreed.
"Well, I think we're ready," Leslie said when Andrew had finished instructing them on using a fazer.
"Or as ready as we'll ever be anyways," Emily added.
"I wish Mary would come out before we go," Amanda said.
Jayson put an arm around her shoulders.
"She'll be okay, Mandy," he said. "Come on, Partner. Let's do some spying."
"I don't remember the exact route, but I may be able to give you a little guidance to the meeting place," Amanda said to Andriana.
"Just remember to stay out of sight, Mandy. If anything happens..." Justin began. "Well just be careful."
"We will," Jayson said as they turned to leave.
"Good luck," Andrew said.
"And may the Amulet protect you," Mary said, entering the room at the last moment.
"May it protect us all," Amanda added.




Chapter 12
Briana waited in the shadows of a doorway. She knew she had given the Empress a tough task, but she was ready for any unwelcome guests. Another figure emerged from the doorway.
"They are coming," the figure reported. "All stations are alert."
"Tell the guards to stand by," Briana said. "If the other two are following, distract them if the Empress cannot."
"Understood."
A few minutes later, Andriana and the girls walked by the doorway. Briana stepped from the shadows.
"Greetings Children," Briana said. "Empress, make sure no one followed you here, then return to the palace."
Helplessly Andriana turned and walked back the way she had come. Briana quickly ushered the girls inside.
Andriana stopped a short distance from the doorway and looked back. As she saw Briana go inside, she looked around for Jayson and Amanda. Seconds later, Amanda sent a message telling her to return to the palace, she and Jayson were invisible and were trying to find a way in.
Taking a chance, Andriana waved her hand and teleported them through the locked door. Amanda soon sent a message of thanks. Andriana acknowledged the message and then returned to the palace.
"There's no need to be afraid, children," Briana told the girls. "It's your older siblings I want."
"I thought you agreed to give them a week to think about the deal," Emily said.
"Yes that's true but circumstances have forced me to rethink my position," Briana said.
"What circumstances?" Leslie asked.
"Well for one your actual place of birth," Briana said. "I know you are not from Jerico."
"Of course we're from Jerico," Emily said "Where else would we be from?" 
"Chrystalina of course," Briana said "Oh don't try to deny it. We know who you are and who you came with, but I'm afraid you and your friends may get in my way."
Invisible in a corner of the room Jayson and Amanda telepathically discussed what to do. Finally Amanda tried to touch Briana's mind to attempt to change her thoughts, but Briana's mind was very strong as it continually pushed Amanda away. This made it impossible for Amanda to succeed completely but it did create some confusion, enough to cause Briana to turn away for a moment distractedly. Instantly Leslie and Emily became invisible and Amanda broke her connection. Seconds later Briana turned back to where the girls were sitting.
"This isn't possible!" She exclaimed when she found they were gone. "They can't have gotten away." Then she calmed herself. "Guards!"
Four officers appeared in the door way.
"My two guests are playing hide and seek. No one is to leave this house without a security clearance. Have guards posted at all the exits till they are found. When they are, bring them to me. I'll be in my quarters." 
With that Briana headed for a downward staircase.
"What do we do now?" Amanda asked Jayson.
"Looks like our only choice is to follow her," Jayson replied. "Where are the girls?"
"I'm looking," Amanda said trying to touch Emily's mind. "They're one step ahead of us."
"They're downstairs? Let's go before we lose them," Jayson said.
Amanda and Jayson made their way down a flight of stairs to a dark room. Briana stood with her back to them, punching in a code on a control pad on the wall. Amanda and Jayson hid in the shadows and became visible again. Then Amanda searched for the girls again and called them over. A moment later Emily and Leslie joined them. 
Suddenly a door began to open in the wall. Briana walked through and it began to close again. Silently the four children turned invisible and followed.
Darkness followed them as the door closed but it didn't last. The adjoining tunnels were illuminated with the exception of a few passages which probably lead to other exits. It was in one of the passages that the four children separated from Briana. Here they became visible once more.
"Now what?" Amanda asked. "We've got to get out of here."
"I think we should stay and look around," Emily said.
"It's too dangerous," Jayson said. "We should get back to the others before they come looking for us."
"But we might be able to get some useful information out of this," Leslie pointed out.
"I tend to agree," Amanda said. "If we can find stuff to use against them we may be able to go home sooner than we thought."
"You know we'll hear about it when we get back to the palace," Jayson pointed out.
"We're probably already in trouble for going this far," Emily pointed out. "Please Jay."
"Come on, Jay. What harm could it do?" Leslie added.
"A lot of harm," Jayson said. "But we might as well."
"Maybe we should split up," Amanda suggested. "We'll find out more, quicker that way."
"Agreed," Jayson said. "Em and I will follow the Captain and you and Les can go the other way."
"You and I can keep in touch through telepathic channels," Amanda added. "We'll make contact in an hour."
"If we don't have anything we'll contact someone in the palace," Jayson said.
"Good Luck," Leslie added.
"May the Amulet guide and protect us," Emily added.
Seconds later they separated into the unfamiliar, dimly lit caves.
* * * * * *
Unaware she was being followed, Briana returned to her quarters. She was still a bit confused after Amanda's attempt to infiltrate her mind.
"What happened?" she wondered as she sat down at her computer console. "Give me a secure channel to the new home world," she said "directly to Lieutenant Commander Jaimson."
"Jaimson here."
"It's just me," Briana said. "Do you have a minute?"
"Sure what's up?"
"It's a long story," Briana replied,.
"Did you find out anything about the Chrystalinians?"
"Yeah. They're here. I saw them myself," Briana said gloomily.
"Isn't that good news? You know who you're dealing with now."
"Not really. I'm as confused as ever now," Briana said "Every time I come in contact with one of them...It's as if someone was trying to read my mind."
"Now I'm confused. Why would you think someone was trying to read your mind? And how did you come in contact with them?"
"I didn't know I was till I saw three of the four Dad came in contact with three years ago at the Battle of Chrystalina. Now I have reason to believe the Jenkins kids that we were trying to entice over to our side are also Chrystalinians."
"I take it that's when you felt someone was trying to read your mind."
"It only happened twice. The feeling is hard to explain...I needed to talk to someone about it."
"Why can't you talk to father?"
"I told him after it happened the first time. When I first encountered the two oldest Jenkins children," Briana explained. "But I can't tell him about the second time."
"Why?"
"Father told me to get the Chrystalinians out of the way until we had won." Briana explained "So I initiated a plan to lure the older ones into the open. I got the Empress to bring me the younger Jenkins children hoping the Chrystalinians would eventually come after them. Then it happened. Someone was trying to do something to my mind. I guess I got distracted. I turned my back and when I turned back..."
"They were gone. Does father know about this?"
"No. I was going this on my own," Briana said.
"Still trying to show off for father? You know you don't have to prove yourself to him, Brie."
"I know, but things are moving so slowly..."
"Let it go, Brie. Father doesn't know about it and doesn't need to know."
"I left a search party to look for the children."
"Let them go too. Be patient and we'll get them yet."
Briana sighed.
"You're right," she said, "but you know what he's like. He makes you feel like you should be impressing him." 
"You're just like him. Impatient and determined."
"Runs in the family," Briana laughed "Father tells me the new base is ahead of schedule. I can't wait to see it."
"Can't wait to show it to you. You're not the only one who wants to please Father."
"He couldn't be more pleased," Briana said. "From the way he talks you'd think you built the whole structure single handed."
"He's beaming with pride over your accomplishments as well. The way you handled the Empress was most impressive."
"Wait till he sees us together again. We'll be unstoppable."
"We do make a good team. Well gotta go, Brie."
"Yeah so do I. Thanks, Bri."
"I'll talk to you later. Home base out."
Briana shut off her computer console and turned on her communicator.
"Briana to house six. Disregard my earlier orders. Return to your regular post."
"What about the children?"
"Let them go. They‘ll pop up again."
"Yes Ma'am."
Briana then shut off her communicator and went for a walk.
* * * * * *
Jayson and Emily walked cautiously through the passages looking for "Captain Atkins." Their delay had caused them to lose sight of her, so they had to travel on instinct and/or guess work, looking for her.
"It's useless," Emily said finally, becoming visible and sitting against a wall. "We've lost her."
"Don't give up yet, Em. We've only been looking for ten minutes."
"Can you show yourself? I have trouble talking to air," Emily complained.
"We shouldn't stay visible for long or we'll be seen," Jayson warned when he was visible again.
"Just give me a few minutes at least. Invisibility doesn't always come easy," Emily said.
"Think of me. I'm past that stage," Jayson said.
"Yeah but you've completed it. I'm only half way through."
Suddenly Jayson stood up. 
"What's the matter?" Emily asked.
"Someone's coming," Jayson said.
"I don't hear anything," Emily said.
Jayson took Emily's hand.
"Disappear Em. Quickly."
Emily did as she was told and Jayson did the same. Seconds later the girl who they had been searching for came out of a nearby room and walked down the hall in the direction Emily and Jayson had been going. Silently and quickly the invisible children followed.
 * * * * * *
Meanwhile Amanda and Leslie were about to stumble upon a great discovery. Leslie, like Emily, was getting tired.
"I know you're tired, Les. We'll find a corner to stop soon," Amanda told Leslie after her third thought of complaint.
Just then they rounded a corner and stopped short. Two officers stood guarding a room. Quickly the girls pulled back and peaked around the corner.
"I wonder who's in there," Leslie whispered.
"SHHH. I'm looking," Amanda said stretching out her mind to whoever was inside, because of the force field on the door the connection was not clear but Amanda was shocked by what she did manage to get. "No. It can't be," she said to herself.
"What? Who's in there?" Leslie asked.
"I'm not sure exactly but from the thought patterns it's Andriana's parents."
"How can that be?" Leslie asked "Didn't Andrew say they were dead?"
"I know but I saw the thought patterns. Concern, fear and sadness. All for their son and daughter."
"I think we should investigate," Leslie said.
"I don't know, Les. I could be wrong. It was hard to get a clear connection through the force field," Amanda pointed out.
"I need a rest, Mandy," Leslie said. "You know what happened last time."
"Okay we'll chance it, but don't appear till I say so," Amanda agreed.
"Okay, how do we get past the guards?" 
"Telekinesis," Amanda said.
"We'll send their weapons on a walk," Leslie concluded.
"And just to be safe, I'll confuse them a bit more through mind control."
Leslie closed her eyes and mentally took the side-arms.
"Off you go," Leslie said as she sent the side-arms in flight and down the hall.
"Follow them," Amanda said to the guards. "Take your time. Relax. Walk slowly. You've got all the time in the world."
The guards set off slowly after the side-arms. The girls waited for a few minutes and then entered the room the officers had been guarding.




Chapter 13
"Report," Briana said to the commanding officer in OPS.
"No one followed the girls to the house. The Empress has returned but there has been no sign of the girls," the officer reported.
"Has there been any sign of anyone who might be looking for the girls?" Briana asked.
"No Commander. No one has left the Royal quarters since the Empress's return."
"I see. Well carry on and keep me informed," Briana said.
"Yes Commander."
Briana turned and walked out of OPS at a brisk pace. Jayson and Emily hurried to get through the doors before they closed then slowed down a little.
"I'm getting tired again, Jay," Emily complained.
"Just hold on a little longer. I want to find out who she is," Jayson said. "I have a feeling she's at the root of our problems next to Jaimson himself."
"Do you think she's the other Jaimson?" Emily asked.
"It's possible," Jayson said "It's only a hunch."
"Maybe you’re a prophet like Mandy, Justin and Luke." Emily suggested.
"Anything’s possible," Jayson agreed as they sped up to catch up with the girl. "Come on we're going to lose her." 
Briana walked quickly to her father's office to discuss the current situation, which hadn't changed much since the last time they talked. Finally she reached the door and rang the buzzer. It was all the two invisible children could do to keep from panting after such a brisk walk but they managed to slow down and concentrate on entering the office without being noticed.
"Ah, come in my dear," Jaimson said when the door opened. "How are things progressing?"
"Slowly," Briana replied. "There has been no change in the situation."
"That's too bad," Jaimson said. "The Emperor has made no moves?"
"No sir. I think the Chrystalinians might be the cause of his delay. They must be acting as counsel and preventing him from stepping down. They may think they can save the Empress yet."
"And do you think they could?"
"Not to my knowledge," Briana said. "As far as I know no one can detect hypnotic trances."
"Still I think it's time to adjust our plan a bit Briana."
"What do you wish of me, Father?"
"We've tried to play nice, but I'm afraid they aren't being sociable. I think it's time we got rid of them...For good."
"Do you want them eliminated?" Briana asked.
"It seems it may have come down to that. We have done all we can otherwise," Jaimson said. "I want them out of the way. All of them. Do what you have to. Kill them or take them prisoner and then kill them. They are in my way..."
"And Jaimsons don't like people who get in our way," Briana added.
"That's right my dear. If we can't take over one way, we'll take over our way. While the planet mourns the death of the last of the old Imperial family they will also kneel to my Imperial family."
Jayson felt Emily begin to tremble. He pulled her closer and comforted her silently. Then he decided they had heard enough. Briana was obviously going to stay for a while, so there was no getting out through the door any time soon. There was only one option left. He held tight to Emily and teleported.
* * * * * *
James Mackensie looked up as the door to the cell opened but no one entered before the doors closed.
"I wonder what that was all about," James said to his wife.
Christina didn't answer.
"They'll be all right, Chrissy," James told her.
"I just wish I knew what Jaimson was planning," Christina said.
"Whatever it is, Andrew and Andriana can fight it," James said.
"I suppose, but what about..." 
Suddenly Christina gasped as Amanda and Leslie appeared.
"Please don't be afraid, Mrs. Mackensie," Amanda said quickly as James and Christina stood up.
"Aren't you a little young to work for Commander Jaimson?" James commented.
"Oh we don't work for the Rebellion, Mr. Mackensie," Leslie said. "We're on your side."
"Then how did you know who we are?" Christina asked. "No one on our side knows we're alive."
"No wait, dear, Andriana knew. She came in here, but Jaimson's daughter took her away again," James said. "She must have told them."
"I'm afraid Andriana has no memory of her time here as of yet," Amanda said.
"What's happened?" Christina asked worriedly.
"Nothing that can't be fixed Mrs. Mackensie. I promise you that," Leslie said.
"Who are you?" James asked.
"My name is Amanda Bradford. This is Leslie Williams. We came to this planet to help your son find Andriana and fight the rebellion."
"What do you mean you came to this planet? You're not from Jerico?" Christina asked.
"No. We're from the planet Chrystalina," Leslie said. "Your son and daughter helped save our planet from a takeover. Now we are returning the favour."
"There's a lot you should know but we can't continue this conversation here," Amanda said "We'll have to get you out of here undetected."
"How did you two get past the guards?" James asked.
"We sent the guards for a walk. They never saw us," Amanda explained, as she spoke she went to the door. "They're on their way back, but they're still a piece off," she reported.
"Now I'm really curious," Christina said.
"She told their minds to slow down," Leslie said.
"Come on we don't have much time and I still need to contact Jayson," Amanda said.
"Why can't we stay here and get him to meet us," Leslie asked.
"Once that force field goes up we're finished. There's no way out," Amanda said.
"Even without the force field, the guards aren't going to leave their posts again," James said.
"They didn't really have a choice," Amanda said.
"Can't you convince them that the force field is already up?" Leslie asked.
Amanda looked sympathetically at Leslie.
"Okay Les I'll try."
"I still don't understand any of this," Christina said.
"It's a long story," Leslie said 
"You might as well start, Les. I'm going to be busy for the next few minutes," Amanda said.
"I can wait for the rest. Please just tell me about my children," Christina said.
 * * * * * *
"It'll be okay, Em," Jayson said when he had finally calmed Emily down. 
They were safe in a dark corner but Emily had started to cry as soon as they left Jaimson's office.
"I want to go home, Jay," Emily said with tears in her eyes. "I don't want to be a hero anymore."
"I know how you feel," Jayson said. "But heroes or not we're in too deep to back out now."
"Can you contact Mandy now?" Emily asked.
"That I can do," Jayson said opening his mind to Amanda's. 
In a few minutes Amanda responded.
"I was just about to call you," Amanda said "Where are you?"
"Temporarily safe," Jayson said.
"Same here," Amanda said, "but for the moment I think we're in the safest place of all. Can you find your way back to where we separated. I'll try to guide you from there."
"Give me the directions now. I'll teleport from here," Jayson said.
"What about Em?"
"I'll take her with me. Where are you?"
"I'll give you a picture," Amanda said attempting to picture the route she and Leslie took.
"Got it. We'll be there in a few minutes," Jayson said.
Amanda turned back to Leslie and the Mackensies.
"Jay and Em will be here..." 
"Now," Jayson finished.
Emily ran over to Amanda and began to cry softly.
"What's wrong?" Amanda asked.
"We've gotta get out of here, Mand. Jaimson's making plans," Jayson said. "We're in his way."
"We've got other things to worry about Jay," Leslie said. "Meet James and Christina Mackensie. Andrew and Andriana's missing parents. This is Jayson Mackensie and Emily Bradford."
"Missing?" Jayson repeated. "I thought they were dead."
"Obviously everybody did," James said, "but that's another story for another time."
"What's going on with Jaimson?" Amanda asked.
"I'll explain when we get back," Jayson said. "Needless to say, it's not good."
Finally Emily pulled away from Amanda.
"I'm okay now," she said. "I just needed to see the others."
Leslie walked over to her friend and took her hand.
"You'd better call for reinforcements." Leslie said.
"I'll call Mary and ask her to teleport us to the conference room," Amanda said.
"Tell her to watch out. The Royal apartments are being guarded," Emily said.
"I'm going to sleep for a year after this," Amanda said. 
"Do you want me to do it?" Jayson offered.
"No. It's my specialty. I'll do it," Amanda said closing her eyes.
"What is she doing?" Christina asked
"She's trying to link her mind to her older sister's. Mary has the power to teleport us out of here," Jayson said.
"I see," Christina said.
"Oh by the way, Emily and Jayson are Chrystalinians too." Leslie said.
"I didn't know there were Mackensies on Chrystalina." James said.
"More than likely there are Bradfords and Williams' on Jerico as well. They're all linked to one family," Jayson said.
"What family?" Emily asked.
"Believe it or not...The Jaimsons," Jayson replied.
* * * * * *
Mary was sitting in the living area going crazy with worry like the others, when Amanda's message hit her.
"Mare, if Andrew and/or Andriana are in the room don't look like you're in contact with me."
"Hold on," Mary said to Amanda. Then she stood up.
"I can't sit around doing nothing anymore," Mary announced. "I'll be in the simulator."
"Do you do that all the time?" Andriana asked.
"What?" Mary asked.
"Lose interest when things are moving too slow," Andriana said.
"I'm not going to start this now," Mary said. "I'll be in the simulator," she added, looking directly at Jeremy and Luke. Then she teleported.
"I know it's stupid to ask if she really cares about the others, but..." Andriana began.
"Would you just get off her case?" Luke demanded.
"The longer she sits and does nothing, the more she worries," Jeremy explained.
"Come on, Jem, Mare needs to talk," Luke said.
In the simulator Mary was sitting, eyes closed, and concentrating. She stopped and looked up as Luke and Jeremy appeared.
"You got the message," she said. "Despite Her Majesty’s objections."
"What's up?" Jeremy asked.
"Mandy contacted me, but she doesn't want the Imperial twins to know," Mary said.
"Why?" Luke said.
"She wouldn't say but she says they need a lift back. All six of them," Mary said.
"Six?" Jeremy asked. "They've found some friends?"
"Apparently and she doesn't seem concerned they'll find out about the Amulet," Mary said.
"So what do we do?" Luke said.
"They're in danger," Mary said. "I don't think there's a choice."
"Do you want some help?" Jeremy asked.
"To be honest I don't really feel up to teleporting them all at once." Mary admitted.
"Say no more Mare," Luke said. "We'll make it a group effort.."
"Mandy said to stand by," Mary reported a moment later.
"Okay. Mary's got Luke and Jeremy standing by," Amanda reported. "Hold hands. Mary said it'll help if we are touching when they try to teleport us. Are we ready? Okay Mare."
"Okay they're ready," Mary announced.
A few minutes later the four Children Of the Amulet and the two concerned parents appeared in the simulator.
"Thank goodness you're safe," Mary said hugging her sisters.
"We started to get worried when you didn't call in right away," Jeremy said "What happened?"
"We got sidetracked," Emily said.
"And we ran into some new friends," Jayson said looking over at James and Christina.
"Your kids are going to be shocked and very happy to see both of you alive," Luke said.
"How did you know..." James began.
"My brother has a sense for these things." Leslie said. 
"Luke Williams, Jeremy Mackensie and Mary Bradford meet Christina and James Mackensie." Amanda said
"I'm happy to meet you all and thank you for rescuing us, but please where are my children?" Christina asked anxiously.
"They're in their apartment, Mrs. Mackensie," Jeremy said, "but I don't think it's a good idea to see them quite yet." 
"Why not?" Christina asked.
"Think about it, Chrissy. They think we're dead. They need to be prepared for this," James said.
Christina sighed, but agreed.
"We'll arrange a meeting as soon as possible, Mrs. Mackensie," Luke promised.
"I'll go talk to my brother," Mary said, "so he knows what's going on."
"Meanwhile we'll move to the conference room. They're liable to think you're holograms if you meet in here," Jeremy suggested.
"We'll have to teleport. The room's being guarded," Jayson said.
"No problem," Luke said. "I'll go ahead and make sure the coast is clear."
"I'm going with Mary," Emily announced.
"We'll do something about the guards and meet you in the conference room as soon as possible," Mary said.
"Please hurry," Christina said.
"I'll do my best," Mary promised. "Maybe you should fill them in a little more while you're waiting. They've missed a lot."
Then Mary and Emily vanished.
Emily practically knocked Justin over when she and Mary appeared in the living area.
"Where are the others?" Andrew asked.
"They're waiting in the conference room," Mary said.
"Why didn't they come back here?" Andriana asked.
"I need to talk to my brother first," Mary said. "Wait here."
"Can't we go ahead?" Andrew asked.
"No. Mary will explain when she gets back," Emily said.
A few minutes later Justin and Mary returned and Justin asked to talk to Andriana.
"What's going on?" Andrew demanded.
"This is going to come as a shock, but they found something in Jaimson's lair..." Mary began. "It may sound farfetched considering what you know, or what you think you know about the situation...OH forget it. You probably wouldn't believe me if I told you, especially coming from me but despite our differences I wouldn't lie about something like this." 
"What are you talking about?" Andrew demanded
"I think it's better if you see for yourself," Mary said heading for the door. "Em, wait here for Justin and Andriana."
"Do you know what's going on?" Andrew asked Emily. 
She nodded. 
"Would you like to tell me?"
Emily shook her head.
"Follow Mary, Andrew," Emily told him, "and believe what you see."
In part frustration and part confusion Andrew followed Mary out.




Chapter 14
Meanwhile Justin had taken Andriana into her room to tell her what was going on.
"An, you know how much I love you," he began, "and I would never lie to you."
"Justin what's going on?" Andriana asked cautiously.
"Keep what I just said in mind," Justin said "The kids made a discovery in the tunnel of the rebellion."
"What kind of discovery?" Andriana asked.
"Two people were being held captive by the rebels," Justin continued.
"So they freed two of our people. That's good isn't it," Andriana said. "Why do I get the feeling there's more to it?"
"There weren't just any people, An. They're your parents."
Andriana stared at Justin for a minute.
"There must be some mistake. My parents are dead," she said.
"No they aren't," Justin said. "They're alive and well."
"My parents?" Andriana asked disbelievingly. "My parents are alive? But the explosion...the reports...I don't understand."
Justin folded her into his arms.
"It's okay. I know it's confusing especially after what you've been through."
"You're sure Mary didn't make this up?" Andriana asked pulling away.
"Mary wouldn't do that. She knows what it's like to be separated from her parents," Justin said. "There is one way to find out."
Andriana took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"Okay let's go."
Emily stood up as Justin and Andriana exited the bedroom.
"Is everything okay?" Emily asked.
"So far," Justin said "Did Mary talk to Andrew?"
"She started to, but she didn't think he'd believe her," Emily said. "So she took him to see for himself." 
"Then it's true?" Andriana asked.
Emily nodded.
"They're in the conference room and they're very anxious to see you," Emily replied.
"Then they've waited long enough," Andriana said.
* * * * * *
"Why can't you just tell me?" Andrew asked as she followed Mary to the conference room.
"Not out here," Mary said in a low voice. "We aren't alone you know."
"Well can't you whisper what's going on?" Andrew asked.
"You wouldn't believe me if I did," Mary insisted. "Learn some patience, Majesty."
"I still wish I knew what you..." Andrew began, but he was interrupted by a sudden volleyfrom an energy blaster.
"Get down," Mary cried whisking out her sword as a second energy bolt came towards them. "Go ahead to the conference room. I'll meet you there." 
"But..." Andrew began as he fired back at the attackers.
"Don't argue, Andrew! Just go!" Mary said. "I'll take care of them. Go and warn the others."
Reluctantly, Andrew turned and ran to the conference room.
"Mary's in trouble," he said bursting through the door. "Someone was shooting at us...she insisted I go..."
Then Andrew saw the figures at the far end of the room.
"We'll handle this," Luke said as he and Jeremy left the room.
Mary was just looking around the corner cautiously as Luke and Jeremy came up to her.
"I think they're still there," she whispered with her back to them.
"What happened?" Jeremy asked.
"One minute Andrew and I were arguing and the next I had my sword out and was yelling at him to go ahead," Mary explained. "They mean business, guys. They weren't using fazers. They had some kind of high energy guns."
"Jay said he and Em heard Jaimson say he wanted us out of the way, for good," Luke said.
"Can we go home now?" Mary asked.
"That may be the only thing to do," Jeremy said. "We'll have to discuss it later. Come on let's go back to the conference room."
Mary hesitated and didn't turn around.
"What's wrong, Mare?" Luke asked.
"I want to wait for Justin," Mary said.
"We'll have to warn him not to come this way," Luke agreed putting a hand on her shoulder.
Mary cringed in pain.
"You're hurt!" Jeremy exclaimed as Mary finally turned.
Her upper arm was bleeding from a small gash which was surrounded by what looked like burn marks.
"I'm okay," Mary insisted as Jeremy examined the wound. "I just got caught by the edge of an energy bolt I split in two."
"We've got to get you back to the conference room," Luke said. "You need medical attention."
"Don't fuss. I'm really okay," Mary insisted "It just hurts a little."
"A little my foot," Jeremy said "I can almost feel the pain in that thing."
"Can you really?" Mary asked.
"Almost," Jeremy replied "I mean it looks so awful..."
"Jem, do you know the technique I use to heal?" Mary asked.
"Sort of," Jeremy said.
"Try it," Mary coaxed.
"Not here," Luke said. "Let's get out of the open so we can warn the others."
"Good idea," Jeremy agreed.
* * * * * *
A warning wasn't necessary. As Justin, Andriana and Emily turned to leave they heard the energy blasts. Justin wanted to check it out, but Andriana held him back.
"They’re shooting at someone," Justin argued. "Mare and Andrew just left…"
"They'll be shooting at you if you go out there." Andriana pointed out."
"She's right, Just," Emily said. "They mean business. Jaimson has issued new orders to get us all our of his way."
"We'll have to teleport," Justin said.
Suddenly the blasts stopped.
"NOW!" Justin added.
Andriana, Emily and Justin appeared in the conference room only seconds after Jeremy and Luke had left. Andrew was still frozen in shock. He turned to Andriana as she approached.
"An, quick, tell me who you see," he said to her.
Andriana took her brother's hand.
"I know who I think I see," she said. "I've seen them so many times over the last few days. It's hard to believe that it's real."
"We are real," James said finally as he and Christina approached.
Andrew stepped forward and gazed into his mother's eyes.
"It is you," he said. "I remember that look. Every time you left on a mission or Grandfather took us on a training mission. It was as if..."
"Your heart was about to break," Andriana continued. "The look was there the last time we saw you. Don't let your heart break, Mother. We do know you."
The twins embraced their parents and for the next few minutes it was as if the rebellion didn't exist. Unfortunately the reality was brought back to them when Mary, Luke and Jeremy returned.
"What happened?" Justin exclaimed when he saw Mary's injury.
"It's okay, Justin," Mary said sitting down at the conference table. "A couple of Jaimson's troops took me and Andrew by surprise. I got caught by a sliced energy bolt."
"You left my sister to fend for herself?" Justin exclaimed, turning on Andrew.
"Justin, don't get mad, I told him to," Mary said wincing as Jeremy knelt at her side to attend to her wound. "The last thing we needed was for his royal highness to get hurt, it would kind of make this operation redundant. Besides I intended to be right behind him anyway."
"I don't know much about healing powers, but if you move while I'm trying to heal you it's bound to hurt," Jeremy told her as he cleaned off the area around the wound.
"I think you need to work on your bedside manner a bit," Mary said.
"Call me when you're sick in bed and I'll see what I can do. For now hold still," Jeremy retorted.
"You should put something on that wound to ward off infection," Christina said walking over to Mary and Jeremy.
"That's what he's doing," Mary said. "The healing powers allow some of us to take pain and the threat of infection from others who have been wounded. Jeremy, Leslie, Andrew and I all have this power and I expect, given the chance, Emily could use it too."
A few minutes later Jeremy stood up.
"I think that's all I can do for now," he said. "I've cleaned it and stopped the bleeding. How's the pain?"
"There is no pain," Mary said.
"That's unbelievable," Christina said examining the wound which now looked more like a bad cut than a wound from an energy bolt. "How did you do it?" 
"I just did what I've seen her do with her healing powers," Jeremy said, "though up till now I didn't know I had the same powers."
"There's a lot to fill you and father in on," Andrew said.
"I'm anxious to hear it," Christina said. 
"Firstly I'd like you to officially meet Justin Bradford," Andriana said walking over to Justin and taking his hand "This is the person I'm in love with." she added gazing lovingly into his eyes.
As usual and though they were getting used to it, Mary and Andrew shuttered slightly at the context of the introduction Andriana had just made. Luke and Jeremy nudged Mary telepathically to prevent her from starting anything.
"Would you two stop that," she said out loud.
Luke and Jeremy only smiled teasingly at her.
"What did they do?" James asked.
"They were thinking," Mary replied.
* * * * * *
"Team One reports they wounded one Chrystalinian girl, but both she and the Emperor got away and there has been no sign of them or any of the others since," Briana reported to her father.
"Have they raided the apartments?" Jaimson asked.
"Yes sir, but there was no one there," Briana replied. "They're still searching the area. Don't worry, Father. They won't get out of the palace...Alive."
"Good, keep me informed," Jaimson said.
"Yes sir. Briana out."
* * * * * *
"As curious as I am to find out what we missed, I think our priority is to get out of the palace and possibly off the planet," James pointed out.
"I agree, but first we need to make some arrangements," Andrew said.
"What kind of arrangements?" Christina asked.
"We’re the leaders of this world Mother, we can’t just disappear without leaving select clues to let our loyal subjects know we’re not abandoning this world," Andriana agreed. "Besides we should also pack a few things. I‘m not letting Jaimson‘s daughter get her hands on my clothes."
"We don't have time to pack," James said.
"Thanks to our powers we do," Andriana said. "I'd say it will literally take a minute at the very most."
"But we can't be lugging luggage all over the place. We need to move quickly," Christina said. 
"Once we pack we'll leave everything in the living area and either transport or more likely teleport it to our ship once we're safely aboard," Andrew said.
"We have no time to argue. IF you must pack, do it. Let's just get moving," James said.
In seconds they teleported to the living quarters and in almost a minute the children had finished packing. They left everything but the Amulets and their weapons in the living area behind a couch. Then just as they were about to leave the doors opened and Briana walked in.
"Greeting to you from the new Imperial family. I am Briana Jaimson, daughter of Commander and soon to be Governor Jaimson and you," she added raising a blaster, "are dead."
The group held their ground, and didn't show any sign of intimidation.
"Drop the gun, Briana," Andriana said.
"Hear me, Empress and succumb gracefully," Briana said.
"Don't bother flashing your eyes at me. I am no longer under your spell," Andriana said.
Briana hid her surprise very well.
"Maybe not, but I still hold all the cards," she said.
"Maybe, but it's my move," Andriana said, then they all vanished.
"Guards!" Briana exclaimed. 
Four officers rushed in. 
"Do what you have to do to find them. Then bring them to me. I'll deal with them personally," Briana instructed.
Briana turned and stormed out and the officers went to carry out her orders.
"We shouldn't have done that," Mary said as they reappeared in the living area once more. "Now she knows."
"I'd rather have her think she knows something than get killed by her," Andriana said.
"You could have disarmed her," Mary said.
"And she could have shot us all on the spot," Andriana retorted.
"Girls, Please!" Justin interrupted. "We have to find a way to get out of here."
"Getting out of this room is no big problem." James said. "Christina and I know of a few secret passageways. Getting to the hangar will be another matter."
"Can we just teleport?" Emily asked.
"It's sure to be guarded. We need to sneak in. To do otherwise would be dangerous," Jayson said.
"Who are you and what have you done with my brother the adventurer?" Jeremy teased.
"Well let's get as far as we can through the passages. Then we'll go from there," Luke suggested.
"Right," Christina agreed. "Follow me."




Chapter 15
In a fury, Briana returned to her quarters. They had escaped! All of them! Right out from under her!
"I should have shot first and talked later," she told herself. "Save the flashy introductions for the victory."
Briana reached her quarters and locked herself in. Then she sat on her bed with her knees pulled up to her chest.
"What am I going to tell father?" she wondered. "The Mackensies have escaped and their highnesses and friends have disappeared."
She would have started to cry at this point, but it was against her training to break down under stress.
Suddenly, she noticed the chair at her desk was turned away from her. As she got up to investigate, the chair began to turn. Briana stopped in her tracks.
"Have no fear, sister dear, your brother's here." 
The dark haired boy who had occupied the chair got up and stretched out his arms to Briana with a smile. Briana ran to him and threw her arms around him.
"Oh Brian! I'm so glad to see you," she said. "But why are you back so soon? And how did you get in here?" she asked as they stepped apart.
"The facility is almost finished. Father gave me permission to chose someone to take my place and come back to celebrate our victory. Oh, and I used my command codes to get the computer to unlock the door."
"Well, I'm afraid victory isn't all that close yet," Briana said gloomily.
"What's up?" Brian asked.
"I had them all, Bri. The Empress, The Emperor, the Chrystalinians, even the Mackensies. All in one room, I could have killed them all right there and they got away."
"How?" Brian asked. 
"That's just it. I don't know," Briana said. "One minute they were there and the next they were gone. Vanished. Disappeared into thin air."
"Calm down, Brie," Brian said.
"But what if Father finds out that I failed?" Briana asked.
"Did you take your eyes off them at any time?" Brian asked.
"No."
"Did you let your guard down at any time?"
"No."
"Did you let them get away?"
"Of course not, but..."
"Then you didn't fail. They may have outfoxed you, but you'll win in the end."
"I suppose, but will father see it that way?"
"It's not over yet." Brian said taking Briana's hand and pulling her close to him so that his arms were wrapped around her, and they both gazed onto the cosmic vista.
"Think of it, Brie," Brian whispered into her ear. "With the old Imperial family gone...Killed so suddenly there was no successor named. Father will name himself Governor and us the new Imperial rulers under him."
Briana sighed dreamily as she pictured the scene Brian had set. After a moment she shook her head to clear her mind.
"It's a beautiful dream, Brian, but I need to concentrate on the tasks that will lead to it," Briana said pulling away from her brother.
"We'll work on it together," Brian said. "We'll find and discard all those who get in our way. And then..."
"...The world will be ours," Briana continued with a smile. "It's good to have you back, Bri. Welcome home."

* * * * * *
Silently the twelve fugitives crept through passageways and crawl spaces for over an hour in attempt to get to the hangar. Finally they reached a place where they could go no farther undercover. A force field lay in the way.
"Quick, we have to get out of here," James said. "Jaimson must have realized we'd come this way. He may be monitoring this corridor."
"Which way do we go then?" Amanda asked.
"We have no choice," Christina said. "We'll have to get to the hangar by the hallways."
"Keep alert, gang," Justin said as they entered the hallway. "Jaimson is all over the place."
Carefully and quietly the group made their way to the hangar, but Jaimson's troops were lying in wait. The doors to the hangar were seemingly unguarded as the group got closer.
"This is too easy," Mary said. "It must be a trick."
Amanda scanned the area with her mind.
"There are about ten guards hiding behind that door," she reported, "and four just around that other corner."
"So what do we do?" Emily asked.
"We can teleport past the four around the corner, but we're sure to be spotted as soon as we're in the hangar," Mary said.
Suddenly, they heard footsteps coming towards the corridor they were in.
"We have no choice." Luke said. "We can't stay here. Have your swords ready the moment you reappear."
Just them Briana and Brian entered the corridor in time to see the group vanish.
"You see," Briana said. "There they go again."
"Interesting," Brian said thoughtfully.
"Well what do we do about it?" Briana asked 
"We follow them," Brian said.
"How? We can't see them," Briana said.
"We don't have to see them to know where they went," Brian said. "Follow me."
* * * * * *
The appearance of the group wasn't noticed immediately. Thanks to a shadowy corner they happened to land in.
"We probably don't have much time so where do we go from here?" Jeremy asked.
"That's our ship," Andrew said pointing to a rather beat up looking star cruiser.
"And I suppose your plan is that Jaimson will see us takeoff and die laughing," Mary asked.
"It looks beat up outside, but she's the best we've got," Andrew said.
"That's not encouraging," Mary said doubtfully. "We might be better off with the shuttlecraft we came in."
Andriana would have retorted, but Justin pulled her closer to him and silenced her.
"How do we get to her?" Jayson asked.
"We need to buy some time to get her up and running," Justin said. 
"Andrew and Andriana know where to teleport to, but it's dangerous for the rest of us to teleport blindly. We've done enough of that," Mary said.
"Why don't you two take your parents and the four youngest to the ship? We'll create some chaos out here till you're ready for us," Luke suggested.
"I don't want to go ahead, Luke. I want to stay with you," Leslie said.
"It's too dangerous, Les," Luke told his sister. "You've got to go ahead."
"I don't want to go either," Emily began, "but we'll just be in the way if we stay because we can't defend ourselves."
Leslie didn't respond. She knew they were right and she didn't like it. She didn't care that she was putting herself in danger, she was going as much for her planet if not more, but her brother had already risked his life for Chrystalina and the Empire and when it came down to it that's what he was doing again. That's what bothered her.
Finally she sighed and gave her brother a hug. Then she took Emily's hand and stepped over to James and Christina.
"We'll put down the ramp as soon as you get to the ship," Andrew said.
"Be careful," Andriana said. "Let the power protect you."
A few minutes later Justin, Mary, Luke and Jeremy stood alone in the shadows.
"This seems vaguely familiar somehow," Mary said. "Guards on alert, looking for us. Danger, lurking in shadows..."
"Let's go before she talks us out of it," Jeremy said.
Four lightning swords sizzled to life. The sound attracted the guards attention. In a few minutes energy bolts flew in every direction as the guards shot at the children and the children deflected them as they attempted to get near the ship. The ramp was already down but the shots kept ringing out.
"Something's wrong in there," Justin said. "I can feel it."
"I know," Luke said. "I smell trouble too."
"You know I'm getting really tired of this noise," Mary said to Jeremy. "Do you suppose we could interrupt them for a moment?"
"Maybe for a moment or two," Jeremy agreed.
Then Jeremy and Mary concentrated on the weapons. The bolts stopped coming. All the guards froze as their own blasters silently became airborne and turned on them.
"Nice work you two," Luke whispered.
"Let's go in quietly," Justin said. "I think we have unwanted guests."
* * * * * *
Aboard the ship there was more trouble. While the four Chrystalinians were busy fighting, Brian and Briana had snuck on board and taken the others captive. Briana who had no intention of letting them disappear again had grabbed Leslie as a hostage.
"Disappear again and she dies," Briana announced.
"What does it matter? You plan to kill us all anyway," Amanda retorted.
"That's not quite true, my dear," Brian said. "We will only kill you as a last resort. If your Emperor and Empress continue to be so stubborn and then it will be their fault, not ours."
"Will you see reason, Empress?" Briana asked.
"Never," Andriana said stubbornly.
"Oh dear, Briana. She won't listen to reason," Brian said in mock despair.
"We tried, Sister Dear. Now we mustn't waste time," Brian said.
Just then the blaster shots stopped.
"Four down and eight to go," Briana said.
"Now who's first," Brian asked thoughtfully.
"I think we'll leave their highnesses for the last. Let them see the others die first," Briana suggested.
"You know, your family is really getting on my nerves," a voice said behind them. "I don't adore the Imperial twins either, but killing them just doesn't sit right with me."
Briana turned, still holding Leslie close to her. The four Chrystalinian children stood in the doorway.
"Let go of my little sister," Luke said with his sword still raised.
"Am I supposed to be threatened," Briana asked. "By you...A Chrystalinian?"
"Don't be fooled by what you think you know," Justin said.
"They love to stall don't they, Brie," Brian commented.
"I mean it. Let her go or your friend here will find himself floating in orbit," Luke warned.
"HA! I'd like to see you try," Briana said defiantly.
Luke waved a hand and Brian disappeared. Briana was so surprised she lost her grip on Leslie. Before she could do or say another thing, Justin waved Briana away as well. In moments both Jaimson twins found themselves standing outside of the ship, which started its engines and flew off.
"Brian to security. There's a star cruiser heading out of orbit. Destroy that ship!"
The children of the Amulet were already one step ahead.
"We have to hurry," Justin said. "They'll be after us any second. Justin to Chrystal. We need a diversion and we need it now!"
* * * * * *
"Security to Lieutenant Commander Jaimson."
"Go ahead," Brian replied.
"Sir, the star cruiser seems to be in distress. Four escape pods were just released."
"Life signs?" Brian asked.
"We can't tell, Sir. They're jamming our scanners."
"Destroy the escape pods. Then have the cruiser brought back," Briana said.
In the air, one of the battle ships targeted the escape pods and destroyed them, but before the order to retrieve the star cruiser could be completed, it exploded.
"It's done, miss," the security officer reported. "The Emperor and Empress are dead. The escape pods have been destroyed and the cruiser blew up on its own."
Commander Jaimson stood behind his children as this report came in. He put a hand on each of them proudly.
"Savour this moment, Children." he told them. "Victory is ours! Hear me, People of Jerico. The child Emperor and Empress are dead. I, High Commander Jerold Jaimson now take the honour of the throne as it was meant for me by Governor Mackensie's own declaration. And with this authority given to me by his honour, may he be at rest. I declare my heirs, Brian and Briana, Emperor and Empress of the Jerico Empire. Let the preparations for the coronation begin immediately."




Chapter 16
Jerico’s population was devastated by the loss of the Imperial twins but had very little time to mourn. Jaimson and his children wasted no time in taking over the rule and making it clear he would destroy anyone who stood in his way.
Three months later Brian and Briana sat waiting in the newly appointed Governor's office waiting for him to arrive. He had called them to discuss, what he called, an important matter which had just come up. The twins had tried to guess what it was, but they didn't even know where to begin. As far as they knew things were running smoothly since the demise of the royal family three months ago. With the exception of a small few, the Jerico people had accepted the new imperial family. The few who didn't, left the palace and the Imperial City and disappeared.
The twins rose as Governor Jaimson entered.
"Please sit, my children," he said. "I have something to discuss with you." 
"Is there something wrong, Governor?" Briana asked.
"No no. I am very pleased with the way things are moving along," Governor Jaimson said. "In fact that's one of the reasons I called you here. I have decided it is time I fade into the woodwork as it were. You two have proven yourselves quite capable of handling the rule of the Empire."
"But why are you doing this? Are you sick Governor?" Brian asked.
"No, son. I'm old and tired," Jaimson replied. "The victory took a lot out of me. I intend to move to the new home world to relax. I'll still be monitoring everything and essentially I will still be the leader of the Empire, but I will speak through you."
The twins were silent for a moment as they registered this information. 
"Well...are you willing to help me?" Jaimson asked finally.
"Of course, Father," Briana said, "though it will be a challenge to us to fill your place."
"I have confidence in you both," Jaimson said. "After all, you were the ones who won our victory. You kept calm and did not let the Mackensies and their friends escape."
"You may rate us too highly, but we will never give you reason to lose confidence in us, Father," Brian said. "As my sister has said, we will accept your challenge."
"Good," Governor Jaimson said with a smile. "I will be leaving almost immediately," he added getting up. The twins rose as well. "I will take my leave of you now. The Empire is now yours. Rule it well and make me proud."
"Yes, Father, we will," the twins replied.
Then Governor Jaimson left the room.
* * * * * *
"I still don't see why father has to leave so soon," Briana said to her brother as their father's ship disappeared into the sky.
"Maybe it's another test to see how much we can handle," Brian suggested.
"You know I'm getting a little tired of father's way of doing things," Briana announced. "I mean, does he trust us or doesn't he? We've practically bent over backwards to take over the Empire, and, for what; for him to leave and test us to see if we're ready for command. Enough already!"
"Calm down, Brie. Father knows what he's doing," Brian said.
"Well so do I," Briana said and walked away.
"Brie, wait. What are you going to do!" Brian called after her.
Briana kept walking.
"Come on, Brie. Talk to me," Brian said catching up to her. "What are you planning?"
"If it's a show he wants, it's a show he'll get!" Briana said.
"Slow down, Briana and tell me what you're going to do?" Brian said.
Briana stopped and faced her brother.
"How do I know you won't tattle to father on me?" she asked.
"Brie!" Brian exclaimed in a hurt tone. "You know I'd never tattle on you."
"Then help me overthrow father," Briana said.
"What!" Brian exclaimed.
"SHHH. You'll attract attention," Briana said.
"Overthrow father?" Brian repeated in a low voice as they continued to their quarters. "We can't do that."
"That's what father wants to prove," Briana said. "If we don't have the nerve to win total control from him, then we can't be deemed worthy for total control."
"But if you're wrong he could charge us with mutiny and we'd lose all the power we have now," Brian protested as they entered the living quarters.
"Does that mean you aren't with me?" Briana asked.
"I don't know, Brie. It's awfully risky."
"Decide, Brian. If you aren't with me... Don't make me flash my eyes at you," Briana said.
"You wouldn't dare," Brian said.
"If you aren't with me, I can't leave you with the knowledge of what I have planned," Briana said. "I hate to say this, but either you follow me or I'll lock the information away in your mind."
"You wouldn't do that..." Brian said. "You'd use your ability to control me not to make me forget. You are truly a Jaimson."
Brian knew the power of Briana's ability to hypnotize. Both of the dark haired twins had bewitching violet eyes that they could use to make a subject fall into their power within seconds of the sight of them. Brian knew that if Briana used her ability, he wouldn't be able to do anything about it.
"You drive a hard bargain," Brian sighed finally. "Okay, Briana, I'm with you. Together we will become high Emperor and Empress of the Empire. The Governor will not dictate to us."
Briana hugged her brother.
"You won't regret it," she told him.
"I hope not, but I'd rather regret it of my own free will rather than have you control me with those violet seas."
"You do understand that I was only looking out for our best interest," Briana said.
"Yeah well, we'll see about that," Brian said doubtfully.
"It's a battle of wits, Bri. If father is setting up a test to see if we're bold enough to try and double cross him, he will set up many obstacles for us," Briana said. "We have to anticipate his every move. Either way we won't give him a chance to prepare for us."
"I still say the test may simply be to see if we can run things. He may not be expecting an attack," Brian said.
"Oh he's expecting it all right," Briana said "Father already knows how we can take command."
"He's also seen that we can lead a successful take over," Brian pointed out.
"But he was actually at the head. Now we need to show independence." Briana said "Trust me." she added stepping closer to her brother. Brian noticed the sparkle in his sister's eyes. 
"Oh no you don't!" he said stepping back. "Keep those violet weapons away from me. I already said I'd help. That doesn't mean I can't have my own opinion about it."
Briana backed off.
"It's your doubts that worry me, brother. Confidence and determination are what we need to defeat our opponent."
"Our opponent is our father and if you're wrong no amount of flashing those eyes will get you out of the mess we'll be in."
"I'm willing to accept the consequences and take full responsibility if you want," Briana offered.
"And make me appear weak by not taking responsibility for my own actions? I think not. I'll face whatever comes on my own, thank you," Brian told her.
"I knew you'd see it my way," Briana said happily.
"Not yet, sister dear. I still think we might be making a mistake," Brian said.
"Trust me," Briana said. "I'm right."
"With those violet waves ready to strike at any time? Not on your life," Brian said. "This will take a little more proof for me to trust you."
"You have the same power," Briana said. "You could talk me out of it just as well as I could talk you into it."
"Don't tempt me," Brian said. "The only reason I haven't tried is... I admit... that your theory has merit and Father's disappointment is worse than any reprimand.
"Ah ha! So you do think I'm right!" Briana said triumphantly.
"The way I see it if you are right and we don't play along, Father will see it as a failure and we'll lose all we've worked for. If you're wrong Father may reprimand us for our boldness, but he may not lose faith in us because of it."
"Rationalize it all you want, but you think I'm right and you know it."
"Don't you have duties to perform or something?" 
"In other words get lost. Okay, but remember I'm right." Briana added and left the room.
* * * * * *
Justin and Andriana walked hand in hand through the beautiful Chrystalinian woods. Both tried to savour their time together, but the Rebellion was still hanging over them and marring the beauty of Chrystalina's most romantic hideaways.
"The scenery here is so beautiful," Andriana remarked at last. "I don't know how anyone could dream of changing it with the techno jumble we have back home."
"Don't dwell on it, An," Justin said. "No one will change my home planet's beauty."
"Do you think they know yet?" Andriana asked.
"Not a chance," Justin said. "We left enough evidence around to prove we're dead."
Andriana turned and looked into Justin's eyes.
"You're not as sure as you sound," she said. "We shouldn't have come back here."
"We had no where else to go," Justin said.
"Maybe Mary's right. Maybe I am at the root of the problem," Andriana said.
"That's nonsense," Justin said. "You had no control over what Briana did to you."
"It's too late now to undo what's been done at any rate," Andriana said. "We're fugitives and the Rebellion has won control."
"It's not over yet, Empress," Justin said. "Not by a long shot."
* * * * * *
"Okay try it again," Andrew directed Jeremy.
Jeremy switched on the engines of the star cruiser The Crystal Shard.
"All hail the great and glorious Jerico technology," Mary said sarcastically, when the engines made no sound.
"You're not helping, Mare," Jeremy said flipping the switch off again.
"I don't understand what's wrong with her," Andrew said.
"Maybe 'she's' homesick," Mary said. "Maybe 'she' knows there's no place for 'her' on Chrystalina."
"You know I could tell your mother how bad that wound really was," Jeremy said.
"And your point is?" Mary asked.
"I will if you don't get lost," Andrew promised.
"She'll have you in the hospital in a second and you'll be surrounded by doctors and tested and tested to make sure there is no infection and so on..." Jeremy added.
Just then Luke walked onto the Star Cruiser.
"Causing trouble again, Mare?" Luke asked.
"Who me?" Mary asked innocently.
"Get her out of here before I kill her, Luke," Jeremy said. 
"You'll have to catch me first," Mary said and disappeared.
Without a word Luke disappeared as well.
"Is he gone?" Mary asked becoming visible again.
"Not yet," Luke replied grabbing her from behind. "Come on trouble, let's go bother someone else," he added leading her off the ship.
"Do you understand her at all?" Andrew asked.
"She's happy to be home," Jeremy said. "It won't last much longer and she'll turn back to the problems we left behind."
"If you ask me she may have psychological problems. Bouncing from one emotion to another," Andrew said.
"There's nothing wrong with her," Jeremy said a little defensively. "If she let it all pass by without a second thought then I would worry. It's the way she deals with your planet's problems."
"I'm sorry I said anything," Andrew said.
"I think we need a break," Jeremy said.
"You're never going to make friends like that," James Mackensie said boarding the ship as Jeremy left.
"I suppose I was being careless," Andrew admitted. "I should have thought before I spoke. Both Jeremy and Luke get very defensive if anyone criticizes Mary."
"You do the same for your sister," James pointed out "And she for you."
"But that's family," Andrew said. "The relationship between those three is different."
"They may not be siblings under the regular definition of the term, but they are under the Amulet."
"Maybe you can figure out what's wrong with the Shard," Andrew said attempting to change the subject. "She hasn't worked since we landed, but I can't find the cause."
"Well let's see if your old father can't reason with her," James said as he turned to a control panel and Andrew explained what he had already tried.
* * * * * *
Emily Bradford Sr. sat happily with her youngest daughters Amanda and Emily as they waited for the cookies they had made that morning to bake. Suddenly the phone rang.
"Hello?" Emily Sr. spoke into the receiver.
"May I speak to Justin Bradford, please?" a woman asked.
"I'm afraid he's not home right now. Can I take a message."
"I must speak to him immediately," the woman said. "Is Mary Bradford at home?"
"I'm afraid not," Emily Sr. said. "I'll do my best to track them down though if it's that urgent."
"It is extremely urgent," The woman said. "Their presence is needed at the Prime Minister's residence."
"Oh dear," Emily Sr. said. "Yes, I will find them immediately."
"Is it the Prime Minister?" Amanda asked as her mother replaced the receiver.
"Yes. They've summoned Mary and Justin."
"On my way mom," Amanda said getting up.
"Do you know where they are?"
"I have a pretty good idea," Amanda replied and ran out the back door.
* * * * * * 
In the clearing near the cave sat the Crystal Shard. As Amanda approached she saw Jeremy walking down the ramp.
"Jem!" she called. "The Prime Minister has summoned you. Go get Mary and Luke and go to his house. I'll tell Justin."
"On my way Mand," Jeremy said and turned to search for Luke and Mary.
Amanda followed her instincts to find Justin. Deep into the woods and through to a small clearing were Justin and Andriana were sitting on a fallen log, kissing.
"Sorry guys. Duty calls, Justin," Amanda said as the startled lovers noticed her.
"What's up?" Justin asked.
"It's the Prime Minister," Amanda replied. "You're needed at his house."
"I'm sorry to cut our walk short," Justin said to Andriana.
"When duty calls ignoring it is useless," Andriana said.
"I love you," Justin added kissing her and running off.
"I didn't know Justin was involved in Chrystalina's Government that much," Andriana said.
"He, Mary, Luke and Jeremy have become very close to the Prime Minister. Between us, Jem is falling in love with the Prime Minister's Granddaughter Celeste Miller. Though they are being painfully quiet about it." Amanda said "They've been keeping him advised of our position for about two years now. He says their youth helps him stay strong."
"What's the matter with him?"
"He's been sick for some time now. I'm not sure of what. We didn’t know how bad it was till we got back. Some say it's old age catching up with him, but I think his illness will lead to a great deal more than just the death of an old man."
"The birth of a new rule perhaps?" Andriana asked.
"More precisely the birth of a new age," Amanda said.




Chapter 17
At the edge of the wood Justin met with the other three friends. Silently and swiftly they went to the Prime Minister Ellard Miller's residence where he lived with his granddaughter Celeste and two assistants, Senator Sarah Jaworski and Senator Stephanie Miles.
Both senators met them at the door.
"I'm so glad you made it," Senator Jaworski said. "The doctor isn't optimistic but HE has been asking for you."
"He just refuses to rest before he speaks with you," Senator Miles added. "As a result Miss Celeste and Miss Jessica refuse to rest either."
At that moment a tall dark-haired girl appeared at the top of the stairs. Jessica Bradford, cousin of Mary and Justin, had been staying to help Celeste during the Prime Minister's illness.
"He's fading," She said softly. "Please come up."
At the top of the stairs Luke stopped and turned to Jessica.
"I'm okay," she said. "It's been a long day and night. Go see him. I'm going to try to get Celeste to eat something."
Luke kissed her cheek.
"You're a good friend," he said. "We'll talk later."
Jessica smiled and nodded.
The room was brightly lit by the sunlight that streamed through the open windows. An auburn haired girl sat beside the bed. She rose and threw her arms around Jeremy's neck.
"He wants to speak to you alone," she said. "He's so stubborn, but so weak..."
"But my hearing is perfect," Prime Minister Ellard Miller called from his bed.
Celeste returned to her Grandfather's side and kissed his forehead.
"Goodnight sweet prince," she said softly.
Ellard Miller smiled.
"Goodnight sweet Princess," he replied.
"We'll be downstairs," Jessica said putting an arm around Celeste's shoulders.
"Come closer young ones," the old man called. "There is much to say and little time.
Slowly the four children approached. The small frail man in the bed smiled at them.
"My rays of youth," he said fondly. "So busy fighting the monsters of Jerico and yet you have time to come to me again."
"We wouldn't be anywhere else?" Mary said with tears in her eyes.
"Please don't cry, my dear," The old man said. "Tears make your beautiful young face all red."
Mary tried to smile.
"My young heroes. You have brought me more strength than the doctors ever thought possible for someone my age. Your youth has overpowered age, but nothing is forever and I fear age has caught up with me after all. Before I let it, I must ask you a favour."
"Anything," Justin said.
"From what you tell me the trouble on Jerico could come to Chrystalina at anytime," The Prime Minister explained. "She will need a strong government and a strong leader. You four have proven your love and dedication to this planet over and over. I know the battle of Jerico is not finished but I will not live to see then end of it. I am asking that you take over. I know that with Justin on my throne and you three at his side Chrystalina will be safe." 
"We're honoured that you would consider us," Justin said, "but there must be someone else who has more experience in governmental affairs."
"It's true that there are others who I considered for my job. All of them had experience in governmental affairs, but with the exception of Sarah and Stephanie, none of them had the benefit of your youth and no one could have the benefit of your own experience. Those in your group are the only ones who have traveled off this world since its birth. You used your own judgment and had the compassion to risk your lives to go to help the leaders of a government that tried to destroy your world. The experience you have received and will receive from those actions is something no one else could have and is the reason I am asking you to take my place."
"If it is your wish I will sit in your place and carry on your leadership proudly," Justin said.
"It must be your wish to accept this offer. Use your own leadership qualities, don't try to imitate an old man's fashion of leadership to make me proud. Your accomplishments and experience have already done that."
"You'll never be an old man. You're a young man who had to give up the fight early," Luke said.
"Remain forever youthful, children, for that is the key to long life and a successful reign," the Prime Minister told them. "I lost that key and now my youth has become only an old mask that has now shattered into pieces. Never let that happen."
"You haven't lost that key," Jeremy said. "You've passed it on to us and your youth will never be shattered like an old mask, it will live forever and shine like sun." 
The old Prime Minister chuckled.
"I leave it to you to prove youth can not be overpowered. Young or old, I am too sick to prove anything now."
"You already have," Mary whispered.
"My darling Mary," the Prime Minister said reaching up to stroke her cheek, "you with the fighting spirit and loving heart. Let him in. Don't turn your future away because of your past history."
Mary only nodded and smiled a little. Then the Prime Minister turned to Luke and Jeremy.
"I leave it to you two to take care of her," he said "However don't let that interfere with your own hearts, take care of them too. Luke, Jessica has told me her feelings are clear don't let her take after her cousin here," he added patting Mary's hand, "and play hard to get."
Luke smiled and nodded taking Mary's other hand.
 "Jeremy, take care of my grand daughter," The Prime Minister continued. "You and Celeste have great potential together if you can stop taking it slow. I can see it in your eyes and in hers you love each other. Let it happen."
Jeremy blushed a little but nodded. Finally the Prime Minister turned back to Justin.
"You take care of that new bride of yours too," he said. "I know you haven't quite reached that point yet but you will and I don't want you to let the task I have given you get in the way of that. She's a beautiful girl and she must not get away. It’s clear you two are destined for each other, just as Chrystalina and Jerico are destined to be connected. As leaders you can make it work, both personally and professionally. Now, I must take my leave of two other friends now, they are two very trusted and loyal servants Justin, who are willing and able to become additional counsel, along with the terrible trio here, as they have always been to me."
"I know, sir. I will value their own experience and knowledge," Justin said.
Ellard Miller smiled up at the four children.
"No farewells. Go on now, and don't look back." 
The four children rose silently. Mary bend over and kissed the old man gently on the forehead. 
Outside the room she held tight to her brother and cried softly. Ten minutes later the two young senators emerged from the room.
"He's gone," Senator Miles said with tears in her eyes.
"He had already explained his wishes. They are also written but they will not be revealed until you are ready to assume command," Senator Jaworski said.
"We realize you may not be able to do so immediately. If you wish we will take care of the arrangements and stand in until you are able to take over," Senator Miles explained.
"Thank you," Justin said, "but Chrystalina needs a strong and secure government. The population at large has no idea that Jerico is in turmoil and poses a threat. I'll take the position as soon as arrangements can be made for the transition."
"As you wish," Senator Jaworski said.
"Ellard Miller valued your counsel and your loyalty and reliability," Justin said. "I would value your continued service and experience as well."
"We will do our best, sir," Senator Miles said. 
"I hope you don't mind working for someone younger than you," Justin added.
"You aren't much younger than we are, Sir," Senator Jaworski said. "We are your servants, as Ellard Miller wished. If you will excuse us we have arrangements to make."
Justin nodded and the young senators left.
"I think I'll stay back a little while," Jeremy told Mary as Justin spoke to the Senators. "In case Celeste needs something."
Mary smiled a little.
"I suppose you'll attend to my cousin, Luke," she said.
"She's been pretty busy helping Celeste," Luke said.
"She could use the attention," Mary agreed. "Okay, lover boys. I'll cover for you. We'll fill the others in on the new circumstances." 
Tears filled her eyes.
"Will you be okay?" Luke asked.
"You two have ladies to attend to," Mary said "I'll be fine."
"Maybe you should do what Ellard suggested." Jeremy said "And let him..."
"Justin, let's get going," Mary said quickly "Jem and Luke are going to stay for a while."
Jeremy sighed as Mary and Justin left.
"I hope she doesn't hold that suggestion against me," he said. "I feel bad leaving her, but..."
"Mare's got to learn to do as she's told," Luke laughed, "and she won't do it if we let her hide from him behind us. There‘s no other reason she‘s been bugging him since we got back. Whether she likes it or not she has a thing for Andrew and she has to deal with that."
Jeremy nodded.
"And someone else needs your attention much more," Luke added.
Jeremy looked towards the stairs.
"Yeah and since His Honour told me to take care of her I must do it," he said, "because I always do as I'm told."
* * * * * *
The other children of the Amulet were waiting in the cave when Justin and his counsel returned. Amanda put her arms around her big sister as soon as she saw the traces of tears on Mary's face.
"Did you get there in time?" Amanda asked.
Mary nodded.
"He wanted to take his leave of us," Mary explained, "and to tell us who is to replace him." She looked over at her brother.
"You?" Jayson asked "How? We're fugitives."
"On Jerico," Justin said. "We have to keep the population believing that Jerico isn't a threat."
"And you must up hold the government before Jaimson gets word of this," Andriana said. "Chrystalina will seem very vulnerable without a leader."
"I am going to take the position as soon as possible," Justin said. "At large Mary, Luke and Jeremy will be part of my personal council with the Prime Minister’s assistant, but beyond that we can go on as usual." 
"Strange," Mary said distantly, "that such a loss would be such a benefit to us. The children of the Amulet have a public image to use while defending the planet. We must be extra careful not to reveal our true purpose to the government officials."
"You may find a little discomfort with older officials," Andrew said "I'm speaking from experience..."
"Please don't," Mary said. "We know where that discomfort led to."
"We had loyal subjects who needed time to adjust," Andriana returned a little hotly.
"It was a joke," Mary snapped.
"WE also have to keep tempers from flaring," Justin said quickly. "Especially among ourselves."
"Ellard Miller has been Prime Minister for years and always acknowledged the importance of young people," Amanda said calmly. "It's not new to the government officials."
"Where are Luke and Jeremy?" Leslie asked quickly.
"A couple of individuals needed their attention," Mary replied. "If you'll excuse me, I need to gather my thoughts."
"It's going to be tough on her with Luke and Jeremy looking somewhere else," Emily said softly to Leslie.
"If only someone else would check on her," Leslie agreed glancing at Andrew as he mumbled something about leaving to fix his ship.
"Unfortunately he's almost as stubborn as she is," Amanda commented softly.
"That's what makes them perfect for each other," Jayson replied.
Mary was standing at the door to the cave as Andrew exited.
"I am sorry for your loss," he said softly.
"Thank you," Mary said without looking at him.
Silence fell over them.
"I'm going to try to fix the ship," Andrew said.
"Good," Mary replied distractedly.
Andrew moved to say something then shook his head.
"I just wanted to..." he began, "never mind."
"Thanks," Mary said. "I'm fine."
Andrew moved passed her and over to the well camouflaged ship.
"Of course you realize the sooner we leave the sooner An and Justin will retreat to misery," he called back.
"We can cope," Mary replied.
"Yeah I'm sure you can," Andrew said and entered the ship.
Mary sighed with frustration and followed.
"I have had a very long day," she told him, "and I'm worried."
"I realize that," Andrew said without turning from the control panel he was examining. "I can't do anything about it, Mary."
"I didn't say you could," Mary said, "but my mind is elsewhere and your very pointed remark about your leaving was not responded to correctly. Justin and Andriana have no worry of being miserable. They have no intention of leaving each other now."
"They're being idealistic," Andrew returned turning to her. "Our two planets can co-exist but the governments and population at large cannot."
"Are we not good enough for the High and Mighty Empire?" Mary asked hotly.
"Did you want something?" Andrew demanded turning back to the panel.
"Not at all," Mary replied turning to leave.
"Mary," Andrew called after her. 
Mary turned.
"Once again my planet is in danger and guess whose great and powerful Empire is to blame," She said angrily.
Andrew stopped fixing the panel he had been working on and turned once again to face Mary. 
"I was wondering when you'd find the time to blame me again," Andrew said. "It's been what? Five minutes?"
"It all started with you," Mary said. "Why shouldn't I blame you?"
"Because this time my sister and I have no control or have you forgotten we didn't come here by choice." 
"Oh believe me I'm well aware of that. It's the only reason you're still here and yet it's also the reason we're on alert and I spent months away from my home instead of spending time with the sweetest kindest governmental official in the universe."
"So because you made an enemy you have to find someone to blame it on." 
"I wouldn't have had to make an enemy if your planet had kept to itself in the first place."
"It's ridiculous to try and reason with you. You obviously only see what you want to. But think about this, Mary. Our planet may be to blame for the Rebellion and the trouble we caused here three years ago, but you came to help us of your own free will. When you agreed to fight the Rebellion, you created an enemy for your planet. You're to blame for the danger as much as An and I are now."
"How can you say we're to blame? We were protecting our planet from an enemy that your planet created."
"This is pointless," Andrew said and turned back to the control panel. "Think what you want but just keep it to yourself."
Mary watched Andrew for a moment, and she turned to leave. Then she heard a tool clatter to the floor. She looked back in time to see Andrew jump away from the control panel as sparks began to fly from it. The sparks didn't last long and Andrew was able to turn the panel off.
"Are you okay?" Mary asked stepping closer.
"Are you still here?" Andrew asked turning to get a medical kit to get something to put on the burn he had received just before the sparks came out of the panel.
"Here let me see," Mary said taking his hand and examining the burn herself.
"It's just a small burn," Andrew told her. "It's nothing..."
Mary looked up at him.
"You sound like I do. I hate to have people fuss over me," she said.
Then she looked away and began to heal the wound.
"There," she said a few minutes later. "How does that feel?"
"Fine," Andrew said.
There was a long silence as Andrew and Mary found themselves gazing into each others eyes. Mary was still holding his hand, Andrew had held it there.
"I'd better go," Mary said finally.
"Yeah, I've got to figure out what happened," Andrew agreed but neither moved away. Instead they found themselves getting closer together and soon they began to kiss. 
Finally Mary pulled away and ran off the star cruiser and Andrew distractedly returned to the control panel.




Chapter 18
Jeremy sat cuddling Celeste as he felt Mary's distress.
"What's wrong?" Celeste asked.
"Nothing," Jeremy replied. "Just thinking."
"Maybe you should go make sure she's okay," Celeste said.
Jeremy smiled and kissed her gently.
"She'll be fine," he said. "She's just got to learn to deal with life's problems on her own."
"Jeremy, she's upset for the same reason I am," Celeste said.
"No," Jeremy said, "not quite. Sadness I could understand. She's angry and I can bet I know at whom."
"Who?" Celeste asked.
Jeremy hesitated.
"That's difficult to answer," he said.
"It's classified," Celeste said. "Okay. I don't need to know."
"I'm sorry," Jeremy said. "It's just best if you don't."
Celeste smiled.
"I don't need to know," she repeated. "You are a government official now and need to think security."
"It's not that I don't trust you," Jeremy said.
"I know," Celeste replied. "Are you sure Mary's okay?"
"Justin has gone for her," Jeremy said. "She'll be fine. It's a tense time."
Celeste smiled.
"I love you," she said. "Thank you for staying with me."
"I love you too," Jeremy said. "That's why I'm here."
"Are you sure?" Celeste asked.
"She's fine," Jeremy said. "I'll check on her later. I have other things to think about."
* * * * * *
Luke also felt Mary's distress as he sat talking to Jessica.
"She's upset," Jessica said. "Jeremy's occupied."
"She'll be fine," Luke said. "Justin's got it."
"Except, don't she and Justin often get into a fight when she's upset?" Jessica said.
"Jess, she'll be fine," Luke said. "She just doesn't want to face what she should."
"That's cryptic," Jessica said. "Does my cousin have a love interest I wasn't aware of?"
"Possibly," Luke said, "but I can't say more."
"Are we sworn to secrecy?" Jessica said.
"Something like that," Luke said. "I'd tell you if I could but..."
Jessica put a finger to his lips.
"Mare doesn't share easily," she said. "If she swore you to secrecy then you must keep that promise."
Luke smiled and kissed her finger.
"I'll explain it all one day," he said. "I promise. Right now I'd much rather talk about something else."
"What's that?" Jessica asked taking his hands.
"When are you going to promise to marry me?" Luke asked.
Jessica smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
"Whenever you ask," she said. "Honestly I always thought you and Mare would be a couple one day, or her and Jem."
"We've known for a while that she had someone else on her mind," Luke said. "We're family. Brothers and sister. Can you live with my instinct to follow her every now and then?"
"Mare has an instinct for trouble," Jessica smiled. "She needs someone to follow her and keep her out of that trouble."
"That's a full time job," Luke said. "Right now I'd much rather think of someone else."
"But she troubles you," Jessica said. "It's still against your instinct not to find her. Maybe I should ask Mary for permission for your hand in marriage."
Luke laughed and sat back.
"Maybe I should too," he agreed, "though it wouldn't stop her. She'd still run from her troubles until he faces her."
* * * * * *
Andriana and Justin saw Mary running away from the ship as they approached.
"I smell trouble," Justin said.
"Oh please don't tell me they were at it again," Andriana said.
"I'll go talk to Mary. You go make sure she hasn't killed Andrew," Justin said.
"It's too bad that could happen or that might be funny." Andriana said turning away from Justin as he followed his sister into the forest.
"Hey kiddo," Justin called to Mary as he spotted her sitting on an old fallen log deep in the forest. "I saw you running from the Shard what's up?"
"Nothing's up. Why should anything be up?" Mary said almost nervously.
"You didn't kill Andrew did you?" Justin asked.
"No. Why should I kill him?" Mary said.
"Because you hate him and you two are always arguing remember?"
"Oh yeah. Well, no I didn't kill him. Don't worry about it, Just."
"Now I know something's up."
"I just need to be alone," Mary said hugging her knees and looking away from her brother.
"I know you too well to believe that. Come on little sister you can talk to me," Justin said.
"Not now Justin. I'm not ready to talk," Mary said.
"Then something did happen," Justin concluded. "Did Andrew say something to upset you?"
"Go away Justin. If you're so curious ask Andrew. I don't want to talk about it," Mary said as she got up then ran off.
"Mare Wait!" Justin called after her. "Come back," he added, running after her.
Aboard the Crystal Shard Andrew was almost as willing to give information.
"Come on Andy there's obviously something bothering you," Andriana said. "What did she say?"
"Nothing An," Andrew said. "Nothing's wrong other than the fact that I'm frustrated with this hunk of junk. When I fix one problem another explodes into sparks."
"Are you sure that's all that's bothering you?" Andriana asked.
"Doesn't it bother you that we have no way to escape when this planet does fall under attack?" Andrew asked.
"You'll figure it out," Andriana said. "They didn't make you Emperor for nothing."
Just then a blast of sparks flew into the air.
"I'd like to know what then because my technological abilities seem to be failing," Andrew said.
"Take a break and think about what ever happened between you and Mary," Andriana said putting a hand on her brother's shoulder. "Come find me when you’re ready to talk."
Andrew turned to her and smiled.
"Thanks An," he said. "I'll think about it."
Andriana returned to the cave to wait for Justin. A few minutes later he appeared in the doorway.
"How did it go?" she asked.
"She's not talking," Justin said. "She ran off into the woods. Now she's hiding from me."
"Do you want help to look for her?" Andriana offered.
"She'll be okay," Justin said. "She'd just run off again if we found her. Did Andrew tell you anything."
"Not directly but from the way he was acting something happened between them," Andriana said. "Whatever it was shook him up thought."
"Mary too," Justin said. "I guess we'll just have to wait and see what happens." he added sitting on the couch and pulling Andriana down on his lap.
"It could be a while," Andriana commented. "Whatever shall we do while we wait?"
Justin kissed her on the lips.
"HMMM. There's an idea," Andriana said, right before they kissed again.
* * * * * *
A few days later on Chrystalina the planet mourned the death of the late Prime Minister as he was brought to his final resting place
Jeremy didn't hesitate to be by Celeste's side through the whole process. He worried about her. Ellard Miller had been her only blood relative. Now she was alone and vulnerable. Oh, Jessica would stay with her as long as she needed. Though she was a Bradford and she lived in the Capital City, Jessica's family lived many miles away. She'd stay with Celeste for as long as Celeste needed her and longer now that she and Luke were together but he still worried. If the Rebellion did come would the government security be enough.
Mary also wondered this. Celeste and Jessica knew very little about their true purpose. Mary knew Jeremy and Luke would never break security but the closer they became involved with these girls the harder it would be to keep it from them. Then again why shouldn't they be told. Both girls had shown slight powers beyond the norm for as long as Mary had known them. Celeste had an instinct for healing, not healing by touch but an instinct with very little study of the subject. Jessica had a keen sense of the future, similar to Luke's prophecy and an instinct of awareness of impending trouble or unexpected changes. These powers must be taken into account, and if they were to join the little circle of the Amulet's society they should be told what that society was really about. 
"And why you're so prone to trouble?" a voice asked softly.
Mary looked at Luke and smiled.
"You're going to marry Jess," Mary said. "It's a closer connection than any of us have ever had. It was hard enough to keep certain aspects of our duty from our parents. She and Celeste..."
"I agree," Luke said. "It's not fair to them and we can't protect them and the planet and the government all at once." 
Mary smiled.
"Then after the funeral you should sit her down," she said.
"I would," Luke said, "but something is on your mind. Or should I say someone."
"I don't want to talk about it," Mary said turning away just in time to catch Andrew's eye.
"Well I was right about the someone," Luke said "What happened?"
"Nothing," Mary replied. "We argued. What else happens between us?"
"You tell me," Luke said.
"Nothing," Mary replied. "Talk to Jem and bring them to H.Q. Tell them what's going on. Show your trust in them."
"I guess it's my fault for not catching you at the moment it happened," Luke said. "You've had time to stew over it."
"Not stew," Mary said. "Forget. Concentrate on your love life and your new bride to be. I'll let you know if I need to talk."
"I'll be here," Luke said as Mary walked away.
"Is she still upset?" Jessica asked as she approached.
"Yeah," Luke said, "but she's dealing with it in her own way."
He took her hand.
"I need to talk to you after everything calms down," he said.
"Maybe we should go for a walk," Jessica said.
Luke smiled and kissed her gently.
"That's a very good idea," he agreed.
* * * * * *
"Jeremy, I don't understand," Celeste said. "Where are we going?"
"To safety," Jeremy replied. "Your grandfather didn't know of this place but he knew why we used it."
"A cave?" Celeste asked stopping at the opening. She turned to Luke and Jessica. "Has he lost his mind?"
Luke smiled.
"Only over you," he said. "Not everything is as it seems." he added as the door opened in the back of the cave.
"Luke, what's going on?" Jessica asked.
"Welcome to our underground," Luke said.
"This?" Jessica asked. "This is where you disappear to?"
"In times of trouble," Jeremy said. "There's a lot to tell you both."
"This is the sacred duty you have," Celeste said. "The reason Grandpa left the leadership to you."
"We were chosen to protect this world from outside invaders," Jeremy said. "This is our headquarters. Our security system."
Both girls gasped as they entered the control room.
"But this..." Jessica stuttered, "this isn't from our world."
"It is," Luke said. "It was built long ago for this purpose. We were born to protect the world from..."
"Jerico," Jessica said. "You fought off the off-world invaders?"
"And we'll continue to fight off the threat," Jeremy said taking Celeste's hand. "We hope you're willing to be part of that fight."
Celeste smiled and kissed him.
"My grandfather was right," she said. "There was only one choice to lead Chrystalina's government. She is in good hand."
* * * * * *
The next afternoon Justin was presented to the population as the next Prime Minister of Chrystalina. Unknown to anyone a dark figure watched the ceremony from the shadows.
A short time later a coded message was sent from a private portable consol. 
SPY 1 REPORT.
THE PRIME MINISTER OF CHRYSTALINA IS DEAD.
THE NEW LEADER HAS BEEN NAMED SWORN IN.
EMPRESS AND EMPEROR MACKENSIE LIVE.
END REPORT.
"Brie wait up!" Brian called to his sister after getting the report.
"I thought I was bothering you," Briana said as her brother raced up to her. "What's wrong?"
"We were tricked!" Brian said.
"What are you talking about?" Briana asked.
"I got a spy report from Chrystalina," Brian explained. "The Mackensies are alive."
"That can't be," Briana said "Their ship exploded."
"Come and see for yourself," Brian said leading the way back to the living quarters. 
Briana read the message on the screen, but didn't comment.
"I don't know how, but they must have escaped," Brian said. "And if father finds out..."
"He won't. They will stay dead. Even if I have to kill them myself," Briana said. "I've worked too hard to get this far and fail."
"What about our other plans?" Brian asked.
"Father can wait," Briana said. "I don't want to take any chance of the Mackensies reclaiming the throne while we're off proving ourselves to him."
"I'll arrange for our immediate departure." Brian said. "Victory is still ours."




Chapter 19 
The evening of the swearing in ceremony, Justin proposed to Andriana, and Andrew finally confronted Mary.
It happened upon the night of an eclipse. Justin and Andriana had snuck away for a moonlight picnic, but they were more interested in the stars and each other than food. The moon was full and the night creatures were, as always, rustling in the forest.
"This reminds me of the night I first came to Chrystalina," Andriana said. "The night Andrew and I got our powers."
"The night fate stepped in and saved both our planets," Justin said. 
"And brought us together," Andriana added. "It'll be over soon. We'll be going back to Jerico."
"I know," Justin said taking her hand, "but your planet needs you. Just like Chrystalina needs me."
"I need you," Andriana said. "I can't bear the thought of losing you again."
"You won't lose me," Justin told her. "I love you. We have a bond that can't be broken no matter how long we're apart."
"I don't question that bond, but anything can happen," Andriana said.
"I know your fears. I felt them too and I came up with a solution," Justin said. He pulled a small box out of the picnic basket and opened it, revealing a small ring inside. "I know it may not be the best solution in other peoples eyes considering we are the rulers of two planets, but in my mind it is the best way," he took the ring out of the box. "An, will you do me the honour of becoming my Empress till death do us part?"
Andriana's eyes filled with tears as Justin put the ring on her finger.
"Oh Justin. I love you so much!" she said throwing her arms around his neck, then she kissed him.
As they kissed the moonlight disappeared then one strand beamed down on them and hit the Amulet Andriana wore. Bathed in the green glow the lovers held each other and savoured the moment.
* * * * * *
Mary stood on the doorstep of the cave and watched the eclipse as it began and though the night was warm, she shivered. Suddenly she realized someone put a coat over her shoulders. She looked away from the moon to see Andrew standing beside her. Silently she returned her gaze to the moon.
"It's always fascinated me how one astronomic wonder and a small green jewel could give such great powers," she said finally.
"It is amazing, but I've seen things and people that are much more perplexing," Andrew said.
Silence fell once again.
"Do you want to go for a walk?" Mary asked.
Andrew nodded and together they walked out into the field and into the forest beyond. Neither spoke till they stopped in a clearing. Mary sat down on a fallen log with her knees pulled up to her chest. Andrew sat beside her.
"Bet you never figured you'd ever be sitting beside a Chrystalinian, with no malicious intent while your grandfather was running the show," Mary said.
"To be honest I never had any real malicious intent. Sure I wanted power but after a while I decided I wasn't prepared to pay the price Grandfather had set for it," Andrew confessed.
"I never thought I'd hear you say something like that," Mary said. "I thought power was a priority no matter what."
"We both wanted to make Grandfather proud and confident that we could carry on as his successors," Andrew said.
"I'd say you accomplished that," Mary commented.
"What? A compliment? From the high and mighty Miss Bradford?" Andrew teased.
"What did your grandfather die of?" Mary asked.
"I don't know," Andrew replied. "I didn't know I had the healing powers then. I might have saved him."
Mary shook her head. 
"I doubt it." she said. "We have power to heal the mortally wounded, diagnose illness but we can't reverse death or time, you told me yourself he was dead when you found him."
"What do you want, Mary?" Andrew asked. "Something happened a couple of days ago and you haven't said two words to me since. Now... What's going on?"
"Ellard Miller told me something I didn't understand at the time, but then a couple of months ago, something happened. Sparks flew and a small flame seemed to flicker," Mary said. "As I remember I ended up healing a burn from that flame and then..." her voice trailed off.
"I wanted to talk to you about that but we got a little side tracked," Andrew said.
"For three years I watched my brother's heart ache as he missed Andriana. I can only imagine the true pain of that," Mary continued.
"I know how that feels. I watched An in the same pain," Andrew said.
"And we'll see it all again right?" Mary asked. "It's idealistic to think of such a continued relationship."
Andrew didn't reply.
"I don't think I'm any more ready to talk about this than I was a week ago," Mary said as she got up and began to walk away.
"Mary wait," Andrew said catching her by the arm and turning her to face him. "I need to know what happened that day. What did it mean?"
"Not now Andrew. Please," Mary said struggling to free herself from his grip.
"What are you afraid of?" he asked.
Mary stopped struggling but didn't reply. She stared at the ground for a moment until finally Andrew gently lifted her chin to look at him.
"We're no longer enemies, Mary. We're equals. Why do you still keep to the old grudges that won't let you talk to me?" Andrew said.
"We are no longer enemies. That day something sparked," Mary admitted. "Something other than the control panel. To be honest it scares me to think about it."
"What did he tell you?" Andrew asked. "What makes sense now that didn't then?"
"He said "Let Him in"." Mary said, she looked at Andrew for a moment. "He told me not to turn my future away because of our past history."
She looked away again.
"You've spent over three years hating me and my planet. To feel something else may be scary at first," Andrew said. "I know I felt that spark too."
Andrew had let go of Mary's arm by this time. They stood in silence for a moment. Then she realized he had taken her hand.
"You should go," Mary said. "You're leaving for home tomorrow. I expect you'll want to get some sleep."
"Suddenly I feel something towards you I've never felt before," Andrew said trying to get her to look at him.
"When you find a name for it give me a call," Mary said, finally meeting his gaze.
Suddenly a gust of wind came up almost blowing them over. As the moon disappeared they found themselves kissing once more and as the light reappeared a beam hit Mary's Amulet, surrounding them in a green glow. Suddenly Mary pulled away.
"No! This can't happen," she said though she left her hand in his.
"We should get back," Andrew said in a low voice. 
They returned to the cave hand in hand. At the door to the cave Andrew returned to his ship while Mary returned to her room in the cave.
A few moments later there was a knock on her door.
"Come in you two," Mary called.
Luke and Jeremy entered.
"Want to talk about it now Mare?" Luke asked.
"Not really," Mary said.
"Come on." Jeremy said "Tell us why you called us the afternoon of Ellard's death."
"I didn't mean to," Mary said. "I knew you were... So how did Jess and Celeste take the news?"
"They were a little surprised," Jeremy said. "But they'll adjust. I feel a lot better having Celeste down here with me than in that big house alone."
"Jem, you could have moved in and protected her," Mary said with a smile.
"I think it's a little soon for that," Jeremy said. "We're better off down here for now."
"I think he's afraid Ellard might haunt the house and watching them," Luke said.
Jeremy blushed.
"So what's the news and the beautiful Bradford cousin?" he countered.
"No news," Luke said. "We were talking about this Miss Bradford and her lonely companion..."
"We had a close encounter," Mary said. "There was a short circuit that burned him slightly. I healed it and... We kissed. We haven't spoken since, until tonight and..."
She looked up at her two friends.
"Something's wrong," she said suddenly.
"Mare, it isn't wrong..." Jeremy began.
"No," Luke cut in, "Not with her and Andrew. The Rebellion is on the way."
"Andrew's on the ship," Mary said rising. "Find everyone else. Justin and Andriana were having a picnic."
* * * * * *
Andrew looked up as Mary entered the ship.
"We have a problem," he said.
"What is it?" Mary asked.
"The sensors read a message leaving this planet from an unknown source. It was encoded beyond what Chrystal's systems would know to look for," Andrew explained. "We've been discovered."
"And the rebellion is on its way," Mary added, "or is here."
"What?" Andrew asked as Mary headed for the door. "Mary..."
Mary turned.
"They're out there," she replied. "There's no time to waste."
"What are you planning to do, confront them?" Andrew asked. "You're unarmed."
"Then be prepared to rescue me," Mary replied. "I think you can handle that Lord Emperor."
Mary vanished and Andrew returned to the controls. Then he saw them. Brian and Briana were emerging from the woods as Mary calmly walked in their direction.
"Well," Briana said. "Look what we have here Brian: a ghost."
"We meet again, Miss Bradford," Brian said raising his blaster.
"Not a meeting I looked forward to," Mary said. "So are you alone or have your followers already plagued my planet."
"I hear your brother has taken a new position in the government," Briana said. "We'd very much like to congratulate him."
Mary laughed.
"I wish I could oblige but I have cut all ties with my brother," she said. "See, I believe it was his love for the young Empress that put our planet in peril again. He had the chance to kill the Emperor and Empress and your father all at once, but didn't, and where did it get us? Our family has dispersed and you're back."
"So," Brian said grabbing Mary's arm. "You are of no use to us at all?"
"Probably not," Mary said. "Of course, if you kill me you'll have every patrol in the Capital city on you in a second. The city is on alert and even a blaster shot would summon them."
"Fortunately for you we aren't willing to risk trusting your lies," Briana said. "Whether you are or are not a servant of the new government you may be of use to us. Come and we'll chat aboard our ship."
"Brilliant work, Mary," Andrew said at first with distain; then he stopped. "Then again…if the sensors are working."
He hit several keys on the key pad in front of him and the board lit up.
"You knew that was going to happen, Mary. Are you a healer or a prophet?" he said happily. He scanned the orbit around Chrystalina and found the Emerald Star. "Come on baby it's time to go home," he said to the ship as he attempted to tap into the Emerald Star's computer. 
At that moment Andrew noticed Justin and Andriana returning from their picnic.
"Not now!" Andrew groaned. "Go back inside!"
He waved a hand and teleported Justin and Andriana to the cave.
"What just happened?" Andriana asked looking around. "Who did that?"
Justin looked around the edge of the cave wall.
"Mare!" he said suddenly as he saw Mary and the Jaimsons disappear into the woods. "Inside, quickly."
"What about Andrew?" 
"I don't see him," Justin said. "Let's go. We need at least one of you safe."
"Commander Jaimson to Emerald Star," Brian said into a communicator. "Three to beam directly to a holding cell."
"Stand by Sir," a voice replied. "I'm having trouble locking on to your position."
Mary looked back towards the opening to the woods.
"Andrew, let's go," she said softly.
A moment later she felt as though her legs were going to give out on her as she dematerialize and rematerialized aboard a vaguely familiar transporter pad.
"I said to a holding cell," Brian snapped.
"I didn't do it Sir," the trasporter chief said but his voice trailed off as the transporter came to life once more and Andrew appeared. 
Mary took the distraction to break away from Brian and disappeared.
"Drop your weapons," Andrew commanded raising a blaster he'd retrieved from his own ship.
"Emperor Mackensie!" the transporter chief exclaimed dropping to one knee.
"Fool!" Briana snapped. "The Emperor is dead. This is an impostor."
She moved to raise her blaster but found it was gone. Mary had disarmed both the Jaimsons without their knowledge. Andrew smiled as she moved to his side and reappeared.
"Impostor or not," he said. "Seems you no longer have the upper hand."
"Boy don't we feel foolish now," Mary said. "Lest you forget, the tables turned as soon as someone took me off my planet at the last encounter."
"Move back on to the transporter pad," Andrew commanded. "Move them to a holding cell."
"Not this time my Lord," Brian said pulling out a portable transporter. "Come and find us if you can. We'll be ready next time."
Before he could be stopped Brian activated the transporter and he and Briana dematerialized.
"Get them back," Andrew commanded.
"The controls are still jammed sire," the chief replied.
"Impossible I disengaged the jamming signal before I transported," Andrew said.
"Andrew he had a transporter," Mary said. "He's probably jamming the signal himself."
"Tell Captain Brinerson to meet me in the conference room," Andrew said "Tell no one else we're here."
"Yes Sir," the chief replied. "Welcome back Sir."
Andrew smiled and led Mary out of the room. Once outside Mary opened her communicator.
"Mary to Chrystal," she called.
"Mary, thank goodness," Chrystal said. "Where are you?"
"We're aboard the Emerald Star," Mary replied. "Andrew and I. Brian and Briana are on the planet. You must find them. They have a portable transporter but they are unarmed."
"We'll be back in a couple of hours," Andrew added. "We have some place to be."
"Congratulations, children," Chrystal said. "It seems the Empire is yours once again."
"Not yet," Andrew said. "But it won't be difficult. We'll be in touch."
Mary closed her communicator.
"You should transport Andriana and your parents up," she said.
"There's no time," Andrew said. "Brian and Briana must have a spy down there. We have to get to the Senate before Jaimson is told we're alive."
"Andrew..." Mary began.
"Mary please," Andrew began but stopped and added. "I will return you to the planet if you..."
Mary shook her head.
"Andriana is still safer on Chrystalina," she agreed. "I suppose we can't risk both royal necks till we overturn their victory. And my planet is still in peril. This is my job too."
Andrew smiled and took her hand.
"Thank you," he said.
Mary smiled back.
"Thank you for the rescue," she replied.
* * * * * *
In the shadows of the forest Briana and Brian talked together in low voices. Briana had her head in her hand in shame.
"We're finished," she said. "Father will be livid when he finds out."
"Calm down, Brie. We'll get out of this," Brian said. "We're at an advantage here. We can find out their secret and use it against them."
"I should have known when the transporter malfunctioned that we were in for trouble," Briana went on. "I should have known when she didn't seem surprised at our appearance."
"What I'd like to know is where did she come from?" Brian said. "How did she know we were there?"
"Beats me. OHHH! We made the same mistake the Mackensie twins made," Briana said angrily. "It was logged that they apprehended the Chrystalinian children personally and they managed to trick them. We should have shot first and asked questions later."
"Forget about it, Brie. It'll just agitate you," Brian said. "Let's just get to a lower ground. We need to regroup."
"REGROUP WHAT?" Briana demanded. "We have what? Two, maybe three, spies here?"
"Father started one rebellion on Jerico," Brian said. "What says we can't start another here. There must be people on Chrystalina who wish to upgrade their existence."
Briana smiled and nodded.
"That could work," she agreed.
"We'll bide our time sister dear," Brian said. "We'll have revenge and our victory too."
* * * * * *
Captain Brinerson entered the Conference room and almost fell back in shock.
"Emperor Mackensie!" he exclaimed falling to one knee at Andrew's feet. "When the transporter chief told me to meet the high commander here I thought... Welcome back Sire."
Mary smiled a little at the full grown man who cowered before Andrew.
"You're loving that aren't you," she thought.
Andrew glanced at her but she had turned to the window.
"Rise and report Captain," Andrew said.
"Governor... I mean Commander Jaimson has left the planet for parts unknown Sire," the Captain reported "His children beamed below a short time ago..."
"We're looking for them on the planet," Mary said. "Chrystalina's Government has just as much at stake in their capture as Jerico."
"May I introduce her highness, Ambassador Mary Bradford. Right hand to the Prime Minister of Chrystalina," Andrew said. "She has agreed to come and over see the return of my throne. She carries the same authority as the Empress and I have."
"Is the Empress..." the Captain began.
"She's in hiding until we secure Jerico's government," Mary said. "The Emperor thought it was best to leave her in safety under my government's care until the threat is gone. I agree."
"Return the ship to Jerico and tell no one save your immediate senior staff of our return," Andrew said. "We will meet with the senate immediately upon our arrival."
"Yes Sir," the captain replied. "I'll arrange it. Should I arrange quarters?"
"We can use the quarters the Jaimsons were using," Mary said. "Anything else would cause suspicion."
"Of course Ma'am," the captain replied. "I will contact you as we approach the home world."
"Thank you Captain," Andrew said. 
He turned to Mary as the captain left.
"Are you sure this is okay?" Andrew asked.
Mary nodded as she gazed out the window.
"We should teleport to the quarters," she said. "The captain will want to speak to his staff in here and the fewer people who see us in the halls the better."
Andrew nodded.
"I'm sorry," he said. "This was the best way I could think of."
"It was right," Mary said. "I just have trouble leaving my home planet. I'm easily home sick."
"I know what you mean," Andrew said moving closer to her. "I wish I could show you as much of my home world as I've seen of yours."
Mary turned to him.
"This is no time for romance, Andrew," she said. "It's idealistic. Remember."
"Mary..." Andrew began.
"Let's go," Mary said. "I need to freshen up before we reach your home world."
Andrew nodded and took her hand and teleported them to the Royal quarters. Neither spoke till they reached the planet.
* * * * * *
"Justin, I'm worried," Andriana said softly. "Those two are the last people who need to be alone."
"They'll be fine," Justin said. "It'll do them good."
"Good?" Andriana repeated. "Justin, they'll kill each other."
Justin laughed.
"Not before they get your Empire back," he said. "Trust me My Lady. They'll be fine. You're safe here Empress."
Andriana put her arms around his neck.
"I guess I'm anxious to get my throne back so I can concentrate on marrying a certain Prime Minister," she said.
"Why wait?" Justin asked. "While your brother and my sister get things on track we could have a quiet little ceremony..."
"Justin are you sure?" Andriana asked. "The complications... My brother... Your sister..."
"Would rather talk us out of it," Justin said. "Come on. While Mary and Andrew are securing the Empire let's secure the alliance between planets."
Andriana smiled and kissed him.
"Both are important issues and must be attended to." she agreed.
* * * * * *
"Emperor Mackensie we are so glad to see you back," Admiral James Warner said. "But where's the Empress..."
"She's on Chrystalina," Andrew replied. "Safe until we change this mess. May I present Ambassador Mary Bradford of Chrystalina."
"Have we made an official alliance with the Chrystalina Government?" Admiral Warner asked.
Andrew watched in admiration as the brooding young Miss Bradford transformed into the high government official. She stood tall and chose her words carefully.
"My brother, Prime Minister Bradford, feels it is to our advantage to be allied with the Jerico government given the Rebellion's dislike for both our planets," Mary replied.
Admiral Warner smiled.
"Welcome to Jerico, Ambassador," he said. "Now, if you'll follow me, we should get you inside. The senate agrees that your return should be announced as soon as possible but the Rebel forces are still in power and must be dealt with first. The population mourned the Royal family greatly. We managed to hold off the coronation of the Jaimsons in the name of technicalities. Your return should be no problem."
Andrew smiled.
"I wish it could have been handled differently," he said offering Mary his arm. "Is there any word on Commander Jaimson's location?"
"No, Sir," Admiral Warner replied. "He left without word. And his children..."
"Are being secured on my planet," Mary said. "He is the dangerous one. They are just foolish minions."
"We are aware of that, Ambassador and we are working on it," Admiral Warner replied.
"I know you are, Admiral," Mary said. "You'll have to excuse me. I am not use to space travel. I found it exhausting."
"Would you prefer to rest before we proceed?" Admiral Warner asked.
"I'll be fine, Admiral," Mary replied glancing at Andrew.
"We can't afford for Jaimson to get word of my return prematurely," Andrew added.
Admiral Warner nodded.
"Of course, Sire," he said. "The Jaimsons are too trusting. As per your orders, Sire, we let them think they were successful."
"Orders?" Mary asked "Andrew..."
"I made contact with the senate from my ship," Andrew replied. "Before it gave out completely."
"Fortunately your staff was successful in convincing the Jaimsons of their loyalty to them," Admiral Warner said.





Chapter 20
Mary stood dressed in an emerald green gown, borrowed from Andriana looking out at the crowd gathering below the Royal balcony.
"May I say, Ambassador, you look beautiful," Andrew said.
Mary smiled and turned.
"Are you sure about this?" she asked. "We don't know how many rebels are out there still."
"Our security is screening them carefully," Andrew said. "The population has a right to know its Emperor has returned. We've put it off too long as it is."
Mary nodded.
"You're sure you couldn't wait till Andriana..."
Andrew shook his head.
"This is better," he said. "Your presence represents the alliance. Just as Andriana's presence on Chrystalina represents it."
"Justin's first Prime Ministerial Speech and his right hand isn't there," Mary said.
"She's busy with other matters of state," Andrew said holding out a hand to her. "Don't worry. You need to show confidence. The whole world is watching." 
"Thanks, Andrew. I feel much better now," Mary said sarcastically. Then she smiled a little and took his hand. "Okay, My Lord, let's go meet your people," she added.
"People of Jerico," Admiral Warner announced. "You have been deceived. The Imperial Senate has discovered that the Imperial Family lives. From our information we have determined that the Emperor and Empress have been stranded for the last three months on the planet Chrystalina. Therefore, as of this moment, we are authorized to serve notice on those who would presume to attempt to kill the Royal family. Through great fortune we are able to present proof of these charges. Ladies and Gentlemen, your Emperor has returned."
A murmur swept over the crowd that had gathered from the Imperial City to hear the announcement, as Andrew and Mary stepped out onto the balcony. Then the multitude burst into applause.
"People of Jerico," Andrew said. "My sister and I wish to express our apologies for our sudden and untimely departure. For the past three months we have been stranded on Chrystalina having had our lives threatened by the Imperial Rebellion. During our time away we have formed an alliance with the Chrystalinian government and given a promise to protect it from those same. At this time the Empress is solidifying this alliance, having recently married the new Prime Minister Justin Bradford, brother of Ambassador Mary Bradford who has accompanied me on my return to show the good faith the governments now share."
Mary looked at Andrew and frowned. He wasn't supposed to introduce her but he smiled and nudged her to speak into the microphone.
"My government welcomes the alliance," Mary said. "Our planet has stood defenceless and we accept the Empire's offer of security assistance gratefully. We offer visitation to those curious but let it be known that we of the Chrystalina government wish to preserve the customs and traditions of our world and will not tolerate an attempt to change such customs." Mary smiled at Andrew who laughed a little at this pointed remark. "We, the officials of both planetary governments, bear no ill will to those who have followed former Commander Jaimson's orders; however, we will not tolerate any more such actions. From this moment on the Jaimson family is an enemy of the Jerico Empire and Chrystalina government and we will prosecute all those who continue to publicly show their loyalty to them. Should they elect to leave this planet and chose to descend upon Chrystalina let it be known we are a peaceful planet but protective and not tolerant to invaders."
Mary stepped away from the microphone.
"That'll teach you to put me on the spot." she said telepathically to Andrew.
"Over the next several months we will return the Empire to its original form while we compile a list of charges upon Jerold Jaimson and his children and those followers who chose to continue to support him. These charges will begin with the attempted murder of the royal family including my parents who have recently been found alive in the former Commander's control," Andrew continued. "As soon as it is possible my sister and our parents will return and she and I will renew our coronation vows as tradition dictates. Till then I leave you Admiral Warner who will keep the population informed of the progress. Thank you."
The crowd broke into applause once more and cries of joy were let out.
"LONG LIVE THE EMPIRE!"
"LONG LIVE THE EMPEROR!"
"LONG LIVE THE EMPRESS!"
"DOWN WITH THE JAIMSONS!"
Mary took Andrew's hand as they returned inside.
"Well said, My Lord," she said.
"Same to you, Ambassador," Andrew said. "Pointed remarks and all."
"The population must understand the conditions of this alliance," Mary said. "My planet will not be changed."
"Understood, Ambassador," Andrew said. "Now, that the formalities are over shall we dine?"
"First I'd like to see if I can catch Justin's speech back home," Mary said. "Chrystal should be recording it."
Andrew smiled.
"As you wish, Ambassador," he said bowing.
"Stop calling me that," Mary said.
"How about, My Lady," Andrew said.
Mary eyed him for a moment.
"Let's just stick to the non formal names," she said opening her communicator.
Andrew took it and patched it into a larger screen.
* * * * * *
Justin stood before a large crowd with Andriana at his side.
"People of Chrystalina," Justin said. "First of all I thank you for your time and attention and patience in my slow instatement in my position. Prior to my appointment I have been working with the former Prime Minister to form a stronger sense of security since the attack of Jerico three years ago.  Since then I have had chance to meet with the Jerico government and have managed to form an alliance of protection rather than a threat of invasion. As a sign of good faith the Empress herself has agreed to speak to these points."
A murmur traveled through the crowd.
"People of Chrystalina," Andriana said. "I would first like to apologize for the fear and sorrow for which our predecessor was responsible. The Jerico Empire offers its protection from other outside invaders and has no wish to change your beautiful world in any way, shape or form. We now understand the importance of maintaining your customs and traditions and whole-heartedly support that wish. Your government has shown me and my brother, the Emperor, great hospitality during our stay over the past three months and we extend the same to the people of Chrystalina. We stress, however, that our way of life and technological advances will not be passed on to Chrystalina without express governmental permission. Which Prime Minister Bradford has informed me will not be given without the population's consent as well."
Another murmur progressed through the crowd.
"I realize," Justin stepped in "That this announcement comes with reservations regarding this alliance, however my council and I see it as necessary. At this time a Rebellion force, led by one who followed the ideal of the former Imperial Governor, is being removed from Jerico’s Capital City, having attempted to attack the Imperial Government and threaten the safety and security of our world as well. With this offer of help and the ingenuity of my private council, we feel that a simple orbital guard will be sufficient to ward off any further invasion attempts." 
"My government alongside the Chrystalinian Government wishes to express to any of those who may join this Rebellion that it will not be tolerated. The beauty of this world and peaceful way of life will be maintained," Andriana interjected.
"Thus we will accept the offer of help from the Empire," Justin finished. "Right now, my second in command is on Jerico accepting that offer publicly before the people of Jerico. I, myself, having spent much time with the Empress have taken her hand in marriage. Under the advice of the former Prime Minister prior to his death. I thank you once again for your attention."
At first, the crowd was silent. Then someone began to clap and applause quickly swept over the crowd.
Justin took Andriana's hand.
"That went well," Andriana said softly.
"We'll see," Justin replied "The population isn't use to the threat of outside invaders. They weren't prepared for your invasion and they won't be for this one. Especially with Brian and Briana on the loose."
"That's where you must remain confident," Andriana said. "You can have no doubts. You will gain their confidence by keeping your promise of maintaining their way of life and protecting their peaceful planet. It would be taken as a deception if you didn't tell them of the threat and the alliance. Deception is not acceptable from a leader. Honesty will keep their confidence. And they wouldn't still be applauding if they didn't have some confidence already."
"I'm really glad you didn't go back to Jerico early," Justin said gently pulling her close. "I needed someone with leadership experience to help me through this time."
"You have that someone always," Andriana said as they moved closer for a kiss 
"And forever..." Justin added "My Lady."
* * * * * *
Several months later, having secured the Imperial city to the satisfaction of the Imperial Senate and royal security, Jerico welcomed its Royal family home and celebrated for many days. These celebrations were not only due to the renewal of the Emperor and Empress’s coronation vows or the return of the royal parents but the marriage of its Empress, alliance to Chrystalina and announcement of a royal pregnancy. 
Chrystalina's people also celebrated this announcement and the union, showing confidence in their new leader as they did the former Prime Minister.
Mary, to her own surprise as well as her family's remained on Jerico for these several months under the guise of ensuring Chrystalina's safety though many of the council knew the truth. She and Andrew wouldn't speak of their encounter for some time yet but the time she spent on Jerico would change the tone of the conversation from that of their previous discourse.
Until Mary's return Jeremy and Luke covered for her while their own relationships with Celeste and Jessica continued to grow. The Amulet Council, otherwise known as Justin's Private Council found having two councillors non-amulet blessed, yet powerful in their own right, in their confidence gave them a different view on the population at large they hadn’t realized previously. This created an understanding that would prove useful in continually gaining the population's governmental trust. Jessica and Celeste, also found advantages to being among the children of the amulet. Being a part of such an important group with such a crucial job and such caring members, filled a void left by despondent parents and deceased relatives.
But not everything ends well at this time. Deep in the shadows of the forest, too ashamed to contact their father empty-handed and unable to go back to their home planet or their father's new home world, Brian and Briana lay in wait on the planet of their defeat. Waiting for the time when they could redeem themselves. Whether it took days, months, or years they were determined to be victorious once again. 
Till that time, if ever, the Children of the Amulet would maintain their advantage from their new government positions and continue to celebrate their having managed to turn the tables and reclaim victory on this second relatively short lived round of....
The Battle Of The Empire.




Author's Note:
Hi there,
 This is L. M. Quinpool, author of the Children Of The Amulet Series and Calendrial Series. I hope you enjoyed the book you just read and you'll continue to read and enjoy more. There are lots of them and more to come! 
To find out more about me, my cover designer and, of course what's going on with my books (in print and in digital) go to http://www.quinpool.ca or if you just want to keep e- reading you can also go back to http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/quinpoolbooks and buy more of my e-books.
I'd also love to hear from you and find out what you thought of my stories at book@amulet.quinpool.ca or on facebook at: http://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/Children-of-the-Amulet-Series-By-L-M-Quinpool/158853350798288 
What ever you do I hope you keep reading and enjoying. Happy Reading and thanks for your business.
LMQ



See Quinpool.ca or Smashwords.com for more L. M. Quinpool books like:
The Children of the Amulet Series
Volume 1: Fight For Chrystalina
Volume 2: Battle Of The Empire
Volume 3: Hope and Victory
Volume 4: Final Scene
&
The Calendrial Series
The Lost Ones
Between Worlds
Behind The Door
The Unknowns
Enemy Within
Lost Army
Power Within
Lost Time
Final Play
Epilogue

