MOUS Investigations
The Ghoul from Galveston

Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2019 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Book Cover Art by 100 Covers.
Special thanks to my wife, Tammy. Without her support, none of this would have been possible.

If you haven’t read it yet, book 1 is available at most eBook sites. Visit my website for more information and links to specific formats.
http://www.StevenSterupJr.com/mous.html

Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Epilogue

Prologue
Mindy Creed crouched in the back of the cage. The bars were thicker than her fingers and rusty. As she crouched down, she tried not to touch the filth covered hay on the floor which smelled of hogs. She stared at the crisscrossed bars. The gap between them was too small for her to squeeze through, she had tried. At eight years old all she could think about was how she had ruined her brand-new dress and how angry her parents would be. She missed them and wanted to go home but was afraid of how much trouble she would be in.
She didn’t want her mom to be angry when she saw her dress. Her dad would lecture her about wearing her Sunday dress to school. She knew it was wrong but her Sunday dress was so pretty, and she wanted to show off for her friends. The pink dress had frills around the collar and puffy sleeves. The delicately embroidered flowers around the bottom were her favorite part. She had been so excited to show this dress off that she had disobeyed her father. He was going to be so angry with her.
Mindy’s light brown hair was long and curled around itself as it fell across her shoulders. She nervously played with the purple bow on her dress as she watched the man walk back and forth talking to himself. She had been held prisoner for two days now, but she wasn’t afraid of the man outside her cage. She also wasn’t hungry anymore. The blood covering her face and dress was evidence of that.
“What the hell are you?!” the man shouted then glanced at the dead man on the ground beside him. He had bled out in seconds when Mindy had sunk her shark-like teeth into his neck. She had taken out a piece as large as her mouth would allow. He still didn’t understand how a girl that small had opened her mouth to nearly engulf his partner’s neck.
“Just let me go home,” Mindy whined. “I’m going to be in trouble.”
She looked down at her dress. The man had dripped blood down one side. Her mom was going to ground her for a week. Her dad was going to yell. Still, all she wanted was to go home. She would face the punishment. Grounding and yelling would be better than this stinky cage and the stinky man outside of it.
The large man in stained coveralls paced once more. He weighed at least three hundred pounds, and his balding head was covered with grime.
“My daddy is going to be mad. Please let me go home,” Mindy pleaded.
“Is your daddy like you?” the man asked with wide eyes.
“No,” she replied.
The man let out a sigh of relief.
“He’d break these bars without even trying. He’s tougher than me,” she replied. “My daddy is going to be very mad. He’s going to hurt you if you don’t let me go. I’m supposed to be doing my chores.”
The man started pacing nervously once more.
“Someday I want to be strong like daddy,” Mindy went on.
“Shut up!” the man screamed.
“Mommy says if I eat…,” she started.
The man grabbed a cattle prod and stabbed it into Mindy’s stomach while he pulled the trigger. She convulsed then fell to the ground, but still, the man wouldn’t go near the cage. Instead, he took a few steps back then dialed a number with his phone.
“Matt’s dead. What was that guy’s number?” he asked.

Chapter 1
Zach stepped out of the car and stretched. He had slept the last half of the trip but only after Cassy had been convinced to go the speed limit. It wasn’t an easy sell, but after telling her the price of the ticket, in dollars and points from her license, she finally gave in.
Zach looked up at the setting sun and wondered how he was going to get to sleep in a strange bed. A car was different. The motion, the sounds, it was very relaxing. He inspected himself. The white shirt with the band logo wasn’t that wrinkled, and his blue jeans didn’t have holes. His wardrobe might not have been up to a five-star hotel but the local motel, in this five hundred person town, would probably think he dressed up for the occasion.
Cassy smirked as she looked across the top of the car at her partner. She loved teasing him, it was the highlight of her day, and he was giving her plenty of ammunition.
“Don’t worry, Zach. You look pretty,” she smirked.
“Hey, now! That’s sexist. I think,” he replied with a delayed grin.
“No. It would be sexist if you said it. I’m allowed,” she said then shut her door, pulled on her sunglasses then headed up to the small string of motel rooms.
As they walked along, Zach couldn’t stop himself from watching Cassy’s form. Why had she decided on yoga pants? Or maybe they were just tight sweat pants? He hadn’t worked up the nerve to ask her which they were. Then there was the shirt that was too large for her, cut off above the waist and hung across her body in a way that begged for him to stare. The soft skin on the curve of her back as it made its way down to… Why did Cassy have to dress like this?
Even though he was unable to keep his eyes off her, he avoided the subject of what she was wearing entirely. He had been promoted from maid slash bookkeeper to junior partner in less than a week. He wasn’t about to hit on his boss.
Even though she said they were partners, she still acted like the boss and Zach didn’t mind. Cassy had been doing this way longer than he had.
In truth, he also thought that Maggie was a partner, even though Cassy referred to her as the receptionist. Maggie’s responsibilities went well beyond receptionist, especially in this profession. A receptionist wasn’t required to look up specifics about what a ghoul actually was. Connor Mousman’s only account of a ghoul had been third-hand information, and very unhelpful.
Maggie had uncovered more information and corroborated quite a lot of it. It seemed that the accounts of ghouls being demons or undead was false, but the fact that they ate human corpses was very true. There were even accounts of ghouls eating live humans, though Maggie wasn’t quite sure if this was an isolated case or the norm.
This gave Zach the impression that his title as partner was provisionary, possibly honorary, at best. Though Cassy wouldn’t admit it, Maggie outranked him. If anyone was being let go due to money constraints, disagreements, or unprofessional behavior, it would be Zach.
When they made it to the motel office, Cassy walked straight up to the counter, ignoring the look on the teenage boy’s face.
Zach almost laughed as the young man stared across the counter. His eyes bulged as they worked their way down Cassy’s body. His mouth hung open, and all Zach could think about was how many insects this boy was going to pick from his teeth when he finally got it shut.
Cassy leaned across the counter, and Zach was certain that, for a moment, he had looked just like the boy across the counter. It wasn’t quite as funny when he pictured what he must have looked like.
He could just see himself. Bug-eyed and staring at the, very well formed, posterior that was covered by nothing more than a thin, almost see-through, layer of cloth. She must have worn a thong because he saw no panty lines.
What in the hell was he doing?! This was Cassy! Why was he letting himself think these things about her?! And why couldn’t he stop staring?!
He was sure Cassy would have been rolling on the floor or possibly firing him, depending on her mood. Thankfully, she hadn’t turned around. Or maybe, her not turning around was worse. Zach forced his gaze upward to quit staring at a side of Cassy he shouldn’t have been looking at.
That was about the time Zach noticed the mirror behind the boy and Cassy’s reflection smiling back at him. She looked over the top of her sunglasses and winked then continued her conversation with the attendant. Zach’s face went white; then it turned bright red. Cassy wasn’t staring at him in the mirror any longer, but she sure seemed pleased with herself for some reason. He was never going to hear the end of this one but, at least, she didn’t look angry.
Cassy got the room keys and handed Zach his. As Zach cringed and waited for the teasing that was sure to come his way, Cassy smiled then headed toward her room. Zach watched her walk away and was certain he’d never seen Cassy walk like that before. Her head high, her chest out and, if he didn’t know any better, he’d swear she was strutting. She was swaying her hips, making sure to put one foot in front of the other, for maximum effect. Yes, definitely strutting.
Reluctantly and very embarrassed, Zach followed Cassy and made sure to watch her feet. He wasn’t about to watch anything else. Either Cassy hadn’t noticed exactly where his eyes were glued, or she was just as embarrassed. These were the only two reasons Zach could come up with.
When Cassy stopped abruptly at her door, Zach nearly smashed into her.
“You’re over there, buddy,” she said with a laugh, that Zach would almost call a giggle, as she pushed her sunglasses up and let them sit on top of her head. What in the hell had gotten into Cassy? She seemed a little too happy, even for her. She pointed to the next door down, and Zach examined his key.
“Yeah,” he replied and, as he looked down at Cassy, he was caught off guard by her bizarre look. She was biting her lip, and her head was tipped down while her eyes looked up at him.
“Sweet dreams, Zach,” she said, and another short laugh followed, right before she went into her room and shut the door.
Now, not only was Zach very uncomfortable and embarrassed by his mistake, he was extremely confused. What had gotten into Cassy? Zach glanced at his key one more time then at the bar slash café slash truck stop across the street. It was only eight, maybe a drink or two would take his mind off his horribly inappropriate behavior. A few drinks might also help him get to sleep. He wasn’t the least bit tired. So, he headed off to Sander’s Eatery.

Chapter 2
Cassy peered through the windows of her room and watched Zach make his way across the street. A few times, he glanced back at her door, so she hid and laughed. Then Cassy grabbed her cell phone and hit the speed dial for Maggie.
“I did it!” Cassy shouted before Maggie could even say hello.
“Hi, Cassy,” Maggie said with annoyance. “You did what?”
“I got him!” Cassy said loudly as she flopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling. “I finally got him!”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Maggie asked.
“You remember what I’m wearing? What am I saying? You helped me pick it out,” Cassy said with a huge grin.
“You mean I tried to stop you from wearing it. I wouldn’t even wear that!” Maggie chastised.
“Whatever. They were your pants,” Cassy replied.
“In high school!” Maggie argued.
“Fine. Anyway. The point is. Zach noticed me,” Cassy said cheerfully. “He couldn’t take his eyes off me.”
“I told you to go slow,” Maggie scolded.
“I know, but I had to start somewhere,” Cassy argued.
“You don’t start in the middle. That’s just asking for trouble. Falling into bed so soon is a good way to throw it all away. You’re serious about him, right?” Maggie asked.
“I want to be,” Cassy said, her cheerfulness fading to amusement.
“Then go slower,” Maggie said.
“But he NOTICED me!” Cassy said, and her huge grin came back. “I’m going to head over to the bar and see what else he notices.”
“Wait! Cassy!” Maggie shouted, but Cassy hung up.

Chapter 3
While Cassy was speaking with Maggie on the phone, Xander was instructing Angela with the parts of his plan he could trust her with. They were outside the café Zach had just entered. Just to be safe, they were around the side where Cassy couldn’t see them.
“Just walk in and say what I told you,” Xander explained.
“But these clothes,” Angela said with disgust.
She had on thin-framed glasses, a white, long sleeve button up shirt and a red skirt that went to her knees. She was also appalled that she was required to wear flats the same color as the skirt. All the red in her wardrobe seemed to make her maroon hair look even more unreal, but that was what Xander wanted.
“They’re fine,” Xander comforted. “And try green.”
“At least let me wear heels,” she pleaded. Then she stared into Xander’s eyes and her eyes changed from flaming red to green.
“Atonement isn’t supposed to be fun. No heels,” Xander scolded. “Yes. Green works.”
“Fine!” she relented. “I just walk in there and say my line? That’s it?”
“I’m sure even you can figure out what to do from there. Just remember to act like I told you to.” Xander looked at her with impatience.
“Ok,” Angela sighed. “But don’t humans have last names?”
“Fine. Umm.” Xander grabbed a handful of her maroon hair then a smile that worried Angela, spread over his face. “Your hair reminds me of a grape. Concord.”
“That’s just stupid,” Angela balked.
“Here she comes. Go!” Xander said as he pushed Angela around the corner of the building.
Angela walked into the café, spotted Zach then went over her instructions one more time. After reviewing them, she sat down beside Zach, who was at a table by himself.
“Excuse me, sir,” she started.
“Yes?” Zach asked, looking up from his beer.
“I know this is cliché, but would you mind helping me change my tire?” she asked with a cringe.
Zach smiled before his eyes had the chance to see the beautiful woman sitting next to him. As he looked up, he gulped at the woman peering over the top of her glasses. Her maroon hair and her amazing green eyes were awe-inspiring, to say the least. Then he surveyed the rest of her. She wasn’t too thin. In fact, she was exactly his type. She could help him take his mind off what had happened earlier with Cassy, even if it was just to change a tire.
“Sure, why not?” Zach stood and held out his arm for her. “Lead the way.”
Angela noticed Cassy coming in the door, so she put her arm around Zach’s.
“It’s just a few hundred feet from here. I nearly made it to the motel,” she said with a laugh while she stared up at him.
Cassy stopped in the doorway, and first came anger, but it didn’t last long. Next came the crushing disappointment when she saw Zach smile down at the fake redhead. She felt all the energy and excitement from a few moments ago melt away, and it left her feeling drained. It was like every bit of happiness had slid its way to the floor and vanished.
“Hi, Cassy,” Zach said cheerfully as he met her in the doorway. Then he looked at his escort and appeared lost. “This is…”
“Angela Concord,” she said and held out her hand to Cassy.
Cassy shook it reluctantly.
“Hi,” Cassy replied curtly.
“Shall we?” Angela asked Zach.
“We’ll be back in a little bit. Grab a drink,” Zach said to Cassy, who didn’t need to be told twice.
After the two had left Cassy walked up to the bar looking like she was either going to start crying or kill someone. Both were entirely possible at this moment.
“Whiskey,” she barked at the bartender then changed her mind. “Never mind. Red wine. I’ll take the whole bottle.”
By the time Zach and Angela returned to the bar, Cassy was done with half the bottle. She had found an empty table and was sitting alone. While she had waited, the anger had subsided, and all that was left was the crushing disappointment.
“What are the odds of that?” Angela asked with a laugh.
“You have to be the unluckiest woman I’ve ever met,” Zach replied, also laughing.
Angela turned to Cassy.
“So, Cassy, right?” she asked, and Cassy nodded. “You gotta hear this. We get the tire changed, and I kiss Zach on the cheek for a thank you. Then I get in my car and turn the key.”
Zach couldn’t contain himself anymore.
“Boom!” he said, flailing his arms and leaning back. “Radiator hose busted. Hot water spraying everywhere. Steam so thick I couldn’t see Angela.”
Angela leaned close to Cassy.
“I’m really glad it’s a rental,” she said and smiled.
“So, what are you going to do now?” Zach asked, calming his laughter.
“Should be simple,” she said then pulled a cell phone out of her purse and dialed a number.
While Angela waited to be connected, Zach leaned toward Cassy.
“What’s wrong?” Zach asked with concern.
“Just,” Cassy said then scrambled for a good excuse. She couldn’t tell Zach the truth. “My dad.”
“Oh,” Zach said sadly. “I’m here if you want to talk.”
As Cassy was about to suggest they go back to her motel room and talk, Angela yelled.
“A week! You can’t be serious?!” She paused and listened, then anger surged again. “Well then you better hope to hell Mike can deliver the proposal as well as I can because I’m in the middle of bum-fucked nowhere! For a week!” She pushed the end button then looked like she was deciding whether or not to throw the phone. Eventually, she squeezed it, growled and tossed it in her purse.
“Bad news?” Zach asked meekly.
“No. It’s great news,” Angela replied sarcastically. “I get a vacation. Mike gets my contract!” She placed her elbows on the table, then propped her head on her hands and let out a sigh.
“It’s not all bad,” Zach said, trying to cheer her up.
“No. I suppose not. I met you.” Angela turned her head toward Zach then smiled.
“See. It’s looking up already.” He raised his eyebrows hopefully.
“You have a point,” she agreed then got up. “I suppose I should find myself a motel room before they’re booked up.” She laughed then looked at Zach. “See. I still have my sense of humor.” Zach returned the smile. “Would you meet me tomorrow for dinner? It’s getting late. I’m sure you guys have important business stuff to discuss. I mean. We’re in…umm…what’s this town called?” She looked at Zach with one eyebrow raised and a sweet smile.
“Galveston,” Zach replied.
“Riiiiiight…,” Angela said, unconvinced.
“Seriously. Galveston, Iowa,” Zach replied.
“Ha! When I get back to the office, I can honestly tell them that I had a night on the town with a cute guy in Galveston.” She leaned in and kissed Zach on the cheek one more time. “I’ll just leave out the part about it being in Iowa.”
“I’ll meet you here?” Zach asked.
“Where else are we going to get dinner?” Angela asked with a laugh then headed out the door.
Cassy’s depression was at the point where her mind couldn’t take it any longer, and it had nearly shut down. She finished the last of her wine in one guzzle.
There was not a chance in hell she was asking Zach back to her motel room now. Instead, she just stared at Zach with disbelief. How could he? Didn’t he get it? They were supposed to be together. Not him and Angela, the fake redhead, who didn’t even pause before kissing him on the cheek. Going slow didn’t win Zach. Going slow allowed time for a maroon haired, snazzy dressed, businesswoman to swoop in and steal him. Cassy’s head drooped but, just before she let it hit the table, she realized Zach was talking to her.
“Cassy?” Zach asked for the third time.
“What?” Cassy replied, pulling herself from her inner torment.
“Let’s get you to bed,” Zach said kindly then helped Cassy to her feet.
While Cassy stumbled and Zach led her to her room, Xander watched with elation.
“You were amazing!” he cheered then turned to notice Angela’s scowl.
Angela’s eyes turned red, and she kicked her shoes off.
“Am I done?” she asked angrily.
“Done?” Xander laughed. “Not even close.”
“So help me. If you tell me I have to sleep with him I’ll…” Angela started then realized who she was talking to as Xander’s amusement turned to anger.
“You’ll do what exactly? Throw yourself on my claws,” he said as black claws came out of his fingertips. He held up his hand and continued. “That’s so kind of you. Saving me the trouble of chasing you down.”
“I’m sorry, sire,” she said with her head bowed.
“You will do whatever it takes, Angela. You will go wherever this role leads you. If he wants to sleep with you. You’ll do it, and you’ll thank me for it.” Xander put his hand down, and his claws retracted.
“Yes, sire,” Angela replied.
“Don’t worry Angela. It won’t be much longer. The tests on his blood are already underway. Testing for magic has come a long way. The seers will know very soon,” Xander said in a comforting voice.
“As you wish,” Angela replied weakly. She let her shoulders slump, reluctantly picked up her shoes, then vanished.

Chapter 4
Cassy rolled out of bed and onto the floor with a thud. She propped herself up on her hands and knees then crawled toward the bathroom. She still had on the same clothes as yesterday. Why the hell had she downed a whole bottle again? Her head pounded, her stomach swayed, and the room felt like it was on water. She never wanted to see another bottle of red wine again. When she reached the bathroom sink, she pulled herself up, then stared at the image.
The anger returned but not at Zach and not at Angela.
“You’re an idiot!” she growled. “A naïve idiot!”
She turned on the faucet then splashed water on her face. Her mouth felt like she had chewed on the sheets all night, so she bent over and took a large drink. When she was standing up straight again, she stared at her reflection once more. The anger swelled, and her eyes turned ice blue then continued until they were white. She could see her breath as it fogged up the mirror, but she didn’t feel the cold.
“You threw yourself at him, and he just ignored you. What did you think would happen?” she asked herself angrily. The water coming from the faucet froze, and a thin layer of ice started making its way from the outer edges of the mirror. It cracked and snapped as it moved closer to the center. “He’ll never want you.” She pulled up her blonde hair and scowled even harder at the reflection. “And that’s why!”
As she finished the last word, the mirror shattered and fell into the sink. Shards of glass bounced around in the bowl of the sink and off the icicle coming from the faucet. Cassy pulled away, confused by what had just happened. What if the mirror had been a person? What if it had been Maggie or Zach? Chances are it would have been that woman Angela. Zach would be really impressed if she turned his date into a popsicle. She turned and left the bathroom then sat on the bed, trying to calm herself.
“Calm down. This isn’t you Cassy. Calm down,” she chanted over and over while she rocked back and forth.
Cassy was startled as a loud knock came at her door. She shot up and rushed to the door.
“Are you ok?” Zach asked, and his worry grew when he saw the state Cassy was in. “I heard breaking glass.”
Cassy walked back to the bed without saying a word then sat on the end. After shutting the door, Zach followed her then smirked.
“Did you have the AC on all night?” Zach asked with a laugh. “It’s gotta be like ten degrees in here?” Zach rubbed his arms for show as he sat beside her. It was a clever joke to help Cassy feel better. He could tell she was upset, and he knew why he could see his breath. He just didn’t understand the reason for it.
“Something’s wrong with me,” Cassy said, blankly staring at the floor.
“Nothing is wrong with you,” Zach replied assuredly.
“Look at my eyes,” she said, turning to stare right into his. As she stared, a calmness and warmth washed over her. Her anger faded, her self-loathing and self-pity vanished.
“They look fine to me. They were white again, but they went back to normal,” Zach relayed.
“You’ve seen them white before?” Cassy asked. She felt a million times better now, and she knew why but she wasn’t sure she should tell Zach. He had Angela now.
“Yes. When you get mad or upset, it’s like mine. When I get really angry mine turn red. Like really red,” he said with a laugh that seemed forced.
“Oh,” Cassy replied. “How do you calm down?”
This time Zach laughed nervously before he spoke. A quirk that told Cassy he was embarrassed about what he was about to say. She was beginning to figure out Zach but the mystery of why he ignored her still eluded her.
“I…I think about you. About what you would do and…umm…I think about staring into your eyes,” Zach replied, and his cheeks turned pink.
This needed some thought. Cassy stared at the floor once more. Zach was an enigma. One second he acted like he was interested in her, the next he acted like she was just a friend, then the next it was like she was invisible. The man needed to make up his damn mind!
“I need to try that,” she said after the uncomfortable pause. “Think about your eyes. I mean.”
Zach leaned in closer to Cassy.
“Why?” he asked.
Cassy turned and looked into his eyes once more.
“They make me feel comfortable and warm,” Cassy replied, and she leaned in a little closer.
Zach’s phone started ringing, and he stood up quickly.
“What do you need, Maggie?” he asked with a nervous laugh then shot a smile in Cassy’s direction.
Cassy’s heart fell. It had almost happened again. But, like before, something came up, and Zach changed his mind.
Zach covered the phone and spoke to Cassy.
“She has the address of where the family is staying. They’re at a friend’s house to avoid the media. Should we head out?” Zach asked with excitement.
“Let me grab a quick shower and throw on some clothes,” Cassy replied somberly as she forced herself to stand up. As Cassy was heading to the bathroom, the sink came on full blast. She turned to Zach and laughed. “Just in time. Seems my plumbing finally thawed out.”
Zach put his phone in his pocket and watched Cassy shut the bathroom door. He had nearly messed up again. If only Cassy wasn’t Cassy. Angela was pretty and exactly what he wanted…wasn’t she? What was his problem? Why couldn’t he quit making passes at Cassy? He had nearly kissed her twice now and was only saved by Maggie at the last second. He would have to thank Maggie in some way. Cassy was amazing and kind. What the hell would she want with an oaf like him? Besides, she wasn’t his type.
After Zach shut the door, on the way to his room, a thought occurred to him. What if he had been wrong all these years? What if his type wasn’t a sultry redhead? What if hair color didn’t mean a thing? What if what he was really looking for all these years wasn’t a type of woman at all, but a specific one? What if he had just been searching for Cassy? He put his hand to his head and walked the rest of the way to his room, trying to navigate the maze of thoughts. Even if he had been searching for Cassy, he couldn’t do a thing about it. It was Cassy. She’d never want him and, if he wasn’t careful, coming onto her was going to get him fired.
Back in Condance, Maggie set down her cell phone and looked up at Xander.
“How was that?” Maggie asked. She sat in Zach’s chair and leaned back with pride while crossing her arms. She was helping Zach and Cassy get together the right way.
“That was perfect,” he replied and started toward the front door.
“The timing was right?” she asked, hoping for more praise and assurance that she was doing the right thing.
Xander sighed, then turned around.
“Yes. My source says they were in Cassy’s room together and they were about to do something disastrous,” Xander explained then tried again for the door.
“Disastrous? You mean, have sex?” Maggie asked.
Again, Xander sighed and turned.
“Yes, Maggie. Like have sex,” he explained, but this time he waited.
“So, we stopped them?” Maggie badgered.
“Yes. Everything is fine. A few more weeks of this and maybe then they’ll be ready to take this relationship seriously,” Xander said. “Now I need to get back. Good-bye, Maggie.”
“Bye,” she replied with a wave, then crossed her arms once more, triumphantly. She was helping them.

Chapter 5
The tension in the air was almost visible as Zach sat in the passenger seat. Cassy drove to the address Maggie had given them unaware of the struggle going on in Zach’s head. He shot glances at his driver, his partner, and possibly the woman he had been searching for his whole life. Why did it have to be her? The one woman he couldn’t have. But, then again, that was the kind of cruel jokes fate like to play on him. Of course, it would be Cassy. The woman of his dreams had to be the most prevalent female in his life and, this part was very important. She had to be the one woman he could never be with.
His internal rant about fate’s cruelty faded as the breeze from Cassy’s car window swept through her damp hair. How could someone’s hair smell like that? The sweet, clean smell even overpowered the cheap motel shampoo. Then Zach surveyed the rest of her.
She wore a baggy tee shirt with some restaurant logo on it. It had a few holes and was faded. Her jeans were also somewhat baggy, with a few holes in one thigh, and tatters at the bottoms. Even in this ragged attire, Zach wondered how he could have been so oblivious this whole time. He hadn’t known Cassy long, but she was quite possibly the most beautiful woman he had ever met. If he hadn’t been so focused on her hair color, he might have noticed sooner. That was also one of fate’s tricks. Hide the thing you’re looking for right in front of you. Of course, fate would choose Cassy. It could be no one else.
She was refusing to look at him and upset but she was still gorgeous. Zach’s mouth started to curl into a smile. He had heard of the rose-colored glasses effect but never experienced it. He knew that’s what this was. Cassy wasn’t actually the most beautiful woman in the world, but it wasn’t his eyes he was seeing her with.
This realization forced Zach to speak. He needed to head this off before he became one of those men obsessing over a woman that would never want him. Even if it might already be too late.
“Is it ok if I go out to dinner with Angela tonight?” Zach asked. His stomach flipped, and his hands felt shaky. He had never done this before. Asked a woman one thing when he really wanted something else. All Cassy had to do was say no. No, I’m interested in you. No, I would rather go to dinner with you. Even no, you jackass are you blind? Anything with a no in it.
Cassy struggled with herself. She knew exactly what she wanted to say. She took a deep breath, held it then said the opposite.
“It’s fine. I’ll probably turn in early,” she said as her chest felt like it was being crushed.
“What if this turns out to be a big lead and we’re on stakeout all night?” Zach asked hopefully.
“Don’t worry. I can handle the stakeout on my own. I’ve done it a hundred times.” Now she felt like she was going to cry. Being nice SUCKED!!!
“But what if…” Zach started, and Cassy butted in.
“Whatever it is, I’ll make sure you make your date with Angela,” Cassy said with much less sadness than she felt.
Zach was quiet for a long time. She hadn’t shot him down, but only because he hadn’t asked. Actually, it was worse than that. She wasn’t interested. As Zach opened his mouth to ask one more question, Cassy pulled into a farmhouse with a pretty flower garden and a car out front.
It was a nice house with a two car garage beside it. It looked like the family cared for it. The porch had wooden columns with a fresh coat of paint and a swing attached to the roof. A man and a woman sat on the swing and jumped up as Cassy’s car pulled in.
The man was a little shorter than Zach and thinner, but his muscles looked sinewy and tough. He was probably a little older than them as well, maybe by a few years. The woman’s hair was sandy blonde, and it was in a ponytail. She was shorter than the man, probably shorter than Cassy and her muscles also shared the look of hard work done for years.
Both of them looked like they were dressed in their Sunday finest, probably in case reporters found them. Even though this small town wanted to be forgotten, a missing girl was ten o’clock news all over the state. If they didn’t find Mindy soon, it would be breaking news all over the country.
“Are you Cassy Mousman?” the man asked.
“That’s me,” Cassy replied.
“I’m Zach,” Zach said, raising his hand, though no one even acknowledged him.
The woman, obviously the mother of the missing girl, wiped tears from her eyes and handed Cassy a picture. While she did, she leaned in and whispered to Cassy.
“Does he know what we are?” the woman asked.
Zach had heard the exchange, so he butted in.
“I know exactly what you are,” he said confidently. “All I care about is your missing little girl.”
The father looked Zach over curiously then looked at Cassy.
“You two aren’t human,” he said, but it was almost a question.
“No. We’re not,” Cassy replied.
“We have money,” the mother jumped in.
“We don’t want your money. Not for this case,” Cassy reassured them. “We just want to find your little girl.”
“But your father…” the man started.
Zach saw the sadness sweep over Cassy then it vanished as she forced herself to smile.
“My dad did things his way. I do things mine. And Zach does what I tell him to do,” Cassy said with a wink.
“Yes, I do,” Zach agreed with a laugh.
“Seriously though, Zach is my partner. We just want to help you find your little girl. If you really want to repay us, we also need help,” Cassy said.
“Help with what?” the father asked. He stuck out his hand toward Zach. “Daniel Creed, and this is Veronica, my wife.” He motioned toward his wife who smiled.
Zach shook the man’s hand then nodded in acknowledgment to Veronica.
“Well, Daniel, Zach and I have a problem. Hundreds of supernatural orphans were deposited with human families about twenty-four years ago. We are two of them. The bad part is. We have no idea what we are,” Cassy explained. “We are hoping someone can help us figure this thing out. Or, at the very least, tell us what we are.”
“I’ve never met any of your kind, but we would be happy to ask around. Just please find Mindy,” Veronica pleaded.
“We won’t stop until we find her,” Cassy assured them. She didn’t exactly promise that they would find her. She only promised that they wouldn’t give up.
“What can you tell us about how she disappeared? What was she wearing? Where was she last seen? Anyone suspicious hanging around?” Zach asked as he pulled out a notepad and pen.
“She was walking home from school. We own a farm, but we live in town. About five blocks from her school,” Veronica explained. Veronica wrung her hands and glanced at her husband for assurance as she spoke.
Zach didn’t doubt her account. It was unlikely that there were any houses more than ten blocks from the one school in town and their look definitely said farmer to him. He glanced at Cassy, who looked at Veronica compassionately and knew his first assumption had been right. There was nothing suspicious about Veronica. This was a woman who had lost her little girl. It was understandable that she would be upset and flustered, her world had just been torn apart.
“Her friends said she went home alone. They all wanted to go to the park after school, but Mindy said she had to do her homework and chores first.” Daniel picked up when he realized his wife couldn’t finish. He spoke about his daughter with pride. Veronica shared the same look of pride as she smiled at her husband. This told Zach that Mindy did not get enticed into a vehicle, nor did she get lost, she had been taken forcefully. Mindy followed the rules, not because she was afraid of her father or mother, but because she was afraid to let them down. A girl like that would say no to a ride, even no to candy. Whoever did this would have had to capture this little girl.
“No one else saw anything,” Veronica added, the tears looked like they were about to start once more. Daniel scooted closer to his wife and put his arm around her shoulders.
“Hmm,” Cassy mused while Zach wrote everything down.
“We’ll need the names of all the friends. A detailed description of her clothes and…” Zach started as he handed the notepad to Veronica.
“Please. You have to find her before the police do,” Daniel pleaded.
Zach gave them an inquisitive look, so Veronica explained.
“We don’t eat live humans unless…” Veronica looked very guilty. “Unless we’re starving.”
“And she’s just a little girl. She won’t be able to control herself,” Daniel added frantically. “We don’t want anyone to get hurt. We just want our daughter back.”
“Won’t she…?” Zach asked and spread his arms.
“You are very unappetizing,” Veronica said with a warm smile that masked her sadness for a moment.
Cassy and Zach looked at each other with confusion. Unappetizing was a new way to describe what they were. Just thinking about it made Zach grin.
After Veronica wrote down the names of Mindy’s friends and what she was wearing, Zach and Cassy headed back to town.
“I want to make sure I’m on the same page as you,” Zach said and waited.
“Go ahead,” Cassy said. She looked deep in thought but not dismissive.
“Mindy was a good little girl. Listened to her parents because she liked being the good girl.” Zach paused, and Cassy nodded. “Only child. So no reason to act out.” Again Cassy nodded. “They seemed happy and normal. I picked up no cringes from the wife. The husband is very kind and gentle.” Cassy started to smile as she nodded once more. “So that means. Mindy was ambushed and taken. Someone had to have seen that. And she’s a ghoul. No one is taking her without a fight.”
“You’re pretty good at this,” Cassy said then was lost in thought again.
She had a strange look on her face. Like she was figuring out a tough math problem in her head. Zach knew that look. She had picked up on something he had missed. This was important. He needed to get this right. There was an eight-year-old girl missing, and she had been gone for three days. If they didn’t find her soon, she might never be found.
“What is it?” Zach asked.
“What is what?” Cassy asked in reply. The town was coming into view, along with a news van that was turning into the motel where they were staying. Zach’s assumption was proven correct when Cassy didn’t stop at the motel.
“You have that look. I missed something,” Zach stated.
“Ok. This is a small town, right?” Cassy asked. She wanted to ease Zach into this. He was pretty good, but he needed to learn how to think like an investigator.
“Condance is small. This town is very small,” Zach agreed.
“In small towns like this, you can’t even get cable TV installed without at least five people noticing. Right?” Cassy asked.
“Pretty much,” Zach agreed again.
“How did no one notice a little girl, they probably knew by name, getting grabbed?” Cassy asked, and Zach knew he was missing something.
“That’s what I’ve been saying,” Zach said. What was Cassy’s point?
“I mean at least one person had to have seen something. It’s a small town. That’s almost one hundred percent guaranteed. It was the middle of the day, right after school. Someone saw a child getting kidnapped and called the cops to report it. It’s a little girl. That’s what decent people do,” Cassy stated, hoping to push Zach along. He almost had it.
“We should go to the police station first. Maybe something fell through the cracks.” Zach looked at Cassy, hoping he was on the right track.
“You’re close. Though I doubt something fell through the cracks. Small town cops aren’t idiots. They know how to do their jobs. If a call came in and it’s not being reported then someone is hiding something,” Cassy said.
Zach leaned back. He was getting better at this job, but he wasn’t quite on Cassy’s level. Cassy was right; small-town cops were still cops. They knew what to do to find a missing girl. Cassy and Zach would not be looking for a screw-up or something the police missed. They were looking at the police station for an accomplice.

Chapter 6
“I know you’re working for the Creeds, but there isn’t much I can tell you,” Sheriff Gant said to Zach in a condescending tone. His scowl told Cassy that if they didn’t change tactics, they were getting nothing from him.
Cassy butted in. She knew exactly how to handle this. She had dealt with this type of man before. In fact, her father had been this type of man. As she thought carefully about what she wanted to say she was distracted by the reporters standing outside the police station. Apparently, Sheriff Gant was about to make a news statement. At least that’s what it looked like. There were people setting up cameras pointed at the front door and fancy dressed men and women getting their makeup put on for commentary afterward.
“Sir. I think you’re misunderstanding my partner,” Cassy started, and the sheriff turned to her. “We don’t want to step on your toes here. We also don’t want to waste our time going over things you’ve already looked at. We just want to help. Cover areas you don’t have the manpower to look at. Track down the small leads your men just can’t find the time to get to. We know you’re very busy. The Creeds have complete confidence in you. They just hired us to get more eyes out there looking for her.”
The sheriff looked at Cassy then his scowl loosened.
“We are a little swamped here. I just have two deputies and Earl here,” the sheriff motioned toward a very large, bald man with a mop. “Earl is janitor, mechanic and call center all in one.” Sheriff Gant let out a laugh, and Earl tried to smile, but even Zach knew he was hiding something.
“Do you mind if we look at the call logs?” Cassy asked.
“Why?” the sheriff asked, and his wall came back up. He stood straighter and crossed his arms.
“We don’t think you missed anything, sir,” Cassy said, and the sheriff uncrossed his arms. “We just have a hunch that whoever took her might have been spotted in the days or weeks beforehand. We don’t think this was an opportunistic grab. Predators usually watch the kids for days or weeks before they make their move. We’ll track down every car that was parked near the school in the last two weeks, and let you know what we find.”
“Actually, that would be very helpful,” the sheriff said, and his smile returned. “It’s on our list but with my two deputies going door to door asking what people have seen. I just haven’t found the time to assign someone to it.”
“Then, assign us,” Cassy said with a warm smile.
“Earl. Show our guests to the call log room. They have a lot of papers to go through,” he said, and his smile grew.
As they were following the huge man through a hallway, that was barely wide enough for him, Zach noticed the sweat on the back of his head. That was when he realized they were not going to search through the call logs. Cassy had something very different in mind. She was really good at this.
“Earl?” Cassy asked, and the man grunted.
“You do all these call logs yourself? And you maintain the cars? And you clean up the place?” Cassy asked, with each question, her voice got higher.
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied quietly.
“Do you ever get too busy to take a call?” Cassy asked, and Zach started to see where she was going.
“No, ma’am. There’s a phone in the garage, in the office and one back here. Wherever I am, there’s a phone. That is my first priority,” the man said with pride.
She’d done it, and Zach was even more impressed. Getting the sheriff to agree was impressive. Getting the grunting man to talk to her was almost a miracle. He wasn’t defensive, and he wasn’t worried about slipping up because Cassy wasn’t asking about Mindy.
“You work nine to five?” Cassy asked.
“No. I’m here at six AM, and I leave at around seven or eight,” he replied.
“You seem like the kind of man that never misses a day of work. Sick or ill, rain or shine, you’re here. Am I right?” Cassy asked with an upbeat tone.
“Yes, ma’am,” Earl answered, his pride swelling.
“Why didn’t they just ask you about the calls reporting parked cars? I’m sure a man like you remembers nearly every call for the last few weeks,” Cassy asked.
“Maybe,” Earl said, and this time his voice was less sturdy.
They finally reached the door at the end of the hall, and Earl unlocked it then ushered them inside. He waited by the door and looked nervous.
“So, Earl?” Cassy asked then looked at him. Her look turned menacing as she stared, and Earl’s panic rose. “Did they pay you to look the other way, or were you in on it?”
Earl stood there for a moment, his face white with fear, then he quickly slammed the door. As Cassy and Zach reached the knob, they heard it lock from the other side. Then they heard heavy footsteps running down the hall.
Zach slammed into the door, but it was solid steel and didn’t even budge. It was a security door in a police station. It was meant to stop people. Zach took a step back and tried again but still no movement.
“That’s not going to do it, Zach,” Cassy said as she scoured the table beside them. “We need a key.”
Zach turned and looked at the shelves and shelves of boxes. Each one was full of papers. There must have been ten years’ worth of call logs in this room.
“He’s getting away, Cassy,” Zach said adamantly.
“Use your brain, Zach. We can’t break it down.” She reached in her pocket and put in the number for the Galveston police station. It wasn’t hard to figure out. There was a poster, with the phone number on it, right in front of her.
Cassy waited while it rang and rang. After about ten rings, Sheriff Gant picked up.
“Sheriff. This is Cassy Mousman. We somehow got ourselves locked in the call log room. Think you can let us out?” Cassy asked.
Zach waited. Why wasn’t Cassy telling the sheriff to stop Earl?
“No. I don’t know where Earl went. It’s weird, right? Can you please let us out?” she asked calmly.
Cassy hung up and smiled at Zach.
“See. This will get us out much sooner than trying to break down that tank of a door,” she said with a laugh.
“But why didn’t you tell him about Earl? He’s probably still in the parking lot.” Zach looked at her with confusion. She just grinned in return then put her finger to her lips when she heard the sheriff unlocking the door.
Zach didn’t understand what she was doing, but he trusted her. There must be something he was missing again, and he was very thankful to have Cassy to teach him the right way to do things.
After a brief conversation with the sheriff, Cassy was able to get Earl’s address. She told him it was so she could check on Earl since the sheriff was so busy fending off reporters. Then, when they were in the car, she finally let Zach in on her plan.
“We don’t want a human sheriff finding Mindy after she’s been locked up for three days, do we?” she asked as she sped toward the farmhouse where Earl lived. The man had a large acreage with many outbuildings. She had been able to pry that much out of the sheriff in-between reporters asking questions about Mindy.
“I guess you’re right. With all these reporters here it would be breaking news in minutes. I can see it now. Eight-year-old eats town sheriff. That would be wonderful.” Now that Zach understood why she hadn’t told the sheriff, he felt very inadequate. He really needed to pick up the slack if he was going to be Cassy’s partner.
What exactly was he adding to this partnership? He had no idea what he was doing most of the time. He had a brother whose intentions were still a mystery. And, the most important quality of all in a partner. He did the most inappropriate things whenever Cassy was around. Stare at her stellar body, nearly kiss her any time they were close. He was a great asset. All sarcasm aside, Zach couldn’t comprehend why Cassy didn’t just fire him.

Chapter 7
At Earl’s house, they split up. After realizing that the house was empty, it seemed to be the fastest way to locate Mindy. Zach took the smaller, garage looking, buildings, there were three of them, while Cassy took the large barn out back. Earl’s truck, or at least they assumed it was Earl’s, was still parked in the driveway. The motor was ticking like it had just been turned off. He had to be here somewhere. Cassy had driven quickly, and Zach doubted Earl was willing to do ninety on a dirt road. They had probably just missed him getting out of his truck.
Cassy crept inside the large open door of the barn. It was still daylight outside, but the barn was dark. The few sun rays coming through the gaps in the siding didn’t help anything. In fact, they made it difficult to focus on what was in the shadows.
She slowly slid the large door shut, hoping that, for one, Earl would have to open it to escape, and for two, the increased darkness might help her focus her eyes. As her eyes adjusted, she saw a walkway between, what looked like, horse stalls. She cautiously walked through, checking her peripheral vision, sometimes darting her head to the side, but all the stalls were empty. Then she heard a small scratching sound, and her heart raced. Maybe Mindy was in the next room. The door at the end of the walkway was shut, but she could see a light bulb in the next room, and it was on. Someone was in there.
Cassy was horrified as she opened the door. A dead man lay on the ground in front of a large cage with bars made of one-inch rebar. The way the thick bars were welded in a crisscrossed pattern, leaving only a six-inch gap between them, she doubted she could bend the bars on this cage. Mindy might have been strong, but she was still eight years old. This was definitely where they had kept Mindy. And if that was the case. Where was she? As Cassy got closer to the cage, she heard something move beside her, and when she turned her head, everything went black.
Zach finished with his three buildings, and he was disappointed. They were filled with garbage, old farm machinery, and, in the case of the last one, completely empty. He had hoped to get a clue, something to help them find Mindy but he had found nothing. He just hoped Cassy was having better luck. As he headed into the barn, he heard voices.
“Where is your partner?” Earl’s voice rang out. He sounded angry.
“I told you. I left him in town. He’s trying to figure out who you helped,” Cassy lied. She spoke loudly, hoping Zach was nearby.
Zach heard a thud then Cassy grunted, and he nearly rushed at the door. Then he thought to himself. ‘What would Cassy do?’
“Where’s Mindy?” Cassy asked.
Zach heard a loud laugh from the man. Zach was nearly at the door now. Slow and stealthy. That’s how Cassy would handle this. He couldn’t afford to screw this up. Cassy’s life was at stake here. Doing things the Zach way was not an option.
As Zach snuck through the hay-covered ground, he hoped his footsteps were quieter than he was hearing. To him, it sounded as loud as a chainsaw, but Earl kept talking.
“I sold her,” Earl said and let out another laugh. “Are you one of those things? Maybe I can get a grand out of you too.”
“What things?” he heard Cassy ask.
Zach was at the door. He just needed to wait for the right moment. Catch Earl off guard. He desperately hoped the door didn’t squeak. He grabbed the handle and waited. There was no way for him to signal Cassy, but he could see through the crack in the door. Cassy was fine, tied to a metal chair, but fine. He just needed to wait.
Earl picked up a six by six that was nearly four feet long. What the hell was he going to do with that large piece of wood? Tie Cassy to it? It didn’t make sense to Zach.
“I doubt they’d give me much for you. You’re too bitchy,” Earl said and pulled back the six by six.
Suddenly, Zach realized what Earl was going to do. The anger didn’t build slowly this time. As Earl swung and connected with Cassy’s head, Zach’s rage exploded. He pulled the door off the hinges and lunged at the large man.
After getting to his feet, Zach turned to see Cassy. She was bleeding from her head, and she wasn’t moving. The anger, like he had never felt before, grew even stronger. He turned to the large man, who was also on his feet.
Earl growled and prepared to swing the six by six at Zach then he saw Zach’s eyes, Zach’s claws and the look on Zach’s face.
“You killed her,” Zach said in a low voice that wasn’t his own.
Earl froze then dropped the six by six and tried to back away, but Zach was on him in seconds. He lifted the large man by the throat, with one hand, then sneered at him.
“I’m going to enjoy this,” Zach bellowed. Zach pulled back his other hand, but as he was preparing to remove the man’s body parts, one by one, the room grew cold. Zach could see his breath as well as Earl’s. Then he heard her. In a voice that sounded heavenly to Zach, Cassy spoke.
“We don’t kill humans, Zach. Even if they deserve it,” she said in a voice that echoed through the room. Her voice was like millions of crystals clicking as she spoke. If ice had a voice, Zach thought that this was exactly how it would sound. To Zach, it sounded angelic, to Earl it was a terrifying screech, like nails on a chalkboard. She walked up beside Zach, and he just stared at her with amazement. Now, not only were her eyes white. Her hair was white as well. Her skin shimmered like it was turning to ice then she smiled and waved her hand toward Earl. The large man was pulled from Zach’s hand and went sailing through the wall, landing in one of the horse stalls. “But we can hurt them until they talk.”
“You look…,” Zach started but, for the first time in his life, Zach’s brain was faster than his mouth. The words beautiful, gorgeous, and amazing were some of the first to enter his mind, but he knew how they would sound. Then the words sexy, attractive, and hot zipped through but were also rejected. What finally came out was. “Intimidating.”
Cassy cocked her head and stared at Zach with the same look as earlier, the look of trying to figure out a tough math problem, then smiled. It wasn’t what Zach was going to say. That she knew. But, even though she had gotten pretty good at reading Zach, she wasn’t a mind reader.
“Your eyes do get really red,” Cassy mused then spun confidently and started walking toward Earl.
Zach just stared at the woman walking away from him. He thought she had been beautiful before. The white hair and sparkling skin. Her white eyes and that voice. This time it was not the rose-colored glasses effect. Looking at her now, like this, she WAS the most beautiful woman Zach had ever seen. There wasn’t a woman on earth who could possibly look like she did right now. This woman, what Cassy had become, was exactly who he had been looking for!

Chapter 8
Cassy tossed the bucket of water onto the large man. He jumped up, banged his head on the bars above him, then realized with terror where he was. Earl lunged at the bars and shook them.
“Let me out of here!” Earl shouted.
Zach sat in the chair Cassy had been tied too. One leg was bent, and the back had been snapped, but it still held his weight. He crossed his arms and waited for the show. He had nearly killed the man. He would let Cassy do the interrogation.
“What’s the matter? Don’t like being in your own cage?” Cassy mocked.
“Lawyer!” Earl shouted, and his fear was replaced with indifference. It was fake, and both of them knew it.
Cassy laughed, and Zach smirked.
“Oh.” She looked at Zach, then motioned to herself. “He thinks we’re cops,” Cassy said in a condescending tone that caused Earl’s fear to come back. She turned back to Earl. “No. We’re not cops. You saw us.” She waved to Zach. “You certainly saw him.”
Earl’s eyes focused on Zach. He looked normal now, but Earl remembered.
“What do you want? Please don’t kill me,” he pleaded.
Cassy looked around for a place to sit, but there was none. Her show would go over much better with somewhere to sit. She looked at Zach, then had a devious idea that would accomplish two goals at the same time. Cassy sauntered over to Zach with her arms crossed, not saying a word, then sat on one of Zach’s outstretched knees.
Zach was immediately stiff as a board. What the hell was Cassy doing? Uncomfortable was too kind a word to describe how Zach felt. He didn’t move a muscle but could swear he was shaking. His heart pounded loud enough that he could barely hear what Cassy was saying. And he was sweating. It was probably forty degrees in here. Cassy had lowered the temperature quite a lot. Why was he sweating?
Cassy stared at Earl with a satisfied grin.
“Tell us who you sold Mindy to, give us their number and confess to the police. You will tell them everything. How many girls. Where they all are. All of it.” Cassy leaned back a little, and Zach nearly jumped out of his skin.
“I’m not doing that,” Earl said, stone-faced.
Cassy had tortured Zach enough for now. Earl deserved more. She stood and walked over to the cage. Her claws came out, and she drug them across one of the bars. The screeching sound even made her cringe, but she didn’t let Earl see it. As he scooted away from the bars, his confidence returned.
“You’re not going to do anything to me,” he said with confidence that faltered at the end.
Cassy crouched down to be on his level then grabbed the bars. Her most recent eruption of anger had given her a little more insight into her powers. She knew she could do it. It was just a matter of getting her body to cooperate. She shut her eyes and squeezed the bars, hoping.
“What are you doing?” Earl asked. He panicked then he looked at Zach. “WHAT’S SHE DOING?!”
“If you ask me. I think she’s about to turn you into an icicle,” Zach said with a laugh. “At least parts of you.”
Cassy sitting on his knee. Did that mean something? Although his logical mind wanted to stay focused on the man in front of him. The one who had kidnapped a little girl, possibly many little girls. He couldn’t stop thinking about Cassy.
“Wait,” Earl pleaded.
Cassy opened her eyes, and they were white once more.
“Wait!” he shouted.
He saw the frost appearing on the bars as the cold crept through them.
“Remember, Cassy, we don’t kill humans,” Zach teased. It was more for show than anything. Cassy would never do what he had done. She would never let her anger get out of control.
“A little frostbite won’t kill him,” Cassy said, and her voice was once again angelic. Zach had a hard time describing it. It sounded like crystals as she spoke. The tiny, little snaps, like sand being poured or ice cracking in a glass of water, only softer. It was beautiful, almost as beautiful as she was.
Zach watched as Cassy’s hair slowly turned white. It started at the roots and worked its way down. Then he noticed her skin changing. It was the same as the hair. It started around the center of her and worked its way out. He could see the small crystals in her skin inching their way to her hands.
“You have about twenty seconds before that reaches the bars,” Zach warned as he pointed to the skin on Cassy’s arms.
“Wait! I’ll tell you! Just WAIT!!!” Earl sounded like he was about to start crying.
The crystal skin and white hair reversed then eventually reverted to normal. As Zach watched, he was even more impressed. Cassy had such control. He wondered if he could do something like that. Then he remembered Cassy throwing the huge man without even touching him. That would certainly need to be a conversation, but not now, not in front of the human.
“Start talking,” Cassy growled, her voice back to normal.
“What are we going to do about him?” Zach asked.
“What do you mean?” Cassy asked as she turned her head to look at Zach. Her eyes were still light blue, not quite back to normal, and very pretty.
“He’ll tell someone about us,” Zach stated.
Cassy turned back to Earl. She was still holding the bars, and he was still cowering as far away as he could get.
“You wouldn’t tell anyone about us, would you?” she asked, a hint of the angelic voice resonated then she pulled with her left hand. The bar snapped. “There’s nowhere you can hide from us. You tell the cops but leave us out of it, or I might just have to visit you in jail.” After she finished, she squeezed her other hand, and the bar beneath it shattered.
“No. No. I won’t say a word,” Earl pleaded.
“Then tell us who has Mindy,” Cassy ordered angrily.

Chapter 9
It took three hours before the police allowed Zach and Cassy to return to their motel. Earl and his partner, Matt, had taken fifteen little girls from all around the country. Fourteen of them were buried out back. Matt had been the one to collect them, and Earl had been the one to keep them. The thought of what had happened in that barn sickened the hardened police officers and even the FBI agents who had eventually shown up.
The officers didn’t understand why Earl was so cooperative. He explained every detail of their operation. How Matt, a long haul trucker, had used a network of individuals to target little girls that were often alone. Though they didn’t know it now, over the next week, Earl’s cooperation would lead to nearly thirty arrests.
The feeling in the car as Cassy and Zach drove back to their motel was somber, to say the least. Neither of them felt like talking. What they had uncovered was so much worse than they had imagined.
When they reached the motel, and Cassy turned the car off, Zach didn’t feel like getting out. Apparently neither did Cassy. Since she was still sitting with both hands on the wheel, just staring out at nothing.
“We did the right thing, didn’t we?” Zach asked.
“Yes, Zach. We did the right thing,” Cassy replied without looking at him.
“I really wanted to kill him. Especially after he started telling us what they did,” Zach said, hoping to be talked down.
“If we had killed him, many other little girls would have gone missing. Many other little girls would have died. By not killing him, we saved them,” Cassy said calmly. She turned to Zach, and a warm but sad smile appeared. “We did the right thing.”
“Just thinking about it makes me so mad!” Zach shouted and looked at the claws that had appeared from his fingertips.
Cassy calmly grabbed both his hands with hers then spoke softly.
“Just look at my eyes. We did everything we could do.” Cassy stared, and Zach returned her gaze. “The people who helped them will also be punished. We did a good thing tonight.”
The fire he felt dimmed, and his red eyes faded as he stared deeply into the serene pools of Cassy’s eyes.
“Thanks, Cassy,” Zach said with a smile.
“Any time, Zach.” Cassy released his hands then got out of the car. Zach followed her lead.
At Cassy’s door, Zach wasn’t ready to let her go, but he had a date to get to. Cassy hadn’t tried to talk him out of it, but he still didn’t want to go. He lingered, hoping, as Cassy turned to him.
“I’m sure Angela is waiting,” Cassy said quietly. “We’ll start on these people tomorrow.” Cassy held up a piece of paper with a phone number and a name.
There was nothing they could do about it tonight. From Earl’s description, the group was a paramilitary organization that hunted supernatural creatures. In the world of the dark web, the place Earl and Matt had used to find their prey, these kinds of things were commonplace. Most of the time, they were just crazy individuals, but Earl had found one that was legitimate. They were willing to pay one thousand dollars for live specimens, five hundred for dead ones.
Finding these people, let alone, getting Mindy out, would take a while. These people weren’t pedophiles or sickos. They were well organized and well-funded. The people they were dealing with would not kill Mindy. She would be studied for years. They had time to do this correctly.
“Do you mind if I stop over later? If I get angry again, I mean,” Zach asked nervously.
Cassy looked up at him and smiled.
“You’re welcome any time but knock first. Remember, I sleep in the nude,” she said with a smirk.
“I know that isn’t true,” Zach said and returned the smile. “You always get up wearing the same clothes.”
“You’re first solo deduction. You’ll make a good investigator yet,” Cassy said then opened her door.
As Zach watched the door close, he desperately wanted to stop her. He wanted to spend the night talking to Cassy. Even talking sounded more interesting than his date with Angela. Angela was pretty and funny. Her laugh was contagious, but she wasn’t Cassy. He turned and headed toward his room to get ready, dreading the night ahead of him. He didn’t want to hurt Angela’s feelings. She was a kind woman and very nice. It wasn’t her fault that she wasn’t Cassy. He’d just have to find a way to let her down easy.

Chapter 10
Zach walked into Sander’s Eatery with apprehension. He knew what he wanted to tell Angela but not how to say it without hurting her feelings. He noticed the maroon-haired, very attractive woman sitting at a table. When he looked down at his own clothes, he realized he probably should have worn something more than blue jeans and a black polo shirt.
Angela had on a stunning red dress. It had frill over the shoulders, down the lapel and ended right above her knees. Her hair was done up into some kind of braid in the back, but her bangs and the sides were left down. She had gone all out. This was a real date to Angela, to Zach, it was just dinner. He felt bad for her, and angry at himself, as he sat down.
Angela looked up at him with a pretty smile then saw the look on his face.
“What’s wrong?” she asked with concern.
“I’m really sorry. I’ve had a very taxing night,” Zach said, avoiding the conversation about his feelings. Or rather, the fact that he didn’t have any for Angela. She was nice and very beautiful, but there were no feelings when he looked at her.
Every time he even thought about Cassy, he had a strong desire to be close to her. To talk to her. He never wanted to be away from Cassy. When he looked at Angela, all he felt was a nagging in the back of his mind. Like every moment with Angela was time wasted. Time that should have been spent with Cassy instead. 
“Why don’t you tell me about it? Our food can wait,” she said.
Zach looked down and saw the menus sitting in front of both of them. He really wasn’t hungry, but talking sounded nice.
“We’re looking into that missing girl, Mindy Creed,” Zach started.
“I’ve heard about her,” Angela said.
“Well, we didn’t find her, but we did find the men who took her. And…” Zach wasn’t sure how to explain the rest.
“Take your time, Zach,” she said and put her hand on top of his.
“They were responsible for kidnapping and killing fourteen little girls from six through ten, but they had sold Mindy off before we got there,” Zach said, feeling the weight lift a little. Talking to Angela wasn’t like talking to Cassy, but it did help.
Angela stared at Zach for a moment before she answered. He wasn’t like Xander at all. Zach cared about others. This man was genuinely upset about mere human girls. In Angela’s mind, it was like crying about a dead goldfish. To her, humans were inconsequential and insignificant creatures, but that was how she had been raised. The empathy coming from Zach was surprising to her. A man as powerful as Zach actually cared about humans, and women no less.
“That’s horrible,” Angela said, using Zach’s sadness to formulate the correct response. Why did Zach care about these human girls? Didn’t he know how far above them he was? Perhaps it was the fact that he had been raised by humans. Maybe that gave him a weakness for them? Zach didn’t know the truth. He knew nothing about his birth parents.
“Well, enough about my depressing day. How was yours?” Zach asked and forced a smile.
“Umm…” Angela froze. Xander hadn’t prepared a story for her this time. She was supposed to listen to Zach and possibly have sex with him, not talk to him. She went over her part in her mind, then thought of a good story. “I called my boss again, still no way for me to get out of here.” She laughed while keeping an eye on Zach’s response.
“I told you it’s not so bad. You have a friend staying here too,” Zach said, carefully working the word friend into the conversation. Being subtle and letting her figure it out might be disappointing but it would be much less embarrassing.
Angela stared at Zach, unsure of what to say. Friend? Men were not friends with women. Men were in charge; women did what they were told. This whole ordeal, being here with Zach, was a punishment for failing Xander. As she thought this, her mind argued with itself. If this was a punishment, she’d gladly take more.
“So, have you seen all the sights yet?” Zach asked with a smirk.
“Oh yeah,” Angela joked. “All five minutes of them.”
“Oh, dang. You sprang for the grand tour,” Zach said and laughed. He held up his hand, and a waitress started toward them. “We should probably order something.”
Angela just smiled kindly at Zach. Her experience with the human world was small, mostly derived from explanations Xander had given her. She had very little experience with the mundane existence they survived, but this was nice. Talking…to a friend...who expected nothing more from her than a response. There was no tension, no fear. She wasn’t on edge, waiting to be scolded or told what to do. Men from her world were nothing like Zach.
After ordering the food, Zach was much more comfortable. He had put the word ‘friend’ out there, and Angela hadn’t looked upset. Perhaps he had misread this situation. A friend he could have, he needed more friends.
“So, tell me about your partner,” Angela said while she devoured her food. Human food was very colorful and flavorful. She hadn’t expected that.
“Do you really want to hear about Cassy?” Zach asked as he took another bite himself. Angela reminded him of Sheri. Not that she was gay, he was pretty sure she wasn’t, but the comfort he felt talking to her was refreshing. Now that he had made it clear they were just friends, it was easy.
“Yes,” Angela said between mouthfuls. She wasn’t embarrassed to be eating so much and was almost ready to ordered seconds. In her world, things were very different. You ate when you could, whatever you could. She was not about to pass up food. Had she known this, she would have come to the human world much sooner. This food was amazing.
“Ok. You asked for it,” Zach warned with a laugh. “So, she says we’re partners, but she’s really still my boss.”
Angela stopped eating and looked up at Zach with confusion.
“Cassy is your boss?” she asked.
“Yeah, she calls me a partner, but I think that’s to prop up my ego or something. I’m, seriously, just along for the ride. I mostly just try not to get in her way.” Zach was enjoying himself more than he had anticipated. “Tell me about your boss. Is he one of those ‘Jump when I say jump’ types?”
Angela let the information sink in before answering. Cassy was his boss. A woman telling a man what to do? In her world, women were soldiers, workers, and, when the man deemed her worthy, lovers. They did not get to choose. This human world was strange.
“Yes, my boss is very strict,” Angela said, avoiding too many details. Despite her curiosity with Zach, her family had sworn loyalty to Xander’s. Breaking that oath meant an eternity of torment. Death would be too kind for those that broke their oath. “Tell me more about Cassy.”
Zach looked at Angela, confused. This really wasn’t a date at all. Angela was more than willing to talk about another woman. She kept steering the conversation back to Cassy, not that Zach minded. Cassy took up most of his thought processes, but he didn’t think anyone else wanted to hear about it, especially not Angela.
“She’s very good at her job. I’m amazed at how easy it is for her but her dad did train her, and I hear he was one of the best,” Zach said then took a drink, allowing Angela to change the subject if she wanted to.
“You have feelings for her, right? Romantic feelings?” Angela asked, and Zach nearly spit his water out.
After he was done choking, he smiled at Angela, making sure this wasn’t some kind of trick or a cruel joke. The look on her face told him that it was no joke. She was genuinely interested in his response.
“Please don’t tell Cassy any of this,” Zach started.
“Why would I do that?” Angela asked sincerely.
Zach scoured her face. Angela wasn’t teasing him.
“Ok. But promise you won’t say a word of this to Cassy,” Zach said one more time, just to make sure he was being clear.
“I swear to you on the blood of my family that I will not tell Cassy what you say to me,” Angela said, sitting up straight and staring at Zach with all seriousness.
“Ok…” Zach wasn’t sure what to make of her strange promise. He had never heard something quite so bizarre. He pushed it aside and went on. “I’m not sure why I’m telling you this, but yes, I have romantic feelings for her. She’s…” he struggled for words to describe it, but there were none large enough, none bold enough, so he settled on “Amazing.” He felt that he had used the word amazing too much lately when describing Cassy but no other word fit. There was no word that could encompass everything he felt.
“Then why not just order her to your bed?” Angela asked.
At first, Zach thought surely this one was a joke, but Angela’s gaze didn’t falter. She didn’t grin or smirk. She was dead serious.
“Where are you from?” Zach asked with a laugh.
“Umm…” Angela stuttered. She had said something wrong. Zach was getting suspicious. Xander was going to hurt her if he found out.
“That’s a really old fashioned notion. Are you from Siberia or something?” It was the farthest, most backwater place Zach could think of. Then he thought more. There were tribes of natives in South America that hadn’t even met the outside world. Maybe she was from somewhere down there. Her skin tone would be more suited for South America than Siberia. “No. You’re from one of those lost tribes in South America, aren’t you?”
“Yes,” she answered quickly. She wasn’t sure where either of those places were, but if Zach thought so, she’d go along with it. Then she added. “We do things differently there. I’m a long ways from home.”
“It’s weird. Your accent is like nothing I’ve ever heard before.” Zach just stared at Angela, and she grew nervous. She had to say something.
“Your kind doesn’t meet my kind very often. Once a millennium or so.” Then she realized her mistake. Humans don’t live very long. But Zach didn’t appear to notice.
“I gotta say. Your English is flawless.” He laughed, and Angela’s apprehensions eased a little. She just needed to get Zach talking about himself again or Cassy, anything but her.
“Are you not allowed to order Cassy to your bed?” It was probably the wrong question to ask, but she felt the need to ask it. Her curiosity had always been her weakness. It was how she ended up helping Xander in the human world. Not that she minded now. Zach was not at all what she had been told.
Zach laughed.
“No. Here men can’t order women to their beds. Not for a long time now,” he said then tried to figure out a way to explain it. “Now. It’s much more likely that the woman does the ordering. Well, it’s called seduction but, believe me, it’s so much more effective than any order.”
“So I could seduce you to my bed?” Angela asked. This information was interesting. Women ordering men. Women being the boss of men. Maybe the human world wasn’t so bad, after all. The nightmarish tales she had heard didn’t pertain to all humans it seemed. Well, Zach was only half human, but still, he had been raised by them.
“Yes, you probably could but remember what I said about Cassy,” Zach said, trying to make sure Angela wasn’t hitting on him. “We should just stick to talking. I’m not going to forget about Cassy, no matter how beautiful you are.”
Angela looked at Zach and wondered what it would be like to actually be Zach’s friend. Not just playing some part for Xander. She felt the urge inside her. The desire to disregard Xander’s orders. Maybe she could be Zach’s friend. This didn’t have to be a part she was playing. Zach was Xander’s brother. They had the same father. She was not going against her oath because she owed Zach her loyalty as much as she did Xander. That was the loophole she had been looking for, and it produced a smile that Zach didn’t understand.
“You know what?” Angela asked as she stood up.
“What?” Zach asked, confused.
“You should bring Cassy tomorrow,” Angela said.
“Tomorrow? Really?” Zach asked.
“Yes, we’re friends. Maybe I can help you seduce her to your bed,” Angela said, still smiling.
Zach stood and laughed.
“You’re not quite using that word right and, besides, it’s not nearly as effective when a guy does it.” He leaned in and kissed Angela on the cheek. “Sure, why not. I’ll bring Cassy tomorrow, but you promised not to say anything about what we talked about. She can’t know I have feelings for her.”
“I won’t say a word, but I don’t understand why she can’t know,” Angela said as she headed toward the exit.
“Let me see if I can explain it,” Zach said and held the door for Angela. They walked across the street toward Angela’s room while he tried to come up with adequate words. “What if you had romantic feelings for your boss, but he didn’t feel the same way you did?”
“Oh. So Cassy doesn’t feel the same way about you?” Angela asked. She knew she wasn’t supposed to be helping Zach get together with Cassy, but something about him compelled her to help. Xander was going to be furious, but maybe a little pain was worth it. What if she helped Zach win? He would then be king. Things might be different. Zach had as much right to rule as Xander did.
“I don’t think she does. It’s very complicated. I think she might but, then again, she might just see me as a friend,” Zach explained.
“Why don’t you just ask her?” Angela asked. She pulled the keys from her purse and waited to open the door. Zach was very interesting. The ideas he proposed were also very interesting. Women choosing who to have sex with. This was a foreign concept to her, but one she was very willing to embrace.
Zach leaned against the wall, he was not ready to say goodnight to Angela. It was so nice to have someone to talk with again. Someone outside his current predicament. Someone who listened but had no stake in the outcome. This was how he used to feel with Sheri.
“Do you mind if I come inside so we can talk more?” Zach asked. “Nothing funny. No ordering you to bed. I just like talking to you.” Zach laughed, and it made Angela smile.
“That sounds nice. And I won’t seduce you,” Angela replied.
“You used it correctly,” Zach joked as Angela held the door for him.
At the other side of the parking lot, Cassy slumped down in the driver’s seat of her car with a bottle of wine. She’d parked as far away as possible so that Zach wouldn’t notice her. It also meant that she couldn’t hear their conversation, but she didn’t need to.
She saw what was happening. Zach looked happy. Angela looked happy. They both looked…happy. She took another long drink, and the bottle was empty. She tossed it on the floor with the previous bottle she had just finished, then was furious.
“Damn it! I should have bought three!” she yelled, then banged her fists on the steering wheel. As soon as she realized what she was doing, she caressed the steering wheel. “Sorry, baby.”
Using the door as a crutch, she pulled herself up, then nearly fell back into the driver seat. After steadying herself, she reached into her pocket and got out her keys then dropped them. When she bent down, she smashed her head into the door, and it slammed on her fingers.
“FUCK!” she yelled, then pried the door back open. The pain was excruciating. Not even two bottles of wine could dull this. She shook her throbbing hand and saw that the bruising had started. They might not be broken, but those bruises were going to look nasty by morning.
After successfully retrieving her keys and stumbling all the way to her door, she let herself in and flopped into bed. She thought about calling Maggie, but it wasn’t advice she needed right now. She needed to forget Zach. The wine hadn’t helped at all. In fact, it made her do stupid things like spy on him. Which ended up making her feel even worse.
What she needed was something to take her mind off him. No, what she really needed was SOMEONE to take her mind off Zach. There was a bar right across the street. Surely there’d be someone, even in this small town, who was at least appealing enough for a night. It took her three times, but she finally managed to get to her feet.
“I don’t need Zach,” she said to herself. “I don’t need anyone.”
She took one step forward, tripped on her other foot then face planted into the floor. And that was exactly where she stayed all night.

Chapter 11
Cassy avoided looking at Zach as she drove down the road. She had quite a bit of makeup on her face, and she didn’t want Zach asking questions. She also had makeup on her fingers to cover the bruises. Two black eyes, a nose that felt like it was broken and fingers that also felt broken. Wine was a better fighter than anyone she’d ever faced. It didn’t even have to throw a punch. It made her hurt herself.
“Are you ok, Cassy?” Zach asked sheepishly.
“I’m fine,” Cassy replied. “I just had too much wine. My head is pounding, and I feel like I’m about to lose my breakfast.”
“Maybe instead of drinking you should just come knock on my door,” Zach offered. He would definitely vote for that option. Angela was nice to talk to, they had stayed up until well after midnight, but talking to Cassy was what he longed for.
“Why? Can you get me black out drunk?” Cassy asked sarcastically.
“Is that why you have so much makeup on today?” Zach asked, peeking at Cassy.
“So I drink? A lot of bad shit has happened,” she evaded.
Zach sighed and let himself fall back in his seat.
“I just miss talking to you,” Zach said.
Cassy’s frustration eased, and she felt her heart breaking again.
“You can talk to Angela,” she said, throwing the walls back up.
“It’s not the same,” Zach mused. “I like talking to you.”
He was doing it right, he hoped. Exactly what Angela and he had decided on. Say innocuous things. Things that could be interpreted differently depending on how the person felt. If Cassy was interested, surely she’d pick up on it.
“You’re talking to me right now,” Cassy stated. Her wall was still in place, and she would not let him in again. This back and forth was tearing her apart.
“I like the Cassy from before, not angry, bulldog-faced Cassy,” he joked.
“My face looks like a bulldog?” she asked with a little indignance, but there was a smile starting, so Zach pushed.
He forced his eyebrows as low as they would go, scrunched up his lips as high as they would go then spread his mouth out into a frown.
“See, you look like this,” he said, trying to keep himself from laughing.
“I do not,” Cassy laughed. Why did he have to be so damn cute sometimes? The walls she put up were useless when he was being cute.
“There’s the Cassy I know,” Zach said with a grin.
Cassy rolled her eyes and smiled. He was terrible and wonderful at the same time. He had a girlfriend now. Why was he acting like this?
“Should I put on my bulldog face when we get to the base? Can we even call it a base? It’s a fence and some buildings,” Cassy pondered.
“Definitely need the bulldog face. And I’d call it a camp. A base implies organization. I highly doubt we’ll find much of that out here,” Zach replied, looking out at the fields. They were in the middle of nowhere with an hour to go. It was very doubtful there would be an expensive military base way out here.

Chapter 12
Xander appeared inside Angela’s motel room. When she turned around, she scowled at him.
“Who was the one talking about doors the other day?” she asked, then raised one eyebrow. Her indignance turned to fear as Xander appeared inches from her face. Spending time with Zach had made her hope for rules like the human world, but those rules did not apply to her.
“You’re forgetting your place again, Angela,” he said with a menacing scowl. “Perhaps I chose the wrong person for this job. Your sister is as devoted as you, maybe more so, and she knows when to keep her mouth shut.”
Being so close she couldn’t bow her head, so instead, she looked at the floor.
“I’m sorry, sire,” Angela groveled.
Xander stepped away and surveyed the room while Angela kept her eyes lowered.
“This place is disgusting,” Xander said with a sneer. “And humans pay to stay here?”
Angela didn’t answer. She had pushed Xander too much lately. Another snide comment might convince him to send her home. Even though she had originally hated the idea of coming here, talking to Zach was something she was looking forward to. He was kind and caring, very unlike his brother. Zach didn’t threaten her. He didn’t force her to do things she didn’t want to do. Zach even valued her opinion.
“You spent the night in here…with him?” Xander asked, turning to face her again.
“We were here until very late,” she said. She couldn’t give too many details. Xander was smart. He’d figure out her plan if she gave away anything. Zach deserved to be leader more than this cruel man. She would make sure the right brother was on the throne.
Xander saw the sneer starting on Angela’s face. He walked up to her and put his finger under her chin.
“You don’t have to like it. You just have to do it,” he said with a sinister quality to his voice. It made Angela’s skin crawl.
He always sounded like this when he got his way, especially when he thought the woman hated it. He had sounded this way the first time he ordered her to his bed, and every time afterward. She had always accepted his orders as law but not for much longer. Zach would change things. She didn’t know Cassy, but hopefully, she was the same as Zach. She didn’t care if a sea witch took the throne as wife to the king. It wouldn’t matter if Zach took a human wife. All that mattered to Angela was that Zach was the one sitting there. Zach was kind and caring. Zach was her friend.
“Yes, sire,” she replied meekly.
“Do you know if Cassy saw you two together?” Xander asked and sat on the bed.
“I don’t know,” Angela replied.
Xander looked angry as he stood, but Angela stopped him before he could speak.
“I asked Zach to have her join us tonight for dinner,” Angela said quickly.
“That’s…” Xander took a step toward Angela, and she cringed. “Perfect!” She jumped as he grabbed her shoulders. “You’re a natural at this. Keep this up, and you will be fifth wife in no time.”
Angela felt anger, but she didn’t let any show. She didn’t want to be fifth wife. She was sixth right now. The first wife ruled over all the other wives, but she didn’t want to be any wife to Xander. What she had been taught was wrong, and it took only one night with Zach to see that. As inferior and inconsequential as humans were, their society was far superior to her own, to Xander’s. She didn’t even want to claim it as hers. Killing to survive was one thing but killing your rivals to achieve a higher position? Killing someone who slighted you? Killing for fun? This was not how she wanted to live. For so long she had just accepted it, but now, seeing other possibilities, she hated it. Perhaps she had always hated it.
She pushed down the anger and answered meekly.
“Thank you, sire.” Angela looked at the floor and waited for Xander’s next command.

Chapter 13
Zach stared out the window with his mouth agape. He tilted his head, and Cassy had the same look of shock. They were half a mile away but there was no mistaking it, they had found it. It was getting dark, but they didn’t need light to see this place.
It was not a camp. It was even too grand to be called a base. This was a compound. Fifteen-foot walls with barbed wire and spotlights stretched at least a quarter mile. Behind the wall, tall buildings rose, one five stories high. How in the world had no one ever noticed a military compound out in the middle of nowhere?
“Well…” Zach said.
“Exactly…” Cassy replied.
“We might need to rethink this,” Zach mused.
“Yeah,” Cassy agreed.
“At the very least we need supplies,” Zach offered.
“Yeah, you still got that rocket launcher stashed at the motel?” Cassy asked sarcastically.
“Ok fine. No need to be snippy. Supplies aren’t going to cut it,” Zach replied with disappointment, mostly in himself.
“I’m just saying. You always try brute force first. It should be a last resort,” Cassy explained and looked at Zach kindly. She didn’t mean to be snippy, but to be honest, her voice did sound a little meaner than she had intended. Her nerves were on edge, and her hangover was not letting up.
Zach’s back and forth routine was wearing her down. She felt hope again despite her best efforts. Every time she looked at him, she thought the ‘what ifs’. What if Angela wasn’t interested? What if Zach really was interested in her and not Angela? He seemed interested…sometimes. Then she remembered the reality of it and got angry. Zach was leading her on. Maybe not intentionally, but that was what he was doing. Angela was Zach’s girlfriend now. There was no room for Cassy in Zach’s life. At least not in the way Cassy wanted.
“What’s the plan, boss?” Zach asked.
“You really need to quit calling me boss. We’re partners,” Cassy corrected.
Even the way he said boss was provocative and she didn’t even understand why. There was just something about him saying the word. Like she could tell him what to do, and he’d happily agree. She imagined the conversation. The one she wanted to have. ‘Give me a kiss, Zach.’ And even threw in his cute response. ‘Yes, boss.’
Cassy giggled out loud then quickly covered it. It was an amusing fantasy, but that was not how the conversation would really go. Zach would just turn her down. Or, more likely, his phone would ring. Or he’d suddenly remember something. Just like the other times. Something more important would come up. It always did.
“Well, I’m apparently a very junior partner. I always get everything wrong,” Zach admitted with sadness.
“Oh, come on. You’re new at this. You’re going to make mistakes,” Cassy consoled. “You’ll learn.”
“I need to learn faster. An eight-year-old little girl is counting on me to not screw this up,” he replied, and Cassy could see that he was spiraling.
“Ok. This is a minor roadblock,” she said with a smirk then pointed out the window. “See. It’s in the middle of the road. It really is a roadblock.”
“Nice try,” Zach said, no less depressed.
“How about this. Let’s head back to the motel and brainstorm.” Cassy leaned over and smiled, purposefully, at Zach. “We’ll figure out a way to get her out of there together.”
“Shit! I almost forgot,” Zach sat up and looked at Cassy. “I’m supposed to meet Angela for dinner tonight.” 
Yep. This was exactly what happened, every time. Something more important came up. This time it was Angela, but there was always something. Why did she even let herself hope? Not that she could stop it. Not with Zach making all those cute faces and comments in the seat beside her. Why did he have to be so damn cute?
“Oh,” Cassy said sadly and fell back into her seat. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll handle it. I can figure a way in there on my own.”
“No. You’re supposed to come too. Angela wants to meet you,” Zach said with an upbeat tone that confused Cassy.
“Why? That won’t be very romantic.” Cassy looked at him, and her confusion grew. She felt it again. Hope was going to kill her yet. At least it felt like it was killing her.
“Cassy. Angela and I are just friends,” he explained.
“Is she gay?” Cassy asked before her filter kicked in. It just made no sense to her. How would a woman like Angela not be interested in a man like Zach?
“No. She’s not gay,” Zach replied with a laugh. “She’s from South America or something.”
Cassy looked at Zach with even more confusion. What did being from South America have anything to do with not wanting Zach?
Zach realized how lame his explanation was so he elaborated.
“She has no friends here. I sort of told her I just wanted to be friends, and she was more than happy about it.” Zach looked at Cassy and waited. He could see the wheels turning in Cassy’s brain but had no clue what she was thinking about.
Just friends? And he had told her? Maybe there was a chance after all. Before she realized it, her walls crumbled and fell. Hope didn’t even wait for an invitation. It flooded her brain before she even knew what hit her.
“Ok, sure. Let’s have dinner with your new friend Angela. Maybe she knows how we can get inside,” Cassy said then turned the car on. Before she turned around, she looked at Zach. “She’s not like a spy or something, is she? We’re not going to get bit in the ass for telling her stuff?”
Zach laughed loudly.
“She’s a pharmaceutical salesman…woman…person? She sells pharmaceuticals,” Zach said with self-annoyance. “And she’s really nice to talk to. You should hear the questions that come out of her mouth. It’s almost like she’s from another universe or something.”

Chapter 14
Cassy stared across the table at Angela suspiciously. Why was she not interested in Zach? Why was Zach not interested in her? Angela looked very close to the image Rebecca had put on for him. The hair was fake red, almost maroon, but the body type was very similar. Large breasts, full hips, she even moved seductively, most of the time.
Then there was Zach. How in the world was Angela not interested in him? It was Zach. He was funny, smart, sexy, and…Zach. This was one of those questions that might never be answered, like ‘How large is infinity?’ She pushed her concerns aside and started paying attention again.
“So, this little girl was taken, sold to some military people, and you need a way to get her out?” Angela asked. This was the kind of thing she knew about. Their strange customs and weird words that could mean something else confused her. But strategies and tactics? Those she knew.
“Yes, and this place is huge. An assault would only tip them off. They’d have her gone before we could figure out which building she’s in,” Zach explained while he stole glances at Cassy, who seemed to be off in space.
“Are there patrols?” Angela asked, staring at Cassy. She assumed Cassy was the fighter of the pair. Women usually were.
“I think I saw a couple of guys with machine guns,” Cassy answered.
“I saw another set around the corner. I think they have rotating guards or something,” Zach added. “Getting over the wall is probably not an option.”
“I’m going to use the ladies room. Back in a second,” Cassy said then stood up.
Angela looked at them both with wonder. It was like their roles were mixed up and combined. Cassy had all the power, but Zach was smart and tactical. Well, almost. She watched as Cassy got up to use the bathroom and Zach just stared at her. The man worshiped Cassy, though she doubted Zach even realized it. And Cassy was oblivious to the fact. Humans, well half-humans, were very confusing.
“So?” Zach asked nervously.
“She’s very nice. I like her,” Angela stated.
“Good. I knew you two would get along,” Zach said then leaned back.
When Cassy returned, Angela watched as Zach couldn’t take his eyes off Cassy.
“So, any ideas?” Cassy asked.
“I have a few,” Angela said.
“We’re all ears,” Zach said while still staring at Cassy.
That was what Angela wanted…what Cassy had and didn’t even realize. Not to be ordered, to be fawned over. To have someone look at her the way Zach looked at Cassy. And Cassy was exactly as Zach described her. Angela didn’t believe it at first, but he was right. Cassy was just as smart as Zach, and she really was the boss. This world, this culture, was what Angela wanted. Zach needed to be king, and Cassy would make a great queen.
“Did they have uniforms on?” Angela asked.
Cassy looked at Zach. She felt guilty but, truthfully, she had been distracted and hung over.
“Yes. Dark blue. They had weird, grey ties and some kind of bars on their chests.” Zach looked at Angela this time while he explained.
Angela noticed Cassy looking at Zach and, although it wasn’t the fawning Zach was doing, there was something there. Perhaps Cassy was just better at bottling up her feelings. She knew that tactic all too well. Women from her world had to watch their tongues. Even a look could get you killed…or worse.
“Here’s what you do. Go back. Observe. Listen. Make notes about their clothing, people coming and going. If they have superiors that show up unannounced, that’s a way in. If they have supplies on a regular basis, another way in. If…” She explained until Cassy interrupted her.
“I like that idea,” Cassy said. She had been watching Angela very closely. Every glance at Zach was devoid of lust. None of her words or her body language was sexual or provocative in any way, at least not when she addressed Zach. The waiter who was flirting with her was another story, but Zach was telling the truth. She was really just Zach’s friend.
“See. I told you,” Zach said and smiled at Cassy.
“Yeah, thanks, Angela. You have been very helpful. With your ideas an eight-year-old little girl might get to see her parents again,” Cassy said with a sincere smile.
Angela could see that this dinner was almost at an end, and panic hit her. Xander would be watching them leave. He might not be able to hear them inside the café, but he would be outside waiting. She needed to find a way to make it appear that she was doing what she was told. Cassy didn’t have to be distraught, she could explain that away, but Zach NEEDED to come to her room. She thought about telling Zach the truth, but it was too soon. Zach had no idea what he was capable of yet. If he couldn’t defend himself, he couldn’t help her defeat Xander. She needed more time and a way to show Zach what he could do.
“Well, I’m beat,” Angela said and stood. “Zach, would you come to my room before you head to bed. I have that research you asked me about last night.”
Cassy looked at Angela then Zach with confusion.
At first, Zach was almost as confused as Cassy then it dawned on him. He had only asked Angela for one thing. Help him figure out if Cassy was interested. That had to be what she was referring too.
“Sure, I’ll stop over in a few minutes,” Zach said, trying to act cool.
After Angela left, Cassy turned to Zach.
“What research?” she asked. Her suspicion was rising again.
“Angela sells pharmaceuticals. She asked me to look at some of her numbers, but I couldn’t without all the research behind it. She wants to make sure her boss isn’t cheating her out of a commission.” Zach was surprised at how easily that had come out. Maybe he was learning a thing or two from Cassy.
Cassy relaxed.
“You really are just friends, aren’t you?” Cassy asked.
Zach stood and started toward the door.
“Yes, we’re just friends,” Zach replied. He waited because it looked like Cassy was going to ask something else.
“Are we friends, Zach?” Cassy asked with the strangest look. Zach panicked. Was she asking what he thought she was asking? His heart started pounding. Maybe he didn’t even need to go see Angela. He might have his answer right now.
“We’re more than friends, Cassy,” he said hopefully.
Cassy held up her hand, while Zach held his breath, then Cassy laughed. In her hand was a piece of paper.
“Then don’t stick me with the bill,” she admonished.
“Sorry,” Zach replied with embarrassment and produced his wallet.

Chapter 15
Zach smiled at Angela as she opened the door. She felt nervous and scared. This was a dangerous game she was playing. Zach was inexperienced and unaware of the power he could wield. If this all went sideways, she would end up being tortured for eternity. She stepped out of the way, and Zach came inside. She didn’t see Xander, but she knew he was watching.
Once the door was shut, she relaxed.
“So about that research,” Zach said with a laugh.
“I’ve got good news and bad news,” Angela teased.
“Oh. I don’t like the sound of that,” Zach said and sat down on the bed.
“It’s not horrible. She does care for you,” Angela started.
“But…I know there’s a but,” Zach said, his fear rising.
“I didn’t see anything romantic. So…” Angela started, but Zach interrupted.
“There’s more?” he asked, losing his grip. This was horrible and now there was more.
“So,” Angela said and made sure Zach wasn’t going to interrupt her. “She either has no feelings for you or… she is very good at hiding them.”
Zach knew Cassy was good at hiding things. She had hidden the fact that she had gotten him fired and never even flinched. He really hoped this was the case.
“But she does care about me?” he asked hopefully.
“She cares for you a lot. Whether that is in a romantic fashion or not, you will need to figure out for yourself. I tried,” Angela said. “She’s like a brick wall. Good at hiding her feelings is very possible.”
Those were the words Zach wanted to hear. Him thinking them wasn’t enough. Angela saying them was wonderful. Zach stood and hugged her. At first, she cringed, but then she let it happen. This was a strange custom. She mimicked Zach and put her arms around him, then squeezed softly.
“Friends do this?” she asked. It almost seemed sensual, but she knew that couldn’t be the case. Zach had real feelings for Cassy, and Zach was not like Xander. There would be no fifteen wives for Zach. He would have one. The way he fawned over Cassy…there was room for no other in Zach’s life.
“Good friends do,” Zach replied. He took a step back grinning from ear to ear. “If you ever need anything, Angela. Just ask.”
He could tell by the way her face fell that there was something she had not had the courage to ask before.
“It’s ok, Angela. We’re friends. Just ask,” Zach urged her. He sat on the bed and pulled Angela to sit beside him.
“Where I come from, there is a leader. He is cruel,” Angela explained. She needed to ease into this. If Zach ran from her and Xander saw it, her plans would fail.
“This is about ordering women to bed, right?” Zach asked. He had a pretty good idea of where this was going, at least he thought so.
“We need a new leader. A kind and caring leader. A new king,” Angela looked up, and her eyes were no longer green. They were flaming red like Zach’s.
“You’re…you’re…like me!” he shouted and let go of Angela’s hand.
“Yes, Zach and that leader is…,” Angela started, but Zach knew the answer.
“It’s Xander!” he exclaimed.
“Shh,” she cautioned. “He’s watching every move we make.”
Zach looked terrified, so Angela tried to comfort him. She pulled up her hand and black claws stuck out of her fingertips.
“You are extremely powerful. You just don’t know it yet,” she said. Zach’s eyes were fixated on her hands, not her kind smile. “I am nothing compared to you and Xander. I’m just a thing he uses to get what he wants.” Zach’s eyes made their way to hers, and he saw the sadness she tried to keep in.
“What am I?” Zach asked. It was always at the front of his mind.
“I can’t tell you that. Not yet,” she explained.
“Why not?” It should have been a simple answer. How hard was it to tell someone what they were?
“Xander would find out. You would let him know the moment I told you, and you’re not ready to defend yourself against him. But I can help you get ready.” She looked at him with sincerity, and he believed it.
“Can I…” he started, but Angela knew what he was going to ask.
“I just assumed you would tell Cassy,” Angela said with a laugh.
“How did you know that?” he asked.
She punched him on the arm and smiled.
“You’re in love with her you idiot,” she replied, then sadness set in. “I was sent to break you apart, but I’ve never had anyone look at me the way you look at her.”
“So what can you tell me?” he asked, not denying what Angela had said. He knew it to be true the moment the words came out of her mouth. He had just not been able to admit it.
“There are parts I can’t reveal because just knowing them would change how you view everything. The shockwave of you finding out would alert Xander. He is already leaning toward killing you and Cassy. We don’t want to tip the scales in that direction.” Angela looked at Zach, and he took her at face value.
“So, you will help me learn to use my abilities?” Zach asked.
“I’ll try, but I’m not royalty. I don’t have the same powers you do,” Angela explained.
“Royalty? What does that have to do with powers?” Zach asked.
“It means you are first generation offspring. I am seventh. Children of children of children…you get it. My abilities are diluted.” Angela looked at her new friend and her chosen king. For the first time in countless centuries, she knew she was doing the right thing. And the best part was, it was her choice.
“Offspring of who, of what?” Zach asked.
Angela smiled and held up her index finger then shook it.
“You can’t know that either but I can tell you that your mother was human. At least that’s what Xander told me,” she said.
“Ok. I guess that makes sense. As much as any of this makes sense. If I know, then I am a threat to him. If I know, he will know. This is a lot to take in.” Zach was talking to himself as much as Angela, but she understood. It was a lot to take in. “So, going by that logic, I can’t know what I am until I know what I can do.”
“Precisely. It’s the only way to keep him at bay. Then, when you’re ready, you will have to face him.” She seemed sure of herself, and it gave Zach comfort, but there was still so much he didn’t know.
“I’m going to have to kill him, aren’t I?” Zach asked, but he knew the answer.
“There is another option.” She wanted to be completely honest but hoped Zach found this option unappealing.
“What’s that?” he asked.
“You join him. Lead by his side. His way,” Angela explained.
“What?!” Zach was outraged. “That’s not an option. I would never treat women like that. Women are people, not things.”
Zach only understood part of the evil Xander was capable of, but his reaction gave Angela hope.
“Then, yes. You will have to kill him. He will never let you take the throne while he still breathes,” Angela said somberly.
“Well, then. I guess you better get started. I know absolutely nothing about my abilities,” Zach said with a smile.
“First. Can we do that thing again?” Angela asked.
“What thing?” Zach asked in reply.
“That thing friends do with their arms,” she explained.
“It’s called a hug,” Zach explained as he put his arms around her. Angela laid her head on his shoulder and felt very peaceful. Human customs were strange, but she could get used to them. In fact, some of them were very nice.

Chapter 16
In the morning, Cassy woke early. Zach wasn’t interested in Angela. That left her an opening. And she was going to do it right. She knew exactly what Zach was looking for. Perhaps he just needed to see her in a different light to really consider her as an option. Tight, skimpy clothing had produced a little interest but not as much as she’d hoped for. This new idea was sure to catch his eye.
Before heading to bed, she had bought some hair dye. A deep red that Zach would be sure to notice. She had never dyed her hair before, but these things had instructions. She could do this. It wasn’t like it was rocket science. Women dyed their own hair all the time.
After thirty minutes of reading and making a complete mess of the bathroom, she had finally finished the last step. And looking back at her in the mirror was a red-haired version of herself. She couldn’t ever remember feeling so satisfied. Zach would surely notice her now. She had even gotten to the roots. Then horror struck as she was admiring her work.
The roots of her hair started returning to blonde, right before her eyes.
“No,” she said and reached for the bottle to put more on. After grabbing the bottle, she turned around and noticed that the blonde hair was picking up speed. It was nearly an inch away from her scalp now. “NO!” she screamed and dropped the bottle. Then her hair started turning white even faster than it had turned blonde. “NO! NO! NO!!!”
Cassy’s eyes turned white. The new mirror she had bought to replace the last one filled with ice, cracked then, like the previous one, fell into the sink.
“This can’t be happening!” she yelled, and the pipes in the bathroom started making a horrible sound.
As they groaned in protest, the toilet froze solid then the porcelain cracked.
“Stop!” she yelled at herself while staring at her white claws and her skin that was sparkling now. But the angrier she got, the faster everything in the bathroom froze.
The pipes in the shower wall shook and groaned then exploded from the wall. Water sprayed out then froze mid-air, looking like some kind of art exhibit. Then the tank of the toilet cracked further, and the porcelain fell off to reveal a solid block of ice.
“Please stop!” she begged, but her anxiety only sped up the process.
The tile on the floor started cracking from the cold. The pipes below the sink started cracking, and the mesh split. It left them looking like a metal snake had wrapped itself around a tube of ice.
Cassy fell to her knees and covered her face.
“Please stop,” she whimpered. “Please.”
She found it strange that her tears didn’t freeze. She lifted her hands from her face and let a teardrop fall to the ground. It sat there on the frozen, cracked tile, impervious to the cold. What the hell was she that even her tears wouldn’t freeze?
Zach knocking on her door pulled her from her musings, and a horrible thought occurred to her. What if Zach had been here? What if she had frozen him? As she stood, she touched the shower curtain. It crumbled and fell to the ground. It had to be close to absolute zero in here. She had seen a TV show once where they used liquid nitrogen to freeze rubber and plastic, and it had looked exactly like this.
If she let this happen when Zach was in the room, she wouldn’t have to worry about getting his attention. He’d be frozen solid, and she would have his undivided attention until the end of time.
Cassy took a deep breath, and Zach knocked again, loudly.
“Cassy?! Are you ok?!” he shouted through the door. “I heard strange sounds through the wall.”
“Just a minute, Zach,” she responded. She couldn’t let him in yet. She needed to raise the temperature in here. “I’m in the bathroom!” she shouted. That would give her time.
Cassy shut her eyes and held out her hands. She breathed in deeply…in…out…in…out.
“Think about calming thoughts,” she said quietly to herself. “Running water. The hum of an engine. The sound of the ocean.” Then she remembered her conversation with Zach. A grin formed to replace her anxiety. “Think about his eyes.”
“Cassy?” Zach asked, this time quieter. “Is everything ok in there?”
Cassy pictured Zach’s flaming red eyes. The warmth. The comfortable feeling. Like curling up on the couch with a warm, fuzzy blanket. Her smile grew.
“I’m coming,” she said loudly as she made her way from the bathroom. She grabbed a towel off her dresser then some clothes from her bag. As she opened the door, she pushed by him.
“What’s going on?” Zach asked.
Cassy looked up into his eyes and smiled. They were exactly as she had pictured them. Maybe a little less red, but the feeling was stronger than she had imagined. One look and every bit of anxiety faded away.
“I’m going to use your shower,” she said then patted him on the chest.
“Ok, but what’s wrong with yours?” he asked, confused.
“Something’s wrong with the plumbing. I’ll tell the manager about it when we leave,” she said and opened Zach’s door then disappeared inside. She wasn’t about to tell him how she had tried to dye her hair. Nor what an anxiety attack looked like when you were…whatever in the hell she was. She’d pay the motel manager for the damage after it thawed. Surely, it couldn’t be as bad as it looked.
Zach pushed in the door to Cassy’s room and felt the cold fall out. It produced a fog as the warm, outside air came in contact with it. Inside Cassy’s room, it looked like a haunted house. The dense fog covering the floor…was coming from the bathroom.
He uneasily moved through the motel room then opened the bathroom door slowly and smiled.
Back in his motel room, he waited for Cassy to get done with her shower. This was going to be fun. She was always teasing him. Now it was his turn.
Cassy came out with a towel on her wet hair, and the smell drove Zach nuts. Even though his stomach was doing flips from the smell of her, he needed to do this. She had done it so many times to him.
“So,” he started and waited for her to answer.
“So?” she asked, then pulled the towel from her hair. She started to grin as she saw his smile forming. “What?”
“Get a little upset this morning?” he asked, his grin growing.
She didn’t look nervous. She ran the brush through her hair and just stared at him.
“Why do you ask?” She was confident and sure of herself. This was exactly what Zach expected. Maybe Angela’s observation was accurate. If so, Cassy was very good at hiding her emotions…and that meant…he had a chance.
“I don’t know,” he started and stepped closer to her. “Either you were upset, or you decided to have a little fun with icicle art.” He stared down at her and raised his eyebrows.
“Oh, that,” she said matter-of-factly. “Stubbed my toe.”
“Stubbed…your toe?” Zach asked unconvinced.
“Ok, fine. I was a little upset,” she relented.
“About what?” he asked.
He smirked, and Cassy knew she couldn’t tell him. Not this.
“Everything is so frustrating. We need to get to Mindy now,” she lied.
“Oh,” Zach said and sat on the bed. “Sorry.”
“Why are you sorry? You aren’t holding her prisoner, are you?” Cassy asked.
“No, but still,” he said.
“Get your stuff. After I pay the manager for the damage, we’re out of here. Pack a lunch and stuff. We could be out there all day,” she explained.
After Cassy left, Zach wondered. Was that really what she had been upset about? Mindy’s situation was upsetting, but the frozen bathroom seemed a little more immediate and emotional. He just worried that it might be his fault. He wasn’t sure why, but, somehow, it just felt like it was his fault.
Zach decided to push it from his mind. In their messed up situation, a frozen bathroom was not even in the top ten for importance. He had some exciting and scary news to break to Cassy. Once they were alone, he was going to tell her everything Angela had shared with him.

Chapter 17
Cassy sat in the driver’s seat with the binoculars glued to her eyes. She had been that way for over an hour. Zach had tried to talk to her, but she kept changing the subject or ignoring him completely. He was now certain that the ice show in her motel bathroom had been his fault. He just didn’t know what he had done.
“Cassy, I’m sorry,” Zach said meekly, hoping she might finally put the binoculars down and pay attention.
“Why?” Cassy asked and turned to Zach. His idea had worked.
“I’m pretty sure I was the cause of the blizzard in your bathroom,” he explained, staring into her eyes.
Cassy stared back and, for a brief moment, thought about telling Zach the truth, then pushed it aside. This wasn’t like getting him fired. This was personal. She wouldn’t even tell Maggie what had happened in the bathroom this morning. The shame and embarrassment of trying to impress Zach, and failing miserably, was not something she wanted to share with anyone.
“It’s over with. I get upset sometimes. My powers are just getting stronger, and I can’t control them.” She continued to stare into his eyes. This wasn’t even a lie. It was an evasion…not the same thing.
“About your powers…” Zach started and waited to make sure Cassy wasn’t going to stick the binoculars to her face again.
“Yes?” she asked, giving him her full attention.
“Angela is like me,” he stated.
Cassy looked at him then furrowed her brow, then, moments later her eyebrows raised and a look of hope came over her.
“Like, red eyes, like you?” she asked, full of hope.
“Yes. She told me so much last night. I don’t even know where to start,” he said with a smile. It wasn’t quite the reaction he had expected.
“Start at the beginning. What the hell are we?” she asked, and her smile fell as she saw the same look appear on Zach’s face.
“She can’t tell us yet. But…we were right. Xander is evil. Really evil,” he explained.
“Wait. Why can’t she tell us yet?” Cassy asked.
“Xander is the king of wherever we come from. If we find out what we are, it will, somehow, alert him. He’s debating whether to kill us or not,” he said.
“Oh…,” Cassy said dejectedly. “If we know. He’ll just kill us now. That about, right?” She put down the binoculars and looked at the steering wheel.
“What I don’t get is how he will know if we find out. How could knowing what we are change things so much that our king would know immediately?” Zach pondered.
“He ain’t my king,” Cassy said adamantly then she got the look again. The one that told Zach she was quickly putting together the parts he hadn’t gotten to yet. Why did she have to be so perfect? And, worse, why couldn’t he quit realizing how perfect she was? Fate was indeed cruel.
“That’s…” he started but she scooted closer to him, and a look of shock and revelation stopped him from finishing.
“You’re his brother. You could take the throne,” Cassy stated with enthusiasm.
“That’s exactly what Angela wants. She works…worked for Xander. Now she wants to help me be king,” he looked at his lap, realizing he couldn’t share the rest. Angela had said Cassy could be queen, but that piece of information would probably cause her to lose control again. He was fairly certain that his inappropriate behavior had been the cause of Cassy’s frosty outburst this morning. She was disappointed and considering firing him. Angela had been wrong. Cassy wasn’t hiding her feelings because she didn’t have any. Not for him. Zach looked up at the roof of the car and mumbled under his breath. “Fate, you’ve outdone yourself this time.”
“What was that?” Cassy asked. She scrunched up her face. Why did Zach look so depressed all of a sudden? Had she said something wrong?
“Not important,” he replied quickly, then changed subjects. “Angela offered to teach us to use our powers. As soon as we can defend ourselves, she said she’ll tell us everything.”
“Holy hell!” Cassy exclaimed. She grabbed Zach’s arm. “When do we start?!”
“As soon as Mindy is safe?” Zach offered.
“The minute that sweet little girl is safely home with her parents, we’ll start training.” Cassy couldn’t sit still. She had let go of his arm, but she looked like she wanted to shake his whole body. She kept squeezing her hands and looking at Zach with a huge smile. Her body was shaking with anticipation. Before Zach could do anything, she grabbed his face and kissed him on the cheek. “This is amazing!”
Zach just stared at her with his mouth open. He didn’t know what to say or how to react.
“Sorry,” Cassy said and squeezed her hands in her lap while she looked down at them. “I’m just really excited.” She grabbed the steering wheel with both hands to keep them from moving. Why the hell had she just done that? The look on Zach’s face told her that she had made a huge mistake. He didn’t smile. He didn’t laugh. She wasn’t sure he had even blinked. He just stared at her like she had called his mother a nasty name. She couldn’t even bring herself to look at him now.
“I can see that,” Zach replied with a smirk. He still didn’t know how to react to the kiss. Perhaps no reaction was better. Cassy was excitable. He knew that. This was just overexcitement, nothing more. But, then again…
“Umm, Cassy?” Zach asked quietly. He’d had enough. This needed to be addressed. He was tired of walking on pins and needles. He needed to know where he stood.
“Yes?” she asked, but she didn’t look at him. She scrunched up her face again and looked in the rearview mirror. One eyebrow raised, and her mouth started to open.
“Are we…” When Zach looked up, he saw the strange look on her face. She was either terrified, amused, or just plain confused by whatever was in the mirror.
Zach turned his head around and stared at the truck that was speeding up behind them. It looked like an army transport truck, but it wasn’t painted camouflage. It was all black with tinted windows.
Cassy turned to Zach, and her strange look changed to one he recognized. She had an idea.
“I know how we’re getting inside!” she exclaimed with a huge grin then jumped on top of Zach’s lap. She reached over his head and grabbed something from one of her ‘what if’ bags.
“What are you doing?” Zach asked, thoroughly confused. She was straddling his lap and pushing her chest into his face. This was far beyond uncomfortable. This was downright unbearable. What could she possibly have in mind? How would that help them get inside? Not that Zach minded the position they were in. Zach’s grin couldn’t be stopped as it filled his face.
“Can you quit grinning and help me with these?” she asked with a smirk when she leaned back. Then Zach saw what she was holding. What the hell were they going to do with handcuffs?
“What are you doing?” Zach asked.
“Just help me get these on. By the way, you’re going to hate this idea,” she replied.
Cassy put the first cuff on then held out her wrist for Zach to secure the other. Afterward, she watched the truck approach while Zach’s heart pounded, his stomach felt like it wanted to float out of his body, and he shook nervously. He just stared up at her waiting for what was coming next.
As the truck pulled up behind them, Cassy looked down at Zach with regret.
“I’m really sorry about this,” she said then opened the car door.
Cassy threw herself out and grabbed Zach’s shirt. She pulled him on top of her; then her claws came out. She grabbed his shoulder hard enough for them to dig in, then started shouting at the top of her lungs.
“Get off me! I’m going to rip your face off!” she screamed and flailed her hands like she was trying to scratch his face, but she was careful not to hit him.
Two soldiers rushed up to them. They pulled Zach off, then two more appeared and grabbed Cassy roughly. Cassy looked at Zach then her fake hatred parted for a second, and she smiled. She just hoped Zach could pick up on what she had in mind.
“What’s going on?” the soldier next to Zach asked as he and his partner let him go.
Zach’s mind raced. What was Cassy’s plan?
“This jackass kidnapped me,” she said then her eyes turned white as did her hair.
“Sir. She’s one of them,” one of the soldiers holding her said, then took a step back.
“She’s in cuffs. It’s fine,” Zach offered. “They’re special cuffs, just for her.”
Zach didn’t sound too sure of himself, but Cassy came to his rescue.
“Just take them off for two seconds. That’s all I need. I’m going to kill you, Zach.” She said it with such conviction that, if Zach didn’t know what was really going on, he would have believed her. “You’re not taking me to Texas so he can put me in his zoo.”
Zach took a step closer. He had enough information now to help Cassy sell it.
“He paid me a ton of money to get you to Texas, safe and sound. And there’s a lot more waiting when I deliver.” Zach turned his focus to the men holding her. “Don’t hurt her. Even a broken bone and I’m out fifty percent.”
“Who paid you to find her?” the one clearly in charge asked. This man was older than the rest. His beard was dark, but there were a few grey hairs strewn about it. Zach realized that this man’s dark uniform had one more bar than the rest. The man was larger than the rest as well. Not quite Zach’s height but he was built like a horse.
“Roger…” Zach stopped; he couldn’t come up with a last name. “You sure I can trust you guys? You’re not going to steal her and sell her yourself?” This bought him time.
“Mr. Sanchez can kiss my ass if he thinks I’ll go quietly. The second you get me in that cage, I’ll never get out.” She put up a show of struggling to get to Zach. He almost smiled but forced it away. If she wanted to, she could have broken the cuffs and killed all of these men. Cassy was really good at this. Why did she have to be so perfect all the time? It was a little annoying, to be honest. Fate really did hate him.
Zach turned to her with an angry stare.
“Well, now you’ve done it. I want to make sure you get there without a scratch. You keep blabbing about Mr. Sanchez, and someone will get the bright idea to grab you for themselves.” He stood right in front of her and looked down while he spoke with an agitated tone. “Not everyone cares if you make it in one piece. Fifty percent of ten million is still a hell of a lot of money.”
Cassy looked up at Zach and wondered what it would be like to actually kiss him. He looked so cute right now. His fake anger and contempt made him seem more attractive. He was sharp. Just a few words and he knew exactly what to do. After they were done rescuing Mindy, she just might try her luck with the lips this time. Cassy forced back the smile that was starting and kicked dirt at Zach’s feet.
“I don’t care,” she replied, then looked away from Zach.
“Thanks for the assistance,” Zach said to the one in charge. “Don’t suppose you have a spare cage I can keep her in for the night? I’ve been on the road for days. She won’t let me sleep.”
As Cassy looked at the ground, she let her smile form. She was definitely going to give it a shot when this was done. His performance deserved a proper kiss.
The leader looked at Zach, then Cassy, who had her head down, then back at Zach.
“I’ll pay you for the night. Please. I just need a little sleep,” he begged. “Every time I doze off she runs for it. I swear she doesn’t need sleep.”
“What is she?” the leader asked and took a step toward Cassy. He reached out for her hair then Zach grabbed his hand.
“I don’t really know, but I wouldn’t do that,” Zach warned, and Cassy took her cue. She shot her head up and stared at the large man.
She fixated her eyes at him, and he couldn’t look away. The words ‘You’re drowning’ echoed in her head over and over. The man grabbed for his throat just as Zach covered his eyes.
“And don’t look at her eyes. She’ll kill you with a stare,” Zach stated and looked at Cassy while everyone else looked away.
She mouthed the words ‘You’re doing great’ then looked at the ground once more to hide the smile.
The leader coughed and pushed Zach’s hand away.
“Let me ask my boss,” the man said, then headed back to the truck.
Zach stood there admiring Cassy while the other three soldiers stared at their feet. She was truly amazing. Smart, sexy, and completely perfect in every way. What an idiot he had been. Cassy didn’t need red hair to be beautiful. She was absolutely perfect, just the way she was. White hair, blonde hair, it didn’t matter. All that mattered was that she was Cassy. After a few moments, he stared up at the sky and cursed fate once again. Why did fate always have to be so cruel? Why couldn’t it, just this once, let him have the girl?
The leader came back with a smile and slapped Zach on the back. The force startled Zach, and he stumbled before catching himself.
“Boss says sure. He doesn’t want your money, but there is one condition. He gets to examine her and do a few tests.” The man kept staring at Zach, even when Zach looked at Cassy.
Zach spoke, but more to get Cassy’s opinion than anything. He thought this sounded like a great idea. Maybe this doctor could give them an idea about what they were. It was risky, and Xander might know the second they did, but he was getting really tired of not knowing.
“What kind of tests?” Zach asked. He hoped Cassy would give him a clue as to what he was supposed to do.
“Just some blood tests and stuff. Nothing that will compromise your bounty,” he explained.
Cassy looked up, checked to make sure all the soldiers were still looking away, then smiled and mouthed the words ‘Do it’.
Zach turned back to the leader who was waiting for the answer.
“Sure. It sounds like a fair trade to me, but I have to be present for every test,” Zach replied.
“I think we can live with that,” the leader said with a grin.
“Also, no one looks at her face or touches her when I’m not there. If she locks eyes with you or gets ahold of your skin. You’re as good as dead.” Zach felt the need to add this part. He wanted to make sure none of the soldiers got any bright ideas. The leader just nodded and led the way.
The two soldiers holding Cassy increased their grip on her arms, making sure not to touch her skin, and pushed her toward the truck. They also both made sure they were a step behind her so she couldn’t lock eyes with them so easily. They walked nervously, and Cassy put on the angriest face Zach had ever seen. She must have been picturing taking a bath in sewage or something. It was really convincing. Zach smiled as he followed them. Cassy was the most perfect woman in the world. He might not be able to have what he really wanted, but he was proud to be her partner.

Chapter 18
Inside the compound, Zach was astounded by the number of people it contained. There must have been nearly a hundred men rushing around doing their jobs. Some looked like they were moving supplies, food, water, blankets, etc. Others walked around the large area with guns, watching every move people made. This was not going to be easy.
There were several small, one story buildings made out of brick, but the one they were headed toward was the large five-story one. It loomed above them as they approached the door. Zach watched as the leader pulled out a key card then punched in a six digit number. Getting in or out of this building would be a problem then he thought about it. With Cassy, it might not be such a problem. She had torn the door off the secure high-rise back in Condance. Surely she could handle this door too, either that or punch a hole through the wall. Cassy was very strong.
Inside, the building looked like some sort of laboratory. Workers with white lab coats, goggles and some with breathing masks, all scurried about. Most of them were lost in whatever they were working on, but a few stopped to stare at the new oddity being brought in.
Zach was amused by Garin’s warnings. This was apparently the leader's name or maybe his last name, Zach wasn’t sure. Everyone just referred to him as Garin. Garin didn’t shout at them, but he was very adamant as he warned every onlooker that got too close to Cassy. Cassy helped him with his warnings by hissing at some and glaring at others as she was pushed toward the end of the hall.
Before long, they reached an elevator at the very end of the hallway filled with lab workers. Zach noticed that Garin didn’t use his keycard here, just his code. Then Zach’s curiosity was piqued when Garin pushed the button for the basement.
“Why the basement?” Zach asked.
“Dangerous subjects are kept down there. More secure and the cages down there could hold an elephant,” Garin replied.
Garin wasn’t kind with his words. He spoke swiftly and without feeling. He had been a real soldier once. The others, Zach was not so sure about. The two holding Cassy’s arms looked terrified and kept jumping every time she moved her head. Neither of them could take their eyes off her, and they kept bickering back and forth about which way to turn her and how fast to go. It got so bad that Garin even cleared his throat once while giving them both a glare that said ‘Shut the hell up’. There might have even been a hint of a threat in the glare. Not knowing much about how they did things around the compound, Zach wasn’t sure. But it sure seemed like Garin’s stare was implying that they would get unsavory duties if they didn’t knock it off.
Once they reached the bottom the doors opened, and Zach was reminded of a mad scientist’s lab. Just like in the movies, the owner of this space had vials and instruments on a metal table in the center of the room. The outer edges, except for the elevator entrance, were covered with cages build into the walls. These cages looked very sturdy. The bars must have been two inches thick, solid steel and enforced by a square metal bar that went all the way around the cage at waist height. Even if Cassy could bend the bars, it was doubtful she could bend them far enough to get through. Each bar was three inches from the last, and the metal reinforcement in the center made sure they wouldn’t move very far.
Zach nearly jumped for joy when he saw a small girl in the cage, three from the left of the elevators. She was covered in a blanket but, judging from the size and the long, curly hair that was peeking out. It was Mindy.
“There are other creatures down here?” Zach asked, hoping to get some kind of information about Mindy.
“Yeah, that little thing might be as scary as yours,” Garin said, and he laughed a little.
“What is she?” Zach asked, realizing his cover wouldn’t know about Mindy.
“A ghoul. Rather nasty one. Took off one of the guard’s arms the other night. We make sure she stays fed now,” Garin explained. “She’s sweet as a kitten if you keep her belly full.”
“Ok.” Zach wanted to ask more but needed a good way to avoid suspicion. Then it came to him. “You keep them here long?”
“As long as they last,” Garin replied, this time there was no laugh. He didn’t find the work they did here funny, and this worried Zach. Then he noticed the look Garin gave Mindy when she looked his way. This man was a soldier and keeping children prisoner went against his code, whatever that was. This gave Zach an idea.
“She’s just a little kid. They’re not mean to her, are they?” Zach looked at Garin’s face carefully while he waited for the answer.
Garin’s stern face lit up as he spoke. He was proud of this.
“I warned the doc. We are here to protect people, not torture children. If I so much as here her cry, I’m done,” Garin said. “She’s a monster…but she’s still a kid.”
This information caused Zach to breathe a sigh of relief. He even saw Cassy’s sour face loosen, just a bit. Mindy had not been mistreated. They had time to do this right.
“Can you put me next to her?” Cassy asked, looking up at Garin, who quickly looked at his feet.
“Why?” Garin replied coarsely.
“She looks sad and lonely. I’m sure she misses her parents. I have a sister, you know. I’m not heartless,” Cassy said with a quality to her voice that sounded sincere and sad.
“I guess,” Garin relented. He hit a button on a large console.
Zach hadn’t noticed this control panel before. It was flat and had several large buttons, they corresponded to the number of cages, and there was also a keypad on it. The keypad lit up after Garin hit the button for the cage he wanted. Next, Garin pushed in a series of numbers, another six-digit code. Perhaps the same code as before, and the cell door slid up into the ceiling. This console didn’t need a key card either, so all Zach had to do was figure out Garin’s code and which cell belonged to Mindy. The way the large buttons were organized, it was probably the one next to the button for Cassy’s cage.
The soldiers pushed Cassy into the cage then Garin hit the button and the code once more. The door slid back into place then a sound, like clamps in the floor grabbing hold, rung out through the room.
“There you go,” Garin announced. “You’re free to sleep all you like. She’s not getting out of that cage.”
“Thanks,” Zach replied, then noticed Cassy pushing against the bars.
“Does that mean I can get these things off?” Cassy asked and stuck her hands through the bars.
“Umm…” Zach stuttered. He didn’t have the keys to the cuffs. They must still be in the car. He patted his pants pockets, then his jacket pockets and smiled as he noticed something shiny in Cassy’s fingers. She had remembered the keys. She was really smart. After this, he’d have to make sure to let her know how impressed he was with her. “Sure. You’re not getting out of there. The cuffs are overkill.”
Zach walked up to the bars and stealthily grabbed the key then unlocked the cuffs. As he turned around and headed toward Garin, he noticed the suspicious look on the large man’s face.
“Why aren’t you afraid to look at her?” Garin asked, and Zach nearly panicked.
Saying her power didn’t work on him sounded like a good option until he realized that this would bring up other questions. Like why he was immune. Then he settled on one that sounded plausible yet wouldn’t raise suspicions.
“I’ve learned to look at the bridge of her nose. I don’t let my eyes falter, not even for a second. I learned that one the hard way,” Zach replied with a confident smile. “Just concentrate on a facial feature and don’t let your eyes wander. While she’s in the cage is a good time to practice actually. Give it a try.”
Zach patted Garin on the shoulders and felt the huge man shutter. Cassy scared the hell out of him. He had been on the other side of that gaze and once was enough.
“Nah. Maybe later,” Garin replied then quickly headed back to the elevator. His words sounded harsh and confident, but Zach had seen the look on his face. He didn’t even need the barely perceivable shiver to know that Garin was afraid of Cassy.
To be honest, Garin was smart to be afraid of Cassy. She should have been terrifying to Zach as well, but he wasn’t the least bit afraid. He looked at Cassy’s eyes as the doors to the elevator shut. And, even though they were white instead of the beautiful shade of blue, a feeling of complete and total serenity washed over him. He would never be afraid of Cassy. She’d have to do something pretty horrible, like freeze a truckload of puppies or something, before he’d ever be afraid of her.

Chapter 19
Cassy scooted over toward the bars separating her and Mindy. The poor girl was wrapped up in a blanket, and Cassy was pretty sure there were sobs coming from her direction.
“Mindy?” Cassy whispered softly.
Mindy’s cage had a small bed and some blankets, judging by the look of Garin, it had been his doing. Cassy’s cage had no bed, no blankets, just empty space.
“What do you want?” Mindy’s small voice sobbed.
“Your mom and dad sent me,” Cassy whispered. She kept her hand over her mouth to block the camera. They would know she was talking to Mindy but not what she said.
Mindy stirred, and soon, her messy hair emerged from under the blanket. She wiped the tear from her dirty face and looked at Cassy hopefully.
“You have to be very quiet and don’t let the camera see or hear what we’re saying,” Cassy whispered.
Mindy glanced at the camera then used the blanket to cover her face. Cassy could still see her peeking out, and there was a smile starting.
“You really know my mom and dad?” Mindy asked skeptically.
“Your mom’s name is Veronica, and your dad’s name is Daniel,” Cassy stated. This seemed to win Mindy over. She pressed her face against the bars and looked on hopefully.
“When can I go home?” she asked, then fear filled her face. “Is daddy mad at me?”
“Heaven’s no. Why would he be mad?” Cassy asked. She scooted closer to the bars and brushed Mindy’s hair out of her eyes.
“I ruined my dress,” she explained and opened the blanket to show Cassy a very dirty dress, covered in dried blood.
Cassy smiled, and tears welled up in her eyes.
“Your daddy doesn’t care about a dress. He only cares about you. He misses you and wants you to come home,” Cassy explained, trying to push back the tears.
Mindy’s smile returned.
“When can we go home?” she asked louder and more confidently.
“My friend is trying to find a way out,” Cassy explained.
“The one who smells funny, like you?” Mindy asked, and Cassy laughed.
“Yes, the man who smells funny is my friend,” she said and wiped the tears that had formed in her eyes.
“He’s mean,” Mindy said.
“No. He’s actually very nice. We’re playing a game to trick the bad men,” Cassy said.
“I’m not a kid,” Mindy said defiantly. “I’m eight. I know what playing pretend is.”
“Good,” Cassy said with a laugh. “Then you can play with us. Zach is pretending to be mean, while he tries to figure out how to get us out of here. I got locked up on purpose so I could make sure you’re safe.”
“What do I do?” Mindy asked with excitement.
“You don’t say a word about me knowing your mom and dad. I’m pretending to be a monster from somewhere else. And Mindy.” Cassy paused. She wanted to make sure Mindy understood this.
“Yes?” Mindy asked.
“Zach and I are pretending to hate each other. I’m probably going to yell at him and stuff. He might even yell back, but it’s just pretending. I really like him.” Cassy waited for Mindy’s response.
“I know. I saw how you look at him. Is he your boyfriend?” Mindy asked. “Mommy looks at daddy like that before they kiss.” Mindy made a disgusted face.
Cassy laughed uncomfortably. Was it really that obvious? Apparently to everyone but Zach. Strange how he couldn’t see it but this little girl had picked up on it with one look. Perhaps it was a blessing that Zach was so blind. He really didn’t seem all that interested, and it would make their jobs very complicated.
“No, Zach isn’t my boyfriend. He’s just my friend,” Cassy explained.
“Ok,” Mindy said, accepting it as truth.
“So we just have to wait until Zach finds a way out. Don’t let anyone know that Zach is our friend,” Cassy said.
“I understand. Do I hate Zach?” Mindy asked.
“Sure, you can pretend to hate Zach too if you want to,” Cassy replied.
“Ok. I hate Zach,” Mindy said and scrunched up her face. “He’s mean.”
“Just don’t say his name. You don’t know him. Remember?” Cassy asked. This could go horribly wrong if Mindy made a mistake. Perhaps confiding in her had been a bad idea.
“Don’t worry. I’m good at playing pretend,” Mindy said with confidence.
Cassy caressed Mindy’s cheek and smiled down at her.
“Just a little while longer and Zach will get us out. He’s really smart,” Cassy comforted.
Mindy grabbed Cassy’s hand and pulled it closer to her. Cassy almost started tearing up again. This poor little girl. She’d been all alone and away from her parents. Cassy could feel her eyes turning white, but she was careful not to lose control. She wasn’t sure how much cold Mindy could take. The anger surged inside her, and Cassy didn’t care if she had to kill every human in this place. Mindy was going home!

Chapter 20
Angela jumped as Xander appeared in front of her in her motel room. She had been watching TV from a chair. She wanted to learn as much as she could from humans. She had watched news shows, comedy shows, and some reality TV. Humans were complicated, but not all that much different from her kind. Their rituals and customs were strange, but it was all just different rules to the same game. There was love, there was lust, and there was anger and hatred. These emotions seemed to be universal.
“What are you doing?” Xander asked with annoyance as he turned to the TV.
“Learning,” Angela replied.
Xander pulled the remote from Angela’s hands and shut it off.
“You’re supposed to be luring Zach in and pushing Cassy away,” Xander replied. He looked like he was about to lose his temper.
“They’re out saving a ghoul. I don’t know when they’ll be back. I’m just using this time to learn how to be human. If you want me to keep Zach’s attention, I need to know how to do it.” She looked up at Xander with a conviction that she didn’t feel. She just hoped he wouldn’t see through it.
“Fine,” Xander relented and paced in front of her. “Where do we stand?” he asked.
“What do you mean?” she asked in return.
Xander stopped and stared at her with cold eyes.
“Is Cassy ready to leave yet? Have you slept with Zach? Does he love you?” Xander asked and leaned in closer with every question.
She almost laughed at Xander’s question. Did he really think love was that easy? Perhaps he did. It was obvious that he had never loved anyone. Then Angela started to fidget. She was a horrible liar, especially to Xander. She needed to find a semi-truthful way to answer that would sound like she was doing her job.
“Cassy got upset because Zach and I were alone in my room,” she started. This was the truth. She hadn’t stayed upset, but Angela didn’t have to tell him that. “He spent two nights here, and I think it’s getting to Cassy.” That part was the lie, and she hoped Xander didn’t see through it.
“Does he love you?” Xander asked crisply.
“I don’t know. He likes me a lot,” Angela replied. He clearly didn’t even understand what love was. It wasn’t that he’d never been in love. It was that he couldn’t love anyone.
Xander looked frustrated and turned away. He paced again while he clasped his hands. Then, without warning, he stopped, turned, and put his face inches from hers.
“Did you sleep with him?” he asked slowly and angrily.
“He didn’t want to,” she replied.
“Why not? What did you do wrong?” Xander asked and scrutinized her every facial expression.
“I don’t know. He just didn’t want to yet,” Angela replied, full of fear.
“Yet?” Xander asked with a smile then stood up again. “So, there’s a chance. You need to sleep with him. That’s the only way we can be sure that Cassy will leave.”
“Yes, sire,” she said. She needed to train Zach quickly. There was no way she could keep this up very long. She just wasn’t built for lying.
“Well, I’ll let you return to your research, but I need to be clear about one thing,” he said and walked over to her slowly.
Her fear rose with every step. He looked too calm, and the smile that was forming wasn’t kind. She jumped when he put his hands on the arms of the chair and leaned in once more.
“I’m not sure what it is but you’re hiding something. If you betray me, I’ll make sure you get a very cold room to stay in for a very, very long time.” Xander stood up straight, then headed toward the door. As he reached it, he turned his head. “In case that was too vague for your feeble mind. I’m going to stick you in an ice box while I torture you for the rest of eternity.”
“I understand, sire,” Angela cowered.
“Nothing you want to get off your chest while you have the chance?” Xander asked and waited.
“No, sire,” Angela replied.
“This is your last chance,” Xander warned.
“There’s nothing, sire,” she said meekly.
Xander vanished, and Angela sighed in relief as she leaned back in her chair.
Outside her window, Xander looked at her with a sad expression.
“Stupid girl. You were my favorite. I won’t enjoy torturing you, but I can’t let you help him. I’m not sure what you’re up yet to, but you are a horrible liar. I will find out,” Xander said unhappily then he vanished again.

Chapter 21
On the third floor of the building where they held Cassy, Zach leaned back on the stiff, yet, very comfortable bed. The blankets were green, the sheets were white, obviously an army bed. Yet, this bed felt better than the motel bed he’d been sleeping on lately. As Zach stared up at the ceiling, he formulated a plan.
This bare room had no other furnishings, and it was very small. He was as much a prisoner as Cassy was. He even had to knock to be let out of his room. These people didn’t trust him, and that was the first thing he needed to change. More specifically, Garin needed to trust him.
Zach shot up and walked to the door with a purpose. He knew the cameras were hidden in the corners of the room, so he put on a show. He lifted his hand while he eyed the keypad then knocked as he pushed the number one and it beeped its response.
If he just knew Garin’s number. The only place that had a key card was the front door. Everything else, elevator included, worked with just Garin’s number. He had caught the first and the fourth numbers a six and a five, but for the rest, Garin had been in the way. Six, something, something, five, something, something. He committed the numbers to memory. He’d need them.
A young soldier opened the door and stood at attention while he spoke.
“What do you need sir?” the man asked stiffly.
“Well, to start with. Call me Zach. And second, I’d like to inspect my property. I had a great night’s sleep, but my boss is going to call. I need to be able to tell him she’s ok.” He smiled and acted casual, but the guard remained stiff.
“Let me ask Garin,” the man replied, then started to shut the door.
“Tell Garin I owe him a drink, at least. Haven’t had a good night’s sleep in days,” Zach said as the crack in the door got smaller then shut. “That should do it,” he said quietly to himself.
After about five minutes, Garin opened the door, and Zach shot up from the bed. He walked slowly, making sure to meet him in the middle of the room.
“Sullivan said you wanted to see me? Something about a drink?” Garin asked.
“Yeah. I haven’t slept this good in weeks. I haven’t slept period, in days. I owe you, buddy,” Zach said and stuck out his hand.
Garin surveyed Zach then shook his hand with skepticism.
“Mind if I check on my property? Well, Sanchez’s property, technically.” Zach grinned as he shook the man’s hand vigorously. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the door slip shut. Then he released Garin’s hand and patted him on the shoulder before heading to the door. “Shall we?”
Garin followed then pushed by Zach and used his body to cover the PIN number he put in. The thing was, the rooms were different than the halls. The keypads in the rooms had sound for the keys. These rooms were apparently not taken as seriously as the other areas, even though the code used here was the same. Zach listened carefully. Six. Three? Seven? Five. Four. Four. He just hoped he had heard the tones correctly. He probably wouldn’t get another chance. Inside the rooms were the only keypads that made sound. Probably so the guards could hear prisoners trying to escape, or so Zach reasoned. He would be sure not to use the code to get out of his room unless he absolutely needed to.
As they left the elevator on the basement floor, Garin stayed behind. Zach turned to him and smiled, hoping to keep the man placated.
“Just give me like fifteen minutes. I’ll call my boss. Let him know everything is ok with his property. Then we’ll get that drink.” Zach kept smiling the whole time.
“I would, but the doctor is on his way in. He wants to start the tests, and you said you needed to be present.” The way Garin spoke still reminded Zach of a true soldier, one from the army, not the wannabes in the hall guarding his room. Even the many soldiers walking the courtyard below his barred windows looked like they were playing dress up. They walked stiff and emotionless, but Zach could tell the difference. They did it out of fear. Fear that they would be reprimanded, or worse, kicked out of their dream job. Zach could see it in the way Garin reached for the elevator buttons. The way he addressed other people. Garin was not afraid. He’d had years and years of practice that didn’t even need to be remembered. This was just who Garin was.
“Afterward, then?” Zach asked, and he got the response he expected.
“If I’m up. Lights out at twenty-three hundred,” Garin replied and hit the button.
“It’s ten in the morning. It better not take that long,” Zach joked as the doors shut.
Then Zach turned and looked at Cassy who was using her eyes to point out the cameras in the room. Zach followed her eye movements without moving his head and spoke to her.
“Mr. Sanchez wants to know if you’re unharmed. What should I tell him?” Zach asked loudly.
“I’m starving. They didn’t feed us last night,” Cassy growled then moved closer to the bars.
Zach played along and walked slowly through the room. The whole time he was searching the desk with his eyes. He saw notes and tried to make out what was on them as he walked by.
“The doctor is supposed to be here soon so I’ll put in your request,” Zach said in a mocking tone that clued Cassy in on his plan. That, and the way he used his eyes to point to the desk told her exactly what to do.
Cassy charged the bars, and the cell shook.
“Come closer, Zach. Maybe I’ll eat you instead,” Cassy said.
Zach used her sudden jolt to appear surprised while he placed his hand on the desk right beside the notes.
“Calm down or else. I’m sure they have tranquilizers here,” he said while he scoured the notes.

The subject has an incredible appetite. Perhaps being starved for days has produced a need for food. She ripped off a guards arm and ate it, bone and all, in under twenty seconds. Apparently her jaw unhinges like that of a snake, and her teeth are strong enough to slice through bone like butter.
Tomorrow we start on pain receptor trials. Ghouls are known for their thick skin and incredible strength. Perhaps we can agitate her enough to show us. She has not been cooperative so far.

As Zach was reading, he heard the elevator door open. He spun to look at the man they called Doc.
He was a fairly young man, maybe late thirties. He had a thick beard and sandy brown hair that covered his ears. The man didn’t look like it was a fashion choice, but rather, a lack of interest in his appearance. This was a studious man who cut his hair only when it bothered him. His glasses reinforced the idea. They had tape around one of the temples.
The doctor wore a lab coat like the rest, but underneath there was a plain tee shirt that was untucked and blue jeans. Even his shoes spoke to the man’s indifference to fashion. He had probably worn his sneakers for years. They had stains and a few ragged spots that would probably become holes soon enough.
“Zach,” he said as he stuck out his hand and stepped toward the man.
“Yes. I was told that you needed to be present for my exams. Is now a good time?” the doctor asked without offering his name nor shaking Zach’s hand.
“Now is good,” Zach said as the doctor walked by him. The man was too busy and lost in his work for simple decency? “What should I call you? Doc?”
“Oh, sorry. Gerald,” he offered without looking away.
Zach calculated the angle of all the cameras then took two steps to the side. He was nearly lined up with the elevator doors now. He pointed at Mindy’s cage while staring intently at Cassy. She just looked at him, waiting.
Zach grew impatient. He mouthed the words ‘He’s going to hurt her’ while he pointed at Mindy’s cage. Then Zach smiled as he watched Cassy’s eyes turn white. She understood perfectly. Dr. Gerald had better not hurt Mindy when Cassy was here. Zach had more confidence in Cassy than he had in himself. In his mind he pictured Cassy freezing the bars then shattering them.
Gerald turned around and eyed Zach.
“Well?” he asked impatiently.
“Well, what?” Zach asked and stepped closer to the doctor.
“How do I get her to cooperate? What weakens her so I can draw blood?” Doctor Gerald asked it as if Zach should have already known.
“That’s why I need to be here. As far as I know, she has no weaknesses other than those cuffs. And I have no idea where Sanchez got those.” Zach walked over to the cage and Cassy backed away. “So, can you figure out what she is?” Zach asked while he smirked at Cassy. She raised her eyebrows and clenched her jaw as if she was asking ‘What now?’
“Even your boss doesn’t know what she is?” Gerald asked and grabbed a syringe then headed toward the cage.
“If he knows, he’s not telling me, and for ten million I’m not about to push it,” Zach said with a laugh.
“So, how do we get her blood?” Gerald asked. He stayed behind Zach and eyed Cassy without staring at her eyes.
“Cassy? You’re hungry, right?” Zach asked.
“I’m starving,” she replied.
“Gerald wants a blood sample. In exchange, we’ll give you food. Whatever you want,” Zach said.
“Ok, but Mindy eats before I do anything,” Cassy said adamantly.
“Deal?” Zach asked Gerald.
“Sounds reasonable,” Gerald replied and walked back to the desk.
Zach watched as he pushed a button on the console. It looked just like the buttons for the cages except there was a mesh screen above it. He leaned down and spoke into it.
“It’s feeding time for our ghoul,” he said coldly then released the button.
When Zach turned around, he saw Mindy. She had come to the bars, and she was staring at him. Zach crouched down and spoke to her.
“Hi. I’m Zach,” he said kindly.
“You’re mean!” she said loudly then stuck her mouth between the bars, and her razor sharp teeth appeared. Her jaw unhinged, and she opened widely then snapped her mouth shut. “Rawr!” she said, then giggled.
Zach stumbled backward and fell on his ass. He looked up at Cassy and could see the laughter waiting to be let loose. She raised her eyebrows and wrinkled her chin. Zach knew right away that Cassy was trying to apologize. She had apparently been behind Mindy’s little show.
Gerald rushed to Zach and tried to help him up.
“You have to be careful of that one. Took a man’s arm off the other day. Snap!” the doctor said graphically. “And it was gone.”
“I’d believe it. Dang,” Zach replied.
Mindy put her hands behind her back then stared up at Gerald with puppy dog eyes.
“Can I have my food now?” she asked sweetly, no sign of her inhuman mouth remained.
“Yes, my dear,” Gerald replied. He headed toward the elevator as the doors opened, and Zach knew this might be his only chance to speak with Cassy.
He leaned close to the bars and whispered while trying to look like he was afraid of Mindy.
“They’re going to hurt her today. We have to do it soon,” Zach whispered.
Cassy casually walked over toward Mindy’s side of her cage and whispered back while crouching down by Mindy.
“Tell me when you’re ready,” Cassy said quietly.
“I have to test something, then I’ll be ready. Keep him busy,” Zach whispered, then pushed himself off the bars and headed toward the doctor.
On the tray, the assistant had brought down was a human leg. Well, half of one, from the knee up. The only thing that kept Zach from gagging was thinking that at least it would keep Mindy from eating live humans. Then he looked back at Mindy and saw the hunger on her face. It didn’t seem as disgusting when he looked into her innocent eyes. She needed food, and this was food to her.
“Ok Doc,” Cassy said loudly. “You fed Mindy. I’ll give you your blood.” She stuck her arm out through the bars, and Zach could see the fear on the man’s face.
“Don’t look at her eyes, Gerald,” Zach warned, and his little deception worked like a charm.
Gerald looked even more terrified then handed Zach the needle.
“Would you?” he asked.
“Sure,” Zach replied.
“I thought you weren’t supposed to touch her skin,” the doctor stated.
“You wouldn’t freeze me, would you, Cassy?” he asked.
“Not if you give me food. You fed Mindy. I’ll be a good girl,” she said, and a sneer spread on her face.
The doctor shivered, but Zach laughed and walked toward her.
“She likes to joke. Don’t worry too much. Not unless her eyes or hair turn white. Then you’d better run,” Zach said as he smirked.
Cassy had to try hard not to laugh. Zach was teasing this poor…evil man. Inadvertently, anger rose in Cassy, and her eyes turned white.
“Zach! Look out!” the doctor yelled, and Zach just shook his head. This guy was seriously terrified. It was hilarious.
“We had a deal, Cassy. You freeze off my hands and no food,” Zach said, and Cassy rolled her eyes.
“Ok. I’ll be good,” she said.
Zach reached out and gently grabbed Cassy’s arm. Cassy shut her eyes. Why couldn’t he be a little rougher? Her heart pounded, and she got goosebumps.
“Everything ok?” Zach asked with a whisper.
Cassy opened her eyes, and they were as white as snow.
“I’m fine,” she said, trying to whisper, but her voice got caught in her throat. Then Zach brushed across her arm with his other hand, and she gasped.
“It’s just a needle, Cassy. I’ll be gentle,” Zach whispered.
In Cassy’s mind, she screamed. ‘Anything but gentle!’ This was torture. Very pleasurable torture, but torture, none the less. She’d rather have him stab her with the needle quickly. It would give her mind less time to conjure up scenarios with Zach caressing other parts of her body the way he did her arm. Just as she thought she couldn’t take another second of Zach’s warm hands on her arm, she felt the needle. It felt like release. The pain erased the sensation of Zach’s hands on her, and she let out a sigh of relief.
“See, that wasn’t so bad,” he said loud enough the doctor could hear.
In Cassy’s mind, she teased him. ‘See if you’re still saying that when I torture you like that.’ But instead, she just smiled and said nothing.
Zach handed the syringe to the doctor then headed to the elevator. Gerald looked at him curiously.
“Think you can let me upstairs. I’m going to get her some food,” Zach said.
“My assistants…,” the doctor started.
“I’m sorry, but I need to get it myself. It’s my ten million dollars. If she dies of a mistake or a food allergy, do you want to pay me?” Zach asked. Then he had a better idea. “Besides. If Mr. Sanchez finds out that someone else killed her…that person better move to Siberia.” Again he was stuck on Siberia. It was the most remote and far off place he could think of, but the doctor seemed to get the idea.
“Just a second,” Gerald said and walked over. He put his body in front of the keypad while punching in the numbers.
“I’ll be back in a minute. Which way is the cafeteria or whatever?” Zach asked.
“Second floor. Third door on the left as you come out of the elevators,” Gerald answered.
Zach stepped inside then felt uneasy about leaving Cassy down here with him. He needed a safe place to test the code he’d stolen but leaving Cassy seemed almost unbearable. What if Doctor Gerald hurt her or Mindy while he was gone? As the doors shut, Zach put his hand in the way.
“Remember. No tests while I’m gone. You have her blood but don’t go near her. I don’t want to come back to find an ice cube instead of a man. She can be pretty nasty.” Zach looked at the doctor with seriousness.
“I don’t understand why she is so docile around you, but I won’t go near her,” Gerald replied.
“I think she has a soft spot for me,” Zach said and winked at Cassy.
Cassy’s stomach did a flip, and in her mind, she replied. ‘If only you knew.’
As she sat down in the corner, next to Mindy’s cage, Mindy pulled the blanket up to her face as she whispered to Cassy.
“You looked like mommy again. Zach is too your boyfriend,” Mindy teased.
Cassy just rolled her eyes and laughed then muttered to herself. “Too bad, he doesn’t know that.”

Chapter 22
Zach exited the elevator on the second floor and was disappointed to see a guard stationed there. The security in this place was nuts. How was he ever going to test this code if he couldn’t get a moment alone with a keypad? Then Zach had an idea. A way to get the guard away from the door. This floor was practically empty. It should work.
“Cafeteria? I need to get some food for me and my captive,” Zach asked the young man. He had seen the sign over the door, the third left down the hall, but he needed to be nice to this guard. He needed an opening.
“Third door. There’s a sign right above it,” the man said sternly.
“Thanks, man. I’m so lost in this place. It’s amazing what you guys have built,” Zach replied and started to walk away but not before he caught the look of pride on the young man’s face. He had gambled and won big. This guard had been here a while and was proud of what they’d built.
This little conversation had bought Zach some compassion and sympathy from the man. Compliments went a lot farther with strangers than they did with people you knew. Probably because the people who knew you also knew when you were bullshitting them.
Zach grabbed two trays, one of things that were greasy, heavy with gravy or brightly colored, and one of things he’d seen Cassy eat before. He hoped they wouldn’t even get the chance to eat them but, just to be safe, he at least tried to get Cassy something she wanted. She said she hadn’t eaten. He wasn’t about to starve her if he didn’t have to.
As Zach walked back out of the cafeteria, he stopped in front of the guard and smiled. He had set a timer on his cell phone and timed his steps perfectly. When it started buzzing, he looked worried then handed the guard the one with all the greasy, colorful food on it.
“Shit! That’s my boss. He wants an update. Can you hold this for a second?” Zach asked but didn’t give the man a chance to say no. He pulled out his phone then pretended to have a conversation while the guard took the tray reluctantly.
“Yes. No. She’s fine, sir. Just blood tests.” He rolled his eyes at the guard then made yapping motions with his mouth, and the guard smiled. After he was done with his fake conversation, he put the phone away then lifted his hand too quickly, toppling the tray right into the guard’s shirt.
The food covered the man. Some red vegetable with a red sauce dripped down the man’s face and onto his uniform while Zach tried to wipe it off.
“Shit! I’m so sorry. I think they have napkins in the cafeteria. Should I get some?” Zach asked.
“No! I’ll get them!” the guard complained and stormed toward the cafeteria door.
Zach watched closely and almost started trying his number then the guard suddenly turned around.
“Wait right there,” he ordered.
“Where am I going to go? I can’t open this thing,” Zach said with a grin. Zach bent down, acting like he was cleaning up the food until the guard disappeared through the cafeteria door.
Zach quickly punched in the numbers. Six, four, seven, five, three, three. The door beeped three times, and he realized he had transposed numbers. He started again. He felt like his heart was going to explode. He kept glancing at the doorway to the cafeteria.
The only time he could remember being this nervous was when Cassy straddled him in the car. Actually, it had been worse than this. He had never felt as nervous as when his face was smashed between Cassy’s… A smile crept onto his face as he thought about it.
Then he pulled himself back and hit the numbers again. Six, three, seven, five, four, four. The door beeped then opened. He’d done it! This would get Cassy out!
As he was celebrating, the guard came back out. Zach thought quickly then grabbed his shirt and started wiping off the buttons. He pushed them randomly while he rubbed it.
“What are you doing?!” the man shouted and rushed down the hall.
“Some of that red sauce was on the keypad. I didn’t want it to short out. I must have hit the wrong button or something because the doors flew open,” Zach explained.
The man looked at him, and his agitation grew.
“Just take your damn food and get out of here,” the man said and practically pushed Zach into the elevator.
“I’m really sorry,” Zach groveled as the doors closed.

Chapter 23
Zach stepped off the elevator with Cassy’s tray in his hands. He noticed Doctor Gerald staring through the microscope, so he had a few seconds to get Cassy a message. He mouthed silently to her. ‘It worked.’
Cassy looked at him with confusion.
‘I have the code.’ Zach pointed toward the keypad on the elevator and Cassy understood.
“I have the food, Doc,” Zach said, and Gerald pulled himself from the microscope.
“You have to see this, Zach,” the doctor said with excitement and rushed over to Zach. He pulled Zach’s head down to the eyepiece, but Zach had no idea what he was looking at. It just looked like a bunch of blobs to him.
“What am I looking for?” he asked. He set the tray on the table and took a step back. “What did you find?” Zach crossed his arms and waited. He tried to look less enthusiastic but felt his anticipation was showing. Had this doctor finally figured out what they were?
“Her blood cells are truly amazing. I’ve never seen anything like this. They look human but…” he rushed across and grabbed an eye dropper then pushed Zach’s face back to the eyepiece. “When I introduce a virus…just watch.”
Zach watched as the blobs attacked the new blobs and devoured them.
“What does this mean?” Zach asked, standing up again.
“One more.” The doctor grabbed another dropper. “This is the most aggressive pathogen I could get my hands on. Vampire blood. This should completely rewrite her cells and genetic code but watch.” Once again, he pushed Zach’s face to the eyepiece.
Zach watched as the blobs, he thought were Cassy’s cells, devoured the vampire cells. In seconds there were no more vampire cells.
“What does this mean?!” Zach asked again, more emphatically.
The doctor looked at Zach with excitement.
“I have absolutely no idea. There has never been anything like her…EVER!” the doctor shouted and rushed to write something in his notes. “Immune to cold. Immune to heat,” he mumbled as he wrote.
This one caught Zach’s attention.
“Immune to heat?” Zach asked. Cassy also paid close attention to this one and stared at Zach while he returned her gaze.
“Oh, yes!” the doctor exclaimed. “You can’t boil her cells. You can’t freeze her cells. Nothing, and I mean nothing can destroy them.”
“Does that mean she’s invincible?” Zach asked curiously.
“No,” the doctor explained. “It just means you’d have to shoot her in the heart or decapitate her or something. Everything else, she will survive. As long as her body can still pump blood, she’ll live through anything. She doesn’t have the regeneration of a werewolf, but she would live.”
Zach leaned against the counter, deep in thought, then he felt the need to make sure he was hearing things correctly.
“She’s really immune to heat?” Zach asked and looked at Cassy, who was giving him the strangest look. Did she know about his feelings? She was smiling.
“Yes, but you’re missing the point,” Doctor Gerald said then scribbled more notes.
Cassy’s grin grew, and she couldn’t stop herself.
“No, doctor. You’re missing the point,” she said and stared right at Zach.
She did know! Holy shit! And she was still smiling.
“How do I get the tray to her?” Zach asked. Though this was not what was on his mind.
“I’ll have to open the cage,” the doctor looked up and saw the strange expression on Cassy’s face. “You sure it’s safe. She looks like she wants to eat you.”
Zach ignored the doctor’s warning and grabbed a syringe from the table. He quickly drew some of his own blood. He removed the needle then handed it to the doctor.
“Can you test this too? I want to know if this one is immune to cold,” he said then looked at Cassy who was still giving him the strangest look. It did look like she wanted to eat him…or something else. Zach’s hands shook, and his heart raced.
“Why cold? Where did you get this? It’s very warm,” the doctor asked.
“I’m willing to bet it will stay warm too. It’s a creature like her, but this one is fire,” he explained vaguely.
“Fire? No wonder. It has to be over a hundred degrees.” Gerald stared at the warm sample then picked up Cassy’s. “It’s like hers but opposite. Hers stays at eighty degrees. This one has to be one ten, maybe one twenty. I can’t even change the temperature of hers. Even heating it does nothing. I’ll bet this one won’t cool down.”
The doctor seemed completely engrossed. He didn’t notice Zach drawing his own blood. He didn’t even notice the longing stares between Cassy and Zach.
Zach couldn’t take his eyes off of Cassy. Even when speaking to the doctor.
“So, is he immune to cold?” Zach asked. He could hear the doctor working away and pulling out vials, but his heartbeat was louder, almost deafening.
After a few moments, the doctor spoke.
“Oh, my! He is immune to cold! This is amazing! Where did you get this?” the doctor asked. He looked at Cassy then back at Zach. “This is yours!”
Zach turned to the doctor, and his eyes were flaming red. “Yes, doctor. It’s mine.”
“Please don’t kill me,” the doctor groveled. “Why come here? Why go through all this?”
Zach smiled and pointed to Mindy’s cage.
“We came for her. Now be nice and quiet, and we won’t have to hurt you,” Zach said. 
He could feel the surge of power flowing through him. He didn’t understand where it came from, but he welcomed it. He wasn’t losing control this time. He had no desire to kill the cowering doctor. He just wanted to frighten him. Perhaps Cassy being here kept him calm. Calm enough to keep it under control.
The excitement of this huge discovery pumped the blood through his system faster. He was immune to cold. She was immune to heat. They could be together and Cassy certainly looked like that was what she wanted.
Zach started to punch in the code from Garin, and the doctor hit a secret button under the counter.
Solid metal plates slid over every cage but left the elevator open.
“Hurt me if you want, but you’ll never escape with them,” the doctor said as he cowered on the floor.
Zach turned to him, and the desire to kill welled up once more. He tried to push it down and tried to remember Cassy’s eyes. ‘She was fine. She was just locked up. No need to kill the human.’ He shut his eyes and tried to calm the fire inside, but it grew. He couldn’t stop it. Without her here, there was no way to contain it.
“I don’t think you understand, doctor. Without her I’m not sure I can promise that you’ll live through this,” Zach said. His eyes opened, and the doctor was terrified. The red eyes now looked like they were actual flames, and Zach’s skin started to harden and turn black. Zach’s voice changed, and the deep evil voice replaced his. “Open the cages or else.”
“I can’t. No one here can. Not until the general gets here. He’s the only one with the clearance to override an emergency lockdown,” Gerald cowered.
Zach reached down and picked the doctor up by his shirt. He glared at the man while trying to calm himself, but it wasn’t working. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t stop himself from killing this man. This man had made sure Cassy would stay locked up. He felt the anger overtake him and gave in.
“You did this to yourself, doctor,” Zach said in his other voice. Then he stopped. He heard something coming from the cages.
“Zach!” Cassy screamed, but he could just barely hear her voice.
“You’ll have to thank her. She just saved your life,” Zach said, his voice returning to normal. Then he tossed the man across the room. Doctor Gerald smashed into one of the solid steel covers and was out cold before he hit the floor.
“Cassy!” Zach shouted and pounded on the metal wall between them.
“Mindy!” Cassy shouted. “Cover up! It’s going to get very cold!”
“Ok!” Mindy shouted back, then rolled herself up in the blanket.
Zach felt the temperature in the room drop sharply, and he knew what was going to happen. Zach moved away from the metal walls and waited.
In seconds the wall before him started to frost over then the metal cracked. He could hear Cassy beating on it, but she wasn’t breaking through.
“Stand back, Cassy!” Zach shouted.
“I’m clear!” she shouted back.
Zach could still feel the power. He just needed it to last a little longer. He looked at his hard, black skin that reminded him of onyx. He just hoped his skin was harder than the steel door. Zach put every ounce of force he could behind his punch and the wall crumbled where Cassy had frozen it.
Cassy walked through the opening, which was just large enough for her and drug her claws across Zach’s cheek. She looked at him with the same hunger she had before. Her white eyes and white hair were driving him nuts. He prayed that this was not another one of fate’s cruel jokes.
“Think you can help me with Mindy’s?” she asked, and her voice sounded like heaven to Zach.
“Just hurry. I can feel it fading,” Zach said. His skin was already starting to thin.
Cassy placed both hands on the metal then shouted to Mindy again.
“Stay back! We’re breaking through!” she said as the metal started to groan and crack.
Zach looked at his fist. It was bleeding at the knuckles. His hardened skin was fading quickly, but he couldn’t just leave Mindy. He took a step back then nodded to Cassy. She moved out of the way, and Zach charged the metal plate. He smashed into it and flew through to the other side, landing beside Mindy who peeked out of her blanket then covered her face.
“Zach. Can you grab her? I’ll freeze her to death,” Cassy said holding out her clawed, crystal hands.
“Sure,” he replied and picked up Mindy. She peeked out of the blanket again, this time she smiled at him.
“You’re like a heater,” she said with a laugh.
“Just don’t bite me,” he said, returning her smile.
“I was just kidding,” she said and laughed again. “Cassy and I were playing, pretend.”
“You’re very good at pretending,” Zach encouraged.
“We need the code, Zach,” Cassy said, staring at the keypad to the elevator.
“First you need to turn back,” Zach offered.
“You’re right. If they see me like this they’ll just start shooting,” she agreed.
Cassy turned to Zach and looked deeply into his eyes.
“It’ll just be a second,” she said with a huge grin.
As she stared, her skin returned to normal, then her hair turned blonde. Finally, her eyes returned to the deep blue that Zach loved. While they stared, he could feel his powers fading. His powers had something to do with her. When she was in danger, when she wasn’t around, he was consumed with rage. She kept the rage at bay, but that rage seemed to be the source of his power. He needed to find a way to tap into the power without the rage, like he had done with the doctor. He had controlled it for a moment, but that control was lost when he started worrying about Cassy. There was something important in this thought. Something that might help him actually use his power, like Cassy did, instead of letting it use him.
“I’m good. How do we get by the guards?” Cassy asked.
“I haven’t thought that far ahead yet,” Zach replied.
Mindy peeked her head out of the blankets.
“They have a back door. They use it to dump the garbage. I heard them talking about it,” Mindy offered.
“Where is this back door?” Cassy asked with a groan.
Now that she was back to normal, the room was warming up, probably because of Zach. She smiled just thinking about it. She couldn’t freeze him. He had stood in the room and not even shivered. It had been close to absolute zero near her body, and he didn’t even seem to notice. Thankfully, she was able to control the cold around her and keep it close to her or Mindy and the doctor wouldn’t have survived. Then she remembered. She had touched Zach, and nothing had happened. He didn’t even wince. In fact, he looked pleased. He really was immune.
“In the cafeteria,” Mindy said with confidence and Cassy, and Zach knew what that meant.
“This is going to suck,” Cassy said first.
“At least we’ll get out without hurting anyone,” Zach offered.
Zach punched in the code, and the elevator doors opened.
Zach got in, and Cassy stood beside him. She cocked her head and smiled at Zach.
“Leaving through a garbage shoot is still going to suck,” she said, and Zach laughed.
“We’ll just have to take extra showers when we get back,” Zach replied.
‘Maybe we could just take one long shower, together.’ Though she didn’t say it out loud, she really wanted to. It took quite a lot of willpower, but she only said it in her head. There was a child present, and she still wasn’t sure about Zach. All the words he had said, all the flirting. It meant something. What that something was? She didn’t know. She’d just have to wait until they dropped Mindy off to find out.

Chapter 24
After sliding down the narrow garbage shoot then slogging their way through mounds of garbage and food waste, they finally made it back to the car. In another few hours, they were back in Galveston.
Neither of them spoke much during the trip, but Mindy spoke enough for the both of them. Her excitement and incessant questions about what they were overshadowed the mountain of questions each of them had for the other. They could both feel it, despite Mindy’s chattering, something about their relationship had changed. What had happened in the dungeon, for lack of a better word, couldn’t be ignored. The revelation that they were immune to the other’s abilities and the obvious flirting, was something they both wanted to talk about. They just had to wait until they had dropped Mindy off with her parents, just in case things got a little heated. The glances between them solidified their resolve. This conversation really needed to be had in private.
When they arrived at the farmhouse the Creed’s were staying at, Veronica was the first to see Mindy. Zach thought she looked like a school girl at a rock concert. The way Veronica dropped her glass of water, screamed then ran at the car with her arms raised was very satisfying. He had never seen a grown woman act that way, but then again, Daniel was crying. For a moment, tears filled Zach’s eyes as well. He looked away to wipe them, but Cassy didn’t even try. She walked up to the Creeds, tears rolling down her face, and Daniel hugged her.
“I don’t know what we can ever do to thank you,” he said through his tears. Cassy smelled horrible, and Mindy was a complete mess, but that didn’t dissuade him. This woman, who smelled like garbage, had returned their daughter.
“I’m just glad your daughter is home, safe and sound,” Cassy said. She thought it sounded like a commercial or some cheesy line from a movie, but emotions were very high at the moment. It was all she could do to stop herself from bawling like Veronica.
Veronica didn’t say a word; she just removed her iron grip from Mindy and practically strangled Cassy. The woman was hysterical, but that was to be expected. She never thought she’d see her daughter again.
Zach felt very proud of what they’d done. He leaned against Cassy’s car and crossed his arms. A strange feeling, like someone watching him, made the hair on the back of Zach’s neck stand up. He looked around, but there was nothing there. It was the middle of the day. Why was he suddenly worried about what was in the shadows around the farm? He pushed the thoughts away and tried to concentrate on what Daniel was saying. He even tried to ignore the low hum coming from everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
Veronica picked up Mindy and rushed her into the house while Daniel was talking to Cassy.
“I heard back from some people I know in Oregon,” he started. “Seems you were right. Twenty-four years ago orphans just popped up out of nowhere. Supernatural ones.”
“Anyone have any clues?” Cassy asked.
Something felt wrong to Zach. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but something was definitely wrong. His skin was crawling, and he had no idea why. He looked around the farm again while trying to keep his concentration on Daniel’s words, but the humming turned to chanting. He heard three distinct, female voices, all chanting something in a language he didn’t understand.
“Ok. This isn’t concrete, but some of my friends are saying that all these orphans were placed with humans for a reason,” he explained.
Zach started to hear a buzzing sound over top of the chanting. It was so loud. Why couldn’t Cassy and Daniel hear it? He could barely hear what Daniel was saying.
“What was the reason?” Cassy asked.
“Some say it’s a war between ancient creatures. The humans have always been off limits,” Daniel explained.
“Who said they’re off limits? What ancient creatures?” Cassy begged for more.
Zach looked at his arm, and now the hair on it was standing on end. Then he started to feel the hair on his head stand up. It was like a huge amount of static electricity was building up around him. He shivered and took a step away from the car. Maybe the metal in the car was doing something? But the feeling got worse when he stepped away.
“I’m not sure what the creatures are. No one seems to know, and it was the rule of these creatures that made humans off limits.” Daniel looked saddened by the fact that he didn’t know more.
“I understand. This is more than we knew a minute ago. It’s very helpful. Thank you, Daniel,” Cassy said then gave him another hug.
Zach walked back and forth and felt like there were a million tiny bugs crawling under his skin. He rubbed his arms, but the sensation seemed to be growing stronger. He looked at Cassy, who returned his gaze then furrowed her brow.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe I’m allergic to something? I itch all over, and my hair is standing on end.” He scratched his arms then his neck and Cassy got worried.
“You look pale,” she said, then placed her hand on his forehead.
“I don’t…” he jerked his head and swore he saw a car zoom by. “Something is really wrong.” He jerked his head the other direction, and there was a bright light, and a bus honked its horn. “Cassy! Something is really wrong!”
“Do you have him?” Zach heard Xander’s voice say.
“No! He’s fighting!” a woman screamed, and it sounded like she was in terrible pain.
“Do you hear that?” Zach asked, and Cassy shook her head.
Cassy took a step back and saw the electricity jumping all over his legs then it made its way to his arms.
“Zach. Grab something. Grab my car!” she shouted.
Zach grabbed the car just as a bolt of electricity struck from the sky. It arched through the car then jumped to Cassy. The sound it made was deafening. It sounded like the whole farm had just been torn in half.
When Zach turned around, Cassy was gone.

Chapter 25
“What the hell is happening?!” Xander shouted.
He stood in the middle of an empty showroom. The only things remaining were the large cement columns that held up the cement ceiling. The traffic going by was visible through the large windows lining two of the walls. Three women stood holding hands in a triangle. Painted on the floor, in the center of their joined hands, were the symbols of the four elements and a circle around them. They had their heads bowed, and they were chanting.
“Do you have him?” Xander asked loudly.
“No! He’s fighting!” one of the three women screamed, and her pained face worried Xander.
“How is he fighting? How is that possible? You said he has no magic at all,” Xander stated.
A bolt of lightning shot from the ceiling and struck the symbol then all three were thrown back. On top of the symbol Cassy stood, holding her head. She couldn’t see anything. After a few seconds, she stumbled and fell to the ground.
“Not her!” Xander shouted.
The only one of the three women left alive tried to push herself up onto her hands.
“He…he stopped us. I don’t know how this is possible,” she grunted then fell back down. Her voice was weak, and it was clear to Xander that she would soon join her two companions. “The spell latched onto the nearest elemental creature it could find.” Then the woman died as well.
Cassy could hear everything, but she still couldn’t see. She blinked her eyes and tried to get her balance, but she couldn’t even make it to her feet.
“Who’s there? Xander?” she asked, waving her hands wildly. “Where am I? Why can’t I see?” She sounded terrified, and it made Xander smile.
“Not a total loss, I guess. Zach will never find out who killed you here. No one will ever think to look for your body in the middle of China.”
Cassy could hear him walking closer, then a woman’s voice rang out. She was laughing hysterically.
“You can’t even summon him, and you’re going to kill his girl? You’re in way over your head, Xander,” Angela laughed.
“Shut up! And you will refer to me as sire or your highness!” he snapped.
Cassy’s eyes started to focus. It was blurry at first, but she could make out the traffic beyond the windows and Angela tied to a chair by a large cement column.
“I will never call you sire again,” she growled, and Cassy could see the contempt on her face. “Zach is my king. You’re going to lock me up for eternity. I might as well drop the act. He stopped your witches from summoning him. He’s going to destroy you, Xander.”
Xander’s form came into focus. His black trench coat covered his sharp, black suit pants, stiff, white shirt, and tie. He held out his right hand as if he was holding something invisible.
“You’re pushing me too far, Angela,” Xander spat back. “I’ll make sure you suffer greatly.”
Cassy saw what looked like rocks forming in Xander’s outstretched hand, but they weren’t rocks, they were metal. Then they took shape, and she knew what it was. It was the hilt of a sword. In seconds, more metal shards started forming the blade. Soon, Xander held a large, black sword in his hand. He pointed it at Angela, and the blade burst into flame.
“Go ahead. Torture me. The damage has already been done.” She turned her head and stared straight at Cassy. “Cassy. Find the queen of the dragons. She knows everything but beware. She’ll tell you the truth but only the parts she wants you to here. Never trust her.”
“You send her at my mother?” Xander asked, and anger consumed him. He pulled back the sword and sneered at Angela, whose face showed her terror. “You’re forcing me to do this, Angela.”
“No!” Cassy shouted, but she still couldn’t get her balance.
Xander plunged the sword into Angela’s chest, and her body exploded into a cloud of ash. Cassy forced herself to her feet then stumbled and smashed her shoulder into a cement column near her.
“Your turn, little wisp. Angela’s clue will do Zach no good if he never hears it,” he taunted.
Xander strode across the large showroom with purpose. Cassy pushed herself away from the column and readied herself. She could do this. There was not a chance in hell she was going down without a fight. Zach had finally noticed her. She’d do everything in her power to make sure she got back to him.
Cassy held her hands at her side and prayed that she could control her powers. She concentrated on her anger and directed it at Xander. Her eyes turned white, then her hair.
Xander’s anger turned to worry when he saw her skin start to sparkle in the dim light. He charged and, as he lifted the sword, she thrust her hands forward. A barrage of needle-like icicles shot from her hands and knocked him twenty feet back. He only stopped when he slammed into one of the cement columns.
“This is going to be interesting,” Xander teased. He lifted himself up then started stepping sideways, his eyes never leaving Cassy.
“Zach is impervious to cold. Something tells me you’re not,” she snapped back, turning to follow his movements.
“Not impervious. But I can take quite a bit,” he replied and circled around behind her. He didn’t dare get close. He knew the temperature of her body would freeze his blood with a touch. He’d have to make this quick. Wait for an opening or catch her off guard. In and out. If he stayed close to her for too long, he’d be dead as well. He’d fought her kind many times before, but never one as strong as Cassy.
Cassy thrust her hands out, and once again icicles shot toward Xander, but he was ready this time. He held up his flaming sword, and the icicles turned to steam as they made contact with the blade.
“You caught me off guard the first time. Didn’t think you had it in you.” Xander continued to circle while Cassy shifted to keep him in front of her.
“You ain’t seen nothing yet,” Cassy replied. She took a step toward Xander, and he took one step back. “You ever see what the absence of heat does to a person?”
Xander just laughed and swished his sword, looking for his shot.
“First, the skin starts to crack.” She lifted her hands slowly, and a fog started around her feet, then it eased its way outward in all directions. “Then the pain starts,” she taunted. “There’s no one else here. I can’t hurt anyone by accident.” She smiled evilly at him.
Xander took a step toward her and held his sword out as far as it could reach, but Cassy didn’t budge. She lifted her hands higher.
“I wonder what it would feel like to just let go. To let this power consume me.” The fog around her feet dissipated, and the tiles on the floor started to crack. A thin layer of frost made its way toward Xander, and he looked afraid. “I don’t care if you die, Xander.”
Cassy thrust her hands toward the floor, and a shock wave went out from her body. Xander was thrown into one of the back walls. The windows in the room all shattered outwards, and the bodies of the three women were swept away from Cassy.
Xander got to his feet once more and laughed. He pointed his sword at the cement columns.
“Looks like you’re about to do my job for me,” Xander laughed. “Remind me again. Do you know how to teleport?”
Cassy looked at the cement column near her, then the next and the next. They were all cracking. Then she looked up at the ceiling. It was cracking too. She’d wager a guess that there was a parking garage on top of them. Why else would they use cement ceilings?
“Well, I’d say it’s been fun. But it hasn’t,” Xander said with a laugh then vanished.
Cassy held her hands up as the ceiling collapsed down on her. She created a thin barrier of ice over top of her, but as the cement piled on, it shattered.
Xander stood on the rooftop of the building next to the one Cassy was in. He watched with pleasure as the center of the building fell inward. Car alarms went off then malfunctioned as each car was pulled in then crushed by another, then another. As it slowed, the final pieces of the cement building fell inward, and the dust began to settle.
A woman appeared next to Xander. She looked similar to Angela. A little taller and thinner, but the resemblance was easy to see.
“Your sister is dead, Liana. I hope that won’t be a problem,” Xander said without turning around.
“No, sire. I serve the family. I have no ties to anyone above my husband and king,” she said with a bow.
“Good. Perhaps I should have chosen you in the first place.” He looked down at the collapsed building below them and all the cars stopping on the street. People rushed up to the building and shouted. Some called emergency services, while others took cellphone footage.
“Why did you summon me, sire?” she asked with respect and a soft voice.
“You just got a rather large promotion. I wanted to tell you in person. Four wives died in that building. That makes you my second,” he explained.
“I will do my best not to disappoint you,” she replied.
“I also wanted a witness. I killed the water witch. She’s in there as well,” Xander said with a huge smile.
Liana walked to the edge to survey the wreckage. As she looked down, some of the cars and cement started to move in the center of it all.
“What is that?” she asked.
“That’s not possible!” he stated angrily.
Cassy pushed a crumpled car out of the way and grunted as she climbed up onto a slab of cement. Her clothes were dusty and torn, her hair was matted with blood, but she was very much alive. Xander stared on in disbelief as Cassy crawled her way out of the wreckage.
“This changes things,” Xander said spitefully.
“I’ll go finish her off,” Liana offered.
“No,” Xander said and placed his hand in front of her to hold her back. “I won’t lose another wife tonight. This will not be solved with force. We need to get her away from my brother. Immediately.”
“Shall I have sex with him and let Cassy find us?” Liana asked.
Xander turned then smiled at her. He gently grabbed under her chin then kissed her on the lips.
“I really should have chosen you first. But to answer your question. No. That won’t be enough,” he said then took a step away.
“What did you have in mind?” She bowed her head. “I live to serve you, my king.”
Xander just stood and admired her for a second.
“I really should have just chosen you in the first place. I will not make that mistake again. If it wasn’t for that bitch vampire I’d call you my first,” he said then turned his attention to Cassy, who was slowly making her way to the street.
“The vampire still lives?” Liana asked.
“Not by choice, but yes. She continues to elude me. An amazing feat for someone who can’t even use magic.” Xander turned back to Liana.
“The mother of all vampires is very old and smart,” Liana said.
“Old, yes. But not smart. She’s just lucky. Lucky to have fooled me once. She won’t do it again.” Xander caressed Liana’s cheek then spoke softly to her. “Let me worry about the vampire. I have an idea about how to deal with Cassy. Something so horrible that she won’t be able to ignore it.” He kissed Liana on the lips gently once more, then smiled. “And she’ll never forgive him.”

Chapter 26
Cassy sat in the airport. Her night had been horrible and very long. Thankfully, she had found the U.S. embassy and the man behind the desk had actually believed her story.
She told him that all her belongings had been in the devastating building collapse that was all over the local news. It wasn’t exactly a lie. Everything she had in China had been in that building. She just left the part out about her being inside it as well. She was even able to point herself out to the man. Someone had gotten cellphone footage of her standing on the sidewalk, looking on in disbelief.
As she waited for her flight, she dialed Zach. She knew it was late in the U.S., even though it was morning in China. The conversation she was about to have had her more worried than when the building had fallen on top of her. Her stomach was tied in knots. What would she tell him? 
He answered on the first ring, and it sounded like he was out of breath.
“What happened?” he asked.
“That’s a long story, Zach. I’m in China,” she explained.
“China?” he asked with disbelief.
Cassy laughed to hide her nervousness. She could hear Maggie in the background.
“Is that Cassy?” she asked.
“Yeah, she’s fine,” Zach replied.
“Good. I told you she’d be fine. It’s Cassy. I’m going out. Be back…umm…sometime,” she said with a giggle.
“Have fun,” Zach said to Maggie.
“Zach,” Cassy said sternly.
“Yes?” he replied.
“Don’t let her get drunk and end up in some guy’s bed please,” Cassy begged.
“Fine. I’ll be her designated driver, but she’s really impatient,” he replied with a laugh. He put his hand over the phone, then yelled at Maggie. “Maggie, hold on! I’ll go with you!”
“Well. I’ll be home in…umm... With the time zone change and all, I’m not sure. Hopefully by morning,” Cassy stated.
“I’ll wait up,” Zach said. He really wanted to have that talk with Cassy. Staying up all night was a small price to pay for clarity on what the hell was going on between them.
“No. You and Maggie go have fun, then just sleep on the couch,” she suggested. “I’ll wake you up when I get there.”
“Maggie still hasn’t moved it out of your office. I suppose that would work. But promise to wake me up as soon as you get here. No matter what time it is,” he said, and she could hear his grin.
This was going to be very interesting. Then her smile left. She’d have to tell Zach about Xander and Angela. She really wanted to talk about their relationship, and what was going on with it, but Xander killing Angela needed to come first. She just didn’t feel like having either of those conversations over the phone.
“I’ll wake you up. We have a lot to talk about,” Cassy replied.
“Bye, Cassy. And be safe,” Zach said in a caring voice.
“Bye, Zach,” she said softly. In the background, she could hear Maggie whining.
“Hurry up, Zach. All the cute guys will be taken.” Then she heard the click and put away her phone.

Chapter 27
Cassy wearily opened the door to the office. It had been a long night. The thirty-minute nap on the plane hadn’t helped one bit. It only made her feel lost. Her mind felt like it was morning, which it was, but her body told her it was evening. Jet lag was not quite as amusing as it sounded. It was just plain confusing.
She tossed her jacket on Zach’s desk, then headed to her office. She really needed a shower but, perhaps, Zach might feel like joining her. That would certainly wake her up.
She grinned from ear to ear as she opened the door to her office, then it faded when the couch was empty. Great! He had gone home.
Begrudgingly, she turned and forced herself to climb the stairs. She’d just have to wait until he got in. It wasn’t a total loss. She did need a shower. There would be plenty of time to talk about what was happening after that.
She couldn’t believe Zach finally noticed her. Her stomach was doing flips just thinking about it. There was still some uncertainty, but he seemed very interested. The looks, the comments he made. What else could they mean?
Cassy opened the bedroom door and groaned when she saw Maggie strewn across the bed. She wasn’t even covered and, since her time as a cat, she had insisted on sleeping naked. Then Cassy noticed the male shape under Maggie’s arm. She had her hand covering the poor guy's face. This was the perfect end to a horrible day. Zach hadn’t been a very good chaperone if he had let her bring home a man. But, to be fair to Zach, Maggie could be very persistent.
Cassy walked closer to the bed, and Maggie stirred. Her hand slid down the man’s face, grabbed the blankets from him then she slapped her hand hard on his chest. Cassy froze. She couldn’t process the scene in front of her. She stood there, mouth open, for several seconds, then anger set in. She didn’t let herself change. She just screamed.
“MAGGIE!!!!”
Zach was woken by Cassy’s scream. He opened his eyes and saw Cassy’s pale, livid face. She stared at him like she wanted to kill him. Then he realized that he didn’t have any clothes on. After that, he noticed the slender, feminine hand on his chest. His eyes followed the naked arm all the way up to Maggie’s face.
“Morning, Zach,” Maggie said softly then her eyes grew huge. “Zach!?” Maggie pulled the covers over herself, then her gaze found Cassy. “What the hell is going on?”
“Cassy…wait,” Zach urged her while he covered himself with part of the sheet, but Cassy didn’t wait. Zach grabbed the sheet and wrapped it around himself as he rushed to her. He reached the door as Cassy slammed it in his face.
Zach and Maggie could hear her stomping down the stairs. Next, there was a loud crash, and Zach was fairly certain his desk had taken the brunt of Cassy’s anger.
“What happened, Maggie?” Zach asked. He pulled the sheet tighter around himself while he waited for an answer.
“I was pretty drunk,” Maggie shrugged.
“I wasn’t. I had water,” Zach said angrily then raced down the stairs.
When Zach reached the bottom, he saw the pile of rubble that had once been his desk but no Cassy. He eased his way into Cassy’s doorway and saw her pulling books from the shelves then throwing them. One zipped by Zach’s head as he tried to enter the room.
“Go the fuck away, Zach!” she yelled.
“Cassy. Wait. I can explain,” Zach said, but when Cassy stopped throwing books and turned, he froze. “Well, not exactly explain. I have no idea what happened, but we didn’t have sex.”
Cassy looked at him. Her eyebrows raised and she crossed her arms, she was still furious. Her jaw clenched, and Zach could see the effort it took her to stop from changing. It wouldn’t hurt him, but it might kill Maggie.
“You just felt like sleeping together…naked?” she growled.
“I have no idea how that happened,” he replied.
Cassy pushed by him roughly, nearly knocking him down then grabbed two files off the counter.
“I worked on these all night. In the airport, on the plane.” She tossed one back on the counter, and it slid toward Zach.
Maggie had taken the time to get dressed, except for her shoes. She quietly walked down the stairs but didn’t dare enter.
“What’s this?” Zach asked.
“Well, we were going to do these together, but maybe you and Maggie should do that one. You probably have a lot to talk about.” She held out the other folder. “I’ll take care of this one on my own.”
Zach picked up the file and read the title. In perfect penmanship it read ‘Deceptive Dragons’ then underneath in shaky, hastily scribbled words it read ‘And Duplicitous Sisters’.
Zach looked at her with curiosity.
“Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters?” he asked.
Cassy snatched the file from his hand then slapped the other one down.
“This one’s mine! That one’s yours!” She turned then headed toward the door. At the doorway, she stopped and stared at Zach, and he never felt so low in all his life.
“I didn’t sleep with her…well, I did sleep with her, but we didn’t have sex. I promise!” he said adamantly.
“You know what? I don’t even care. I just wanted to tell you about my night.” She waited, but Zach wasn’t about to say anything else. “Your brother kidnapped me, then he killed Angela, and then he tried to kill me too. But don’t worry. I’m fine.”
“Cassy…” he started, but she shot out the door and slammed it. She slammed it hard enough that the window shattered. Angrily, Cassy peeked her head back in the door, and Zach could see the flood of tears she was holding back.
“Get a new door, Zach. Maybe one that isn’t so crappy this time. Your taste really sucks,” she said then spun and headed toward her car. Her insult was weak, at best, but the sentiments and disappointment behind them tore at Zach’s heart. He could see the tears about to break through. She was really hurt.
Zach started toward the door, so Maggie rushed in front of him.
“Let her go. I need to explain,” Maggie said, barring Zach’s way.
“But I can’t just let her leave. I…I…” Zach said, trying to find words to explain.
“You have to let her go. Believe me. I’ve seen her like this. Let her blow off steam.” Maggie looked down. When she looked back up, Zach could see the shame on her face, and it looked unbearable. “She told you about her best friend that slapped her? The one she almost killed?”
“Yes, why?” Zach asked.
“That was me,” Maggie admitted regretfully.
“You slept with a guy she liked?” Zach asked. “I guess I understand why she’s so mad.”
“No, Zach. You still don’t understand. I was jealous of how much time dad used to spend with her. I wanted to hurt Cassy. Really hurt her. This wasn’t just any guy. Sam and Cassy were together for two years. They were going to get married,” Maggie explained.
“Oh, shit!” Zach exclaimed, then walked back to the counter and leaned against it.
“There’s still more,” Maggie said with guilt that Zach didn’t understand.
They hadn’t actually had sex. Someone had set them up or something. That had to be the explanation. How could there be more?
“What is it?” Zach asked.
“You might want to sit down for this,” Maggie said. When Zach didn’t move, she added. “This is my fault.” The guilt on her face looked nearly unbearable, and Zach couldn’t understand how it could possibly be Maggie’s fault.
“I’m wearing a sheet. I’m not sitting down,” Zach said. He motioned to the sheet that was barely wrapped around his waist.
“You’re going to hate me,” Maggie said. “If you’re not going to sit down. I am.” She sat in Zach’s chair beside the pile of broken wood that used to be Zach’s desk.
“Spit it out, Maggie. I need to get some clothes on,” Zach replied with agitation. It couldn’t possibly be Maggie’s fault. Angela was dead because of Xander. He had kidnapped Cassy and tried to kill her too. It was Xander’s fault. Somehow he had gotten them in bed together naked. It had to be Xander. It just had to be.
“Your brother is evil, isn’t he?” Maggie asked.
“He killed my friend. He tried to kill Cassy. He’s very evil,” Zach replied angrily.
She took a deep breath but didn’t speak. This was too hard. Cassy and Zach were going to hate her.
“What is it, Maggie?” Zach asked, his agitation rising.
“I’ve been helping Xander,” she said and looked up at Zach. Tears were forming in her eyes, and she was about to start crying. “I didn’t know. I thought I was helping you and Cassy get together. I’m really sorry. I’m not like I used to be. I was trying to help her this time. I would never have actually…” she motioned to Zach. “I’m really not like that anymore.”
Instead of anger, Zach laughed. It was a resentful laugh, but it was clear that he didn’t blame Maggie. He just stared at the ceiling and started shouting.
“You got me!” he yelled. “I was this close!” He held out his thumb and index finger, almost touching, and shook them at the ceiling. “I have to admit! I didn’t even see that one coming!” Then he stomped up the stairs.
“Who are you yelling at?” Maggie asked.
Zach looked over the railing and yelled back down to Maggie.
“Fate! I’m yelling at my arch nemesis…fate! Fate is the worst monster of them all! It lets you think you can win, then it rips it all away!” After his explanation, he headed toward the room, and Maggie could still hear him complaining. “I should have known you would never let me be happy.” Then he slammed the bedroom door. 
Maggie slumped in Zach’s chair and felt the tears rolling down her cheeks. Zach may not have blamed her, but she blamed herself. Then Maggie had the strangest urge. She didn’t believe in fate, but she figured why not? She had broken it; she could at least try to fix it. She looked up at the ceiling.
“Fate. Please don’t do this. If you could just let Zach be happy this one time. Cassy deserves to be with someone like him. My sister is the kindest, most generous person I’ve ever met. Even if you hate Zach. Even if you hate me. Maybe we deserve to be punished, but she doesn’t. Please don’t take it out on her. Please!” she pleaded, then leaned back in the chair and wondered if anyone was listening.

Epilogue
Somewhere in a forest, in the middle of Europe, an elderly woman sat at her kitchen table. The small cottage around her was modest, having very little that didn’t come from the forest itself. Even her dress appeared to be made from homespun cloth. She weaved her long, white hair into a braid while humming a quiet tune. Her gnarled hands worked feverishly until she heard a knock on her door.
She grabbed her cane, and wearily made her way to the door. The person knocked again, so she shouted. “I’m coming!” then she realized her caller might not speak English. “Ich komme!” she exclaimed in German, then to be sure, she said it in Russian as well. “Ya idu!”
When she opened the door, a small woman, with long black hair, stood in the doorway. She had her hand on her hip, and she looked like she wanted to laugh. Her expensive blouse and designer jeans were a sharp contrast to the old woman.
“Really?” she asked, then pushed her way inside.
“How can I help you, dear?” the old woman asked.
“Knock it off, Cianna,” the dark-haired woman said as she sat at the table. “Got any coffee? I’d kill for a cup of coffee right now.”
The elderly woman pulled on the braid, and as her hair fell, her body changed. Her gnarled fingers straightened, and the wrinkles vanished. Her hair came out of the braid and turned golden. She appeared to be twenty as she sat across from the dark haired woman. Even her clothes changed. Her worn, old dress transformed into a light brown pantsuit.
“Getting fancy on me now?” the dark-haired woman asked.
“What do you want Con…” she started, but the dark-haired woman held up her hand and interrupted her.
“My name is Viandra. I had it legally changed,” the woman said smugly.
“Whatever, Connie,” Cianna said. “I’m not calling you Viandra. It sounds stupid.
“As stupid as Connie?” she asked. She stood and raised her hands as if to announce someone very important. “Please welcome the mother of all vampires. The terrifying. The horrible. The magnificent…” her voice flattened and her face fell. “Connie.”
“Your new name sounds like Viagra. Do you really want people calling you Viagra? And you’re name is fine. It could be worse. You could be named…” Cianna started but, once again, Connie interrupted her.
“Don’t you dare say her name,” she warned, and her fangs came out. She slammed her hands down on the table.
“What are you going to do, Connie?” she teased, emphasizing her name. “I’m older than…hell. I didn’t even have a name until humans arrived. I was just ‘The Queen’. There was no need for any other name until they were created. You going to kill me? I doubt you could.”
“Just don’t say her name,” Connie said calmly as she sat and her fangs retracted.
Ciana snickered and couldn’t help herself. In a quiet voice, she whispered. “Lilith.”
Connie shot to her feet again and pointed at her companion.
“My mother’s name strikes fear into millions, and what did she accomplish? She gave birth to one vampire…me. That was it! She was so horrified that she committed suicide. Why can’t I command that kind of respect?” her tone softened and she sat once more.
“Maybe because she named you Connie?” Cianna laughed.
“Shut up!” Connie sulked.
“Now why are you here? We agreed to work separately until it was over. You’re taking a huge risk,” Cianna warned.
“I think Xander found me,” Connie said with paranoia and Cianna raised one eyebrow.
“Ok. He’s close to finding me,” Connie corrected.
Cianna started to smile.
“Fine! I heard he was looking for me again,” Connie conceded.
“You’re overreacting. As usual. My son has no idea where you are, or even that we are working together. Just like we planned. He thinks I want to kill Zach and you are hiding in fear…in some cave…in the middle of Canada.”
“I am hiding,” Connie said.
“But you’re not in Canada. You’re in Japan, in a fancy hotel, living it up. It’s really not that bad. So why are you really here?” Cianna asked.
“Are you sure this is a good idea? What if he’s like Xander?” she asked.
“Zach isn’t like my son. Zach is kind and Cassy…well. Cassy won’t hurt you,” Cianna said with regret.
“You basically killed her father,” Connie replied.
“I know, and when she finds out, I fully expect her to kill me. It’s a price I’ll gladly pay to stop my son,” Cianna explained.
“How can you be so casual about dying?” Connie asked.
“You’re pretty old,” Cianna said. “But I’m really old. Imagine your life then imagine that it was just the first part of a very long journey. As long as I feel I did something useful with my life, I’ll be happy to see it end.”
“Dragons are so confusing,” Connie said.
“Dragons?” Cianna laughed. “Like you’ve met any besides me. They’re all dead.”
“Fine. You’re confusing,” she corrected. “Mark my words, Cianna. Xander knows something’s up. Don’t be surprised if he’s the next one knocking on your door.” She looked at her ancient friend with admiration and respect.
“I’ll just have to take precautions. I’ll move to the states again. Somewhere he’ll never look,” she said.
“How will Cassy find you? She’s already searching for you. We need to tell them what they are. Their ignorance has gone on long enough. If they don’t find out soon, I fear Xander will grow impatient and just kill them. They NEED to know,” Connie warned.
“Let me worry about telling them. You just stick with the plan. You need to be ready,” Cianna stated.
“I don’t like this plan. I hate this plan. Why can’t you be the one to distract Xander? He hates me,” she whined.
“I’d say he hates his mother, the one who tried to kill him, a lot more than he hates his wife that simply ran away. Wouldn’t you?” Cianna asked then she went on. “Just make sure you find him before he finds you. If you come to him and offer to help him, he is ten times less likely to kill you.” She laughed at the end, but Connie didn’t find it the least bit amusing.
“Ten times less likely is still way too damn likely for me,” Connie complained.
“You agreed to this twenty four years ago when we helped Cassy’s mother find them new parents. And now that they are adults you’re getting cold feet?” Cianna asked.
“I’m not getting cold feet. I’ll still do it. I’m just not happy about it,” Connie stated then crossed her arms and scowled.
“Ok. And if I don’t get another chance to say it. I’ve enjoyed our short time together. I never imagined I’d be friends with a vampire,” Cianna said.
“Short? I’ve known you for fourteen hundred years,” Connie laughed.
“A drop in the bucket for me,” Cianna said and joined her in laughter.
Connie stood and smiled grimly.
“Well. I suppose I better get to it then. Good bye, old friend,” Connie said with a smirk.
Cianna stood and crossed her arms.
“Goodbye, Connie, mother of all vampires. Well, all except for one,” she said then smiled, and Connie left.
After Cianna was certain Connie had left, she started to giggle. Then her giggle turned to laughter. She got up and walked into the next room. Inside was a man with dark skin and black hair. He was tied to the bed and gagged. The cloth bonds emanated magical energy as he struggled to get free. His torn and dirty clothing looked like he had worn them for months.
“Marion, did you hear that?” Cianna asked, finally calming her laughter.
Marion looked at her with fear and stopped struggling.
“Of course you did,” she said then knelt beside the bed. A long green claw came out of her index finger, and she slowly drug it across the man’s shirt. The material tore, and a faint trail of blood could be seen across his skin.
“Is that really blood? I never quite got that. You’re an elemental who looks human. Do elementals have blood?” Cianna asked then she shook her head and stood up. “Doesn’t matter, I guess.”
She walked to a dresser and picked up a hairbrush. She looked into the mirror while brushing her golden hair.
“You’re not as gullible as that vampire, but you’re as dumb as a stump. I’ll just have to make you a deal. One even you can’t misunderstand,” she said then an evil grin formed.
She looked at him through the mirror. “When we get to the states, I want you to bring Cassy and Zach to me. I will have Zach as my own. You can either benefit from it, or you can die.” She continued brushing her hair for a few moments then realized she had forgotten something. “Oh. And if you warn Cassy, I won’t just kill you. I’ll boil the flesh from your body first. Real or not, I’m sure it will hurt.” She started laughing evilly again and watched Marion struggle to no avail.
His eyes turned white like Cassy’s as he struggled, but it was no use. He could not break the magical bonds Cianna had placed on him. Even the frigid temperatures he produced only seemed to amuse The Queen of Dragons.



Want more? Check out book 3, Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters. Available now.


If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.


The 21st Curse Book 1



Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



