The GlassDoll Chronicles

By

Dejsha Morris

Book One


Chapter One 
The moon hung like a watchful orb in the darkening sky above the many towers and buttresses 
of the palace of Kingshold. It observed the land, supreme and sovereign-like, as the coming of 
its beloved night drew closer, a night that when unfurled would irrevocably change the lives of all 
who dwelled in the castle walls below. 
While the day continued to fetter away, giving little resistance to the coming vastness of night, 
an old man, sitting astride his horse, glanced but briefly at the guards on each side of the mighty 
gate. 

"I am here to see her Majesty." He said in a voice which bristled with an authority unexpected 
from a mere visitor. 
After exchanging a surprised look with his fellow soldier, one of the guards, Bercalion, walked 
forward to greet the newcomer. He had been made aware of the man's invitation, but in his 
twenty-three years as a Palace Emissary, not even nobles had spoken with such a tone. Smug, 
yes, patronizing, frequently, but never as if the visitor was a commander-in-chief of the place he 
was only arriving to. Bercalion had met this man before, he had often visited the late king, but 
back then he had never spoken with a tone such as this. It was almost as if this man was... 
victorious over something. But such musings were not the jurisdiction of the official, Bercalion. 
"Of course my Lord, please follow me." Bercalion said, opening the gate with a shouted 
command. The old man, who was adorned with a mass of grey hair which flowed to his chest and 
an equally long silvery beard, followed the guard, still atop his horse.
"How is Queen Briya?" the old man asked with a concerned voice and expression, but also a kind 
of intensity that hinted that he was not just making polite chit-chat like any other visitor would. 
"She had another vision; the Princess will be able to tell you of it, she was there." 
The old man sighed as he dismounted his steed, "Perhaps I should see the Princess first, then." 
The guard nodded. 
"Of course, my Lord," he said and altered his route. 
The pair walked silently through several corridors and at last, they stopped before two more 
guards, who were standing outside the Princess's bedroom door. 
"Lord Caulithir wishes to see the Princess," Bercalion told the guards and they parted to allow the 
two to enter and walk through the beautiful bedroom where they saw the princess out on the 
balcony. 
"Bercalion," the princess cried when she saw the guard who had escorted the old man to her 
balcony, "what is wrong? Is my mother-" 
"Your mother is fine, my child." He put a gentle hand on the young woman's shoulder. 
For once, Princess Priya didn't object when he called her "my child." She glanced interestedly at 
Caulithir. 
"This man was a friend of your poor father." Priya's face trembled - her father had been brutally 
murdered a year before, "and he wishes to know of the prophecy your mother gave." 
"Mother doesn't want anyone else to know," Priya said, glancing at Caulithir uncertainly. 
"I want to help you and your dear mother. Your father trusted me, and I hope that you will do the same." 
"Oh, well, I suppose it won't hurt to tell you . . ." She closed her eyes as if trying to remember something. 
"Ah yes, this is what she said: 
When the warrior King leaves all to ruin due to his death, 
There will be war, no peaceful rest. 
A dark Lord will take the throne, 
And the princess will be his Own. 
Seek therefore, the pieces of the ancient doll, 
Who once was a single soul. 
There you shall find answers to all your questions, 
And you shall also learn important truths and lessons." 
--- 
Meanwhile, as the street lanterns of the town that stretched out below the great castle walls 
were systematically lit, a musician by the name of Cynda walked through the marketplace, 
playing music from her mandolin and collecting change which she almost immediately used to 
buy goods from the selection of cheap remnants from the traders' day as they began to shut 
their stalls for the night. 
A girl suddenly ran by at such speed that Cynda had to flatten herself against a wall to avoid 
being knocked over, holding her position as a burly elven man ran past after the girl too. 
Acting on one of her naturally-occurring curiosity impulses, Cynda raced off towards the castle, 
in the general direction where the girl was running to. 
--- 

Amelie ran.
And kept running between the battlements, through the towers and both over and around walls, trying to work her way 

towards the ground. 

The wind followed behind her, howling as it came, much like the dogs they'd release so soon. It told her to keep 

moving, faster, and faster, and faster. She listened to the wind. It had always spoken true before.

She leapt from the outcropped carving to a balcony and planned the next few jumps.  
How did she get caught? She never got caught!
The term 'Master Thief' wasn't given out to just anybody now, was it?
But then, neither was the term ‘Master Trapper’... She had to hand it to the court trapper. He was a smart one. 

Three pressure pads was normally a challenge for the average trapper, so six alone was a feat in itself, never mind 

the complex locking system and the wires throughout the place. What you had to marvel over was the entire thing 

could be deactivated by the hidden switch in the guardhouse. All except for a few stray wires around the treasury, 

the entire system was protected.
And they did their job well. The informer should have been put in the stocks for missing out that important detail.
The trip wires led to bells in a separate room, triggering the guards response. Mainly, capture and containment of 

the intruder. Something told her they hadn’t expected Amelie to use the wall to run past them...
So now she was trying to climb her way down a vertical wall, a hard task by anyone’s book. When her feet touched 

the ground she barely had a chance to take a deep breath before the clatter of armour set her running once again...
  
Diving through a doorway, Amelie ran straight through the room, across the corridor and into another one. Turning a 

corner, she scaled a low wall with an athletic ability formed from years of breaking into other's homes. She smiled 

as she heard her pursuers run past the wall, calling to each other.
The 16 year old leaned back and sighed. Looks like she was going to have to change her hair again. Such a shame, 

she had really enjoyed being blonde. 

---

After her father's friend, who claimed to be a Spirit Guide (Priya had insisted that Nefinin-the court healer was 

looking after the Queen – Priya didnt believe in such rubbish) and Bercalion left to speak to 
Queen Briya, Princess Priya decided to take a walk to ease her daily growing anxiety. 
At the entrance to the garden where she usually relaxed, she stopped and gazed down from the 
sweeping balcony that looked over the entire town and her keen eyes spotted a girl on the ledge immediately below 

her, who looked as if she had been running for quite a great distance. 
The girl’s blonde hair was a mess and she looked to be sweating profusely, panting heavily as she rested on the 

wide ledge just below the balcony's railings. 
"Who are you?" Priya asked, glancing at the girl. 
"What the-?" Amelie turned around sharply, looking up and finding herself being watched by 
some fancily dressed noble. Suddenly feeling very self conscious, Amelie focused for a moment. 
Princess... Priya wasn't it? 
"I'm no-one you need to concern yourself about, err, princess. Just another citizen passing 
through," Amelie rambled off. "So, if you'll excuse me, your highness, I'm going to go and do... 
citizen-y things." 
The thief leaped away, ignoring the fatigue that had already sapped at her muscles as a fresh dose of adrenaline 

flooded her blood stream. Thieves relied on these survival-granting adrenaline shots, 
they embraced them, harnessing them really. 
Amelie didn't stop running until she reached her usual spot on the roof of the cathedral. 

She knew it was dangerous for criminals to frequent an area, but with everything else changing in her life, she 

needed something solid to hang onto.
The entire town stretched below her, the stalls in the marketplace and bustling atmosphere could all be witnessed 

from up here, but the magnificent thing about the cathedral was that it was so eerily quiet. From here she wasn’t 

part of the world. She was separated from it and could only be a spectator. One would have felt like a god, or king 

if they were so inclined. However, Amelie didn’t come up here to feel power coursing through her veins. 
The cathedral roof made her feel detached from reality. There was an airy-ness about the place, a purity which 

couldn’t be found below in the streets. The building itself also had a certain sentimental value. It was the first 

building she’d scaled successfully asides from her own house. When she was up here, Amelie didn’t feel tied down, or trapped in by the walls and streets. There was room to breathe here... Room to dream as widely as she wanted. 
Leaning against the flat part of the roof she gazed up at the clouds, musing over what had happened earlier. 
‘Brilliant,’ she thought, ‘spotted by the guards and royalty in one day.’ Amelie was willing to bet this day 

couldn't get any worse business-wise.

A door creaked behind Amelie as she saw a familiar figure step out of the cathedral bell tower and onto the roof. 

She groaned. Talk about speaking too soon.
"Amelie, where have you been all day? I've been worried sick. You could have been dead, or horrifically injured, or 

locked up in a police cell."
Amelie smirked when she heard the last of that statement. The man had no idea how close he was to the truth...
"Dad, what are you doing here? Aren't you afraid of heights?"

"Yes, but I couldn't find you anywhere and this was my last resort..." Her father was a short, rather pudgy man 

with thinning brown hair. It was the same shade as Amelie's had originally been. His eyes were trained on Amelie 

rather than the view. It may remind him of just how high up they were.

Amelie smiled despite herself. She supposed it WAS kind of sweet that her dad would face his chronic fear of 

heights to see her. Still, was five minutes too much to ask? The treasure she'd stolen earlier was currently 

digging into her thigh and she wanted to examine it properly before she had to hand it over in a few hours time.

"How about going home and I'll make us soup?" Amelie asked, rising from her favourite spot to sit. "I'll meet you 

at the bottom."

--- 

Cynda looked around at the empty streets, not seeing the blond woman anywhere. That is until 
the blond woman ran right past her again this time back from the direction that Cynda had just come. 
Giving up the chase with a disappointed groan, she looked up at the mighty walls of the Palace, 
stretching tall and resolute from the beating bosom of the earth itself. 
A new impulse entered her mind and she approached the guards at the nearest gate. It had been 
so long since she had last been in the Palace grounds and she missed it. The atmosphere there 
was always so serene. 
Hoping against hope that the guards on duty would grant her wish, as a minstrel and worried 
citizen, to play for the sick Queen and her nobler subjects in the gardens, she was delighted 
when they accepted, letting her through without much trouble. Though the female guard did 
search her quickly for weapons and confiscated a blunt pencil. 
As Cynda moved through the sheltered grounds, bathed in dim pink from the sunset's last rays, 
she spotted the princess. 
Brushing her red, curly hair (that was arranged into two braids) away from her face, she 
approached the young royal, not having seen the princess or anyone like her in ten of her twenty 
years. Last time she had seen Priya, the princess had been a small child holding her mother's hand as their open-

top carriage rolled through the cheering crowds. 
To her dismay, Priya only gave a small wave before turning and once more entering the castle, 
her viewing of the world below apparently finished. Cynda shook the disappointment off quickly 
and spent a while longer enjoying the gardens, but the strangely chill evening made the gardens 
remain deserted and, with no-one to be soothed by her music, Cynda decided to venture deeper 
into the castle buildings. 
----- 
Usually, exposure to the gardens would have made Priya's worries dissipate. 
She supposed that until now she had never been truly worried before. She had felt the heart-
wrenching grief of losing her father, but now it felt like all that pain and anxiety that still kept her 
awake at night and haunted her dreams when she slept might be doubled if she was suddenly 
orphaned. 
She and her mother had just begun to make progress, helping each other to get through their 
shared loss. Who would be there for Priya now when she needed help? When she needed 
comfort? When the world became too much and when irrational fears crept over her like red-
eyed spiders in the dead of night, weaving thoughts of despair and panic in her mind so she 
whimpered in the throes of restlessness. Shadows in the corners of the chambers still waited like 
demons to seize her and drive her mad. Who would protect her now? 
As a pair of footsteps sounded behind her, Priya turned with a startled jolt. 
"Who's there?" she said, her voice echoing with the fears that were circling in her head. 
"Only I, your young Highness," said Nefinin, stepping out from a hollow wall recess hidden by a 
tapestry, his long-nailed fingers admiring the flowers of a nearby potted rose shrub. He picked 
off one of the flowered heads with a sharp click of his talon-like fingers and presented it to the 
Princess. His long black hair glinted in the torchlight along with his frosty blue eyes. 
"It's a shame not even the serene splendour of nature's most treasured prizes can equal your 
beauty, dear Priya.” 
"Why Nefinin, it is good to see a familiar face in such a troubled time. I must also thank you for 
the gift and the compliment, though I am not as beautiful as you say." 
Her hand brushed his as she accepted the rose and she felt a shudder of pleasure run through 
her. Nefinin's fingers interwove hers and locked gently. 
"Do not think you are less than you are my dear one. It hurts my heart when you do so, and my 
heart is not as strong as some suppose. I have just been to check on your mother; my latest 
elixir has allowed her to rest, but her eyes remain open and haunted as I continue to fail in 
discovering a way in which she can sleep again. It has been several days now and every time 
she begins to doze, the ghost of that ghastly prophecy descends upon her so she cries out for 
her guards. But they cannot help her, just as I cannot seem to help her." 
He looked sadly back at the rose shrub, avoiding Priya's eyes. 
He had concocted a total of twenty one elixirs so far; some had eased the Queen's mind 
temporarily, some for almost a full day, but others had brought the images of former visions 
before the Queen's eyes even while she was awake like wolves drawn to bleeding prey. Every 
time Nefinin had thought he'd at last reached a solution, he had been proved wrong within a 
matter of hours. 
Priya turned to the man to whom she felt special feelings, but she was too scared to let him 
know. Healers were classified as "noble" in this time and age, so if they were ever to marry 
things would work out fine. 
What was she thinking? She had no idea how the Healer felt about her, whether he felt 
admiration, or love, or brotherly companionship. A red blush crept up onto her cheeks and she 
turned slightly away from him to hide it from his view. 
"My dear Nefinin, I would never hurt you, you - someone I lo-" she stopped herself just in time 
and her face, if possible, grew redder. She took a deep breath and continued. 
"...I don't know how to thank you for all you have done for me and my family, you are a gifted 
healer and a beautiful soul and I feel so comforted when you are near. My mother might not 
have lasted this long..." 
A tear rolled from her cheek, 
"If it were not for you and your gentleness," she moved closer to the Healer, needing to be near 
the caring man. 
Nefinin caught the tear and wiped it away, his hand remaining on the edge of her cheek. 
"Someone so young and dear should not have to carry such heavy burdens. It eases my soul to 
know that I have provided a comfort, but come now, my dearest one, do not weep, smile, smile 
for me. It makes me happy when you do so.” 
Priya had unconsciously leant into his touch, needing to feel his warmth. "I'll... try... but so many 
secrets... so many things I have to do on my own..." 
"My greatest wish is that you didn't have to be on your own." And he pulled her close into a 
gentle hug, his heart beating against hers. 
"Viscount Nefage!" a servant girl ran up and Nefinin hastily pulled out of the embrace. 
"Yes, Miss Germinia," he addressed the servant. "What is the matter?" 
"It is the Queen, Viscount! Your latest elixir has given her a seizure!" 
"What!? NO! Priya, forgive me!" And with that, he turned and ran, easily passing the servant in 
his haste, back through the tapestry recess towards the Royal Chambers. 
Priya had clung to him and was about to speak when the news the servant had just brought 
registered in her still-swirling mind. 
"Mother?" Priya uttered as a small cry, her body quivering as Cynda appeared at the opposite 
end of the corridor, attracted again by curiosity to the commotion. 
Priya ran after Nefinin and the servant through the corridors, her heeled shoes clicking on the 
stone ground and Cynda followed, not yet considering if it were her place to intrude. 
Nefinin was tearing past every occupant of the castle he met as he raced as fast as he could for 
the Queen. He wasn't even aware that Priya was behind him, so intent was he on reaching Her 
Majesty that he physically and heavily collided with her chamber door, issuing a loud bang from 
his bones before he yanked the handle open. 
The Queen was surrounded by several scared-looking hand-maidens, guards and an old man in a 
corner. The Queen herself was thrashing on the bed, her eyes rolling. One of the hand-maidens 
was limply holding a lime-green phial, unlidded, Nefinin's most recent elixir. 
Reaching into his belt-pouch, Nefinin pulled out a small cylinder, removed its cork and fed the 
hot red liquid the draft contained into the Queen's mouth, massaging her throat and propping 
her up until she had swallowed it, not an easy task as she continued to shake violently. 
The thrashing did not ease, even after the healer had waited for ten painful seconds for it to do 
so. 
Throwing the cylinder away angrily, he placed two fingers on the queen's temples and pushed 
her back down onto the pillows, breathing deep to steady himself. Slowly, he relaxed, and as he 
did so and the seconds ticked by like years, the Queen relaxed too, before at last becoming still, 
her breathing even. 
Suddenly, Nefinin was thrust back and banged against the wall, thrashing in the Queen's seizure, 
his head battering off the wall in uncontrolled reverberations before he threw himself to the 
ground.

--- 

Priya had entered the room, her heart thudding against her chest with Cynda and Ms Germinia close behind. The sight of Nefinin’s struggles horrified her. 
After about a minute, Nefinin began to ease and return to his normal self, but he was breathing heavily. 
He had absorbed the Queen's seizure when the antidote had failed and had fought against it, 
triumphing where his queen couldn't by himself being in a stronger mental and physical condition 
than his sleep-deprived Majesty. 
"Nefinin? Nefinin!" Priya said softly at first and the second time she said his name, it was a little 
louder. She rushed over to him. "A-are you alright, my Lord?" she asked, taking his hand in hers. 
Cynda watched quietly. "Shall I play soothing music for her majesty," she spoke up, cowering a 
little, the thought occurring to her that the royalty would be angry she was there. 
"Why not?" Nefinin responded to the girl with the musical instrument. 
"Music cannot cause harm. Play, please, and lighten this mood, for the Queen is now safe once 
more." 
"Thank you, it will be my pleasure, sir," Cynda said, bowing to Nefinin and Princess Priya. She 
began to play the harp. 
He picked himself up with a low exhalation of strain and looked directly at Priya. The memory of 
the moment they had shared but a few minutes before returned to his mind and made him feel 
awkward. 
"Excuse me, your Highness," he said respectively and moved past Priya to sit down wearily into a 
chair. Fighting the fit had taken a lot out of him. 
"Of... of course," Priya stammered, wondering why he had an odd expression on his face a 
moment before. As the music washed over her, however, it was driven from her mind. The music 
was so sweet, so beautiful, that she began to cry through her slightly closed eyes. She moved to 
her mother's bedside and took her hand. The Queen gazed glassy-eyed at the group without 
comprehension, but breathing. 
Nefinin gazed at Priya with heavy eyes. He watched her tears and it cut his heart like an iron 
spike to see her this way and he wanted nothing more than to resume that hug he had been 
sharing with her before this incident; to hold her and whisper sweet comforts in her ear as he 
protected her from the horrible beast the world seemed to be becoming. He wanted to give her 
peace and joy and happiness, love and safety and companionship through any coming storm her 
mother was predicting. But he couldn't do any of this in front of all these people. And why was 
that? He couldn't comprehend it right now. He rubbed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his 
nose in sudden fatigue. There was no reason to be thinking such selfish thoughts at such a time 
as this. He felt weak. 
Priya saw his look of fatigue and sighed through her sobs. She wanted to love him, to hold him, 
to protect him from her past, present and future, but right now she couldn't. She was confused 
and tired. With tears rushing down her face, she said softly to her mother: "I'll be back," and 
exited the bedchamber, crying softly. 
Nefinin groaned as Priya departed. How could things have become so difficult so quickly? He 
looked up at the old man in the corner. 
Cynda looked at Nefinin after Priya rushed out. She was playing the harp, serenely, sitting in an 
ornate chair. She glanced at the old man in the corner too, curious. 
"I have never met you before, sir. Who are you?" Nefinin asked the man. 
"I am Caulithir, my daughter; Cauletha is the maid in the corner. I am a spirit guide for her 
Majesty." The old man gazed over at the Queen who lay still on her bed. 
"What is a spirit guide?" Cynda asked Caulithir, speaking before considering if it was appropriate. 
Perhaps if she spoke openly without trying to fade into the background, the people around her 
would think she was supposed to be there. The scene in front of her was beginning to resemble a 
fairytale and her curiosity was holding onto her with a iron grip. 
"A guide who tries to, shall we say, heal the sick by helping their spirit... Most healers," and here 
he gave Nefinin a suspicious look, "don't associate with us, for they feel our methods are foolish. 
The Princess did not want me to come, I am afraid, but my child convinced her." 
"At this moment and time, my good man,” Nefinin responded. “I couldn't care what sort of healer 
you are as long as you can help my Majesty. Though I freely admit that usually, yes, I would 
scoff at your apparent nonsense and take great delight in my scornful mirth, but my elixirs are 
failing me and my monarch is suffering because of the science I have dedicated my life to no 
longer being able to sooth her. So apply your science or art or whatever you claim it to be to my 
queen and heal her. I beg of you.” 
He closed his eyes and pinched his nose harder, a headache's tendrils beginning to wriggle 
across his forehead. 
Caulithir glowered at the foolish man. Did he know anything? 
This was no 'art? or 'science', you had to be born with it, it couldn?t be made. He got up, 
breathing through his long crooked nose and approached the Queen. He was glad the whiny little 
Princess was out of his hair, now he could do his job. 
"Be warned, gentleman. I may have my eyes closed but I am watching everything you do to my 
queen," Nefinin added as a final point on the matter. 
----- 
Meanwhile, Priya stormed through the corridors, angry, confused and alone. She did not want 
that spirit guide there, her Nefinin (now why was she calling him that?) was wonderful and she 
knew what sort of rubbish (as Nefinin had instructed her to avoid) those spirit guides claimed to 
perform on their sick or dying victims. 
Priya had calmed down, though her face was still red and her eyes red-rimmed from crying. She 
turned in order that she might return to her mother?s bedchamber. She wanted to be close to 
her, even if she was not aware of her daughter?s presence. Being alone with the shadows of the 
Palace with their unblinking eyes staring at her was not something Priya could spend long doing. 
----- 
Caulithir quickly put a bottle up his sleeve and withdrew another. He?d been doing this for the 
majority of his “healing work”; very few of the bottles? substances actually made it to Her 
Majesty?s lips. Most of the time he was muttering, including when Priya re-entered the chambers. 
After looking for a few anxious moments at her mother?s unchanging condition, she walked 
slowly over to be nearer to Nefinin. 
"Your Highness, how do you feel?" Nefinin asked, trying to hold back the unprofessional amount 
of concern in his voice. 
"Do you really want to know?" she replied, sitting on the floor and leaning her head against his 
leg. 
"I feel... terrible. My main concerns are you, my mother and..." She glared over at the 'spirit 
guide' who was examining the Queen. 
"Do not worry about me, your Highness, I'm fine, I have already recovered," he smiled down at 
her softly and gently stroked her hair with a sharp-nailed hand before he caught himself, looked 
hurriedly around and withdrew the hand back to the chair's arm. 
Cynda watched the spirit guide, suspiciously. She was still playing her harp so felt it was safe 
enough to whisper to the princess: 
„Those guides are hocus pocus, and I mean literally!? 
She hit some terrible notes on the harp on purpose to distract the spirit guide to make sure he 
had not heard. Also, it was helped by the sudden rush of nerves that went through her when she 
considered that talking to blend in was one thing, but lowly, apparently-rarely-looked-at servants 
didn?t suddenly start speaking to their employers, especially at such a tense time. None of the 
other run-of-the-mill servants had dared speak to her. 
----- 
In the mind of the Spirit Guide, things were not as they should have been, for the “healer” was 
not present for a noble cause, but rather on one that was selfish, deceitful and evil. 
Thankfully, he thought, everyone else’s attention is fixed on the Queen and not on my methods. 
Then his heart jumped in tune with the harsh chord suddenly issued from the harpist. 
----- 
Why did he have to hide how he felt about the woman at his knee? Why couldn't Nefinin not just 
declare his feelings with word, song, shout and action? 
He sighed inwardly. He had to be strong for her. 
"My Lady," the Spirit Guide suddenly said, looking up. “Is all well? Allow me to heal-" 
"You'll do no such thing! It is because of my good friend Cauletha that you are lucky to be here 
in the first place," Priya responded angrily, and the Guide retreated back to his previous work. 
"Tell me what you're doing there, gentleman?" Nefinin asked the "healer", he couldn't help but 
be suspicious when it concerned the welfare of his queen. 
"If I wasn't so down, I'd sing..." Priya blushed; listening to the music coming from between the 
minstrel?s gifted fingers. No one had heard her sing before. 
"Would you like to sing, your Highness?" Nefinin asked Priya, distracted from checking on the 
Guide. 
"I think I would... I'm... not that good, this is one of mother's favourite songs." 
"Then do so, your Highness," Nefinin encouraged her, giving her hair another gentle stroke while 
no-one was watching. 
"I?d be honoured if you sang to my music, milady," Cynda said, not pausing playing or looking 
up, "please grace us with your singing." 
"Well spoken, artist," Nefinin said to Cynda, giving her a small smile before he refixed his eyes 
on the healer-at-the-bed's antics. 
Priya stood up beside Nefinin and began to sing. Her strong, rich voice fitted the song and even 
the Guide stopped his work to listen to her. When she finished the song, it was to a stunned 
silence which echoed through the room. 
Nefinin hadn?t realised how much he loved Priya. 
Cynda had gasped and altered the music to match the princess? voice. She finished with an 
elaborate flair to match Priya's finish. Then she stopped playing, too stunned to continue further, 
but rather letting the moment remain and be experienced for as long as possible. 
When the moment could no longer exist, for truly beautiful things can be perfect for only a short 
while, she smiled at Nefinin. 
"Thank you, milord, for allowing me to play," she said, watching the two people smitten with 
each other. It inspired her. She played another song, an older one that seemed to encapsulate 
their innocent love to every note. 
Priya opened her eyes when the new song began. 
"I'm sorry, I did warn you,” she apologised to those around her. 
"Yes but you gave us a wrong warning. We were left unprepared to hear such glory," Nefinin 
said, his eyes lit with adoration, blind to the resumed workings of the Spirit Guide. 
"Indeed," Cynda said, hitting a set of higher note. 
"Glory, my Lord? I think not." Priya said, and she sat back down and leant against him once 
more. When she was singing, it had taken away all of her worries, as did being near Nefinin. 
"I think I agree with milord." Cynda said from her spot, playing another new song, one that she 
had composed herself and thought Priya would like. 
"Thank you, I suppose?" Priya said, closing her eyes with her head against Nefinin's warm leg. 
"Are you almost done, healer? Nefinin asked the man, his eyes returning to their watchful duty, 
He wasn't sure how he felt at the moment. He liked Priya's close presence and yet he couldn't 
express his true feelings for her, so he focussed on what he did understand- the situation with 
the spirit-man. 
"Not yet I-" 
He broke off as the Queen whimpered causing Priya to shiver with the chill of fear. 
"You're Majesty!" Nefinin moved Priya's head carefully to one side and rose, but collapsed to the 
ground as soon as he lost the chair's support. He still felt unsteady on his feet. He got back up as 
quickly as he could and shakily walked the few steps to grasp the queen's bedside for support. 
"Your Majesty!" he reiterated, his voice almost a plea. 
Cynda glanced at the Queen, concerned. She changed her song to something more soothing, it 
was all she could do. 
Priya rushed over to Nefinin, putting her arm around his waist to support him if he fell again. 
"Mother? Mother!" 
"Why won't she reply to me...?” Nefinin was saying. “Why won?t she reply to Priya...? Why do 
you stand there idle, man, continue your work!" 
His eyes blistered with raw emotion as his concern, desperation and anger were all forged into 
one surge of adrenaline. He needed action and he himself couldn't act so he needed this fool to 
act for him. 
"I... I believe her spirit has entered the World of the Dead." The man said and before he turned, 
Priya saw a smirk on the fools face. 
"No! You... You..." She would have struck at him, but Nefinin needed her support. 
Nefinin had no such qualms. With a surging adrenaline-fuelled boost of his strength he punched 
the man right in the face and pinned him to the wall. 
"Heal her," he hissed at him through clenched teeth. 

Priya was the one who smirked now, her only concern for her Lords bruised hand.

"I..." The man was spluttering and turning blue. "I can't..."

Cynda had been playing quietly in the corner, and she stopped playing when the “Spirit Guide” had gone too far. She 

got up and threw something at him, completely forgetting her position and everything. She didn't care that she 

missed.

Priya flashed a grateful smile at Cynda, and she moved closer to Nefinin. "Your hand. Its bleeding." She took it in 

her own, before she realised what she was doing, she was about to pull away, but he put his fingers through her 

own.

"I don't care anymore. Is she really dead?" he asked, in a voice filled with emotion.

A guard checked her pulse and nodded solemnly, hand-maidens started weeping.

"I am sorry, Priya... I've failed you and your mother. I'm so sorry."

He collapsed onto the ground with a sudden lack of energy, only retaining enough to hold onto Priya's touch.

Tears fell from Priya’s slightly opened eyes, she couldn’t believe it, her mother was gone.

She fell onto the ground beside him, feeling numb, one thing was certain, it was not his fault.
"Get . . . out. . ." she said in a tight whisper to the Spirit Guide. He left quickly, his nose bleeding from where 

Nefinin punched him.
She put her arms around Nefinin, never mind that she shouldn't (especially in front of the crowd), but she didn't 

care. "Darling, my love," she flinched, realising what she'd called him, but he was her love, even if he didn't 

know that... yet. 'Oh darn emotions.' She growled in her mind. "You did not, and I repeat not, fail me. It was... 

him."
"My Lady," Cauletha said softly, hesitantly. "I'm sorry... I didn't realise father would do that to the Queen."
"Cauletha, it is not your fault. I'm sorry that you had to see what your father did." The servant retreated and 

Priya gently rocked Nefinin in her arms, sobbing quietly.

Priya gently moved Nefinin's head onto her chest, holding him tightly against her warm trembling body. Her heart 

beat next to his ear and his fists clutched his robes as he sobbed.
Closing her red-rimmed eyes, Priya fell into a doze, which was filled with the dark forms of nightmares.

---

Amelie preoccupied herself with dashing down the steps of the cathedral scaling. 

She chose the harder route down as it would take her father a while to navigate his way down to the cathedral 

entrance. 

She had the time. Stopping for a second about fifty steps from the ground, and resting in a high window-sill Amelie 

pulled the treasure out of her pocket.

It glittered like crystal, but felt lighter and more fragile than crystal ever could be. 

The object was small and spherical in shape, almost like an eye.

On closer inspection, Amelie found it was exactly like an eye. The detailed iris showed the work of a master glass 

maker. It was breath-taking. The bronze light of the sunset caught the crystalline iris; enhancing the light’s warm 

glow and dulling in it separate areas. It looked... alive. Before she could examine it further, she heard the 

cathedral doors open again. Worried that her father may have actually made it down in decent time, Amelie stowed 

the treasure away again in her thigh pouch before dashing down the last of the building to the ground. 

On the way home, Amelie could hear the cathedral bells ringing quite erratically. She figured she'd find out what 

was going on later that night after her father was immersed in the world of sleep and dreams.

---

Amelie breathed a sigh of relief. The dye had taken. 

Under the floorboards in her room, Amelie always kept a few of what she deemed to be tricks of the trade. Hair 

dyes, lock-picks, a heavy cloak... Standard equipment for some of the things she got up to when the sun went down.

She looked into the only mirror the house had and smiled. The bright blonde hair she had just under an hour ago had 

been turned dark purple, almost black. Beatrice was an absolute marvel when it came to mixing these dyes. Amelie 

didn't know where she'd be without her.

Amelie waited until her father was fast asleep in his chair by the fire. She didn't have to wait long. Fortunately 

for her the man was a heavy sleeper, so he didn't notice the door creak when she opened and closed it. With barely 

more sound than a spider creating a web, Amelie swept down the dark street, her cloak flaring out slightly behind 

her. Her new acquired treasure was stowed again in her thigh pouch.
Amelie made her way out of the town. She checked carefully that no-one was following her before jumping lightly 

onto the back of a passing wagon that was heading due North.

As the wagon rolled past the gates, Amelie descended it as lightly as she had getting on the vehicle. 

The huge gate was next to no challenge whatsoever. If this man didn't want people arriving unexpectedly, he should 

get better security.

Amelie made her way up the cobblestone path, the sound of her footsteps muffled by her soft boots still seemed all 

the louder in the night air. Eventually she reached the tradesmen’s door of the large building. She knocked on it, 

after a few moments hesitation, and waited for an answer.

"Yes?" the man asked, opening the door and peering at the girl before him. "What do you want?" he asked, in a bored 

sort of tone.

All thoughts immediately flew out of Amelie's head. She pulled the hood of her cloak down to hide her face, or her 

emotions. She couldn’t tell which.


"Umm..." she started, "I was hired t-to bring something here from the city. Something p-precious." Amelie would 

rather face a straight plunge off the cathedral than do this, but these people had her father’s life in their hands 

and she didn't want to give them a reason to take it from him…

"Very well, follow me." They walked silently through corridors that twisted and turned, until they reached the 

throne room. The man told her to wait and he whispered her reason for being in the castle to the guards on duty at 

the throne room entrance.

The breath caught in Amelie's throat as she followed the man through the corridors. She wanted nothing more than to 

turn back and run out of this place. It felt cold down here and horribly restricted. She wanted light, fresh air 

and openness. Her entire body was longing for it right now...
But, this was for her father. She could do this for him. She steadied the little resolve she had left as the throne 

room doors opened. She hadn't been brought here when they 'requested' her services last time.

The Dark Lord, Kinarg sat on his throne and he glanced up, when he saw the man and young woman enter the room. 

"Well, well, well," he drawled, "you finally have come, but-" he flicked his eyes past them both to the empty 

doorway and his eyes glittered with anger, "where is the princess?"

Amelie's eyes held evident fear and the slightest bit of confusion. What had she done wrong? Her mission hadn't 

been to steal any sort of princess. She was a thief, not a kidnapper after all...
Still, regardless of the facts, the person before her was not one to listen to reason whilst in a rage.
"I don't know..." Amelie managed somewhere between speech and a squeak, before hurriedly adding "My Lord."

Kinarg breathed heavily, trying to calm his rage. "What do you mean, you don't know? pray explain yourself woman!"

"You told me t-to steal th-is." Amelie fumbled for a moment, shaking as she produced the crystal eye from her thigh 

pouch where she had stored it earlier. 

She held it out before her in her two hands, biting her lip to control her shaking. "I w-wasn't told to k-kidnap 

anyone." Her eyes were wide as she looked at the floor.
Amelie looked like she was torn between crying and running. This couldn't go wrong. It couldn't! Her father's life 

was on the line here!

The Dark Lord was in two minds. He didn't know if he should scold the woman, or hug her. He walked down the steps 

to her and gently lifted her face to his. "Forgive me," he said quietly, "I should not expect so much from you. I 

will have the Princess eventually, but you have done well for now."

Amelie felt her face being turned gently upwards, her cobalt blue eyes met the Dark Lord's own grey ones while her 

cheeks gained a very faint pink dusting of a fleeting blush. She felt relieved, but knew she wasn't off the hook 

yet. He wasn't the sort of person to let an advantage go when he had one.

Amelie wasn't sure if she was seeing things, but she could have sworn there was something very different in his 

Lordship's eyes than what she'd seen the first few times she was here. Despite herself her shaking was subdued into 

silent trembles.
"T-thank you, my lord."

Kinarg smiled slightly. "I only want the Princess to question her, to get the prophecy from her own mouth; I 

believe she was there when the Queen gave the prophecy... If you hear of this prophecy and what was said, I will be 

most grateful if you would come to me and tell me exactly what it says." He moved closer, tracing a long finger 

over her lips. "Very grateful."

Amelie was finding it harder and harder to look away from Lord Kinarg's eyes. Her blush returned as his finger 

traced her lips.

"Understood..." she murmured quietly, trying hard not to move her lips too much or breathe. One of her now purple 

bangs fell forward into her line of sight.

"Good girl." He smiled and without realising what he did, he gently tucked the lock of hair behind her ear.

Amelie was faced with the age old question. Flight, fight or freeze?

The warm hand that gently moved her hair and subconsciously caressed her ear felt all too pleasant, but frightening 

simultaneously. 

She had heard rumours of the deaths that had happened with just a snap of the fingers currently brushing her hair 

back. Everyone had. How could something be so terrifying and so comforting at exactly the same time?

She couldn't fight him, she wasn't that stupid. So, flight or freeze?

Amelie finally remembered to breathe. She found blinking helped return her somewhat to her senses.

The problem was, she still didn't have an answer.

"Are you alright?" he asked, in a quiet voice, glancing at her confused expression. He softly moved his hand from 

her hair and lay his palm on her warm cheek.

Amelie was silent for a second. She shook her head and bit her lip. Amelie reached up and took his hand in her own. 

She brought his two hands in front of her, before placing the treasure she'd been supposed to deliver inside 

Kinarg's hands. She had her answer.

"I have to go..." Amelie’s hand may not have been shaking, but her voice was, regardless of how much she tried to 

conceal it. "My f-father could be waking at any minute and find I'm not at home." She took a step backwards, not 

enjoying the loss of proximity, "I ask your pardon, my Lord."

Amelie let her eyes go back to the floor as she waited on a response.

Kinarg's hand closed around the glass object, as he gazed longingly at the woman in front of him. "Come back as 

soon as you can."

Amelie took this as her signal that it was okay to leave. She nodded after she stood upright and left the throne 

room with the speed of a bird in flight. She understood the sense of relief that washed over her as she left the 

room, but why did she also feel loss?

She couldn't help looking back through the doors as they closed before following her silent guide through the 

labyrinth of tunnels and corridors to the door she had entered the house by.

Kinarg sighed, his hands trembling as his mind and heart raced in unison, his thoughts and feelings swirling around 

inside him. Why did he care about this young woman whom he hardly knew?

Chapter Two

Nefinin 	awoke, a while later, noticing that Priya’s warm, gentle arms were wrapped around him. Glancing up 

at her face, he saw she was dozing, but fitfully.

Nefinin picked Priya up in his arms, finding the strength of resolve to carry on in the face of this tragedy, 

feeling numb now instead of weak. So numb that he forgot that he could barely walk, but he remained surefoot enough 

so that Priya remained still in his arms. He carried her to her bedchamber
, and tucked her in, kissing her on the forehead before he returned to His former Majesty's bedchamber. 

One of the guards had brought the bedsheet up over her face. Doing his best to avert his eyes from this scene, and 

his ears from the sobbing that surrounded him, he turned to Cynda.

"Minstrel," he addressed her. "Your nobility is truer than any given to me by simple birth; you kept playing your 

art even in the midst of such a tragic time and for that I thank you. Take this as a proper token of my great 

appreciation." He extracted from his pocket and held towards Cynda ten thick gold coins.

"Ah, good Sir, you are too kind," Cynda said, looking at Nefinin, "I have played the music for a selfish purpose 

among these tragic times. But I thank thee for holding my performance in such esteem. I cannot accept such a big 

sum, I don't deserve it."

He smiled at her, and he insisted that she take the money. "If you will excuse me, I have some things to see to." 

He walked out of the room, through the corridors, and out of the castle.

---

Nefinin was slumped in the chair at the desk in his study. His house was so close to the royal castle it was 

basically part of it. He and Priya often met and talked in the walled garden outside which, though the Neafage 

family owned it as they had for generations, had a south facing wall which acted as one of the castle's buttress 

foundations.
The healer was so tired. He couldn't face Priya at the moment even though she needed him now more than ever. He was 

a coward and he knew it. He should be where she was, not sitting in a chair useless even to achieve the sleep which 

his anxiety-fraught brain craved but stubbornly denied him.

"Go away," he mumbled at his mirror.

"Nah. Don't want to," the mirror answered him.

Feta emerged from the golden frame, the air around vibrating as matter subsided to allow him entry into the 

carpeted chamber.

"So why you depressed?" Feta asked, seeming genuinely happy at his keeper's depression.

"The Queen is dead."

"I don't see why we should care about that."

"Priya has now been placed in mortal danger."

"Okay, let me rephrase, I don't see why I should care about that."

Nefinin's head snapped up and his haunted eyes made the glare he threw at Feta terrifying.

"Okay, sensitive subject," Feta reasoned, holding his hands up and backing away before grinning again. "Hey pass 

the crystal, I'm hungry."

Nefinin reached into his pocket and threw a faintly shining crystal, carved pristinely exactly like an ear in the 

general direction of the soft surface of a nearby divan. Feta leaped in front of its aerial path and, as he did so, 

the crystal passed through him and his body switched from slightly transparent to solid mass. He sighed with 

contentment and cracked his neck before walking over to the fruit bowl and scoffing down grapes.

"What am I going to do?" Nefinin breathed out in a despairing plea to his unwanted charge.

"'Bout what?" Feta asked, smiling with light blue teeth, drawing his face close to Nefinin's and offering the 

healer a grape. Nefinin, however, refused the piece of fruit. He had more important things on his mind.

"About Priya!"

"What about her," Feta answered, popping the grape into his own mouth.

"I need to do something to save her! I know the best thing for her would be to leave the castle all together and 

seek refuge in a stronghold but she would never leave her people and that kind of existence would be-"

"Shh..." Feta placed two fingers over Nefinin's lips. "You are getting very annoying very quickly... again. Fine, 

I'm listening now, back-track, so her mother's out of the picture, she's the new head of the household, she has a 

nice big castle with loyal guards everywhere and more wealth than a peasant could dream about. Where's the 

problem?"

"There was a development before the Queen died."

"Which was?...”

After Nefinin had recited the prophecy, Feta pursed his lips and knotted his forehead, the embodiment of deep 

thought, serious for the first time that month.

"Okay, got it!" he declared after a few seconds, striding to the window and lounging on it's window-seat. He looked 

down at the birds in the walled-garden and smiled with an inner harmony while Nefinin waited, becoming more and 

more distressed. For a short while.

"What's the answer!"

"Hmm? Oh, right, yeah, simple really."

Feta went back to looking at the birds.

"WHAT'S THE ANSWER!?"

"I can't tell you when you're choking me," Feta's voice was squeaky with the constriction. Nefinin released him and 

fell to the floor, burying his face in his knees. Feta was enjoying his keeper's misery a little too much. He 

delighted in it a few more moments before he crouched down and whispered the answer.

"Your little Priya, as far as we know, hasn't got a sister. The prophecy says "the Princess will be the Dark Lord's 

own". So if I was you, which I'm glad I'm not, I'd get your luvvy-duvvy googly-kitten to a coronation pretty 

quickly and turn her into a Queen. Or, I would see if someone else (though I think they would be a fool to do so), 

wants to take the position; at least while we can think of a better idea."

---

Priya knew she should stay where she was, but she needed Nefinin, or at least, she needed to be around him. She 

rushed out of the castle (avoiding the guards as much as possible – they would try to stop her from leaving; not 

wanting her to be in any harm), and held her dress up out of the mud, that had been created by the rain but a few 

days ago. She rushed to the healers house and walked quickly through the corridors, to his study. 

Standing outside the doorway, so Nefinin or Feta could not see her, she listened to what was being said and she 

shivered.

"Do you really think that is wise, making me a Queen at this current time? I'm sure the Dark Lord will find a way 

to twist the prophecy." She had opened the door and now stood in the centre of the doorway, anger flashing in her 

eyes.

"Priya!" Nefinin said, turning round, looking aghast.

Behind him, Feta squeaked in surprise and darted at the wall, forgetting he was in his solid form and smacking hard 

into it rather than passing through it.
"Ow..."

"Both of you seemed shocked that I'm here..." She said this in a cool uncaring tone. Her arms were folded across 

her chest and hundreds of thoughts and emotions filled her mind. She loved Nefinin, but wondered why he did not 

come for her.
"I mean, you are both here, discussing my death." She sniffed loudly. She knew Nefinin would be shocked by her 

behaviour, but she needed him, and he needed to realise that.

"My dearest love, I commit to you that we most certainly were not! Quite the opposite really, we were trying to 

sort out some sort of strategy to save you from death!"

"Ow…”

"Love?" Priya asked, in a quiet voice and she then flicked back her long hair and gave him an 'it didn't sound like 

that' look.

"Priya, believe me, please, I-"

"No-one cares that I am in pain!"

"No we don't Feta, so shut up!"

Feta picked himself up, glared at Nefinin and Priya through tattooed eyes before transforming into a shaggy, bright 

orange dog and leaping onto the divan where he sulked. Priya ignored Feta, and spoke to Nefinin instead.

"What? Tell me, please Nefinin. Do you have any idea how hard it has been for me, to want to tell you how I fe-feel 

about... and you..." She turned to the dog. "I believe you are not the only one in pain."

---

Cynda had followed Priya out of the castle, and she had stood behind Priya, but the Princess had not noticed her. 

Priya had moved into the middle of the room, while she had been speaking to Nefinin.

Cynda jumped back when she saw the bright orange shaggy dog. She cautiously approached it, feeling awkward.

"Yeah, but I'm the only one I care about- oh crap."

Feta jumped up, morphing back into his human form as he took on a clearer sheen. "I've lost my body again." Feta 

felt his newly transparent chest and his hands went through the torso.

"Great," he muttered, rolling his eyes.

"I know it's hard Priya, I do not claim to be in the same pain as you at this moment, you have just lost your 

mother. You are not in the right state of mind for us to confess our feelings yet, I should have done it before, 

but I'm glad I didn't for surely this tragedy would have destroyed the happiness of that moment. That moment should 

be as perfect as you are perfect." He took her hands in his. "We must wait, but a little longer.”

Behind him Feta gagged. "Plus, it would look like one heck of a usurption on Nefinin's part to join with the future 

queen almost instantly after the old queen dies. "I wanna be the king"- that'd be the rumour. Plus, I don't think 

we've met before have we, Priya, or you over there- peasant with the harp?"

Cynda sighed and she stepped into the middle of the room, and she stared at Feta. "I thought he joined before the 

previous queen passed away? Anyway, I heard his suggestion of someone ruling for Princess Priya, and I am willing 

to help for as long as is needed. It could confuse the Dark Lord." Though it wouldn't be pleasant to go back there 

as a prisoner, she thought. 

Priya glared at the dog and she looked into Nefinin's eyes. "Forgive me, my dear Nefinin," she moved closer to him, 

"I should not place my troubles upon you. Yes, I do love-" she stopped herself, "I'm sorry..." A tear rolled down 

onto her cheek.

Nefinin cupped her face in his hand.
"I love you." He kissed her tear away.

Feta shivered and moved towards Cynda, bare orange-skinned feet with purple toenails pacing across the carpet.

"What a sickening display of affection-" he stopped and looked at Cynda. "You're female aren't you?" And without 

waiting for a reply, he kissed Cynda square and long on the lips. His thick, dark eyelashes shutting like a sun 

suddenly extinguished.

Cynda looked at his feet, perplexed as Feta moved towards her, that color actually looked nice on him. She agreed 

with him about ‘display of affection.’

She was about to  reply sarcastically, when he kissed her. She barely reacted at first then broke the kiss, shocked 

and shook him. "You imp!" She grinned though.

Priya was startled and she put her arms around him, trembling in his embrace. "I love you Nefinin, I have for such 

a long, long time." She pressed her cheek against his own warm one.

Feta would have held onto the kiss, but he was currently just a spirit. The only force behind the kiss was 

basically his soul trying to leap down Cynda's throat, or so that's what Feta defined a kiss as: two people's souls 

beginning to merge.
Cynda kissed well, so Feta wanted more.

"Where's that crystal," he said to himself, looking around the room and thinking back to where it had been thrown.

Cynda shook her head. That was weird, no soul tried to enter hers before... Cynda eyed Feta warily, wondering what 

he was up to. Sure he was cute but still a rabble rouser imp to her.

"We cannot declare our love openly to the people yet, but my heart soars now that I have told you. I love you, dear 

one, so much, I have loved you for so long, I have always loved you, the feeling did nothing but grow and I did not 

fight it. Such a thing that brings me such joy cannot and should not be rejected or refused," Nefinin embraced her 

back, holding onto her as he had wanted to and dreamed to for so many years.

Priya smiled tenderly up at Nefinin. "Crystal?" Priya asked, something niggling at the back of her mind... 

something her mother told her before she died. She moved closer to Nefinin, suddenly afraid.

"Take a leaf from his book," Cynda told Feta, wryly. Then she blushed, realizing what she implied. "I- I mean, you 

can't do that sort of thing openly like that or anything." She raised her eyebrow.

"Hee hey, got it!" Feta declared gleefully, setting his hand on the ear that had been left on the divan. "I thought 

I felt something jabbing into me before I ghosted."
He became solid flesh again and turned to Cynda with a devilish grin. In literally a flash, he had shifted from the 

divan on one end of the large room to the far side of the room and forced his lips back onto Cynda's again.

Priya put her arms around Nefinin, wanting to show her complete devotion to him. "I will never let you go." She had 

whispered this, so only Nefinin could here her. Priya leant her head against his shoulder.

"Feta, leave the girl alone, release her!"
"Bite me, Nef-bat, I'm only human. Well," he considered it. "Not really."
He pressed his lips back on Cynda's again.


Priya giggled, the first happy sound she had made in a while. "You two are sick." She indicated Feta and Cynda. 

"Completeley disgusting."

Nefinin's mood rose like an inselberg at the sound of Priya's laughter, he held her close and kissed her head as he 

forgot all about his annoying, shape-shifting, heart-keeping charge.

"By the way, what's your name, human?" Feta asked, breaking momentarily to lick his lips and check one of his 

canines was still attached to his jaw.

Cynda lightly smacked Feta across the face. "There's your name, cutie."

Priya nestled against him, knowing that she had to continue, for herself and Nefinin, and for her people.

"Oh, that's wonderful that is," Priya said in a sarcastic tone, "Just walk up to a girl, and start to snog her, why 

don't you? oh no, don't worry, the name is not important." She put a hand over her mouth to hold in her laughter.

Cynda grinned. "Exactly, that's the way to win over a girl." She twisted his arm backwards without hurting him.

Feta uncoiled rapidly from Cynda's arms, grabbed her round the waist and swung her down before dropping her onto 

the carpeted floor. He then collapsed down beside her and held out his hand in her direction.

"I'm Fetanertera dantoo Solist, Obata nurkdaia Coranasal, but you can call me cutie if you want. Me name means 

"Third Spire of the Sun, Keeper of Hearts"."

Priya glanced at Nefinin, who had been quiet for some time. "What the-" she stopped, she knew he wouldn't approve 

of such language, "what does his name mean, and in what language is it? I mean, as if he didn't need a strange 

name, he's already strange.”

Cynda gasped as Feta got out of her arm twist and she was swung down then unceromoniously dropped down. She fell 

with an 'ooff'.
She rolled over and looked at his hand. Her face burned turning pink. "You never heard that," she said. She quirked 

an eyebrow. "Nice to meet you Third Spire of the Sun, Keeper of the Hearts. I'm Cynda, which only means melody and 

isn't followed by 'excuse me?!'"She took his hand, hoisted herself up then pulled him down, not on her. She 

grinned, evily.
She chuckled at Priya's comment. "Could only be his name though, right?"


"Such a... disgusting couple." Priya had tears of laughter in her eyes.

"Oi," Cynda said, "I heard that!" She made a face. "I wasn't part of his vulgar display of affection by choice." 

She stood up, dusting herself off.

"It means, my love, that he is the third spike on the sundial. Actually, that's not a proper way to explain it. You 

have seen the traditional symbol of the sun, have you not? A circle with four points coming off north south east 

and west, and then there are four more points, each fitting perfectly inbetween the other points. And finally eight 

more points, each between each of the remaining gaps? Sixteen in total? Well he is the third of the sixteen points. 

He was accidently released and I found him in the garden one night. He hasn't left me alone since. Don't ask me 

what "Keeper of Hearts" means for I do not know."

Priya glanced confusedly at Nefinin, "I have seen the sign my dearest and only love, but... You mean he..." she 

tried not to laugh as she explained what she was trying to say: "dropped down from the sky and just happened to 

find you?"

"How surprising," Cynda said, listening to the explanation, quirking an eyebrow.

"I do feel sorry for you, my dear Lord, to have to put up with such a ...ahem... fascinating character." She moved 

from his gentle embrace, sat down on the floor and began to howl with laughter.

Feta, who had been cracking onto Cynda again by playing with a tassle of her hair, sat up and dropped his face from 

a grin to a frown as the others started laughing, even Nefinin. His mood wasn't helped when he ghosted again.

"For the love of crap!"

He threw himself back down on the floor in exasperation and imediaetly fell through it. He reappeared again a few 

seconds later beside the divan on the far corner of the room, grumbling as he touched the crystal again and slumped 

onto the floor beside the divan, throwing the crystal up and down in his palm as he sulked again in his solid form.

Priya stopped laughing, leaning her head on Nefinin's leg, and glancing at the crystal.

"The prophecy..." She muttered this quietly, fear flooding through her body, as she gazed at the sparkling object.

"I suppose he's not a ray of sunshine anymore," Cynda said. "Sorry, sorry," she said walking over to where Feta was 

and patting his shoulder. "It's okay. We didn't mean to rain on your parade." She could not help herself from 

laughing. "Sorry, sorry! We were just joking." She sat on the divan, above him and played with his hair in 

retaliation. She tried to swipe the crystal from him but failed.

"How old are you, minstrel?" Nefinin asked politely. He hadn't looked down and noticed Priya's fear yet, but he 

soon would when he felt it.

"Hey, leave me mineral alone! How old's your... Prinny Preying-thing?”

Priya sat, trying to remember the prophacey her mother told her before... 'Don't think about that.' She thought, 

scoulding herself.

"Are you alright, my love?" Nefinin stooped, concern for Priya ruling out all else.

"Ooold woman!" Feta yelled over at her, pointing. "Can't stand up for long!"

Cynda glanced at Nefinin. She clamped her hands over her mouth when Feta said that. "Mineral?" She looked at 

Nefinin. "I am 22. How about you?”

"Really?" Feta glanced up at her with large eyes, speaking around the hands over his mouth. "How old do you want me 

to be?"

"Errrrr," Cynda replied, perplexed, "let's stick with 22. How do you have a choice?"

"I... I... mJust remembered..." Priya shook her head.

Cynda took out a mini mandolin and began playing, not sure what else to do and Priya closed her eyes, the music was 

calming her.

Cynda stopped playing for a moment, and she poked Feta. “Can you do a trick?” she asked him.

Feta, who'd been originally an even twenty, grew himself two more years, making himself more muscular and adding a 

beard which he soon got rid off, but he left the slightly longer hair.
"What, you mean apart from changing my form, moving through walls and melding with inanimate objects?... Yeah, I 

have some."
He stood up, leaped and twisted, hitting the high ceiling with his two feet and clapping his hands as he twisted 

again and landed back on his two feet in a crouch.
"Want another one? Cheer up you two!" he shouted across at the others. "We're not sad and we're the peasants!... In 

comparison."

“What – what?” Priya said, shaking herself from her calm state of mind.

"Rich people are always so sad and it's so stupid, what's wrong? Tell the Heart keeper." He said, patting himself 

on the chest.
"I wouldn't trust him with anything too precious, my love," Nefinin whispered in her ear.
"I heard that, you... Cut your fingernails, they're longer than mine."

"There is only one person I trust in this world, and he knows who he is." Priya rubbed her head against his leg but 

so no one else saw.

"Likewise, my love," Nefinin replied softly.
Feta rolled his eyes and rotated his jaw.


Priya stared at the crystal and then she gasped. "The doll!" she said in a shocked whisper.

"What doll?" Nefinin asked. The crystal hit the floor as Feta ghosted again.

"FOR THE LOVE OF CRAP!”

"My mother's prophecy, do you not remember? That's where I first heard of the doll.
When the warrior King leaves all to ruin due to his death,
there will be war, no peaceful rest.
A dark Lord will take the throne,
and the princess will be his own.
Seek therefore, the pieces of the ancient doll, who once was a soul. There you shall find answers to all your 

questions and you shall also learn important trooths and lessons."

"Not this prophecy thing again," Feta moaned, cradling his face in his hands and rubbing the tattoos around his 

eyes.

"Quiet, Feta!" Nefinin scolded.

"Priya!" He turned to her. "Tell me what is wrong. What has alarmed you? Why does that simple crystal of Feta's 

cause you such distress?"

"Nefinin, I'm hungry again," Feta interrupted.

"Then eat something!"

"It... its part of the doll, my love." Suddenly, her eyes closed and she slumpt onto her side, she had fainted with 

shock.

"Oh dear," said Feta, walking over with a loaf of bread which he took a bite out of, completely unconcerned and 

even a little amused as Nefinin freaked out. Running over and dipping his hand in a jug of water before gently 

slapping Priya on the cheek.

"Priya, Priya!"

"Priya! Priya!" Feta mocked, taking Cynda's mandolin off her and replacing it with a platter of fruit and bread 

before he sat down beside her.

"Tell me, my love!" Nefinin pleaded. "Tell me what I can do to save you!"

"I..." Priya coughed and with out realising, pushed his hand away. She slowly sat up and saw him. She fell into his 

arms. "Hold me..."

"I will never let you go! Please, tell me where to take you and I will go with you! Tell me what to do and I will 

do it for you! I will give you anything, do anything, go anywhere! Nothing will separate us!"
There was a brief silence as Nefinin cradled the woman who was his life.

"What if one of you dies?" Feta asked in the silence, cocking an eyebrow and biting into an orange, through skin 

and all.

"I... I do not know what to do." Priya did not want to admit this, but she had no choice.

"If I had my way, you'd be the one who died, for saying something like that..." Priya growled glaring at Feta.

"Sticks and stones may break your bones, but I'm the one usually throwing them so- nya!"

Nefinin looked directly at Feta.

"You're named after a type of cheese."

Feta's ears fell back and his skin turned from orange to blue, his red hair to black and the tattoos around his 

eyes reformed into long tendrils which resembled tear-trails. Feta whimpered.
Priya wanted to hug Feta, but she didn't know if she could trust him... yet.

"Nefinin, what do we do?" she asked instead, to cover up the awkward silence.

"I don't know, but I think the minstrel's idea of acting as your double is a good one, as an expedient at least. I 

and the castle guards can watch over and protect her while you rest and mourn your mother. You will need to be 

strong to fend off this Dark Lord of the prophecy. This said, you should act as regent until you feel it is right 

to go into hiding. The people will need to see you grieving; it will comfort them to know they are not alone in the 

grief of their queen. And I would not wish to disgrace your mother's memory by asking Cynda to mourn in your place, 

faking your emotion for a crowd. No. We must take each day at a time, but I will protect you, my love Priya. We 

will all protect you. Trust us."

"I don't want to burden anyone else with my troubles and guilt..." Priya muttered quietly.

"Our love for you is no burden." Feta snorted in his depression.

"No one knows... No one knows that I could be like my mother... Insane..." Priya said this quietly. “I mean, I 

don’t know if I have the Gift for seeing Prophecy.”

"You're mother was not insane and nor are you and nor will you ever be," Nefinin said the statement with such 

conviction. "Come now, you are tired and grieving. Lie down on the divan. Feta move."

When Feta did not move, Nefinin tipped him off the divan and he lay on the floor in the same position as when he'd 

been curled up on the divan.

"Fine, sorry, you're name is a fantastic one. Far superior to my own."

"I already knew that," Feta mumbled. He didn't change colour, but he did get up and move to sit on the desk chair.

"I love your name, and you, my dear Nefinin." Priya walked over to the divan and collapsed onto it. She closed her 

eyes, and after but a few minutes, she fell asleep, but her dreams were troubled and she kept whimpering in her 

sleep.

"Your woman is sad. My woman's happy... I'm not depressed anymore!"
And instantly he brightened up and returned to his old self. Then he ghosted again and fell through the chair back.

---

Amelie sighed as the pang of loss returned, it was stronger this time as she followed her guide through the castles 

many corridors, and out the door. She didn't relax.

She found a way back over the wall and she was running back to town, yet still the empty feeling was there.
Why? What happened in the throne room? Why did she run? and why the sudden change in Kinarg's manner towards her?
Amelie sighed. She had far too many questions and no way on earth to answer them. Except, she could go back and ask 

him, but she didn’t think that was a wise thing to do at this current time. 

Amelie had been running for over an hour non-stop and she sighed when she reached the castle gates. The weather had 

been kind to her, it didn’t rain that night, but the breeze was enough to ensure that she didn’t have to stop at 

this late hour. The gates were closed, but the smaller, pedestrian one was still open. It never shut except for 

times when the castle was under attack, but that hadn’t happened for generations. Amelie hadn’t lived long enough 

to see her home attacked, and she never wished to.

By the time she had navigated through the town, crept into her house, locked the door and found a way to ascend the 

stairs without too much noise Amelie was glad of her bed. She sank into it gratefully, allowing herself the break 

from reality and the thoughts that had been racing through her mind. One became clear as she allowed her tiredness 

to take over and making her escape to the world of dreams. It wasn't about what had happened, or how, more...
Why do I feel... different

After getting dressed and sorting out the disaster that happened in the kitchen, Amelie changed as quickly as she 

thought humanly possible. Her father won't have had the idea to wake her early for her first day at the palace 

kitchens. He was too busy attempting to make breakfast for her. Normally it was the opposite way around, and for 

good reason...
Without any other option, Amelie was dressed in a green dress when she went out the door. She would have preferred 

to wear her 'night-time' clothes, as she did yesterday, but regardless of how much more comfortable they were, she 

couldn't afford the unusual looks and judgement she'd get for it. Not today.
Thankfully the route to the palace was a short one. She arrived at the palace kitchens with a few minutes to spare.
"Ah, hello Amelie, my dear." Granny Hilda (the old woman who spoke to her was called that because of her kindness 

and love for all) smiled at Amelie as she entered.
"How are you? It's been chaos here. The poor Queen, did you hear? she gave a prophacey, and then a few hours 

afterwards, she died."
Amelie feigned ignorance. She felt bad for trying to get information from this woman. She seemed so... warm, kind 

and loving.
"There was a prophecy?" Amelie asked while washing her hands in a basin. "I heard about her dying, but that was 

because the church bells were very hard to miss."
"Oh yes, there was a prophecy, would you like to hear it, my dear?" Granny Hilda smiled at the look of interest on 

Amelie’s face.
"You know it?" Amelie asked with genuine surprise. Typically if the Dark Lord asked for something from any of his 

followers it was rather hard to obtain, "I'd love to.”

Granny Hilda hesitated for a moment, she was unsure where the girls loyalties lay. Deciding, she smiled and 

repeated the prophacey.

"When the warrior King leaves all to ruin due to his death, there will be war, no peaceful rest.
A dark Lord will take the throne, and the princess will be his own.
Seek therefore, the pieces of the ancient doll, which once was a soul.
There you shall find answers to all your questions, and you shall also learn important trooths and lessons.”
Amelie kept her face emotionless – or as emotionless as she could keep it. She had the prophecy and she could 

return to Wystar tonight.          A small knot formed in her stomach at the thought of returning, yet, the very 

implications of the prophecy felt like a tide of cold water washing over her.
'The Dark Lord will take the throne
And the Princess will be his own'.
Amelie smiled sadly into the basin. That sorted that problem out.

---

"Protect her..." Kinarg said, when the guide, silent as ever had returned. "Keep her safe, or else." The guide 

nodded and left the castle.

Kinarg stood, and was glad to be able to go to his bed. His mind and heart were still racing, what was wrong with 

him?
Kinarg's sleep was filled with dreams of the young woman. 'Amelie, Amelie.' His mind kept saying her name over and 

over again as he tossed and turned.

"I'm Feta actually. But then again, I'm sorta glad you don't dream about me in that way."

Feta was crouched right in front of Kinarg's face. As always he was completely ignoring the proper etiquette of 

giving someone personal space.

Kinarg turned over, but something felt odd. He kept his eyes closed. There was something talking to him. He 

listened, and he opened his eyes and glanced at Feta. "why would I want to dream about you? you aren't atractive."

"As if, I'm beautiful. Now get up already, I have some very interesting news for you. Seriously, you're going to 

love me so much after what I've got to tell you you might actually go gay for me. Now come on, wakey wakey!"

Kinarg growled and sat up. "Spit it out, oh my love."

"Your love?" Feta smiled like a naughty child who'd just found a really fun game he was told not to play.

"Oh, darling, let's just forget what I need to say and get straight to what we both really want."
He lay down on the bed. "Take me Kinarg."
He raised an eyebrow before adding: "You know I'll take this a lot further than you ever will."

Kinarg did not know if he felt annoyed, or amused. He had never been with anyone before (male or female), and he 

wanted Amelie. Sure, there were plenty of women who would give themselves to him (and now Feta- though Kinarg was 

unsure if he was playing or not), but he wanted to wait.

"Get off you..." Kinarg pushed the fool to the floor. "Now, tell me what you came here to tell me, then leave. I 

will have the woman."

"If I take off my shirt will it help?" Feta asked, sitting up and smiling behind hooded eyes up at Kinarg. "If I go 

get a crystal so I have a body? Or, of course, you can always say I won this little game first and then I get on 

with my message. Your choice."

Kinarg glared interestedly at the - what was he? man, spirit? Sighing, he scowled at him and said: "Just tell me 

your 'news', I have better things to be doing."
'Like thinking of Amelie...'

"Hmm, very well you surprising homophobe, I'll tell you. Right now, at this very moment as I speak the princess' 

palace has been placed into full defence mode to protect their sweet little royal. Now, here's the bad news: every 

guard in the castle is now out, ready to fight, marching and saluting and patrolling every entranceway and opening 

into the place. But, here's the good news: every guard in the castle is now out, ready to fight, marching and 

saluting and patrolling every entranceway and opening into the place." Feta smiled and sat back down on the bed, 

trying to stop himself falling through it.

Kinarg frowned, processing this information. "I wonder if she has heard the prophacey yet."
"Don't know who "she" is, don't care either."

"Amelie, of course, and, what did you mean it was both good and bad news that the place is being patrolled by 

guards?"”

 "Well, it's bad news because they have every guard they have out, but it's good newsbecause it means that if 

they're all out, they're perfectly able to be taken out. Think about it. Now you have the chance to wipe out every 

single soldier from the castle so that when you take it over there'll be no-one who knows how to fight left to 

cause any hassle afterwards. The timing's perfect for an attack. You take out every single soldier and there'll be 

no meaningful resistance forces that will be able to spring up when you're sitting in the castle."

Kinarg smiled a small smile. "Very good," he drawled, "I'm impressed, and, you actually thought of this all by 

yourself?" He gazed out the window, the sun was just beginning to rise. "Hmm, we could be there in two days. Then 

I'll be able to get Amelie and Priya out of there."

'Why would I want to get the Princess out of there, though?' He knew she was a key figur in the prophacey, but she 

mattered little to him.

"Any news on the Princess herself?" Kinarg asked, after a moment.

"She's spoilt, a brat and in love with this guy who's gotten boring to me now. Oh and her mother's dead, so she's 

probably not in a good mindset at the moment. What've you got planned for her?" 
Feta came and stood by the window beside Kinarg, looking at him with dark-rimmed eyes before turning to look at the 

rising solar disc. His eyes softened when he saw it. Momentarily.

Kinarg was unsure as to what to do with the spoilt Princess. "In love, you say? perhaps, we should destroy this 

fool who she loves, for she will be grieving more, I am sure, and maybe my men or I," he had to think about this, 

"could enjoy her.”

"Rather grim, don't ya think? Why not just kill her and be done with it?"

"Don't be a fool," Kinarg said, now irritated, "we do not know what part she has to play in this, and besides, 

torture is good for the enemy, it'll help them join us, or give us information or..." His eyes gleamed, "the 

crystals.” 

"You want to reunite the freaking Doll!? Are you completely insane!? Why would you do that!? If you do that we'd 

all have to choose to become stone statues or... mortal!"

Kinarg sighed, exhasperated. “Well, have you got any better idea?”

"YES! Don't reunite the Doll! Destroy it even! Get that Amy-girl or whatever her name was of yours to get her hands 

on just one of the stupid crystals and smash it so all our problems will be over!"

"My problems at least," he muttered under his breath as an after-thought.

"It always has to be your problems that  matter, doesn't it, Feta?"
The voice was a woman's and it came from directly behind Feta and Kinarg. Solta, the Fifth Spire, stood with her 

arms folded and her yellow eyes looked straight at them from amidst the depths of the wavy tattoos that encircled 

them, making her pupils appear like the hearts of two maelstroms.
“The crystals will not be destroyed.”

“What are you doing here, woman?” Kinarg growled.

"It's so good to feel so loved."

"Hey, I offered that ages ago!"

"As if it would ever have worked out between us, Feta. Now, the reason I'm here, to put it bluntly, is because both 

you men are too idiotic to be left alone to your own devices anymore."

"What do you mean? I know Kinarg's an idiot, but I'm just an innocent, easy-going freaky thing!"

"Indeed you are, Feta, but you are also an idiot because you have chosen to want the destruction of a crystal that 

you are fully and naturally bound to and you, Kinarg, are an idiot for striving to achieve a prophecy which ends 

only with your downfall. This is why I have left my place in the world and come here, to make sure neither of your 

plans achieve fruition."”

 “My downfall?” Kinarg asked, his anger was beginning to rise.

"Yes Kinarg, your downfall. The prophecy ends with the reunification of our Doll and so the Doll will be reunited 

if you pursue the prophecy, but then it will also be reunited if you don't pursue the prophecy. Our time in this 

world is over, gentlemen, we can either leave it in peace or burning to the ground and you, Kinarg, are planning to 

burn it to the ground. I won't allow it. Nore will I allow you to either, Feta. We must work together to reunite 

the Doll and return to full spirit like we once were. Whatever mistake we made when we were One must be undone. It 

is our sole duty."

"I don't care about duty," Feta piped in.

"It saddens me that you do not care about anything."
This shut Feta up.

“What do you suggest we do then?”

"We must find all the crystals. Find all the crystals so we can summon them and return each to their own half-form 

so we can all make the Choice and return to our place as one of the stars."

"No friggin' way!" Feta cut in. "Look, you crazy-ass bat-woman, there is no way that I am hanging about, helping 

you to turn me to stone!"

"You wouldn't turn to stone, you'd join with us all in pure spirit. We'd return to what we once were."

"Yeah, because what we used to be was so great wasn't it?"

"Well then choose to become a mortal, return your power to the star and allow the rest of us to become One in Fire 

again."

"If I become a human, I will have nothing to live for! All mortals do is wait around, ignoring death until it kills 

them. We've been here a while now, we've seen them do it!"

"Is that all you've seen of mortals, Feta?"

"Kinarg," Feta turned to the other of the room's inhabitants, ignoring Solta's last comment. "Help me out here!"

Kinarg sighed, "Honestly, you both are acting like children. I'll bury the crystals, when I find them."

---

It had taken Amelie almost half an hour to get to Wystar. The first ten minutes, she spent walking before a wagon 

came past travelling her way and she hopped on it.

The wall provided as little a challenge as a butter does to a hot knife. Again making her way to the back entrance, 

this time Amelie could see the gardens properly, and ye gods did she regret not seeing them before. Now, in the 

sunlight, she could see the blossoms of different flowers she never knew even existed. Such a chance a bit of 

sunlight made to the world...

Kinarg sighed. He needed to be alone. He stood up and glanced at Solta and Feta.
“Why don’t you two go out in the gardens and enjoy the sunshine? I have a few things I need to see to.” He watched 

them exit his room and then he himself exited the room, closing the door  behind him.

Chapter Three

Priya awoke, a few hours later, with a whimper. "Rich people," Feta muttered loudly from his position with his feet 

up on the desk, peeling a banana. The crystal ear lay on the desk top beside him.

"And before you start moaning about your Nefy-Wefy, he's gone to address the people on your behalf while you are 

"in grieving" and to try and sort out your security details with some castle commander or something." He loftily 

waved the words away with his free hand.

"I dunno, I can only listen to him for a few seconds before I lose focus."

“You always lose your focus after two seconds," Cynda said. She looked at Priya. "I'm glad you took my suggestion 

to be the double, no one's burdened this way." She took the crystal ear from the desk top and put it on Feta. When 

he became solid she took out a pair of sheers and cut his hair until it was above his ears. "Stop being muscular, I 

hate muscular and don't call me your woman." She waved the sheers at him.

"But you are my woman?! Otherwise why would you be asking me to change for your visual pleasure?! Hmm... less 

muscular..."
Feta began to morph, aging rapidly backwards through his twenties and back into his teens until he sat in the chair 

as an orange-skinned and red-haired fourteen-year-old boy. He looked at himself in the desk's mirror, no longer 

heavily toned and smiled with approval before beginning to age up again, resisting the muscle growth spasms until 

he was twenty-two again, no longer muscular, but instead thin. Painfully thin. He looked at his reflection on the 

desk's mirror and let out a gasp of fright at his bonified face, immediately began to morph back to twenty, then 

back to twenty-two again, this time holding onto some fat. He observed himself again, muscle mass decreased to 

almost gone, a bit of healthy fat in his cheeks and the long red sweeping spikes of his hair having grown back as 

he aged upwards again. He looked up at Cynda.

"Better?" he asked, smiling as he took another bite of banana.

Priya yawned and stretched. "What... what time is it?" she asked, feeling disorientated.

"You humans like to call this phase that the sun takes, ten o'clock in the morning. We all-knowing and entwined 

solar spirits of the Last Age like to call it Breakfast Time Number 2."

Feta grabbed a wedge of cheese and jabbed it through a chunk of bread, and then he ate both in one go.

"You are strange, you know that? Oh I wish Nefinin were here." Priya sat up, her body felt sore.

"Well, he's not and you're stuck with us two. Here, stick this in your mouth so you can't speak."
He lobbed a wedge of cheese at her so it bounced off her forehead.

"Plus Nefinin says that breakfast is the most important meal of the day as it fills you up with all the necessary 

nutrients blah blah blah blah blah, etc."Well, Nefinin is not here," Priya said with a grin, "and I'm sure you'll 

keep it quiet if I didn't have any breakfast, won't you?"

Just then, however, Nefinin entered the room to find Priya awake.

Cynda frowned then smiled at Feta, and then she replied to his earlier question about his looks. "Maybe you're mine 

instead of me being yours. You look less macho but still tough. Thanks."Cynda took some bread & cheese too. "Do you 

have any butter or jam or muffins?" She was already happily eating the cheese and bread.

"You'll have to ask Nefinin, it is his house, afterall." Priya said, yawning again.

"There's plenty in the kitchen larders at the far end of the house. I was just about to request you leave for a 

term anyhow, would you both," he looked pointedly at Feta who smiled and shook a loaf of bread back. "please give 

me a few moments alone with Priya?"

Feta shrugged and grabbed Cynda's hand, leading her out the door. As they left, he asked:
"How would you like me to have a tail, my woman?”

"Erhrhrh, no," Cynda said carefully, as they walked, "why? New style?"

"No, not really a new style," answered Feta. "Just because I can." And suddenly there whipped into his hand a long 

tail with a small, pointed red-haired tassle on the end, then the tail morphed into a set of three-corded tassles, 

then three ribbons.

"Meh," he dismissed the idea aloud and the tails disappeared and he continued walking to the larders, then ghosted.

"At that rate you can pose as the castle decorations soon," Cynda said, giggling, following him to the larder.

---

 “Nefinin?” Priya asked, for Nefinin had been silently staring out the window.

"I have addressed the people and made all the arrangements for the funeral. Requests, condolences and tributes are 

beginning to flood the castle already. I have also placed the castle guard on full alert for any aggressive 

movements made by any hostile forces. Preparations for your double are underway with only three other people apart 

from ourselves aware of the situation."

He was silent for a moment as he stared out the window, his back to her.

"I promised you, Priya. I will protect you. Come hell, Dark Lord or even Feta."

"How can I ever thank you, my dear Nefinin?" she stood up and walked over to him. She put her arms around him from 

behind and leant her head on his shoulder. She was silent for a while before she asked: "what do you mean about 

Feta?”

"He won't tell me anything about himself. He's a complete and total enigma and he teases me that he will always be. 

I have to put up with him being an annoyance and distracting me from my duties constantly. I have him as a spirit 

on my shoulder that could possibly shift loyalties and turn hostile at any time. He may be a bit of a quirk, but 

his power is undeniable: he can shift form, go through walls and sometimes he gets this light in his eyes which 

tells me he has a force within him that could destroy us all. But I rattle on. How is my Princess today, any 

better?"

"...I never thought of that... I... I'm just really greatful because of what you have done and what you are doing 

for me, for our people. How are you, my Lord?”

"I was able to get two or three hours sleep through the night, so I feel better than yesterday, even more so now 

that I am with you. And do not fret about Feta, for I say he has the power to destroy us, but likewise that same 

power might save us."

"You need more sleep..." Priya kissed his shoulder. "I won't worry as long as you are near."

"But I cannot sleep. I have a purpose of duty that must be fulfilled before I can even contemplate the thought, it 

has always been such with me. Once this crisis is over and you are safe, then I will rest, not before.”

"Your health is important to me." Priya ran her hands over his chest. "You know that I love you and I only want 

what's right and best for you. You said you'd protect me, as will I you."

"Oh my only love, how I long to throw myself down at your feet and propose myself to you in union, but I know that 

such joy would have to remain hidden and I do not wish to burden you with more concealed happiness! Kept and 

trapped within the shadows like something fell. But I swear to you, after this crisis ends, we will be happy 

together! I assure this to you, my love!"

Priya's eyes filled with tears. "I care not what anyone else says. Only your oppinion matters to me, no one elses. 

You know I say yes, no matter the situation." She turned around and faced him with her arms around him once more. 

"I have been with no other man, and you are my first and only love. I have loved you for years. Only Senet and... 

and my mother knew." She was refering to her maide who was a friend to her.

"But we can't... The people would not understand and you deserve perfect happiness, not some incomplete joy.”

"I am happy with you, oh my dearest love, no matter the situation. I have to show the people that - and I disagree, 

I am strong..." She shuddered. “I can live with what the people say, as long as you are by my side.”

"I know, I just wish your mother was here, and there was no crisis and she could give her blessing. But, don't 

worry, we will find a solution to all this."
He wrapped his arms around her. "Now come, you haven't had breakfast. You eat in a more dignified manner than Feta 

so all these shrapnels of fruit skin are no doubt his."

She giggled and smiled. "Yes, I was propperly trained, unlike some... animals who insist on leaving food around for 

the servants."

Nefinin and Priya entered the kitchen larders where Feta was literally inside one of the wall cupboards, his feet 

sticking out between the open door panels as he threw food randomly over his shoulder to be caught by Cynda below.
"Get out of there, you unsanitary raider!" Nefinin chastised loudly, grabbing one of the feet and pulling Feta out 

by the leg so the red-haired imp lay sprawled out on the counter, half-upside-down and with a small jar of jam 

sticking out of his mouth, looking at Nefinin in surprise at the healer's sudden presence and action.

Cynda was catching food Feta threw at her, when Nefinin pulled Feta out of the cupboard. She looked at Nefinin in 

shock too, putting the food she caught in a basket. "I thought we could take what we want." She smiled sheepishly 

and impishly at the same time.

"Yes," the healer replied. "You can have anything you want out of the cupboards as long as when you take them out 

you yourself are also outside the cupboards."
He made the remark towards feta who, rather than showed any remorse, just grinned up at Nefinin and offered him the 

jar still in his mouth.

Priya giggled, a grin on her face. "Just don't eat everything, you know, everyone else has to eat as well..." She 

shook her head and muttered: "men... Seriously pathetic."


Feta threw a cheese roll at Priya, but Nefinin caught it and broke off a piece which he then handed to Priya, 

encouraging her with a word to eat, then threw the rest of the roll straight back at Feta's face, but the imp 

ghosted right before contact and so the roll smacked the wall behind him.

Deciding that she should do as he told her to do, she ate in silence.
Priya moved next to Nefinin and giggled when the roll hit the wall.

Feta yawned in his transparent state.
"Wanna know something funny?" he asked.

"You? oh yeah, that's funny." Priya snorted with laughter. "Okay, okay, I was joking. What?"

He smiled and for the first time a darkness seemed to cover his face. It wasn't a smile, it was a sinister sneer.

"You are not nearly as worried as you should be.” And with that, he ghosted back through the wall and disappeared.

"What the hell?" Priya said in alarm, but she closed her mouth when Nefinin gave her a look that said 'there is no 

need for such language.'
"Okay, okay, um... What just happened? and what did he mean? um..."

"I don't know," Nefinin frowned. "He's never spoken like that before... ever... Quick, eat your breakfast, we need 

to get you into the main castle halls."
He was trying to hide his great worry for Priya's sake, but, though his jaw remained rigid and set, his eyes held 

his anxiety clearly in their depths like two poisoned pools.

"Okay... okay... We need to calm down... Why do I need to go there?" She began to eat quickly, never mind that she 

was a Princess and she should have manners when eating, plus she was starving, even if she didn't tell him that.

"Hey," she said softly, after she had eaten. She put her arms around him, "what's wrong?"

"He knows things, Priya, things he has refused to tell me since the day I found him sitting eating the flowers in 

the garden. It's not just empty words he's speaking. If he says there's something to worry about then there will be 

and it will be large and dangerous. I need to get you to the safest location possible," he paused to brush a crumb 

from her mouth. " So my mind can rest knowing you are safe and I can concentrate on making plans for you."

Priya softly ran a finger down his cheek. "You are so wonderful to me. My main concern is you, my Lord and my 

love.” She hid her fear from him, and she moved closer to him.
 She hid her fear from him, and she moved closer to him.

"And likewise mine is you, and you alone."

She gently took his left hand in her right and rubbed her left thumb over his knuckles. "I don't know where I'd be 

with out you."

He smiled softly, and gently took her hands in his own once more. “Come, let us go to your chamber, you will be 

safe there.”

Nefinin entered the Princess’s room with Priya. He turned to the Princess.
"Please stay here, my love, until I find Feta then I will return to you. Please do not leave the palace until I 

found out what he meant with his dark words."

He kissed her lightly on the forehead then swept out of the room, past two guards he had had stationed outside. The 

full castle was on full alert since that morning. Wall patrols, door guards, reserves had been called in and the 

commanders had been ordered to stand by in case of attack. Nefinin wouldn't take any chances with his love's 

safety.

Priya sat on her bed, silently awaiting his return.

---

Nefinin swept through the sun-lit grounds, the weather completely at odds with his mood as he searched fervently 

with his eyes and ears for the imp. He had searched in vain for several minutes and was growing more anxious when 

he heard a familiar voice singing from behind the large white fountain in his flower garden.

"# Marchy marchy marchy marchy, marchy goes the guards in white..."

"Feta!" Nefinin shouted out, rather savagely.

"Oh no!" lamented Feta melodramatically from his place sitting on the dais behind the statue in the fountain's 

centre. "The beast has found me!"
He grinned as Nefinin swept around in front of him.

"What did you mean by that!?" the healer demanded angrily.

"What did I mean by what? I say a lot of things in my life Nefinin, not just a load of love-related crap like you 

do."

""We're not as worried as we should be" - what did you mean?! Were you warning us or was it just some sick game you 

were playing with Priya!?"

"Oh no, don't get me wrong, I was warning you," Feta replied, smiling happily like a small child. He yawned at 

Nefinin's growing panic before he continued.

"You're all in a great deal of trouble and it's coming your way, believe me. You're all going down," he jumped up 

and leaped into the water, leaving no splash.

"Feta! Tell me exactly what you mean by this or I'll-"

"Oh this should be interesting! You'll what?" Feta morphed into a sixteen-year old teenager with a moody stare and 

a sideways slouch. "Hit me? Force it out of me some how? I'm not exactly matter at the moment, dumbass, so what 

exactly can you do to me?" He smirked, his dark eyes focussing on Nefinin as he cocked his head to one side.

"I'll destroy your crystal," Nefinin hissed out threateningly.

"Oh no please don't!" Feta pretended to swoon. "Seriously! You think that's a threat?! Come on, you're trying here, 

but you haven't got a clue how to save Priya. You think that's my crystal you have? Ha! We don't keep a hold of our 

own crystal. We take one from each other to avoid having to make the Choice! And yeah, go ahead, destroy the 

crystal, destroy all of them! I want that! We can't destroy the crystals! We're relying on one of you mortals to! 

So go ahead, destroy Sinta's crystal! Find mine and destroy it too, I don't want the Choice. I'm happy the way I 

am! Why would I want to be a human or a burning mass of ether? This form is much better and fun than either of 

them!”
He jumped into the air and went through the mosaiced pavement below as he fell down again.

"Feta!" Nefinin cried out, dropping to his knees at the spot where the spirit had gone. But that was just it; Feta 

had gone.

---

Priya knew she should remain in the castle because Nefinin had told her to, but she wanted to see if he was 

alright.

She walked through the castle grounds, and finally, she saw him at the water’s edge.
"Nefinin?”
She knew somehow that he'd be disappointed that she'd followed him, but she had to comfort him. His safety was 

important as well
 Nefinin looked up, his face contorted with mental torture. When he saw Priya, his eyes hardened. He got up and 

strode over to her, grabbing her by the arm and dragging her back to the castle

"I tell you to stay where it's safe," he muttered lowly. "I tell you to stay where it's safe and yet you come out 

into the open and expose yourself to evrything when I'm trying nothing but to PROTECT YOU!

He threw her roughly in front of him and as he caught sight of her, Feta's words rebounded in his head:
"You're trying to protect her, but you don't know how...”

Nefinin let out a choked sob and embraced Priya, mumbling apologies into her ear over and over again, breaking down 

in his fear for the one he loved so
Priya was very surprised by her Lord and her loves reaction, and when he broke down with sobs, her heart was filled 

with guilt. 
"And I'm not allowed to protect you? Just because I'm a woman or a Princess, doesn't mean I am not indipendent," 

she glared at the wall, "nor does it mean that I shouldn't protect you, which, is my priority, afterall." 

"It is not because you are a woman nor because you are royal," he said between sobs. "But because according to the 

prophecy you will be this Dark Lord's target. Don't you see, you can't defend yourself! If you try it will only be 

by you placing yourself within his grasp and I won't allow that! I won't allow him to take you from me! If you die, 

I'll die. And if I'm defending you and you're trying to be near me to protect me, you'll be placing yourself in 

danger again! Don't you understand? I know you have a strong soul and are independent, I love you because you are 

and I would not wish you to be anything else, but you can't be independent for this fight! You must stay away from 

him and hide so you will still be alive when I return for you! I can't lose you. 
He clutched her tighter, never wanting to let her go, crying bitter tears into her shoulder.
"Nefinin, your not leaving me, how you feel, about defending me, it is the same for me for you. I won't allow you 

to leave my sight, for years and years, even when I was a little girl, my feelings for you lived inside me, and now 

we're just going to throw our feelings away for some pathetic prophecy? No Dark Lord could ever take me away from 

you, I'll make sure of that." She wanted to run, run far away, but only if he was with her, so she stood, holding 

him against her in the silence of the castle

"What can we do?" he asked her brokenly

"Destroy that crystal." Priya was unsure if he would agree with this idea, but she had to suggest it

"But that's what Feta wants..." He paused and thought for a moment

"Yes!" he finally concluded. "Yes, the prophecy is tied to the crystal somehow! If we destroy the crystal we can 

destroy the prophecy so it can't be fulfilled and the Dark Lord won't succeed! Yes! Feta was playing us! Really he 

was trying to warn us, in a bizarre freakish way, yes, but that's because he is a bizarre freak! He couldn't have 

suddenly become evil- he's not evil, he's helping us! He will save us!
Nefinin laughed as his hope in the impish spirit returned. It all made sense; Feta knew what was going on, he knew 

how the crystals worked so if he wanted the crystals destroyed then it was because that was the right thing to do.
“We will destroy it now! Come, there is no time to lose.” 

Priya followed him, surprised with this sudden change of emotion. She thought it had been a good idea, but she had 

hoped that they could at least discuss how to find the rest of the crystals, and destroy the doll. Panting as she 

ran beside her love, she decided she'd talk to him. Wondering if he'd listen, she put a hand on his arm. "Nefinin?"


"Yes, my love?" Nefinin asked, turning with a big smile on his face, the adrenaline and endorphines in him aroused 

by his rejuvenation of hope and purpose.

"Um," she began hesitantly, "uh... How are we um... going to destroy the crystals?"

"Not sure, but we'll start by picking up a big, hard thing and hitting it with that!"

Priya sighed. “Oh dear…”

Nefinin and Priya had returned to Nefinin's kitchen larder again. As soon as they entered, the healer began eagerly 

scouring through everything in the small room from food to jars to kitchen utensils, searching in a slightly crazed 

fashion for the little crystal. Suddenly he froze and went over to the cupboard which Feta had been inside earlier 

that morning. There, on the counter below the open cupboard door, half covered in spilt flour and apple sauce, was 

the ear-shaped crystal. Nefinin picked it up between two sharp-nailed fingers before turning to Priya with a broad 

smile. He grabbed the meat-tenderiser, set the crystal on the counter and tested the weight of the tenderiser.
"Ready?" he asked her.

Priya stood, silently, with her eyes closed. Opening her eyes after a few moments, she glanced at the crystal, she 

gave a sigh. "Um, Nefinin? I had a vision..." She had been quiet for a while, and in her mind, she saw a young man, 

who looked like Nefinin in her mind, "of our son..." Somehow, she knew he was linked with the mystery of the 

crystals and she knew he was their future child.

Both the tenderiser and crystal hit the floor as they fell from Nefinin's suddenly numb hands.
"Our son...?"

Priya stared at him, feeling annoyed. "Yes, that's what I said, wasn't it?" She rubbed her temples in circular 

motions with her pointer-fingers, she had a headache, and when she had a headache, she was quick to snap at anyone.

"What… what did he say?"

Walking over to him, she leant against him and closed her eyes, the headache was painful.

"He-" she began, trying to remember what their unborn son said to her in the vision she had had but a few minutes 

ago.

"He said he didn't want anyone to destroy the crystals..." She knew Nefinin would not like this at all.

In her vision, their son had been fully grown, and he had a serious expression on his face, as he told his mother 

not to destroy the crystals.

Nefinin's eyebrows furrowed.
"Why? ... "

Priya moved away from him, sighed and stomped her foot. "He didn't say, otherwise I would have told you." She put 

her head in her hands.

Nefinin looked down at the crystal on the floor at his feet, then went over and held Priya. He sighed. "I believe 

you, we won't destroy it."

"Of course you do." Priya closed her eyes, "I'm sorry, this headache is making me feel frustrated."

"Here," he reached over and pulled open a cupboard, taking a small bottle out of it. "Take this in sips and it will 

soothe you."

She grimaced, the taste was awful. "Ug, wh-what was that?" she asked, gasping.

Nefinin smiled at her reaction. "Cold camille tea mixed with Belstrude petal, the two combined quickly soothe the 

mind. Do you feel better? Depending on the person, it might take a few minutes. Breathe deep so the scent of the 

herbs can also enter your respiratory pathways."

"I... I'm not sure." Priya knew that she felt a little dizzy, and she leant against the bench for support.

Priya breathed deeply, looking at her lover as she did so, "I'm sorry," she said, and when she felt a little 

better, she walked over to him, "I was just in shock; seeing our unborn son..." She gently placed a hand on his 

arms, which were on the bench’s surface, folded.

"What shall we do now?" he asked forlornly, tossing the crystal away onto a sack of potatoes. "If we can't destroy 

the crystal how can we save you?"

"I am not sure. Your safety is more important." Priya twisted a lock of hair around her finger and she placed it 

near her mouth, it was a bad habbit of hers, one that Nefinin was trying to break.

"Oh it is not…" Nefinin pulled the hair lock from between her fingers and hugged her.

"Do not argue with me, or you'll regret it. I'll have to punnish you." She smiled mysteriously. "I have a nice 

punnishment in mind."

She was about to kiss him, but a knock at the door interupted them. “Come in.”

A guard entered, he seemed to be out of breath. "My Lord, my Lady, someone has betrayed us." The crystal had 

somehow disappeared while they were talking, Feta had summoned it, no doubt.

"No! The crystal!" Nefinin looked around for it, but it had gone.
"Where is Feta? That fool, he was supposed to help us!"

"Easy my love, I'm sure he'll show up soon." Priya rubbed her hand over his arm.

Priya felt the concern Nefinin felt, but she would not let it eat at her. Priya stood silently, glancing at 

Nefinin.

"I don't know, Priya. This is the calm before the storm, what are we supposed to do except wait for it to arrive. 

Should we go speak to Granny Hilda, she will keep our spirits up if nothing else?"

"I think that is the best idea, let's go see her now." Priya felt that something good would come out of this.

---

Kinarg knew who was in his castle, and the castle grounds, and he felt a knew presence, one he vaguely recognised. 

He closed his eyes as he tried to remember who's presence it was.
'Amelie, what are you doing here?' He sent the thought out to her in her mind – he had a gift for entering people’s 

minds.

Amelie was startled and immediately started looking her the source of the voice. When she didn't find one, she 

frowned and shook her head. Surely she hadn't been thinking of Kinarg so much in the day that she'd started 

imagining his voice in her head. There had to be another explaination.

'It appears we have both been thinking of one another a lot today. Meet me at the library.' He said this to Amelie, 

showing her where the library was located mentally.

Half believing, half sceptical, Amelie followed the images in her head to the library. No-one tried to stop her or 

challenge her. When she reached the last image, an antique wooden door, she stopped. Drawing in a quiet breath, she 

reached out and knocked on the door gently.

He opened the door, and smiled. "You came." He pulled her into his gentle embrace, pressing his face in her hair.

Amelie couldn't help but smile and relax into his embrace. She knew that once he heard the prophecy, he wouldn't 

even look at her, so she'd enjoy what little she could now.

"Of course," Amelie said softly, "you asked me to come... How do I resist a siren's call?"

Kinarg looked down at her, as she relaxed in his embrace. "Did you find out what the prophecy says?" he asked, 

excitement now in his voice.

Amelie stepped out of his embrace again and looked down at the floor. She nodded slowly and recited off in a quiet 

voice

"When the warrior King leaves all to ruin due to his death,
there will be war, no peaceful rest.
A dark Lord will take the throne,
and the princess will be his own.
Seek therefore, the pieces of the ancient doll,
which once was a soul.
There you shall find answers to all your questions,
and you shall also learn important trooths and lessons."

There were tears in Amelie's eyes when she finished. "T-that's why you w-want Priya so much, isn't i-it?" A small 

sad smile came it her lips as she thought, 'I'm just sport. Nothing more'

Kinarg repeated the prophacey in his head, and he shook his head, he did not want the Princess, he wanted Amelie. 

"What! no. I- I love-" He reached for her again. "I love you."

Hope lit in Amelie's eyes, but died in the same instant. Hearing those words caused a jolt in her heart, but also 

made the tears in her eyes fall.

"In t-time, you will love her..." Amelie said somewhere between a whisper and a sob. "Not m-me. I'm sorry."

"You don't know that, why are you so eager for me to love her? I've read your mind, while you were asleep. I know I 

shouldn't have, but I wanted to see if you would stick to my orders." He grasped her upper arms and with his 

pointer fingers, he rubbed the soft skin tenderly, in circular movements. "I know how you feel about me, now you 

know how I feel about you Amelie."

"I'm not!" Amelie exclaimed, "I d-don't... I mean, I don't want to lose you." Amelie hesitantly stepped forward and 

hugged Kinarg around the middle, her head against his chest. "I'm j-just kind of scared."

He gently placed his arms around her waste, pulling her against his firm body. He softly kissed her kneck. "You 

won't lose me, my sweet one, but, come, tell me, why are you scared? you know I will never hurt you." He shuddered 

at the thought. "I have never been with a woman before, and I know you have never been with a man before, this is a 

new experience for the both of us, but I want to experience it with you." Softly, he lay his head against her 

chest, where he felt her heart beating.

Amelie bit her lip, not sure whether to tell the truth or not... She decided quickly. What was the worst the truth 

could do?

"That was my fear, to give my heart away only to have it shattered and have to p-piece it back together." Amelie 

relaxed sightly again.

"I promise you, my beautiful beloved, that I will never leave you." He pulled her closer to him, longing for her.

Amelie's mouth moved into a smile, "Thank you", she whispered, both words completely heart-felt. Her head now on 

his shoulder, Amelie closed her eyes and held him as tight as he did her.

Tenderly, he smiled. "You and your father can come and live here, if you want; you will be protected by me and my 

soldiers, and we can spend more time together." A feeling of hope was ignited within him. "I would really like you 

to, my dearest and only love." He stroked her hair with gentle fingers.

Amelie smiled sadly. "I can't..." she started, before backtracking, "I w-want to, but, the workshop... My father's 

craft... T-that's all he really has. I can't take that away from him. And you need someone inside the castle, m-my 

lord."

Amelie said the last two words with a different sentiment than she'd felt before. He could be her's now, every bit 

as much as she was his.

"What do you mean I need someone inside the castle? I need you, my dear Lady." He stroked her cheek tenderly. "I 

respect your father, and I want you to both be happy; it is both your decision. I could always get workers whom I 

trust to help him."

"Don't you?" Amelie leaned backwards to look at Kinarg, "I t-thought you did. I thought you needed someone to get 

information from the palace..." Amelie was silent for a second, thinking everything over...
s
"I will ask him..." she resolved. She doubted the answer would be yes, but she had to try.

He nodded, and then he moved closer to her, putting a strong arm around her waste. "For us, I hope the answer is 

yes."

Amelie unconciously moved closer to him, gaining a comfort she thought she never would. Yes, she would try her 

hardest for... for this.
"So do I." she smiled.

"I know it is a long journey home, so if you wish to stay the night," he grinned mentally, "I will make sure you 

are provided with the best comfort."

Amelie smiled, Kinarg knew all this already. So, was he just teasing her?

"You know I can't," she replied, "despite how much I want to."

Kinarg lowered his head, he wanted her to stay with him, he needed her. "As much as I don't want you to go, I 

understand, but I need to see you again." He kissed her neck tenderly.

Amelie let out a contented sigh. How could she feel so at ease here, but still so scared? Why did her stomach 

suddenly have butterflies in it?

"Tomorrow," Amelie's fingers were playing with his hair, "I'll be here tomorrow, I promise."

Kinarg moaned, needing her so much, he could not controll his emotions. They were alone, and he gently put his 

hands on her arms, guiding her to the wall closest to them.

He pressed her up against the wall, his hands above her head on the wall either side of her. Leaning close to her, 

he kissed her. "I'll hold you to that."

Amelie gasped as her back hit the wall and smiled as Kinarg leaned closer. Excitement shone in her eyes, 

outweighing the fear she commonly felt whilst in Wystar. Somehow the change of pace was... exhilerating. "I was 

rather counting on that," she whispered before their lips met.

When they broke apart, Kinarg licked his lips, but he still held her in his strong and powerful arms. He smiled and 

ran a finger tenderly across her cheek.

---

Solta walked behind Feta, watching him kick at the ground of the garden path like a spoilt child, purposely not 

looking at her, but instead looking at the flowers which grew densely around them, but the annoyance and anger in 

his eyes showed that he barely even saw them.

"Feta."

He turned his head away from her and folded his arms. She sighed.

"You know it's the right thing to do."

"No it's not," he turned and looked straight at her and his eyes were in anguish. "How could it be? All we will do 

is lose everything. We'll lose ourselves, our beings, we'll all go back to being just one big, non-thinking, non-

living ball of gas and power. We still have so much to offer this world, why do we suddenly have to leave?"

"What good have you done since we came here?" she didn't ask it in anger or spite, but gently, her eyes soft.

Feta had no response for her so Solta went on, walking towards him with every word she spoke.

"Feta. We have nothing to offer the world. I'm sorry, but we don't. We have power in us which this world cannot 

handle if we were to use it, we can only destroy. We are meant to be in the sky, that's where we belong, that's 

where we must return to, this world is too small for us, if we stay we will burn it. We may not mean to, but we 

will. We are ghosts because we do not belong, the crystals are of this world so they allow us to become part of it 

temporarily, but we are not supposed to be here. As ghosts, we cannot touch or feel becasue we are not supposed 

to." She put her hands on his shoulders. "We have to go back."

"No!" Feta pulled away from her and morphed, becoming a few years older. "Why!?" He morphed again. "You've never 

seen what happens! I have! I was there with Isarg that day! I was there with her when she made the Choice and 

turned to stone! As soon as she made it she left! She left and she didn't come back because she couldn't come back! 

She was gone! She was gone forever and I was left all alone with no-one! She was my best friend and the Choice took 

her away! I begged her and shook her to come back but she couldn't! She didn't and I was left all alone here with 

no-one! I had felt friendship for the first time ever and it was taken by teh Choice in a second! And if I become 

Fire again I still won't see her again because I'll be no-one! I won't be able to feel, I won't be able to know or 

remember! I'll be back with her but I'll know nothing!"
He broke off as his voice splintered with the emotion, his morphing spinning out of control as the tears spilled 

down his face, changing age from crying toddler to weeping old man. Solta gently walked forward and put her arms 

around him, he resisted and tried to pull away but she held him tight and eventually he gave in. His morphing 

easing and stabilisng until the scene seemed to freeze in place.

A woman now stood in the bright sunlight of a garden, surrounded by flowers and swaying trees as she cradled the 

head of a heart-broken twelve-year-old boy in her arms.
"Well, well, well." A voice floated towards Feta and the woman, and after a few seconds, a beautiful woman 

appeared.
"I thought I heard someone in the gardens, I am Shotra."
Cynda watched Solta and Fetta from the trimmed hedge which she was hiding in. She put the crystal ear on her own, 

and she fell out of the concealing hedge.

"Shotra?" Solta repeated. "What do you wish of us, woman? I do not know you."
Her eyes didn't mean to be hard, but frankly Feta was still crying and as much as she didn't try to care about 

anyone, she was caring about him at the moment so his misery made her stressed.
Her head turned at the sound of a clatter behind her. Her eyes narrowed, she turned back to Shotra.

"Do you have someone else in the gardens with you?" She turned and shouted towards where the clatter had sounded. 

"Come out and show yourself whether you be gardner, visitor, spy or disturber! Immediately!"

"I am here by myself, or as far as I know." Shotra moved closer to the other two. "I am Kinarg's sister."

"How?" Solta asked as Feta moved in her arms, pulling away and wiping his eyes while coughing a little.

"Um, are you sure you really want to know?" Shotra asked, her face growing red. "It is a process that perhaps you 

don't want to hear about; I'm not the best person to explain it to you... My brother might be able to explain it 

with out stammering, he had to explain it to me... poor dear"

Cynda contemplated running but she was twitching too much. The crystal ear was on her ear so she walked towards 

them while twitching. "W-what i-is t-the t-trick b-behind t-this?"

She was still twitching, and her voice was shaky because of the crystal.

"F-Feta, w-what i-is g-going o-on," she asked Feta, holding the crystal up to her ear.

Feta looked over at Cynda at the mention of his name. His eyes hardened and focused, the warm tears turning 

literally to ice as he bristled, then he sighed and rubbed his eyes. He walked through the flowers towards Cynda, 

grabbed the ear and ripped it off, his already solid hands easily detaching it in a firm grip.

"Don't I know you?" he asked her wearily, looking down at her from his short-enough, teenage height.

"I most certainly do not," Solta replied, placing her back on Feta to face the newcomer, Shotra. "Speak and tell me 

your reason for interrupting me, i do not have time for you or any of your kind."

"You cannot destroy any of the crystals." Shotra said this calmly, awaiting their reactions. She pushed a lock of 

her hair behind her ear, as she stared at the two.

"Agreed," Solta concurred.

"Oh what is this, Women United against Guys?" Feta asked irratabely, twirling around from Cynda.

Shotra sighed, "it is not a matter of gender, but a matter of life and death."

Feta frowned.

"Go on."

"There will be a powerful man born, one to a Princess and a Healer, and it - if I am reading the signs correctly, 

will be his job to destroy them."

"So what, I just hang around with a Doom counter on my head until I can rely on some stranger to destroy the things 

for me? No thanks. Kinarg's starting a war now, there'll be lots of humans running around causing destruction. 

What's to stop me simply dropping a crystal into the middle of one of the battlefields? This crystal even." He held 

up the ear.

"Your need to live," Shotra said, answering his question, before turning on her heel and striding from the garden, 

back into the castle's cool inteerior.

Feta growled and turned on his heel, setting off in the opposite direction to Shotra.

"I don't care what she says, she doesn't understand, destroying this crystal is how I keep living. Impudent human."

"Feta, listen to me for a moment."

"No, Solta! Look, you have your beliefs and I have mine, you do what you think is right and I'll do what I think is 

right, okay?"

"I would if it wasn't for the fact that stopping you is what I think is right."

Walls of water suddenly exploded around Feta, swirling and bombarding him, pummeling him to the ground.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?" he yelled from amidst its midst.

"Stopping you."

The torrent escalated, barraging Feta into complete unconsciousness, striking so suddenly and in such a devastating 

amount that he was unable to defend himself.

When Feta lay static on the ground, the storm of water relaxed, moving slower and slower until it became thick ice. 

Solta hadn't looked at her attack once through its duration, but she knew it had been effective. She now set off 

into the castle, after Shotra.

Chapter Four

Nefinin walked with Priya to the kitchens where Granny Hilda was sitting reading while she waited for bread to 

bake, the rich homey aroma of the food fitting the personality of the woman who had baked it perfectly.

"Granny Hilda," Nefinin greeted her, entering with a smile.

"Oh, you both are alright," the woman said, putting down the book and sighing with relief, "I was worried when I 

did not feel the crystal's presence."

"You can feel it?" Priya asked the old woman, surprised.

"Yes, I can indeed, my dear one."

"Why would so many people be able to sense the crystals?" Nefinin asked himself. "Why are they so joined to the 

world? What are they?"

He looked up. "Granny Hilda, Priya, if both of you can sense a crystal's presence, then we can use you both to find 

them. We can bring them here, keep them safe, until the day they can be safely destroyed."

"I thought you wanted me to remain hidden?" Priya asked, not holding back her look of confusion.

"Hidden?" Granny Hilda asked.

"Of course, yes. Hidden!" Nefinin paced around the room. "Granny Hilda, I trust you as we all do. Can you please 

help me hide Priya in the safest location possible and then accompany me in finding all the nearby crystals. It is 

of vital importance."

"Of course my dear, there are a group of women who are Sorceresses, they will be able to help us."

"Will you take us to these sorceresses now?" Nefinin asked eagerly.

"I will, but it will be a long journey," Granny Hilda said smiling, "I suppose my old bones could do with such a 

trip."

"I am extremely glad to hear it, Granny Hilda! Now, how soon can we begin this journey?"

"With in the hour, I need to notify my staff, and gather a few things, then we can be off."

"Are you sure we should do this?" Priya asked the two adults.

"Trust us, this is the best way at our disposal at the moment. We don't know what to do with the crystals, but at 

least we'll have them when we find out."

Granny Hilda gently put a comforting arm around Priya's shoulders.

"Its just... I don't want anyone to be in danger... What about the people?"

Priya moved closer to the older woman, needing to feel comfort and warm.

"I wonder where that minstrel, Cynda, disappeared to?" Nefinin wondered aloud.

"I am not sure my Lord," Granny Hilda said, stroking Priya's hair, "but let us get this little one some 

protection."

Priya snorted. "Little? huh."

"Then onwards, dear Hilda, lead us the way."

and then we will leave."

Priya, when the older woman left, clutched at her stomach, trying to hold in her laughter.

"You'll be safe soon, my love." He kissed her lightly on the lips and hugged her.

She gently stroked his cheek after she had returned his kiss, then a big smile broke out on her face. "S - sorry."

And she resumed her laughing again. She saw the questioning look in his eyes.

"What is it?" he asked, beginning to smile himself.

"Little one... Ha."

"Well you are rather small, my "little one"," he hugged her tightly, smiling happily.

"Hmm, whatever you say, handsome, at least small people have bigger brains than bbigger people." She grinned, and 

she punched his arm, lightly.

"That makes no sense whatsoever," he smiled broader and swung her down in his arms.

Giggling, she said: "Well... oh heck, never mind, see what I mean? you just can't comprehend something so simple." 

She ran from his arms.

Just then, Granny Hilda came in, carrying a few heavy bags.

"So we are ready to leave? Excellent," Nefinin clapped his hands together.

"I believe we are, all you two need are some night close."

"Uh, Granny, do you think we'll sleepwalk?" Priya asked, things seemed funny to her today.

"Of course not, child. We will need some sleep, of course."

"I'm fine," nefinin said, eager to get going, but he couldn't stop himself putting Priya first. "How do you feel?" 

he asked the Princess.

"Fine... fine... Thank you, yourself?" Priya asked, waving his concern away. She tried not to think about Mother's 

death, she needed to distract herself from her gloomy thoughts.

"Anything that keeps you safe can make me travel a thousand miles without sleep or rest, I'm fine."

"Your safety is important, and," she glared at him, "do not argue with me."

"Come, my child, all we want is to protect you."

"I know better than to do that," Nefinin answered, amused.

"See, you actually have some brains in that head of yours." Priya ran to the door, giggling.

"Thank you, why do I love you again?"

"Because I'm so wonderful and I remind you of your wonderful qualities?" she walked back to him and kissed him.

"Let's go, then, my love."

The three of them moved quickly, yet quietly through the corridors of the castle, not speaking, until they were in 

the grounds.

"Where to now, Granny Hilda?" Nefinin asked as he looked around sadly at the familiar and much-loved home, feeling 

the painful ache of having to really leave it for the first time.

"We head south." Hilda gently reached out and patted his cheek. "I know its hard..."

"Thank you both, for doing this, it means a lot." 
"It's necessary and it's duty," Nefinin said before turning to Priya. "And it's love."

"Oh, but you are such a beautiful man, should I say handsome instead? you are a handsome man with a beautiful 

soul." Priya smiled and embraced him softly.

"It is as the Princess says."

"Oh, Granny Hilda, this one's mine..."

The older woman laughed.

"Such good cheer, I love you both," he said, embracing both women simultaneously.

"Hey, I said he's mine! I don't think poligamy is allowed here, I should know..."

"Aww, you know you have my heart, my princess," Nefinin released Granny Hilda and swept both of his arms around 

Priya instead.

Priya rolled her eyes. "Suck up..."

"Long as I have you."

Priya threw her hands up in the air. "What am I going to do with you?"

"Marry me maybe," he smiled.

Her eyes filled with tears. "Nefinin... you mean..." She fell at his feet, clutching his robes, tears falling from 

her eyes.

"My heart and life belong to you," he stooped down beside her. "Why would we not?"

She threw her arms around him. "But you said that we should wait..."

Granny Hilda smiled, her heart was touched by the scene that was unfolding before her eyes. "Nefinin, I believe 

that usually when it comes to proposals, there's a ring involved."

Priya sniffled. "I just need him, that is all," she said, responding to Hilda's comment.

"I suppose I could just give you this one," Nefinin smiled, extracting his necklace from below his shirt collar and 

holding it up. On it, laced through the chain, was an exquisite diamond ring. He unlatched the necklace and slipped 

the ring gracefully into his palm, bending onto his knee as he did so.

"Priya," he began, the fountain behind him trickling a tune of approval and joy, bubbling in a brook similar to the 

warmth spilling through Nefinin's heart.

"Will you do me the most cherished of all honours and declare yourself as my one, only, truest love, and become my 

wife?"


Priya clutched his hand and a huge smile appeared on her face. "Yes," she said, and then she sobbed with happiness.

"Oh my love!" he embraced her tightly, his heart bursting with joy.

She fell into his arms, clutching him tightly. She glanced down at the ring on her left hand. "My love, isn't this 

a family airlume?" She gently wiped a tear from his cheek.

"Yes, fifteen generations of strong and beautiful-of-soul women have worn this ring. I am only allowed to pass it 

on to someone I think can continue the line," he smiled at her and kissed her.

"I will treasure it, it is so precious, as are you. I will make you proud." She shivvered in his arms when a clap 

of thunder rolled overhead..

"An omen?" Nefinin looked to the sky. "Let us exeunt this scene, Granny Hilda." He said.

Nefinin had summoned a carriage pulled by two noble steeds from his family's stables, he held out his hand to help 

Priya into the interior as Granny Hilda mounted the steps to sit in the driver's seat where she took hold of the 

reins.

"Goodbye home," Priya said quietly, it was the only place she knew as home. "I wonder if we'll ever come back..."

"Of course we will my precious darling," Nefinin comforted her. "Of course we will."

Priya smiled, she was releaved he was with her. They sat in silence for a while, and Priya smiled as she watched 

the sceenary around her. They had left the city and were now travelling through fields.

"We'll be alright," Nefinin said. "Look at the world. It is still beautiful and at peace. We are okay."

Priya smiled. "You know how to make me smile." Then she spoke again:"I wonder if they'll be able to help us..." By 

'they', she meant the sorceresses they were going to see.

"I have dedicated my life to making you smile," he said. "You are my fiance now, and you will soon be my wife, it 

is my only purpose and my greatest pleasure."

"Oh Nefinin, I live to love you." She moved closer to him, putting her arms around him. "You are my life, my world, 

my universe, my everything."

"You and me think a lot alike," he smiled, then called forward to the driver's seat outside the carriage, his voice 

carrying.

"Granny Hilda, how close are we to our destination?"

"About two more days," Granny Hilda said, "but there are horses approaching."

"Friend or foe?" Nefinin asked, resolving to not get worried for Priya's sake until there was definitely danger.

"Mesengers, I believe." The older woman glanced ahead, judging the distance between them and the mesangers. "They 

are not far, should we stop, my Lord? they seem to be moving in a hurry."
"Yes, stop if they are of our homes, let us hear what news they bring."

"Very well." The carage stopped, and the mesangers finally reached the now still carage.

"My Lord, my Lord," a man said wiping his sweaty brow, gently tugging the horses reigns, to let it know that he 

wanted it to stop, "I have just received news from the enemy." The man was a spy, and he had been given the task to 

gleam any information about the enemy.

"What news?" Nefinin asked, keeping his voice constricted to hide his panic which surfaced every time the enemy was 

mentioned.

"My Lord, my Lady, the castle is under attack."
(406)

---

Shotra paused, she was heading to the throan room, where her brother was. She had heard footsteps.

"Woman Shotra!" Solta shouted after her as she walked quickly after the woman. "I must speak to you."

"Yes?" Shotra asked, standing still in the middle of the corridor, whilst the other woman walked toward her.

"We both wish to save the crystals from destruction. We must work together against Feta and your brother, Kinarg, 

who want them destroyed. Will you aid me?"

"Hmm, I guess it is the right thing to do."

"Good. Now, first thing we must do is gather every crystal in this castle and place them in my possession in order 

that I may summon the other half-forms whom they belong to. Do you know where Kinarg keeps the crystals he has 

gathered? If any?"

"Apart from the one that Feta has, there are two others, in his secret chest of drawers."

"Very good, then we must attain them immediately. Show me the way," Solta moved closer to Shotra, her eyes intense 

and set with purpose. "Feta's holding onto the other crystal for me, I don't think he'll be leaving with it anytime 

soon."

Shotra knew Kinarg would be angry at her, but what did that matter? Smiling, she went to his room, with Solta 

following behind her. "You are sure that the cheese person won't leave?"


"I don't think he has the heart to at the moment." Solta enjoyed her own joke even if it did go over the other 

woman's head. She looked at the drawers. "Open them for me."

'And you can't yourself?' Shotra thought this privatley, but remembered they had magic on the locks.

She reached out, tapping a finger against the top of the draw.

"Feta has the crystal so I'm not exactly matter at the moment. Besides, if Kinarg has any surprises waiting around 

his treasures, he may have them partly desensitised to a family member in the case of an emergency rather than to 

one of his fellow 16 whom he has taken the crystals from."

Shotra nodded, "makes sence."

"Hand me the crystals."

Shotra handed her the crystals, one in the shape of an arm, and the other in the shape of a skull.

---

Cynda breathed again when she stopped twitching after Feta took the crystal back. She was about to say 'what was 

your first guess' to Feta's question when Feta and that other lady started arguing.

After Feta was frozen and left there, Cynda looked left and right before she leaned over him. She carefully 

chiseled the ice until she broke it. Then she carefully took the glass ear and put it in her satchel attached to 

her dress. She didn't know what was right but she wanted to make sure the people who thought they were doing the 

right thing were right.

---

"I wonder how my brother came by them..." Shotra was thinking this aloud.

Solta took the crystals from Shotra, becoming solid form as she did so. The crystals began to hover above her 

hands, the air around them making a low hissing sound before they both disappeared in a flash of white light.

"That now makes five."

---

Out in the garden, the frosted-over face of Feta was beginning to melt in the warm sunlight, but the eyelids were 

still held shut with a thin-ice and did not flutter open. Nonetheless, other parts of Feta's body began to move; 

his arm and legs made cracking sound with the breaking of ice as they twitched and began to shiver with the cold, 

his chest pushed itself up, closer to the warm heat of the solar disc in the sky far above. Feta moaned and his 

teeth chattered. With a groan of exertion, he summoned to him enough of his numbed power and blasted it around him 

in a wave of pink haze, heat trapped within its mist. Feta's eyes opened then quickly shut again as the burning 

daylight hit his pupils. He sat up, continuing to groan as his head throbbed with an ache that strengthed the 

further his mind reached into the realms of conscieceness.

Cynda saw Feta thaw and stir so she jumped up nimbly and ran.

Feta was just about feeling better. He slid his hand over his face and shook off the oncoming pneumonia, snorting 

phlem back up into his nose as it thawed. His headache gave another cascading beat. He clutched it and breathed 

deep. Damn, he needed something to eat.

---

To be continued...
