The Horns of Kern


Published by John J. Bielski at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 John J. Bielski

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords. Com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter One:



Millenniums had passed since the first human caught sight of the first troll.  Was it by chance or design?  For now, how and why it happened is hidden in the fog of history.  
With time, humans assumed they were superior to trolls.  And the trolls?   Well, the trolls just wanted to be left alone. They didn’t care who was superior, they just wanted to live quietly and in peace.  As with everything, though, change is inevitable. 

*

Common to both humans and trolls, there were those who sought power and wealth. This brought war, and more war. Humans bloodied their hands with their brothers’ blood, over and over, and trolls did the same.  Troll and human blood cried out from the ground in battle after battle, for control of the land, and one another.
The last of the wars was fought amongst the trolls themselves. One large group of trolls wanted closer ties with humans, feeling they held much in common with them.  Those opposing their plan wanted limited contact with humans. Quarreling escalated and the trolls who didn’t want change declared war upon those who sought greater understanding of the humans. The war was one of the bloodiest ever recorded in the Journals of Time, ending suddenly when one of the leaders of the movement was killed. 
Humans and trolls then continued avoiding one another after the war, but as I said before, change is inevitable, and it was born in the smallest of the kingdoms on a crisp, sunny, fall day. 

*

In the kingdom of ‘Glennmorley’ lived the beautiful Princess Norman. Yes, the princess was named Norman. Her father thought for sure his wife was going to have a boy.  He insisted that the child would be named after his father who had died the previous winter. Upon the arrival of a girl instead of a boy, the king still demanded that his daughter be named Norman. So it came to be, that the beautiful baby girl would be called Norman. 
Norman grew into a beautiful woman and she was loved by all who met her. It was said that she could charm anyone with just her smile. 
One day, Princess Norman was walking through the rose garden enjoying the scent of the roses and the warmth of the sun. Suddenly out in front of her jumped an ugly, hideous frog troll.  Norman screamed. She was so startled by the ugly creature that she fainted.  When she opened her eyes she found herself eyeball to eyeball with the troll frog. 
“You are Soooooooooo ugly!” shrieked the princess.
“You are soooo beautiful, my Princess.” cooed the little creature. “I am so sorry that I startled you.  I was walking through the garden gathering nectar for my mother so she could make some worm cookies. I wasn't paying any attention to where I was walking. Please forgive me. I have to go now as I am sure my mother is wondering where I am.” Without further words, he hopped into the rose brambles, disappearing from Norman's view. 
With a confused look on her face, Norman lifted herself from the garden path and brushed herself off. What a curious little creature he was, she thought. Norman ran back to the castle's main hall where her father was having his afternoon tea. 
“Father, Father! The most extraordinary thing just happened to me in the rose garden.”
The King looked up and smiled broadly, waving a hand for his excited daughter to sit down and join him for tea. “Now, my child, what adventure has befallen you?” he queried, as he noticed some grass stuck in his daughter's hair. 
“Father, Father, there is the most hideous little creature out in the garden. I was walking along enjoying the day when this ugly little frog-troll appeared in front of me.”
“Did he hurt you in any way, Norman? One lump or two?” 
“Two, please. Oh no, he didn't hurt me in any way.”  Norman accepted the cup of tea from her father. “No.” She stopped and put her hand up to her hair where her father was pointing, and she felt the piece of grass and pulled it out of her golden hair.  “I was going to tell you that he was so ugly that he made me faint. When I awoke, he was staring at me.” 
“Shall I send a guard down there to get rid of him?” The king asked.
“No, Father.  He is no longer there. He had to go home to give his mother the rose nectar he was collecting. Funny, I do not think that he would have harmed me and he could have if he had wanted to.” 
The King frowned slightly. “You be careful, my daughter.”
The next day turned out to be even more spectacular than the previous day and once again Norman found herself walking through the rose garden. As she rounded a bend in the path, there on a bench with a small basket alongside him, sat the ugly little frog-troll. This time she wasn't as startled and walked over to him. 
The little creature smiled a huge, toothless smile as the princess approached. He jumped down from the bench and bowed deeply. “I hoped that you would have a walk today,” he croaked excitedly.
 Norman smiled. “You are sooo ugly on the outside, but you are so nice on the inside.” She giggled and walked closer to the little creature. 
With those words, the troll waxed a darker shade of green, turned to the bench, reached up, and drew the basket that was sitting next to him. Just as quickly, he thrust the tiny basket towards Norman. “This is for y-y-you….you.” He stuttered. 
Bending over to accept the small gift, Norman remembered the circumstances of yesterday’s meeting and why the ugly little creature had been in the garden. “These are not your mother's worm cookies, are they?” 
The troll at first looked confused, and then laughed at the look on the princess’ face. “No, my mother makes the cookies to sell to the other trolls. She is the best worm cookie baker in this kingdom.”
Norman sat down on the bench and gently lifted the small napkin that concealed the basket’s contents. A look of wonderment appeared on her face. Ever so carefully, she picked up the tiny object inside, awed by its artistry. In her hand she held a tiny glass sphere etched with delicate roses. Norman was beside herself and looked incredulously at the little creature. “Did you make this.........for me? Oh my! I just realized that I don’t even know your name. I surely can not accept a gift from a total stranger.” She smiled at the frog-troll. 
The little creature spoke softly and appeared embarrassed by the question. “My name is G-g-er-r-trude,” he stammered.
Norman smiled, picked up Gertrude's hand and shook it vigorously. “So happy to meet you, Gertrude!  My name is Norman.” 
Gertrude frowned at first, thinking that she was making fun of him, but realized that Norman was really telling the truth.
The two started laughing so hard that tears of joy ran down their faces.
Norman was the first to regain her composure. She had almost accidentally dropped the beautiful sphere. She gently placed it in her apron pocket and told Gertrude thank you. 
Gertrude hesitated at first, but saw something in the princess’ eyes that made him feel more comfortable. “My grandmother thought my mother was going to have a girl because of the way she was carrying me in her womb and by the cravings that she was having. When my mother went into labor, my grandmother came rushing over to our house to help in my birth. Unfortunately, she met with an accident. She apparently tripped and fell and hit her head quite hard. She managed to walk to our house, but collapsed on the floor and died.” Gertrude became silent.
 “How horrible! Then your mother named you after your grandmother out of grief?” Norman’s eyes were filled with tears.
“No, my grandmother’s name was Florah, but that was my great grandmother’s name.  When they went to pick her up, they found a small shirt in her hand with the name ‘Gertrude’ embroidered on the front of it. My mother was so over-wrought with grief that she vowed that she would honor her mother’s last wish, so even though my father protested vehemently, my mother gave me my name when I was born the next day. It was hard growing up having a female’s name, but it made me strong, and I learned how you should never judge someone because they are different from you.”
Gertrude looked up at the sky and said that he had to hurry home to help his mother. He turned and hopped once again into the rose thicket and disappeared.
Norman cried out after him, “Will I see you tomorrow?” There was no answer, only the soft sound of Gertrude's webbed feet hitting the dirt as he jumped away. Holding onto the prize in her pocket, she ran back to the castle, eager to share her day with someone. Sitting on the stairs leading to the main door was her mother, reading a book. “Mother, Mother...!  He was there again. The frog-troll…  His name is Gertrude,” she said breathlessly. 
The queen looked up and smiled at her daughter, then frowned. “You must be careful, Norman!  Some trolls are dangerous!” The queen then sighed and motioned for Norman to sit down beside her.
“Mother, I have no fear of this troll.” She put her hand in her pocket and pulled out Gertrude's present to her. She handed it over to her mother and Norman could tell immediately that her mother was very impressed with the delicate sphere she held in her hand.
“The troll gave this to you?” The queen asked.  
“Yes! He made it himself. Isn't it beautiful?”
“It is beyond beautiful, my daughter. Your gift is a true work of art. Your father told me about your encounter with this troll. He surely is different from other trolls. I have heard some very bad things about them.” Her mother handed back the tiny treasure to her daughter. Frowning, she added; “This troll creature isn't trying to get something from you, is he?” 
“Mother, what would a troll want from me? Surely you don't think he is after more than I have... It just doesn't seem possible. He seems far too kind.” 
“Just be careful, my daughter.”  The queen stood up. Bending over to get her book, she turned and walked up the stairs through the main doorway. Just as quickly as she left, she popped her head out of the shadow and proposed, “See if your new acquaintance would care to meet me.” With that said, she once again disappeared through the doorway. 
Norman stared at where her mother had just been and shook her head in disbelief. Didn't her mother trust her judgment? Then she got a wonderful idea.

*

The next day she set off for the garden with a small package in her hands, wrapped in fine linen and tied with ribbon. Norman made her way to the bench where she had met Gertrude the previous day. She sat there for a long time, watching bees fly from flower to flower, fanciful butterflies gliding lazily over the same blooms, bluebirds diving for an insect dinner. Twice, she thought her friend was coming when the leaves rustled in the brambles, but the first was a ragged old rabbit and the next was a grey squirrel planting a treasure in the garden. Norman grew impatient and tired. She stood and walked back up to the castle. Once there, she entered into the great room where she found both of her parents. 
“My dear daughter, why do you look so forlorn?  It is such a beautiful day.  Surely on a day like today nothing bad could happen,”commented her father. He stood up and embraced his daughter, kissing her delicately on the cheek. “Come join your mother and me for afternoon tea. We have some of your favorite cakes to make you smile, too. Is this a ‘one lump’ or ‘two lump’ day?”
Norman slid into one of the overstuffed chairs. “This is definitely a ‘two lump’ day, Father.” she mumbled. 
“Dear, what do you have in the package? Is it another gift from your friend?” Her mother wondered.
Norman had forgotten about the package she was holding and set it down on the small table beside her chair. Sighing, she accepted the cup of tea from her father and gazed into the steam swirling up from the cup. “The package is a gift from me to the frog-troll. I was going to give it to him today, but he never showed up.” She sipped her tea and reached for one of the cakes. 
The queen handed her a cake on a small silver dish along with a napkin. “Did your friend say that he would meet you today in the garden?” She queried.
Norman took another sip of tea to wash down the mouthful of cake. “No, but I assumed he would be. Maybe he will be there tomorrow.” Norman took another bite of cake and sat thoughtfully for a few moments. 
“What is the gift that you are giving to your new friend, my dear?” Her father wanted to know.  
“I don't believe he is my friend yet. He is an acquaintance. I simply thought that since he gave me such a beautiful gift that I would return the kind gesture. I am giving him a fine velvet cape that I stitched up myself with a matching cap. I was fortunate to find a hawk’s feather to adorn the cap, and I used an old brooch I no longer needed to fasten the cape.” Norman looked at both of her parents, expecting them to say something against her giving such a gift to a stranger. Her parents both smiled and nodded. 
“My dear daughter, all your mother and I ask of you is to be careful...please.” The king took another cake and a sip of his tea. 
“I promise, I will be careful.” Norman said with a little exasperation in her voice. 

*

The next day brought heavy rains and all Norman could do was sit at her bedroom window and try to wish the rain away. The day following brought even more rain and she found herself down in the kitchen helping the castle's cook, Harriet, bake some more cakes to help pass the time. When she awoke the next day, a ray of sunshine was poking through a crack in the heavy draperies. Norman jumped out of bed and dressed as quickly as she could and ran downstairs. Under her arm was the small package for Gertrude. Just as she was about to go out the door, she heard her father's voice behind her. 
“My dear, I need to talk to you before you head down to the garden to see your new fr...new acquaintance. Please come into the hall with me so we can chat. I have some important news for you.”
Norman turned to face her father, sighed and followed him into the hall. He motioned her to sit in a chair by the fire that had been lit to take some of the rain's dampness out of the castle. “What is it you wish to tell me, Father?” Norman said letting her mind travel to the garden instead of listening to her father. 
“Norman...Norman!  Have you heard one word that I have spoken to you?” Her father said in an exasperated tone.
The princess awoke from her daydream. “I am so sorry, Father...really...  Please, what were you saying?” 
“I do not like talking to myself!” the king huffed. “This is serious! Next month you will be coming of age and it is time for you to marry. Your mother and I have made arrangements for a huge ball so you can meet the three prospective suitors we have chosen for you. The men come from neighboring kingdoms and good families.” 
Norman's jaw dropped down to her kneecaps. She jumped up and said with as much disdain as she could possibly muster in her voice, “I will not marry someone who is chosen for me!” Norman found herself crying. “Oh, how could you and Mother do this to me?” She ran out of the hall and through the front doors. Blindly, she somehow found her way to the garden. Still teary-eyed, she caught sight of Gertrude, who was collecting nectar from the flowers. 
Gertrude turned quickly to see who was approaching. His big, buggy eyes opened wide, his body rigid, ready to react at a moment’s notice. When he saw that it was Norman who was running into the garden, a big grin crossed his face. Noticing that she had been crying, he frowned and hopped over to where the princess had stopped on the stony path. “Why are you crying, Norman?”  Gertrude's face was screwed up in an over-exaggerated way, trying to show concern for Norman's sadness. 
“Oh my mother and father have arranged a ball for my upcoming birthday.” sniffled Norman.  
“That does not sound so bad to me. I like birthday parties! As a matter of fact, I like any kind of party! There is always a lot of music, not to mention all of the delicious foods and drink! I especially love the birthday cake. Last year my mother made me a huge cake that was taller than me. She went all out and decorated it with different colored slug eggs that were coated in crystallized rose nectar. She made me feel even more special when she spent hours trying to spell ‘Happy Birthday, Gertrude’ with live blood worms.” Gertrude's face darkened. Then with a small chuckle, he added, “Those darn worms had a mind of their own and kept squirming off of the top of the cake. My mother got so angry and frustrated that she pulled all of the worms off the cake, ate them, and spelled ‘Happy Birthday, Gertrude’ with chocolate-covered boo-beetles. Everyone enjoyed the cake very much, especially my Uncle Roofus....” Gertrude laughed out loud. “He ate ten pieces of cake.” 
At this point Norman had forgotten all about her troubles and was smiling at Gertrude's story. “What exactly are boo-bugs?” Norman asked with a quizzical look on her face.
Mischief danced in Gertrude's eyes, and a huge, toothless smile ran across his now comical features. “Boo-bugs are special bugs. When you go to blow out your candles, they jump up at your face and go...Boo!” With that, Gertrude jumped up as high as he could with his arms stretched over his head and startled Norman so much that she fell backwards onto the bench she had been standing in front of. Gertrude was rolling around on the ground laughing so hard that tears rolled down his face. He stopped for a second to look at Norman who was still in shock.  In a blink of an eye, Norman also was laughing. They both laughed ‘til their sides ached, struggling to catch their breath. 
Norman pretended to scold Gertrude for scaring her, however all that succeeded in doing was bringing on another fit of laughter for both of them, exhausting the two. Gertrude jumped up on the bench next to Norman and sat down very un-froglike with his short legs, and webbed feet splayed in front of him. 
“Do you feel better now, my friend?” Gertrude asked, looking up at the princess’ beautiful face.
With an affirmative nod, Norman put a hand on each side of Gertrude's green face and planted a soft kiss on his forehead. “Thank you for making me feel better. And yes, you are my friend, too.” 
“Why did you do that, Norman?" Gertrude was a darker green than usual, with a questioning look on his face. 
“Because I like you, and I feel comfortable around you. You are my friend." Norman smiled down at the small, plump creature next to her and saw something that wasn't ugly about Gertrude. “Oh my!” Norman exclaimed. She started looking all around and found what she was looking for under the bench. She picked up the small package and handed it to Gertrude. 
“What is this? It is not my birthday. Is it for me?” Gertrude stood up on the bench and bowed, holding the package as if he had just received one of the most valuable gifts in the world. His little hands trembled as he untied the ribbon securing the contents. Delicately, he unfolded the beautiful fabric hiding the gift. His eyes widened and welled up with tears. “It is such a magnificent gift!  It...it .it is wonderful!” He unfolded the cape and threw it around his shoulders. Holding the cloak closed with one hand, he examined the diamond-encrusted brooch and deftly pinned both sides together. Then, when he found the hat, he excitedly put it on his head. Gertrude beamed as he asked, “Do I look like a Grand Troll now?” 
“Indeed you do, my friend.” Norman replied, smiling broadly.
Gertrude hopped in front of Norman and, putting his hand on his new hat, lifted it off of his head and held it to his heart and bowed deeply. Looking up into Norman's face, he reached up and took Norman’s hands in his. “I want to thank you for the two beautiful gifts you have given me today.”
Norman looked puzzled. “But I only gave you one gift, Gertrude.” 
“You are wrong, Norman, for you have given me a gift beyond measure.....your friendship.” 
Norman blushed. “Thank you, I never quite looked at it that way before. You are a wise frog-troll and someday I see you as a leader of many. Oh, Gertrude, I have a request. I almost forgot. My mother, the queen, has asked to meet you.  She wants to make sure that I am safe.” 
Gertrude smiled up at his new friend. “I would feel more comfortable here in the garden. Do you think your mother would come here to meet me, instead of me coming to the castle?” 
“She is the one who has requested to meet you. She will come when you would like her to.” Norman could see that Gertrude was nervous about such a meeting. “Would tomorrow night, when the evening primroses bloom, be a good time for you?” 
Gertrude smiled a nervous smile and nodded ‘yes’. 
“You will be fine, my friend, for my mother swore off eating frog-trolls ages ago.” Norman winked at Gertrude. “I should be going. I think I will have to start deciding what to wear to this ball my parents have planned for me. ‘Til tomorrow…” Norman turned and started walking up the path, looking back to wave goodbye. 
Gertrude smiled, waved his hat, turned and hopped down the path in the opposite direction.

*

Norman reached the castle to find both of her parents waiting for her. Before her parents could utter one word, Norman apologized. “I am sorry I ran off like that. Please forgive me. My only excuse is that I was acting childishly.” She gave both of her parents a hug and, looking at her mother, she told her that Gertrude said he would meet her in the garden tomorrow night when the primroses were in bloom. With a devilish look in her eye, she teased, “Oh, and Mother, I told Gertrude that you gave up eating frog-trolls long ago.” 
“Norman...you didn't!”
Norman laughed, turned, and ran through the doorway and flew up the stairs to her room. 
The queen and king looked at each other and sighed at the same time. The king looked at his wife and asked, “And what do frog-trolls taste like?  And don't tell me like chicken.” They both laughed.

*

At supper that evening, Norman told her parents about her day and how much Gertrude liked his gift. “I do apologize for the way I acted earlier. This whole thing about marriage has me a little nervous.  Besides, I do not know any of the three princes. What if I do not like any of them?!” 
“My dear,” her mother sighed, “We have known these royal families a long time. The three young men that you will choose from are all extraordinary. I might add that the three young men are very handsome.” 

Norman wrinkled up her nose and scowled. “I hope that these handsome princes have minds to go with their looks!”

Chapter Two

Norman didn't sleep well at all that night. She kept seeing Gertrude being devoured by her mother. Once she even thought that maybe this whole meeting was planned by Gertrude so the trolls could kidnap both of them. ‘How absurd!’ she thought. Gertrude was not the one who requested the meeting. Soon morning came, announcing a beautiful day. Norman stumbled out of bed, dressed and wandered the castle. She was very anxious about the impending meeting. 
Norman was not the only one who had slumbered badly. Gertrude’s sleep fled as he had terrible nightmares of the queen swallowing him whole. In the morning, his mother found Gertrude sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a hot mug of blog. He jumped when she waddled into the room. Her small figure was draped in a calico-like dress, with a shawl pulled tight around her slouched shoulders. She was a small figure, a good head shorter than Norman. Her bulging blue eyes seemed to hold so much wisdom. “Mother, you startled me!” Looking at her, his face contorted in a pretend scowl. 
“What are you doing out of bed, my son? Are you up early to help this old troll build a fire in her oven?” She smiled at her son, thinking of how much he looked like his father. Her eyes started to water. “Oh!  When you start the fire, do you think you could bring up a couple of bags of cattail flour for me? My back is telling me that it doesn't feel very well today.” 
Gertrude smiled at his mother. He would do anything she asked. He had a lot of respect and love for her. He jumped up from the small stool, went over to the woodpile and then threw a couple pieces of wood into the old clay oven, also gathering some dried grasses from a large basket, stuffing it under the wood, setting it alight. Soon the warmth of the oven was driving the dampness out of the room. He fetched both bags of cattail flour and placed them next to his mother's workspace. 
“Please join me for breakfast, my son. I have some hazelnut-raspberry slug tarts that I saved from my work yesterday. You look like you need some nourishment, and I know how much you enjoy them.”  She looked at him and smiled one of those irresistible ‘mother’ smiles. 
Gertrude poured himself and his mother a mug of blog and sat down at the opposite end of the table. They both sat quietly, eating the tarts and sipping the hot, milky-green blog. Gertrude's mother was the first to break the silence. 
“My son, are you still planning on going through with this meeting you have scheduled for this late afternoon?” She looked up from her meal and glanced over towards Gertrude. “You know how I feel about humans. I believe that none of them can be trusted – not even your friend.  I am sure no good will come from this.”
Gertrude looked at his mother thoughtfully. There was a lot of truth in what she said. It had been a human who had killed his father, twenty-eight years ago. He was an infant when it had happened. His mother was left to provide for him. He didn't hate the humans and he didn't think his mother did either, but there was a lot of doubt whether they could be trusted or not. One thing Gertrude was sure of was that his friend Norman could be trusted. “Mother, I have my doubts about humans, but not Norman. She seems very different from all the other humans that I have had the misfortune to meet. She is kind.  After all, she gave me such fine gifts.” 
His mother looked at him with pride swelling in her heart. She could not argue the fact that it was very unusual, in fact, unheard of for a human to give a troll the gift of friendship. She had always taught her son to trust in himself. “You have a good heart, my son.  If you must follow your heart today, follow it with caution.” She got up from the table and busied herself with her work. 

*

Gertrude spent the rest of the day in his small shop creating a gift for Norman's mother. It was almost time to leave as Gertrude finished the gift. He donned his cape and hat. With the package in hand and a kiss for his mother, Gertrude was on his way. He hopped up the path towards the garden, thinking that maybe he had eaten butterflies, because they sure were fluttering around in his stomach. 
Meanwhile, Norman and her mother were making their way to the garden. The king had wanted to send a unit of guards with them. Norman had to plead with him not to order it.  Only after the queen said that they would go alone was it that he agreed. They rounded the turn in the path and there stood Gertrude, looking very nervous and scared. His cape and hat made him look so grand, she thought. Norman smiled his way and waved. Soon the trio stood in front of each other. 
Gertrude bowed deeply and reached up to take the queen’s hand. Norman introduced her mother to Gertrude. He gave the woman’s hand a delicate kiss. “I am honored to meet the mother of my friend. Now I know where the princess gets her beautiful looks.” 
The queen seemed shocked.  She had just let an ugly troll frog kiss her hand! “It ...it is a pleasure to meet you, Sir Gertrude. You flatter me.”
Gertrude was so nervous that he started to giggle.
The queen didn't know what he was laughing about and neither did Norman. “What is so funny, Sir?” queried the queen, looking around suspiciously. 
“You called me  ‘Sir Gertrude’.   I have never heard such respect for a troll from a human.  To me, that is funny.”
Norman looked over towards her mother. Her mother had a blank look on her face and soon Norman was laughing right along with Gertrude. Then the queen began to laugh, too. She saw the irony in her words. “Oh! I am quite sorry if I offended you.” The queen offered, apologetically. 
“I was not offended, your Highness.” Gertrude said, smiling one of his wide grins.  Gertrude excused himself and went over to the bench and picked up the package he had brought.  He hopped back over in front of Norman and the queen. "This is for you, your Highness." Norman handed the queen the beautifully wrapped gift. 
The Queen had a slightly surprised look on her face as she accepted the gift from the small frog-troll. “Thank you, Sir Gertrude. You are very generous.” She smiled, and sat down on the bench to open the package. Carefully, the queen took off the brightly colored bow and the wrapping paper that appeared to be handmade. She opened the box. Lifting the dried grass and flowers, the queen was awe-struck. Slowly she lifted the gift from the box to reveal a crown made of fine, filigreed gold, decorated with butterflies inlaid with iridescent shell, hovering above finely enameled pink roses. The queen was truly shocked by the gift.  Finally, she looked at the frog-troll. “Sir Gertrude, please do not take offense with the question I am about to ask, but I must ask it.  You crafted this treasure with your own hands?” 
Gertrude was definitely blushing. His answer was swift and true. “No, your Highness.  I had to use tools to make the crown. First I used a little rock hammer to find the gold. I then had to melt the gold and use an old press to make the gold into workable sheets for the filigree...” Gertrude went on for quite awhile until he noticed that both of the ladies where wearing huge grins and trying very hard to hold back from laughing. “What is so funny? Did I say something funny?” Gertrude said with a little annoyance in his voice. 
“No, you did not say anything funny.” Norman said. “What my mother meant was that you have a wonderful gift to make the tools do what you want in your hands.”
“Oh...” Gertrude said rather sheepishly. “My mother always tells me that I do not listen well and can talk the ear off of a donkey.” He chuckled and shook his head. A broad smile crossed his face. Looking up at the queen, he inquired, “Do you like the gift, your Highness?” 
“Sir Gertrude, this crown is beautiful beyond words, and I would be most honored if you would put it upon my head.” The queen handed the delicate crown down to Gertrude. She stood up and, picking up the hem of her dress, stooped down low enough to enable him to set the crown of gold in place. 
Gertrude nervously looked toward Norman, as if he needed her approval. He saw the smile on her face as she gave him a nod. Gently, he placed his gift on the queen's head.
The queen stood up and curtsied. “Thank you for your most generous gift, Sir Gertrude.”
“It looks beautiful on you.”  Norman went over and hugged her mother.
The queen then sat back down on the bench. “Please sit down beside me, both of you. Sir Gertrude, if you would please sit here and, Norman, you can sit next to him.” 
Gertrude found himself sitting in between both of the ladies. At first he felt nervous, but that soon disappeared as they started to talk and laugh together. The odd trio spent an hour or so talking about everything from worm muffins to the upcoming ball. Dusk started to fall and it was time to part. Once again, the queen thanked Gertrude for the fine gift. Both ladies curtsied and Gertrude made an over-exaggerated bow. They all laughed and made their way home. 
Gertrude had only rounded the next tree when he heard rustling in the spirea bush just to his right. Quickly, he hid behind a nearby statue. Only after he saw who it was,did he come out of hiding. “What are you two doing?  Spying on me?” 
“What are you two doing? Spying on me?” The shortest and fattest one repeated, trying hard to imitate Gertrude’s voice. The other frog-troll just fell to the ground in a fit of laughter.  They were Meade and Zeon, Gertrude's idiot, trouble-making cousins. 
“I see that they finally let you two out of your cage!” Gertrude retorted. He wished he could ignore them, but he knew that they were both like a bad cold - hard to get rid of. 
“Why are you giving gifts to humans?”  Zeon gruffly responded. “Humans hate trolls of all kinds and trolls hate humans of all kinds.  That is a fact. I bet your mother doesn't know that you are visiting humans and giving them gifts.”
Gertrude had been hopping down the hillside as quickly as he could, trying to rid himself of his unwelcome company. He stopped dead in his tracks, turned quickly and jumped right in front of Meade and Zeon. Gertrude grabbed a tight hold on both of his cousins and picked them up in the air. In a very angry tone, Gertrude threatened, “You both had better leave me alone. I don't want to, but if I have to, I will thrash the living daylights out of you both! You know that I can. 
Meade and Zeon's buggy eyes bulged as if they would burst. They had pushed the wrong button with their cousin. “Let us go!” squealed Meade.
Gertrude dropped both of them with a disgusted grunt, his no-good cousins hitting the ground with a hard thud. They picked themselves up as quickly as they could and got tangled with each other in their attempt to get away from Gertrude. Hopping a short distance from Gertrude, turning, they howled, “You're a human-lover, and we're going to tell the Grand Troll! You're going to be in a lot of trouble!”  Meade and Zeon sneered, nodding in agreement. 
Gertrude lunged at his two tormentors with all his might, Zeon falling backwards, starting to roll down the hill. Meade made a mad dash through the edge of the rose garden, sending rose petals flying through the air. They were gone. 
Gertrude was angry. He was angry with himself for losing his temper. He kicked at a small rock....’Ouch!’ Gertrude mumbled something under his breath and limped part of the way home. Soon he was at the river's edge. A candle was burning in the window of his home, smoke lazily rising from the chimney. ‘Mother must still be baking,’ he thought. His stomach growled and a hot supper sounded very good. He opened the door to the tiny hovel. Just as he hoped, a hot dinner was waiting for him on the table.  His mother was standing in front of the oven, putting more cookies into bake. She turned with a start as Gertrude entered. 
“Well, my goodness, it's about time you showed up. Your supper is almost cold. I was starting to get worried.” The concern in her voice faded quickly. “Wash up and sit down.  I want you to tell me everything that happened today.” She smiled, turned and poured two large mugs of steaming, hot blog, while watching as Gertrude washed his hands and face. Walking over to the table, she placed Gertrude’s drink by his dinner and sat her pudgy little self down at the opposite side of the table. “So, what happened up in the garden? I want to know every word. Is the queen as nice as the daughter?” 
Gertrude turned around from the washbasin with a smile on his face. He could tell that his food was going to be quite cold before he could eat it. He sat down and started to tell his mother all the details of his meeting with the queen and Norman. His mother hung on every word, sitting silently, holding her cup of blog with both hands, elbows resting on the table. Her face skewed with different expressions as he told her the whole story. 
“Then the Queen knelt down and she had me place the crown on her head.” Gertrude said.
“Phlttt, ka-kuff, ka-kuff. She did what?!!! You did what?!!!” Blog spewed out of his mothers mouth, splattering Gertrude. 
Startled, Gertrude quickly stood up.  “Surely, Mother, I am too old for you to be washing my face with spit!” Gertrude waved his arms in false horror.  The room filled with laughter and Gertrude and his mother found themselves holding their sides as they were sure they were going to split at any moment. Gertrude went over to help his mother up from the floor. He continued to tell her of the day’s happenings, including the trouble with his cousins.
 “Those two conniving scalawags are always trying to get people into trouble!  If they were my sons, they would have very sore heads.  With my luck, though, I would break my rolling pin on their hard skulls.” Winifred cleaned up the spilled blog as she talked, then walked over to pour another cup. Suddenly, smoke started coming from the oven. “Oh, my goodness!” She ran over to the stove and yanked the oven door open. “My cookies!” she moaned, as she grabbed the tray from the smoke-filled chamber. “Please Gertrude, hurry, open the door to let some fresh air in.” 
Gertrude threw open the door and jumped back in surprise. There stood Toggart, the Grand Troll.
Toggart looked disdainfully at Gertrude. Then, through the smoke, he saw the small figure of Winifred.  “May I come in?” He snidely asked, a malicious scowl crossing his face. 
Before Gertrude could answer, his mother was at the door with a large broom held high over her head.  “How dare you come to my house! You have no right to come here at this hour of the night. If you dare set one foot of your unwelcome body through my door ....!” 
She didn't finish the sentence. Gertrude turned to his mother. “He will only return tomorrow, Mother, and it would be terrible to ruin another day, since this one is already ruined.”
Winifred slowly lowered her weapon. She despised Toggart with all of her heart. He had been at her husband’s side when the human soldier had killed him. His story of that night was one of bravery on his part. Winifred knew better.  ‘Once a bragging coward, always a bragging coward.’   To think that she had almost married the scum! She shuddered at the thought. “Don't for one minute think you are going to sit at my table. I will not allow it!” Winifred turned and busied herself cleaning up the burnt mess. 
Gertrude hadn't seen his mother this angry in quite a while, but it was surely understandable. His mother had told him that Toggart had come courting during the mourning period for his father. He would bring her bee honey and buy special flour. She would refuse it all. Toggart was next in line to become Grand Troll after Gertrude’s father. He wasted no time claiming his title. He did so the very night of Gertrude’s father's death. “Here, take this chair.” Gertrude offered. 
Toggart sat down with a sly look crossing his face and the words out of his ugly mouth were laced with venom. “I see that nothing has changed, Winifred. Your son is growing up just like his father. Your son is stirring up trouble with the humans again.  The same thing that happened to your beloved husband, Sebastian, my dear friend...” 
“You were no friend of my father, and you are definitely not a friend of ours!  So say what you have to say and go!” Gertrude could feel his blood starting to boil.
“Very well, then, you give me no choice in the matter. Tomorrow I will take it up with the committee of troll delegates your visiting and giving gifts to the humans. We shall see to it that your visits stop altogether. We will not tolerate a human-lover in our midst!” 
Before Gertrude could react, his mother, who had been quiet up until this moment, threw herself at Toggart, her broom swinging. “How dare you come into my house and threaten my son!” Her rage caught Toggart off guard as he took a hard blow to his head, quickly followed by one to his face, making his nose bleed. 
Toggart howled in pain as Winifred delivered another blow to his left shoulder. “You'll be sorry for this, Winifred! You and your human-loving son shall pay dearly...dearly!” 
He ran out of the door, just as Winifred landed another blow. She hollered, “And don't come back!” She watched him disappear into the darkness, then turning, saw Gertrude smiling at her. “What?”
“Now I remember how you got me to behave. I was scared to death of you! You swing one mean broom, Mother.” Gertrude eyed Winifred, mischievously. 
“And don't you forget it, either!” Lifting the broom she feigned a blow towards Gertrude. The anger faded quickly and both of them found themselves laughing, with tears running down their faces. “That old blow-hard!  He makes the hair on my head stand on end!” Winifred huffed. 
Gertrude couldn't agree more.  “How much trouble do you think he will cause us, Mother?”
“As much as he possibly can…” Winifred muttered. “He is sure to call a meeting of the committee tomorrow, but I will be ready for him. I am a senior member and not too many of the other members side with him on any issue that comes up. Gertrude, please go out and bring me in some firewood for tomorrow morning. I'll have to get up early and bake another batch of cookies to make up for the ones I burnt.” 
Gertrude didn't move. He was deep in thought. “I’m sorry that my friendship with Norman is causing trouble, Mother.”
“A friend is a valuable thing to have, my son. Good always comes out of friendship. We all have a tendency to take the things that we cannot hold in our hands for granted. No, Gertrude, never be sorry about making new friends. Sorrow should only follow the loss of a friend.”   Gertrude nodded in agreement with his mother and headed to the door to go fetch the wood she requested. 
Gertrude disliked his cousins even more after this. Something bothered him about his cousins spying on him.  Why would they follow him to the rose garden at the castle when he went there often to harvest the nectar for his mother? It was time to sleep. His mother was already in bed. He could hear her snoring. He blew out the candles and bolted the front door and headed for his room. The bed felt good as he crawled beneath the covers. 

Chapter Three

A pounding on the door before dawn woke Gertrude and Winifred. It was Winifred who opened the door, broomstick held high, ready to strike. She opened it cautiously. It was only after she saw who it was that she lowered the broom. It was her neighbor and best friend, Derry. “What is wrong, Derry?” 
Derry looked pale in the moonlight streaming through the door and she was shaking. “I was on my way up to the emergency meeting Toggart has ordered. Your nephews came to my door a half hour ago to rudely awaken me. I was on my way when I had noticed your house dark. Didn't Meade and Zeon awaken you for the meeting?”
Winifred scowled, “Those no good nephews of mine are going to get a good talking to!” She clenched her fists. Gertrude, eyes still full of sleep, came from his room to see what the commotion was all about. “Get dressed quickly, Son.  We have business to attend to.” Gertrude quickly dressed and rushed from his room a minute later. A moment after that, Winifred came out of her room all dressed and carrying a tattered copy of Council rules and all of the troll laws. Out the door the three went, headed to the glen where all of the council meetings were held. 
In the distance they could make out the glow of torches. It appeared that they were the last of the members to arrive. Winifred saw Toggart talking to a couple of his cronies that had seats on the council. She wished that she had brought her broomstick.  Winifred and Derry made their way to their assigned seats. Everyone was talking and whispering. No one seemed to know what the meeting was called for. 
Toggart finally turned around and the two delegates, Nox and Borggst, he was talking to went to their seats. Making his way up to the podium, Toggart looked all around. He seemed quite pleased with himself until his eyes landed on Winifred. Winifred made it a point to wave and smile in his direction. Toggart stepped up to the podium and, clearing his throat, began speaking. 
“My fellow council members…” He halted in mid-sentence when he noticed Gertrude leering at him. He averted his glance and continued. “I have called you together for this emergency session to inform you of a serious matter that came to my attention late yesterday eve. It seems that we have a human-lover in our midst!” There was some grumbling from the committee members and one stood up. Toggart recognized him. 
Gillion, the oldest member of the council fussed. “Toggart, you woke all of us up to tell us that? Why is this so important? We do business with the humans every day. There is not one amongst us that do not do dealings with the humans, and that includes you.” 
Toggart waved his hand to have Gillion sit down. “It is true that we deal with the humans. It is a must. What we don't need is trouble from the humans. It has come to my attention that one of our own council member’s sons has been seeing the princess of the kingdom.” Toggart paused and was ready to speak when Winifred stood up. “Please sit down councilwoman. I have not finished.” 
Winifred did not sit down. She opened up the book she was holding. In a defiant voice, she related, “Rule number twenty five, paragraph B: All council members must be recognized by the Grand Troll and be allowed to speak. Rule seventy three......” Winifred quickly flipped the pages to the rule she wanted. “Senior members shall have the privilege of podium when requested. Fellow delegates, and Grand Troll, I request the podium.” The other members applauded, except Toggart.  He looked around and all eyes were upon him. Trying to control the anger rising from within, he turned towards Winifred. “Winifred I recognize you, and you have the podium.” A feigned smile crossed his face as he gestured for her to come his way. 
Winifred made her way up to the podium, with the other members applauding once again. The old frog-troll knew what power she had and she used it wisely. Now was the time to use that power to her advantage. She smiled as she passed Toggart, making sure that it was only his eyes that saw her stick her tongue out at him. 
Rising to the podium, she smiled and nodded towards the others. “Fellow council members,” she paused while the glen filled with noisy clapping. “Fellow council members, it is true that my son has made a friend of the Princess Norman.  He has broken no law. Yes, he has given the princess a gift. He has also given a gift to Queen Emmaline.” Winifred paused for a moment, and then continued. “Grand Troll Toggart, I am sure, had nothing but good intentions about calling this meeting at this hour...” Winifred turned to give Toggart a sticky-sweet smile. She knew from looking at him that his temper was about to explode. She continued. “However, I do not see any emergency, do you?” She opened wide her arms, taking in the whole council. There were murmurs and then applause. 
Toggart exploded from his seat, yelling “I have had enough of this!" He ran up to the podium and practically knocked Winifred down to the ground. "
“This is an emergency! I will not stand by and let this demented woman make a mockery of this council!” There was an awed hush from the members. 
Winifred stood by Toggart, shaking her head. She once again opened up the rule book; “Fellow council members…” Toggart glared at Winifred. She could feel his cold aloofness and his raging anger. “I do agree with Grand Troll Toggart that there is an emergency.” Winifred looked over the seated council members. They all seemed shocked by what she had just said. Her statement also seemed to shock Toggart. Winifred started reading from the council’s rule book once again.  “Page one hundred and one, paragraph two, section three, sub heading...” 
“Get on with it, will you, woman!” Toggart slammed his fist down on the podium, his temper escalating with every word.
“It so states that if the council, by a majority of two thirds, deems the Grand Troll incompetent…” Winifred had barely got the words out of her mouth when Toggart picked Winifred up and threw her down on the ground. She lay there very still. Two of the council members close to the podium ran up and wrestled Toggart to the ground. Three other members rushed to Winifred’s side
Gertrude came running from the back of the glen where he had been watching everything. By the time Gertrude got to his mother’s side, she was sitting up with the aid of the council members. She stood up and shook herself, and tried to regain her senses. Then with a glance toward the throttled Toggart, Winifred regained the podium. “Fellow council members, you have seen with your own eyes the incompetency of The Grand Troll, Toggart. It is with great urgency that I request a vote on his removal as grand troll.” 
Toggart was bellowing, in a rage and another council member came over to help restrain him.
Winifred continued. “Council member Gillion, you are the council member with the most seniority.   I believe it is your duty to call the vote.” 
Gillion made his way to the podium. He looked at Toggart as he passed and shook his head. He acknowledged Winifred. “Fellow members, we have a request before us to remove Toggart as Grand Troll for incompetency. Do I hear a second on that request?” 
“Second!” Councilwoman Derry stood up.
“I recognize Councilwoman Derry.” Gillion was about to call for a vote when there was a sudden loud scream from behind them.
Toggart had bitten one of his restrainers and was screaming at the top of his lungs. “You cannot do this...!  I will get even with all of you...!  You will all regret this...!  You will all suffer!” Toggart fell silent only because someone had stuffed a dirty sock in his mouth to shut him up. 
Gillion continued now that it was quiet. “We have a second for Toggart’s removal. The vote shall follow with a show of hands.  A two-thirds majority of the council is needed. All those in favor of keeping Toggart as Grand troll raise your hand.”  A moment passed. The two trolls that Toggart had been talking to before the meeting were the only ones with raised hands. Gillion continued. “All those in favor of removing Toggart as Grand troll please raise your hands.” Gillion looked out over the council at the sea of raised hands. “So be it!  Toggart is no longer Grand Troll.” Cheering and applause followed. Gillion raised his arms in a gesture for silence. He looked towards Winifred and nodded. “We now must nominate two trolls as candidates for Grand Troll.”
An elderly troll in the back of the glen stood up. “I nominate Wixor.” There was an immediate sound of approval for the nominee. 
Another member arose.  It was Derry. “I nominate Gertrude for grand troll.” Once again there was the sound of immediate approval.
Gillion smiled. “We now have our two nominees. The nominees have three weeks to accept or decline the nomination, and then a vote will be made by the whole committee. If there is no further business, I shall call this meeting adjourned.”  Looking over the committee, Gillion nodded. “Meeting adjourned!” 
Winifred started walking toward her son who was surrounded by well-wishers. Gertrude saw his mother approaching, while at the same time Toggart threw off the three trolls that were holding him down, lunged at his mother, bellowing revenge.  All Winifred heard was Toggart and the gasp of surprise from onlookers. 
Gertrude knocked his mother out of the way just in the nick of time, taking the full force of Toggart's weight and fury. They started to struggle with one another, Toggart on top first, then Gertrude, while screams of pain and rage echoed through the meeting hall . Toggart hadn't planned on fighting another troll, but his anger had gotten the best of him again. He knew that by troll law, fighting with another troll was forbidden. To lose the battle, he would be exiled from his village.
 However, he did forget whose son he was fighting. Gertrude's father was known for his tremendous strength. ‘Like father, like son,’ as the old saying goes. Toggart thought he had bettered Gertrude when, with one hand fixed around his foe's left arm and his right under his stomach, Gertrude lifted Toggart over his head and hurled him into a berry thicket. There was silence, all eyes fixed on the thicket. 
Gertrude stood at the ready to take another charge from Toggart. One of the council members went over to where the old troll had landed. He parted the foliage with a couple of sticks. There, lying in a heap, with thorns sticking out of him, lay Toggart. He looked like an old rag troll-doll tossed away by a child. The council member poked the motionless figure with the stick and the frog-troll moaned. Someone found a container, filling it with icy cold, mountain-fed river water and very unceremoniously poured it over Toggart's head. 
Spitting and choking, Toggart jumped up quickly with his arms raised to land another blow on his foe. Looking at the group before him, he quickly realized he had been beaten by Gertrude.  He stood there, a feeling of humiliation enveloping him. Toggart looked at Gertrude with surprise etched on his ugly face. In a sudden burst of anger, glaring at Winifred, Toggart screamed in a loud roar, dripping with venom, “You will regret that you crossed me, Winifred!! You will be crying tears of sorrow over the loss of a loved one! I vow it, if it is done with my last breath!” 
Winifred stepped forward. “You do not scare me, Toggart.  You have never scared me. You may have had all the rest of the troll populace scared and under your thumb, but not me.  You never scared my husband, either, but he made the mistake of calling you ‘friend’, and trusting you. He said he would trust you with his life. You threw both his trust and friendship away the day he died. You truly deserve everything bad that comes your way...” Winifred started to choke up with emotion. She turned and walked through the crowd. Derry caught up with her and put her arm around her shoulders.
“You’ll be sorry, Winifred!  You’ll all be sorry!” Bellowed Toggart. With fists clenched and veins protruding from his face, he turned and kept roaring his threats until he disappeared into the darkness. 
Gertrude stood there, stunned by the whole event. Everything that had gone on in the last couple of hours ran through his head. He felt dizzy. What happened? How did it happen? Why did he feel so awful, when he knew that he should feel proud of what he had done? He had just defeated someone that he didn't like...and he felt bad. He turned to walk away, hoping to catch up to his mother and Derry. That hope disappeared with handshakes and well wishes from everyone. He feigned a smile and winced a couple of times as his fellow trolls slapped him on the back. Toggart had landed some severe blows and his body was crying out in pain. With his face swollen and bleeding, he limped out of the glen and headed home. As Gertrude rounded the corner by Derry's house, he looked up to see the sun rising over the castle, dawning a new day. 
A ray of sunshine greeted Princess Norman as she awoke. She smiled as she thought about the previous day’s happenings. Her mother was truly impressed with Gertrude. She said that if all trolls were just half as nice as Gertrude, there would be no suspicion between humans and trolls. Norman dressed quickly and went downstairs to have breakfast. Upon nearing the great hall, she heard voices. It sounded like her parent’s voices, but the third voice eluded her. She walked into the room and three figures turned to look at her. The third voice was the commander of the guards, Andre. 
“Good morning, dear.” The queen came over and gave Norman a kiss and a hug.
“Why do we have the honor of having the commander of the guards in our presence? Mother?  Father?” Norman walked over to the king and planted a kiss on his cheek. “I am hungry. May we sit down and have breakfast, please?” 
“Join us, Andre, please.” The king motioned for him to sit down.
Norman was curious as to why Andre was here so early to talk to her father and mother. Picking up a tart, she made her curiosity known. “So what brings you to the castle this morning, Commander?” 
Andre looked at the king, and the king nodded. “I am here to tell your parents about all of the commotion in the troll village this morning. Over the past few hours, there was some sort of meeting in the glen on the other side of the river behind the village. A fishmonger relayed to one of my men that he had seen two trolls going around to various houses and waking the inhabitants. We do not recollect the trolls ever having a meeting at this hour of the day. The whole glen was lit up with torches. The monger said that he could hear clapping and cheering and an awful lot of yelling, as the sounds carried well over the water. We have our suspicions that they are planning to do something about the farmland that we both claim. We have jurisdiction over it at this time, but it may change. The trolls that some of us do business with have mentioned their anger over losing the use of the land. We are just not sure that the land is the reason for this meeting.”
Norman was quiet, deep in thought. She offered, “I shall ask Gertrude what the meeting was all about. I am sure he will tell me.” Norman looked around, hoping to get a positive response. 
“It would be a wonderful idea if this troll, Gertrude, was an old friend.  However, you have known him for only a few days. He might be suspicious of your motives for asking such questions.” The king ran his fingers through his beard as he spoke, knocking crumbs from the marmalade tarts down the front of his robe. H noticed his wife’s eyes gazing at his chest and peered down. “Goodness, I hope my people don't think I'm a crumby king.” He smiled and looked up to see his wife coughing crumbs from her mouth. The four laughed. 
Andre rose from the chair. “I must be leaving now before I fall behind in my duties.” He bowed and left the room.
“The king stood up from the table, excusing himself from their company and went to catch up with Andre. Norman and her mother sat there finishing their breakfast, both lost in thought. Norman broke the silence. “Mother, do you think Gertrude would take offense if I asked what all the commotion was this morning? He seems very open-minded and I believe he is of good heart.” 
“We both have known Sir Gertrude for a very short time. If he does not offer the information, I would not pry into his matters.” Queen Emmaline picked up a small book. “Have you seen my reading glasses, Dear?” 
Norman tapped the top of her head. She was hoping for a positive answer from her mother. “I think I will go sit in the rose garden for awhile, Mother. Do you wish to join me?”
The queen picked her spectacles off of her head. “No thank you, my Dear. As soon as I finish this chapter, I have to go meet with the tailor's wife, Hilda. She is going to make my gown for your birthday ball. I haven't decided on a color yet. I was thinking something in a soft yellow.”
Norman just nodded her head. “I'll be in the rose garden, Mother. I will not be long, though.” Norman left the great hall and headed down the steps. Within a few minutes, she was admiring the newly opened roses and found a deep red rose that she liked. The scent of it reminded her of a whole field of flowers in bloom. Norman bent over to smell the rose. A sudden push from behind sent the princess head first into the thorny brambles. Her face, arms and legs all scratched and bleeding, she tried to get up but was knocked down again. “What are you doing?!” She cried. “Leave me alone, whoever you are!” She thought she heard some low, guttural laughter, but she couldn't tell what direction it was coming from. The bushes to the right side of her moved. She thought she had seen the small squat figure of a troll. “Gertrude?  Is that you?” There was no answer. Suddenly, a tall figure loomed above her. She could not make out the figure’s face because the sun was behind his head. “Who are you?  What do you want from me?” Norman was getting more frightened with each passing moment. Then she heard a very familiar voice. 
“Tis Welch, my Princess, the gardener. Please give me your hand and I will help you up.” 
Norman extended her hand and felt the gardener’s strong, gentle hand enfold hers as he lifted her to her feet. Norman started crying and Welch softly held her, trying to calm her. 
“My Princess, you are safe now. No one will hurt you while old Welch is around.” He held her as if she were his own daughter and kept reassuring her that she was all right. Welch took a large hankie out of his back pocket and gave it to Norman.
The young woman was regaining her composure. “Did you see who it was - who was attacking me, Sir Welch?”
“Nay, child, I did not. I heard your voice cry out and I came running from the lower garden where I was picking carrots for the cook. I heard some thuds as I approached and saw some of the shrubbery move, but I saw no one.” Welch scratched his forehead as though he were deep in thought. “You know, my Lady, I remember chasing a couple of trolls out of the garden the other day.  Hmm, I wonder...” He looked at the princess. “We had best get you back up to the castle so you can get cleaned up.” Welch extended his arm and Norman locked her arm in his and they started to walk up to the palace. 
Norman was glad that Welch had come to her aid. “How is your daughter, Meg, doing at school?" Norman asked. She often thought of Meg, and she missed being with her. They had grown up together. In fact, they were born on the same day. They had explored the castle and all of its gardens together. Norman most cherished the nights that she had spent at Meg's house. Meg's mother would always make apple turnovers for her. 
“Meg is doing very well, Princess. Thank you for asking. She sent a letter telling us all about the school. They are teaching her all the music she will ever need to know. My wife and I are very thankful that your parents sent her there.” 
They soon found themselves at the castle door. Norman gave Welch a kiss on his cheek. “Thank you for rescuing me from whomever or whatever it was that was tormenting me.”
“You are most welcome, Princess.” Welch watched as Norman disappeared behind the huge door. He turned and headed back to the gardens.  He was going to see about exterminating a couple of varmints. 
The queen was coming from the great hall into the foyer as Norman entered the castle. 
“My dear daughter, what has happened to you?!" Her mother gasped. Norman ran over, burying her face in her mother’s chest, crying once again. The queen ushered her daughter over to a settee. They sat down and Norman told her mother of the events in the garden. 
“Thank goodness Welch showed up to help you! I wonder if Gertrude had anything to do with this incident?” Queen Emmaline studied her daughter, looking for an answer to this new puzzle. Both were quiet for a bit. 
Norman broke the silence. “No, I do not think Gertrude had anything to do with this. It would not make any sense for him to be so kind and generous to me...and you... and throw it away like this. I wonder, though, if it has anything to do with the meeting of the trolls this morning? I would like to get a message to Gertrude, if I could, to tell him about what happened.” Norman looked at her mother. 

“I think that is an excellent idea, my Dear. We could have Andre take it directly to Gertrude. I will call for Andre immediately. You go and clean up and change, Norman. Then pen a note asking Sir Gertrude to meet us up here at the castle. Perhaps we can find out who is responsible for this nasty deed.” Queen Emmaline spoke with great concern in her voice. “Go now, daughter, and I will have Andre summoned.” 
Andre arrived within the hour, apologizing for taking so long as he had been off in another part of the village, investigating some thievery.
Norman walked into the great hall where she found her mother and Andre waiting for her. 
He looked at all of the scratches on the Princess' face and arms. “My Princess, your mother was telling me about your unfortunate encounter with some dastardly fiends down in the garden. How may I be of service to you?” 
Norman handed the rolled up letter to Andre. “ Please take this letter and deliver it to the frog-troll, Gertrude. He lives in the troll village by the river’s edge. It is important that you deliver it right away. We must meet with him later this day.” 
Andre bowed to both ladies. “I shall be on my way then. Do I wait for a reply?” Andre quickly looked at the queen and princess to gain their approval.
“Please do, Commander. Please be careful....” the queen cautioned

*

Gertrude was not too pleased about his nomination for Grand Troll.  He did not want the position. It wasn't because of the responsibility. He had shouldered more than his share while growing up. He wasn't too happy with his mother, either. He had to work some of his frustration and anger out, so he set to cutting firewood. With each blow of the axe, he released his frustrations. 
Winifred watched her son through the window. She knew that he wasn't happy about the nomination for Grand Troll. She hadn't had a chance to talk to him. He came home from the meeting and immediately started to chop wood. She also had to get busy with her baking. She was way behind and it was going to be a long, exhausting day. Derry had offered to help, but then Derry would have gotten behind on her sewing. Winifred was just pouring a couple of hot mugs of blog when she heard a great commotion from outside. A horse’s whinny sounded, a cloud of choking dust filling the still air. She ran and threw open the door to be greeted by a horse’s behind. “What is going on?!” she hollered. 
Gertrude had been startled, too. He turned to see the horse galloping into the yard, and had raised the axe to his chest, causing the horse to rear, kicking up the dust. 
Andre quieted his horse. “Are you Sir Gertrude, the frog-troll?” Andre dismounted his stallion, holding onto the reins. 
“What do you want of me?” Gertrude kept the axe to his chest, at the ready in case the uniformed human should charge.
“I am Andre, commander of the guards. I have a letter for you from Princess Norman.” With that, Andre thrust the letter forward. 
Gertrude retrieved the letter from Andre’s hand, a feeling of apprehension welling up inside. He examined the outside of the letter and saw the official seal of the king. Looking at Andre and then back down at the letter, he opened it and began to read. 
Andre waited patiently. Gertrude put the letter down to his side. “May I take a reply back to Princess Norman?” Andre inquired.
“Lift me up on your horse, behind you, and I will go now if you believe it would be proper.” Gertrude studied Andre’s face for an answer. 
It was Andre who was hesitant at this point. He had never been in this close proximity with a troll, and the thought of a troll riding on the same horse briefly unnerved the commander. Andre’s answer came when he mounted the huge horse and reached his hand down to give Gertrude a lift up into the saddle behind him. “Hold tightly, Sir Troll, as I do not like to linger in one spot too long.” 
Gertrude put his hands firmly around Andre’s waist.  The horse responded to the commander and, at full gallop, riders and steed vanishing in a cloud of dust.
Winifred watched and listened as the event unfolded in front of her. She had tried to protest her son going by himself, but everything happened so quickly that she didn't have time to react. She also had the problem of the horse’s rear end blocking the doorway. All she could do was watch her son ride off with one of the king’s guards towards the castle. She looked across her yard and saw Derry then looked down and saw a piece of parchment on the ground. She unrolled it and began reading. 
Derry's short, fat figure appeared beside her, and she, too, began to read the letter. “Your son is going to the castle?” An incredulous look of wonder crossed her face.
All Winifred could do was nod. “You can wait with me over a cup of blog ‘til Gertrude comes home.” Winifred turned, followed by Derry, and they disappeared through the hovel's doorway. 

*

Gertrude held on as tight as he could to Andre’s waist. He was frightened by the height and speed of the four-legged beast, never having been on a horse before. Gertrude's eyes were watering from the wind and dust. Whoever they passed, human or troll, could not believe what they were seeing - the commander of the king’s guards with a troll, on a horse, galloping across the countryside. 
The animal came to a quick stop at the main stairs of the castle. Andre reached around to grab hold of Gertrude’s hand and lowered him down onto the stone pavement. Then Andre dismounted his horse. He grabbed the reins and tied them to a small tree. With that done, the odd duo proceeded up the stairs to a large door. Andre pushed it open and ushered Gertrude over to a chair in the foyer.  “Please wait here, Sir Gertrude, and I will announce you to the king and queen.” 
Gertrude sat, nervously looking everywhere. He thought it was strange not to see a fireplace for warmth or a stove for cooking in this large room. His eyes wandered all over and he wondered where the king and queen slept. He did not see any beds...strange… Maybe humans didn’t need to sleep. 
“Gertrude!” He looked up to see Norman descending the stairs. “I didn't expect you to come so fast. We need to talk.” Upon getting closer, she noticed the fat lip and the many bruises he was sporting. One of Gertrude’s eyes was almost swollen shut.
And Gertrude noticed the scratches all over Norman’s face. “Did you have an accident, my friend? Why are you all scratched up?” 
Norman lifted her hand to her face. “That is why I asked you to come and meet me at the castle. How did you get all banged up, Gertrude?” Norman asked, pointing to his badly swollen eye. 
Andre entered the room. “Sir Troll….  Oh, Princess Norman, I am sorry to interrupt. Your parents would like to speak to Sir Gertrude now.” 
The three entered the Great Hall, Andre leading the way, to find the king and queen sitting by the fireplace in two large, overstuffed chairs. Two more chairs were awaiting occupants. In the middle was a table laden with tarts, cookies and hand cakes of which Gertrude had never seen the likes of before. Gertrude stared in awe, trying to take in as much of the surroundings as possible. The trio stopped to the left of the king and queen. Andre bowed and took his leave. 
“Gertrude, I would like you to meet my father, King Octavius. Queen Emmaline - of course you have already met her.  Father, I would like to introduce you to my friend, Gertrude.” Norman bent over and whispered, “Do you have a last name?” 
“Tinker..” Gertrude whispered back.
“My friend, Gertrude Tinker…” Norman offered.
Gertrude bowed and kissed the queen’s hand. King Octavius stood and shook hands with the troll.
“Please have a seat, Sir Gertrude. Would you care for a cup of tea?” Queen Emmaline watched as Gertrude tried to climb into the large chair. “Oh, I am so sorry, Sir Gertrude. Octavius, my dear, would you be so kind as to let Sir Gertrude use your foot stool to aid him in attaining his chair?” Without hesitation, the king jumped up and brought the little stool over to the front of Gertrude's awaiting chair. 
“Thank you, your Highness.” Gertrude climbed up onto the chair.  It seemed to swallow his small figure. He looked over to his right where Norman sat.  The frog-troll was very nervous, his senses seemingly heightened. He somehow mustered up the courage to start speaking, twisting slightly to look over at Norman. “Why did you summon me? Is there something wrong?” 
“Sir Gertrude, before we start, I am sorry but I did not hear your answer if you wished for a cup of tea.” Queen Emmaline was pouring a cup of tea.
“What is tea, your Highness?” Gertrude replied rather shyly. 
“A beverage, Gertrude. It is hot water flavored with an herb.” Norman had accepted the cup from her mother. “One lump or two?” Norman queried.
Gertrude immediately shielded his face and, looking at Norman between his fingers, whispered in an awed breath, eyes bugging out. “You would hit a friend and give him lumps?!” 
The king, queen and princess all burst out laughing. Norman barely escaped pouring the hot tea into her lap. Gertrude lowered his hands and blankly stared as the three royals struggled to regain their composure. “No one is going to hit you, Gertrude. The lumps I was going to give you were lumps of sugar.” Norman picked up the sugar to show Gertrude. “I’ll give you two lumps and some cream.”  She fixed the tea and handed the cup to Gertrude, urging him to take a sip. 
The reluctant frog-troll lifted the cup to his mouth and slurped a little of the tea. His eyes opened wide and he took another sip. “This tea is pretty good. Is it possible for me to trade you something for some of this tea? My mother would like it, I think. Gertrude smiled. He was starting to feel a little more at ease. “Why did you call me to the castle, Princess Norman?”
Norman sat her teacup on the table beside her. She looked at her friend and realized that he truly did not know why he was summoned. He was smiling at Norman, waiting for her reply. “Today I was attacked in the garden by someone. They pushed me headfirst into the roses. That is the reason why I am all scratched up.”  
Gertrude could not believe what he was hearing. “Who would want to hurt my friend? Are you sure you did not catch your foot on a rock and trip? I know that sometimes I get going so fast that my feet get tangled and I take a good tumble.”
“I am sure I was pushed. Furthermore, I am almost certain I saw the figure of a short troll running behind one of the bushes.” Norman looked quizzically at Gertrude.
Gertrude sat his cup of tea down on the small table beside him with both hands. He turned to the Princess. “You do not believe it was ME that pushed you? I would never intentionally hurt a friend….never!”
“No, I do not think it was you, Gertrude. The thought of you pushing me never came to mind. However we thought that you might have an idea who the culprit or culprits might be.”
Gertrude looked toward the queen and king, deep in thought. He shook his head and scratched underneath his chin while studying the look on their faces. Gertrude also noticed that they were studying him. He turned in his chair to face Norman. “Princess, did anything else happen to you in the garden?”
“Nothing else happened to me. I had hollered out for my tormentors to stop.  That is when Welch, our gardener, showed up to help me. While we were walking back to the castle, he informed me that he had chased two small trolls out of the garden a couple of days before.”
Gertrude’s eyes widened and he shook his head. “After our meeting yesterday in the garden, I had the misfortune of running into my two troublemaking cousins. They had been spying on our meeting. I wonder if Welch could tell me what the two trolls looked like that he chased away.”
King Octavius picked up a small bell and rang it. “Sir Gertrude, I shall summon Welch and have him give you a description of the two trolls he saw.” A page entered the room, walked over to the King and bowed. “Page, please find Welch the gardener and bring him here immediately.” The page bowed once again and left. The King looked over at his wife who had picked up her needlepoint. She had listened to the conversation but had not interjected one question, which he thought unusual. Before the king could ask her why, a great commotion erupted in the front foyer.
Everyone jumped out of their chair and hurried to the entrance. The ruckus?  ...A very old troll being held under his arms by two of the castle’s guards. Andre was with them, making a futile attempt to quiet the struggling troll.
“What is going on here?” Octavius sputtered. He walked over to the old troll and made the mistake of putting a finger too close to the old troll’s mouth. “Ouch!” The king quickly withdrew his finger in pain.
“That will teach you …you young whipper-snapper, to point at me! Didn’t your parents teach you that it was impolite to point? Put me down now!” The troll may have been old, but it was taking both guards all the strength they could summon to hold on to him.
“Let him cool off in one of the cells down in the basement, Andre. Perhaps he will show some respect to his King.” Octavius was holding his injured finger in his other hand.  “I thought trolls don’t have teeth.”
Gertrude stepped forward. “Hello there, Grandfather.”
“Well…of course, you know as well as I do that we live in Glennmorley. I was looking for my grandson. Have you seen him?”
“I am your grandson.” Gertrude shot back, a bit of exasperation creeping into his voice.
“Can’t be my grandson! He wouldn’t be living up in no castle with humans.” The old troll stopped his struggling and looked down at Gertrude. A gleam of recognition lit upon his face. “Gertrude, where have you been, you small hopper? Have these humans put me down so I can talk to you.”
“I will have them let you down as long as you promise to remember your manners. This is not, I repeat, this is not our house.” Gertrude shook his finger at the old troll.
“I promise on the Holy Tablets of Kern that I will.”  The old troll lost his train of thought.
Gertrude turned to the king. “Your Highness, please have the guards release my grandfather. I will make sure he behaves.”
The king looked at Gertrude and then examined the old, gnarled troll. “Very well. Guards, release the prisoner.”
“Is this how you treat all the visitors to your house, your Highness, King?” The old troll glared at Octavius.
“Your Highness, this is my grandfather, Grump. Grandfather, this is King Octavius, Queen Emmaline and Princess Norman.” Gertrude was keeping a close eye on his grandfather. “Grandfather, what are you doing up here?”
Grump looked at his grandson and scratched beneath his long white beard. “I don’t really recall. Some one named Dursy...no that’s not it….Derry, that’s it, Derry sent me to tell you that your mother is sick and that she needs you.”
Gertrude shook his head in disbelief. He was so frustrated with his grandfather at this point that he was ready to hand him back over to the guards. “I am sorry, your Highnesses, Norman, but I must go. My mother has never been sick a day in her life. Come, Grandfather, we must go.”
“Go where, Hopper?” The old troll had once again slipped out of reality. 
Gertrude grabbed his hand and promised him some wiggle-worm cookies laced with honey berries if he came with him. “I will be back later tonight to talk, if I am able.” With that, Gertrude grabbed his grandfather’s arm and pulled him out into the dark of the night, the two short figures walking quickly toward the troll village. Time seemed to pass slowly. Gertrude was in a hurry to get home to see what was wrong with his mother. He wished he had a horse so he could get there faster. To his astonishment, he heard the sound of horse’s hooves coming up behind them quickly. Gertrude pulled his grandfather instinctively over to the side of the road so they wouldn’t get trampled. A horse’s whinny sounded as a horse and its rider pulled to a halt beside them. Gertrude could not see the rider through the dark and swirling dust. A familiar voice sounded; not a man’s voice, but the voice of a young woman. “Norman, is that you?” Gertrude asked, somewhat startled.
“Yes.  Have your grandfather take my hand and then you after him.” Norman’s voice sounded very assuring. Her hand appeared in front of them. She gave a strong pull when she felt Grump’s hand and lifted him up behind her. Once again she reached down and raised Norman up behind her. “Tell me the way, Gertrude, as I am not familiar with the troll village.” The three took off at a fast gallop, Norman guiding the horse effortlessly, right up to Gertrude’s hovel.
The frog-troll dismounted quickly, turned and helped his grandfather down. Norman dismounted and followed the two trolls into the hovel, ducking her head to avoid hitting it on the top of the doorjamb. The hovel was all lit up inside. They made their way to a small back room where they found Derry bending over Winifred.
Derry turned. She was pale and looked very worried. “Thank goodness you are here, Gertrude. Your mother is not doing well. I am afraid she may ….”  Derry stopped in mid-sentence when she noticed Norman in the doorway behind him. Derry continued. “Your mother may die. She is running a high fever and she has been retching up all of her foods and liquids. I have called for the apothecary, but he has not arrived yet.”
Gertrude went to his mother’s side and lifted one of her hands in his. Her hand felt cold and clammy. He felt her forehead and could feel the heat of the fever. Gertrude turned. “She was fine when I left to go up to the castle. How did this happen?”
Derry became pale, herself, and Gertrude guided her over to a chair. “We had come into the hovel to have a cup of blog. We talked for a little while. Your mother remembered an order she had forgotten and when she went for some cattail flour, she found out that she didn’t have enough. “Derry paused. She was getting paler and paler and she was having trouble speaking. “I told her I had plenty of flour and left to fetch it. When I returned, your mother was sitting at the table, eating. She said that Gillion had sent over some cooked fish for us for dinner, as he had cooked too much. Your cousins were nice enough to bring it to us. Your mother had eaten a good portion of the fish when she said she wasn’t feeling good. I only had a small amount because I had a late snack.” Without warning, Derry turned as white as parchment and began retching. Then the poor troll passed out. 
Gertrude caught her, picked her up and carried her into his small room, placing her on his bed. Rushing out to the kitchen, he found his grandfather picking up a piece of the fish, about to place it in his mouth. He knocked it out of Grump’s hand.
“Why did you do that?” Grump fussed, startled by his grandson’s actions. “I’m hungry, and it looked good!”
“The fish has been laced with poison!” Gertrude took the remainder of the fish on the plate and put it in some clear water. He stood there and watched the water turn a ruby red as the poison leached out of the fish.  “Blood root!” he cried. 
He had to find the apothecary to get the antidote for the poison, or else his mother and Derry would both die. “Grandfather, go find another neighbor and bring them here.” He was about to go back into his mother’s room when Norman came out into the kitchen. “They have been poisoned with blood root.”
Norman let out a gasp. “Oh my! Who would want to poison your mother?” She looked quizzically at Gertrude. “Do you have a bottle of antidote here?”
“I have an idea who might want to cause my mother harm, but I do not know for sure. The apothecary is the only one who has the antidote. Where is he?” 
Norman moved to the door. “Gertrude, stay here with your mother and her friend. I will fetch our apothecary and bring him here.”   Before Gertrude could answer, Norman left the hovel, mounted her horse and sped off.
Grump showed up a moment later with Toddy, the neighbor who lived just on the other side of Derry. Toddy had grown up with Gertrude.  She had liked him from the very first time they had met. “What is wrong, Gertrude? Your grandfather told me you were having a party over here and that I was invited.”
Gertrude told her that there was no party. ”I need you to go find the apothecary and bring him here! My mother and Derry have been poisoned and they need his help.”
Toddy nodded her head and took off out the doorway. She ran quickly toward the south side of the village to the apothecary’s hovel.
Gertrude went to check on both women. His mother‘s breathing was shallow and labored. He felt her forehead and the fever was going higher. Gertrude took a large piece of cloth and ran it under some cold water in the basin and wrapped it around his mother’s head. He walked into his room where Derry lay. She was moaning and had retched up what appeared to be small chunks of fish. Gertrude felt her forehead and her fever was spiking, too. He grabbed an old shirt of his and wet it at the sink for Derry. He had just finished when there was the sound of horses and voices out front. He ran out of the room to find Norman entering with a small gaunt man wearing a heavy robe and a funny pointed hat, and carrying a small bag made of pigskin which had peculiar bulges in it. His attitude was surly, though, and Gertrude felt a chill in the air when he entered.
Norman also brought along Andre and a couple of his men. In the confusion, he almost missed the figure standing just outside the opened doorway.  It was King Octavius, himself. Norman started ushering the apothecary into the room where Winifred lay, fighting for her life.
The apothecary looked at Winifred. “This troll is close to death.  It is useless and a waste of my medicines! Trolls do not respond well to human medicine. I told you that up at the castle before you had me brought here.”
Norman glared at the apothecary and used some of her ‘charm’ to have him administer aid to Winifred. “Apothecary, do you like your position in the King’s service? I believe your answer would be ‘yes’. If you do not start administering an antidote to these women, you will find yourself cleaning out pig pens until your last breath!”
A look of abject horror crossed the apothecary’s face. “You are blackmailing me into treating this... this creature! Surely, Princess, you really do not think for one moment with my skills that…” The apothecary did not have a chance to finish.
Two strong hands turned him around and lifted him up by his robe, and he found himself nose to nose with King Octavius. “If you do not do as my daughter has asked, I shall see to it that you will also eat and sleep with the swine!  Do you understand?!”
The apothecary nodded his understanding.
“One other thing, Apothecary, if either one of the women die, you will be living in a dark, cold cell down in the dungeon.” The King‘s words were direct and to the point, and he dropped the shaking apothecary unceremoniously.
With haste, the apothecary picked up his bag and pulled out a small vial of liquid. He walked into the bedroom and over to Winifred, lifting her head with one hand while giving the antidote to her with the other. Once he emptied the vial into her mouth, he was into his bag again and took out another vial. “Where is the other troll?” The apothecary followed Princess Norman into the other room and gave the antidote to Derry. “It will take an hour before the medicine can react, so all we can do is wait.”
Toddy burst through the front door, accompanied by the troll apothecary, Goodly. Goodly looked very unkempt and was sporting a huge bump on the back of his head. Toddy excitedly started to speak. “I came upon the apothecary’s house to find it dark. Then I knocked on the door. No one home, it seemed. Then I thought I heard something from inside the hovel. I knocked on the door once again, this time pounding on the door. To my amazement, the door pushed open. The moonlight shining through the doorway revealed a mess. I found a lantern and lit it. Upon looking around, I discovered Goodly lying on the floor. At first I thought he was dead. I walked over and gently poked him and he moaned.”
“Yes, that poke was what I needed to bring me to my senses.” Goodly reached up to his head and gingerly felt the bump. “OUCH! Whoever walloped me did a good job. Toddy told me that Winifred and Derry were very ill, something about being poisoned?”
Goodly looked around the cramped room, his eyes coming to a rest on Gertrude. “What is going on? Do I need to give anyone some of my elixirs?”
“The King’s apothecary gave them both an antidote and we are waiting for them to recover. Hopefully both of them will be all right.” Gertrude looked over at the king’s apothecary with a quizzical look crossing his face. 
Norman entered the kitchen. “Derry is coming around, but Gertrude’s mother is still unconscious.” She looked over at Toddy and Goodly. Norman had heard the whole story from the other room. Then moaning came from Winifred’s room. Norman turned around and went to look in on Winifred.
“Oh, my! There’s a human in my house!” Winifred was awake. “Gertrude! Gertrude!!!” Winifred was half out of bed when Gertrude came into the room followed by Goodly.
“Mother, it is all right. Norman, this is my mother, Winifred. Mother, this is Princess Norman.” Gertrude went over to his mother and made her sit down. “You had us worried, Mother. Someone poisoned you and Derry and we almost lost you.”
Norman curtsied to Winifred. “It is a pleasure to meet my friend’s mother.”
Goodly barged his way over to Winifred and felt her forehead. “No fever; you are recovering quickly. I think you will be just fine. I will go check on Derry now.” He left the room and a moment later returned with Derry by his side. “You are both doing fine. If you will excuse me, I must go talk to the human apothecary and find out what kind of elixir he gave you. Mine seems to turn trolls blue…” With that said, he turned and headed to the kitchen.
Winifred looked at Derry. “We both got sick and it was from eating the fish that Gillion sent us. Why would Gillion do that to us? We harbor no ill feelings between us.” Winifred shook her head in wonderment.
“I do not believe that it was Gillion who poisoned the fish. All he did was provide the opportunity for someone else to poison you. Today at the castle, Norman was attacked by a troll - or two trolls. She isn’t sure. Then you and Derry are poisoned and it is delivered by two trolls.” Gertrude looked at the other two ladies in the room.
Derry, who had been silent and leaning against the door jamb for support, started to grumble. “Those two worthless trolls are going to get a piece of my mind when I see them next! Winifred, as soon as we are able, we are going to go find your nephews and give them a taste of our brooms! We will teach them to fool around with us!” She puffed out her chest and made a fist.
Norman had been standing by the foot of the bed. “Mrs. Tinker and Miss Derry, I would be honored if you would let me go with you. I would like to take a broom to those two trolls, myself!” Norman swung her arms up and down.
They all laughed. It had been a stressful day and it was a good feeling to release some of the tension. Gertrude and Norman excused themselves and Derry came over and sat down on the bed beside Winifred.  Norman and Gertrude entered the kitchen to find the room empty except for Andre, Goodly and Grump. 
“The king wanted me to stay and escort the princess back to the castle. He is concerned about her safety. He does not want her attacked again.” Andre stood up and headed towards the door. “We really should be on our way, Princess.”
Norman nodded her head in agreement and turned to Gertrude. “I am glad that your mother and her friend, Derry, are going to be well. If you should need my help in any other way, please do not hesitate to ask for it.” 
Gertrude held out both arms to give Norman a hug. Norman obliged him by bending over and wrapping her arms around him. “Thank you for being you, my friend.” Gertrude whispered in her ear. “You are not just a fair-weather friend.” 
“You are most welcome, Gertrude. My parents always taught me to choose my friends wisely. It was a wise decision to pick you as a friend.” She stood up and said her goodbyes to Goodly and Grump. Norman headed towards the door and followed Andre out into the night.
Gertrude looked over to see Derry and his mother entering the room. Their color was returning and they did not appear to be so weak. Gertrude looked over towards his grandfather and Toddy. “Grandfather, would you please walk Toddy home? It is on the way to your house. I will walk Derry home and make sure she is settled for the night.”
“You youngsters sure know how to throw a party, but the next time I would suggest more food and drink.” Grump got up from his chair and walked out the door with Toddy. They turned and bid the three remaining trolls goodnight.
Gertrude went over and took Derry’s arm in his and escorted her back home. When he returned, his mother had made the two of them some blog and had brought out some troll-house cookies that she made earlier in the week. He sat down with his mother, but they ate and drank in silence. Both of them were exhausted and it was difficult to think about all that had happened that day.
Morning came too early. Sleep eluded Gertrude. His body had screamed for sleep but his mind kept going over the events of the previous day. He washed and dressed. As he did, he caught the wonderful smell of bacon frying. He swore he could smell the aroma of fresh baked nectar nut rolls, too. He walked into the kitchen just as his mother was dishing up breakfast.
“Good morning, sleepy head. I thought I was going to have to come in to wake you. It is almost sunrise, and there is a lot to do today. I am a whole day behind on my baking.” Winifred kept on jabbering away.
Gertrude wasn’t listening. His brain was numb and his belly empty. He sat quietly at the table, savoring each bite of his breakfast. He downed one cup of blog and his mother promptly filled it again. Gertrude let his mind slip into a daydream. Suddenly there was a loud knock at the door and  his daydream ended abruptly. He opened the door to find Norman standing there impatiently. “Come in, Norman. What is wrong?”
“Would you like cup of blog, my Dear, and perhaps some breakfast?” Winifred beamed one of her grand smiles.
Norman smiled back and said, “No, thank you. May I come in?”
“Silly girl, of course you can come in.” Winifred walked over to Norman and hugged her legs. She bid her to sit down at the table. “Please sit here closer to the fire, to warm yourself from the early morning chill.”
Norman sat down with some difficulty, as the chairs were half the size of a regular human’s chair. “There were raids staged on some farms last night. Produce and animals were stolen. Then the perpetrators set fires in the fields. One farmer lost all of his bedding straw for the upcoming winter.”
Gertrude gave her a bewildered look. “Why would you come here to tell me this? I am sure your father and his guards could find the people responsible for these crimes.”
“Gertrude, you don’t understand!” Norman retorted, frustration rising in her voice. “Trolls were the ones responsible for these raids!”
“How do they know that trolls did this? Did someone see them?” Gertrude could not believe what he was hearing. He closed his eyes and opened them again, hoping that this was a bad dream. “Did your father send you down here to tell me about the raids?”
“My father doesn’t know that I am here. I was awake most of the night thinking about what happened to your mother and Derry. I thought I heard voices down the hall and went to investigate. Andre was talking with my father. He said that there were witnesses claiming to have seen at least ten or more trolls looting and pillaging the farms. I thought you would like to know. I am almost sure that father will send Andre down here today to bring you up to the castle to ask you questions.”
“Why ask me questions? I know nothing about these happenings, except for what you have told me.” Gertrude felt anger brewing inside him, and he tried to calm himself down.
“My dear child, you have not taken a bite of your breakfast or drank any of your blog. You have to eat to stay healthy.” Winifred looked at Norman and raised her hand up to her mouth as if she were encouraging a child to eat.
Norman, not wishing to offend Winifred, picked up her blog and took a sip of it. Norman’s eyes widened, not in horror, but in astonishment. “This is wonderful! What is it that I am drinking?”
Gertrude barged in at that point. “It is a mixture of herbs and berries and a secret ingredient that we can not divulge at this time.”
“Nonsense!” his mother said. “The so called secret ingredient is sn……”Another knock sounded at the door. Winifred opened it and saw Derry. “Come in and join us for a mug of blog. Have you had breakfast?”
“Please, Winifred...” Derry sat down next to Norman and couldn’t stop a chuckle from escaping her lips. “Gertrude, you are going to have to build a taller chair for your friend if she keeps coming for a visit. Her knees are up to her neck.”
Gertrude and Winifred hadn’t really noticed the awkward position that the princess was sitting in until now.  All four of them started laughing. They laughed until their throats were dry. 
Norman asked for another cup of blog, which Winifred quickly refilled. Derry looked at Norman once again, only this time in amazement. “You like blog, Princess?” She looked at Gertrude and Winifred. “Does she know what is in blog?”
Norman glanced at her mug. “Yes ,they told me what was in it.” Norman then remembered why she had come. “Please do not tell my father that I have been here. He will be very angry that I came down here alone and he will be even angrier that I have informed you of the raids.”
Derry’s eyes widened and started choking. She had swallowed her blog wrong. Wh...wha...t raids?” She sputtered, still choking. “Humans are raiding us?” Her eyes widened in fear.
“No, just the opposite. Last night a band of trolls raided some outlying human farms. Norman came down to warn me that the commander of the guards might be coming to get me.”  
Norman struggled up from her chair and thanked Winifred for her hospitality. “I must leave now before I am missed from the castle. Take great care, Gertrude. Something bad is brewing.” Norman turned and walked out into the twilight of morning.
Winifred sat down at the table just as Gertrude got up. “Where are you going, son? I made you more grasshopper jump-up cakes.”
Gertrude smiled at his mother and walked over to her and gave her a kiss on her cheek. “My chores still have to be done.” He walked out the door to start bringing in firewood. 
“Winifred, you have a very good son there. He reminds me so much of his father.” Derry took a sip of her blog.
“Yes, he does.” Winifred got up from the table. “Speaking of chores, I have a whole day of missed baking to make up for.” Derry got up from the table and started helping her friend. They spent the whole day together talking, laughing and crying, enjoying each other.
 Norman crept back into the castle. As she passed the great hall, she could hear her father still talking to Andre. Then she heard her mother’s voice. Norman’s curiosity got the best of her. She walked over to a large mirror on the wall and made herself presentable. She had to find out what the threesome was talking about. Faking a yawn and a stretch, she walked into the room. “Good morning, Mother, Father. Oh! Good morning, Andre.” Norman went over and gave both of her parents a kiss on the cheek. “I am famished. What are we having for breakfast?”
“Daughter, your cheek is cold. Do you feel well?” The king had noticed the coolness of her cheek from riding in the cold morning air.
“I washed with cold water this morning to wake myself up. We were up late and the bed was still calling to me, but I decided to get up. I thought I would go for a ride this morning.” Norman turned her gaze away from her father’s. “It was quite a night last night. I do hope that the two women are doing well this morning. Why are you here so early, Commander?”
Andre looked at the Princess sympathetically and almost seemed to be apologizing when he spoke. “Your parents and I were discussing the happenings of last night and we all feel that you shall have an escort when you leave the castle’s grounds. This is for your safety and our peace of mind. While we were distracted in the troll village last night, a band of trolls raided some farms and destroyed most of the harvest by setting the fields on fire.”
Norman tried to act as surprised as possible. “Oh my! No one was killed, were they? This is terrible!” Looking at her father, Norman saw a questioning look cross his face for a split second. The look disappeared as quickly as it came. Norman could also tell by her father’s actions that this was not a good time to argue with him about her new security. She would wait until the moment was right and work some of her charm on him. “Do I need someone to watch me if I stroll through the gardens?” She tried not to sound sarcastic, but a little crept through in her voice.
King Octavius grew red in the face. He tried to extinguish the anger he felt. He looked at his daughter, for the first time realizing that he was looking at a grown woman, no longer the child he remembered holding on his knee and telling stories to. He recalled her first smile. That moment seemed like just yesterday. His anger faded as he turned to his wife. “We have raised our daughter to be a wise young lady. To doubt her capabilities of making wise decisions casts doubt on our skills of raising her properly.” He then turned to Andre. “Commander, you shall have one man stand ready whenever my daughter so feels that she needs extra protection. She may go wherever she feels safe, unaccompanied.”
Emmaline, Andre and Norman were left speechless. They all looked at him in amazement.
Octavius glanced at his wife and smiled, giving her a quick blink of the eye. Turning to Norman, he saw the little girl once again. “All that I ask is that you remain alert if you should journey anywhere outside the castle grounds.” The king paused for a moment and asked Norman to come to his side. “I was going to save this for my speech at your birthday ball. I think now is a more appropriate time.” He looked at his lovely Emmaline and saw tears welling up in her eyes. 
“Norman……….” Octavius paused for a moment, searching for the right words to say. “Norman, you have known for a long time that you were named after your grandfather. I have never told you why I was so insistent upon it. Your grandfather was a great man. He was the one man during the Troll Wars who saw the war as it really was. There also was a troll that my father befriended that saw things as he did. He often told me that war is an absolute waste. No one side ever wins a war. Both sides lose in a war. Young men are thrown into battle over some ideology that their way is better than another. The way they worship their God is the only way. We have lived at peace with the trolls since both of their deaths. I felt compelled to tell you this because you have grown up to be so much like your grandfather. He was honest, kind and, above all, he could charm anyone with his smile.” Octavius smiled, tears forming in his eyes. “Your mother and I want you to know how proud we are of you. You have grown into a fine young lady.” He hugged Norman and kissed her cheek.
Norman was crying softly. She smiled. “Thank you, Father.”  
Queen Emmaline got up from her chair, hugged and kissed Norman. “Please promise me that you will be on your guard at all times, my daughter.”
Norman nodded. “Is any one else hungry, or is it just me?” Norman walked over to the table and waited to sit down ‘til her parents had taken their seats.
Her father rang a small bell and in moments there was hot food and drink before them. The threesome ate quietly. The previous day had been long and exhausting. Today promised to be no different.
*

Later in the day Norman found herself in the garden. She sat on the bench where her mother had met Gertrude. She was wondering what Gertrude was doing. The sun was warm. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the breeze as it danced across her face. A rustling in the rose brambles stirred her back to an alert state of mind. She saw a huge old gray rabbit bounce out onto the path. The rabbit stopped and looked directly at her and bounded down the pathway heading down towards the troll village. He stopped and looked back almost as if to see if Norman was going to follow him. Norman was about to leave when the rose brambles moved again. This time it was a troll emerging from the thicket. She was pleasantly surprised to see Winifred’s wrinkled, pudgy face. She was carrying a basket and looked tired. “Mrs. Tinker, what a pleasant surprise! You look exhausted. Would you like to sit down for a while?”  Norman reached out a hand to aid Winifred over a rock and onto the path.
Winifred nodded. “Thank you, my dear girl. I used to be able to collect nectar and do all of my other chores without any problems. Now my legs talk to me walking up hills. My eyes play tricks on me, and I am always going around the hovel looking for things I have misplaced. Lately I have misplaced my memory. I always seem to be living in the ‘here after’.” She smiled and shook her head.
“What do you mean you’re living in the ‘here after’?” Norman asked naively.
Winifred had a mischievous look in her eye. “I go from one room to another wondering what I’m here after!” Winifred laughed a deep belly laugh. She stopped and looked at Norman.
Norman was trying to figure out what was so funny. “Oh, I get it now! Oh my!” The princess started laughing right along with Winifred. “I’m younger than you and I do that already, Mrs. Tinker…”
“Please call me Winifred, child. I am not one for formalities.”
“Thank you, Winifred. Why are you out gathering nectar when Gertrude usually does that for you?”
“Gertrude finished his chores and said that he had to go see my sister, Phoebe. He was thinking over what you had said this morning. He wanted to go ask his auntie a few questions. I couldn’t wait for him to return because I am so far behind in my baking. Fortunately, Derry is over helping me today. She is minding the kitchen while I am out here collecting nectar. I am sorry that I cannot sit longer, but I must get busy.” Winifred jumped down from the bench. She turned and bid Norman farewell and off she hopped back into the brambles.
Norman wondered why Gertrude wanted to talk to his aunt. She looked up at the sun and decided that she should get back up to the castle.

*

Gertrude knocked on his Uncle Farkle and Aunt Phoebe’s door. He waited a moment and knocked again, this time a little harder.  “No answer. That’s kind of odd.” He mumbled. He looked in the window and saw no one. His aunt was a seamstress and she was always at her sewing machine. She was a hard worker just like his mother. Gertrude was tuning around when his relative’s neighbor poked his head out of a window.
“Hi, Gertrude. If you are looking for your aunt and uncle, they left early this morning with a human. They headed up to the glen, from what I could tell. They took off in a hurry, too.”
“Thanks, Munion. Was the human one of the guards from the castle?”
“Not likely. He wasn’t dressed very well, and he looked like a right miserable person. Have a good day, Gertrude. I have to get back to my cobbling.” Munion’s head disappeared from the window.
Gertrude struck off towards the glen to see if his aunt and uncle were up there. When he arrived, all was quiet. Birds were singing in the trees. In the distance he could hear the waterfall of the gurgling stream that ran through the right side of the glen. It was far more peaceful than it was the other morning. This was the first time that he had a moment to himself to think. 
He had been stunned by his mother’s actions. The past couple of days almost seemed like a nightmare. To be nominated for grand troll was a high honor. The nomination was not to be taken lightly. He thought about Toggart, and how he abused his authority when he was grand troll. Toggart knew how to manipulate people and trolls. It was a hard decision, a very hard decision. He put the grand troll nomination to the back of his brain. What was going on? Who was responsible for it? 
Gertrude walked the length of the glen looking for a clue as to where his aunt and uncle went with the human. He finally turned around and headed down the path that ran along the stream. As he walked along the creek he remembered all of the joyous hours he and his friends spent running and splashing in the stream’s cool, bubbling waters. This is where he first met Toddy.
Gertrude shook his head. He was no longer a child. He walked on a little farther where the stream ran into the river. Something splashing out in the middle of the river caught his attention. Gertrude ripped off his jacket and jumped into the swift current. The water was icy cold and it felt like a thousand needles pricking him all over his body. Fortunately, trolls are very good swimmers. In no time he was within reach of the floundering figure. He grabbed a hold of the troll from behind to prevent being dragged under. Gertrude chose the closest shore to swim to. The bank of the river was also lower at this point and it was easier for Gertrude raise the troll out of the water. 
Gertrude was exhausted. He looked over at the troll he had saved. It was Toddy. She was all tangled up in one of her fishing nets. He untangled her and rubbed her cheeks. There was no response. She didn’t appear to be breathing, either. Gertrude picked her up and placed her limp body over a log by the river. He pushed firmly on her sides under her lungs. “Come on, Toddy, start breathing.” He pressed harder and Toddy began coughing and retching water. He sat her up against the log.
Toddy opened her eyes. “Where am I?” She wrapped her arms around herself. Her huge lips were chattering. Then she noticed Gertrude. She flung herself at him and she started sobbing. “You saved my life! How can I ever thank you enough?”
“How did you get all tangled in your net, Toddy?” Gertrude stood up and helped Toddy to her feet.
Toddy’s lips were chattering so bad that she couldn’t answer. Toddy’s mother, Bertha, lived the closest so the two walked as quickly as they could to her hovel. Every step they took seemed to make them colder. The wind was blowing hard and crispness filled the air.
Gertrude did not bother to knock. He barged through the door with Toddy in tow. Toddy’s mother screamed in horror. Then she saw her daughter behind Gertrude and went into mothering both of the frozen youngsters. She went over to a large cupboard and pulled out two heavy woolen winter blankets. “Both of you get out of those wet clothes this instant.” Bertha turned and put water in the blog pot to boil. “What in the world are you two standing there shivering for? I told you to get out of those wet clothes.” Toddy’s mother ushered Gertrude into a small back room and her daughter into another. She picked up an armful of wood and quickly had a roaring fire going in the fireplace. “You hoppers hurry up now; I don’t want to have to tell Gertrude’s mother that you both died while being in my care.”
Gertrude was the first to re-enter the room, dripping clothes in hand. Bertha took them from him and forced a mug of steaming hot blog into his shaking hands. She had placed two chairs close to the fire. “Sit down Gertrude. Sit...Sit... Sit!” She practically dragged him over to the chair. Toddy emerged from the other room wrapped in her blanket. Her lips were still chattering. Bertha shoved a mug of blog into her daughter’s shaking hands and helped her over to the other chair. Bertha then took two large rocks that had been heating up by the fire and wrapped each one separately in an old towel and placed them at their frozen feet. “Rest your feet upon these rocks.” She smiled up at them as they did what she asked, then got up and started busying herself preparing something hot for the two half-frozen hoppers. 
Gertrude closed his eyes as the heat of the fire and the blog warmed him. He looked over at Toddy. Her eyes were closed and her lips had stopped chattering. “How did you get tangled in your net, Toddy?”
Toddy opened her eyes and turned her head to look at Gertrude. “I didn’t get tangled in my nets. Someone wrapped me in them and threw me in the river.” She started to cry. “I was repairing one of the nets when all of the sudden I had these hands over my mouth and eyes. There had to be two or more attackers. Whoever it was holding their hands over my mouth and eyes never let go. Then I am sure I felt four hands lift me and throw me into the water. I could have died if…” Large tears poured from her eyes.
Bertha came over and put her arms around her daughter’s shoulders to comfort her. “You are safe now, thanks to Gertrude.” She turned to Gertrude and smiled. “Thank you for saving my daughter.” She let go of her daughter, walked over, and planted a kiss on Gertrude’s forehead.
Gertrude blushed.” Did anyone speak at all when they were attacking you, Toddy?
Toddy paused for a moment. “It is funny that you ask that question. Right before I was attacked, I could have sworn I heard a human voice. The hands that held me were definitely troll, though.” She held her mug out towards her mother. “May I please have more?”
Gertrude handed Bertha his mug, too. “Please…” He thought for a moment. “Have you seen my cousins, Meade and Zeon, lately?” He looked at Toddy.
It was Bertha who answered the question. “I saw Meade leading his aunt and uncle through the glen early this morning. They also had my brother, Frack, with them. I noticed that Frack had his apothecary supplies with him. I was coming down the path by the stream when I ran into them. We chatted briefly. They seemed in a great hurry.”
Gertrude looked puzzled. “Wasn’t your brother Frack forbidden by the committee to practice apothecary after he almost blew himself up making a potion? Why was he with my aunt and uncle, carrying his supplies?”
Toddy looked at Gertrude. “Meade and Zeon are inseparable. The whole village jokes that your aunt sews all of their pants together so she can keep a better eye on them. You both know as well as I do that when one of them gets in trouble the other one is in trouble, too.” Toddy paused. “I wonder who dislikes me so much that they would want to kill me.”  She shuddered at the thought.
Bertha went over and put more wood on the fire and checked the clothing to see if it was dry. She shook her head and walked over to the stove and poured more hot blog into both cups. “I would love to be able to take my broom to whoever is responsible for this! After a few wallops over their heads, I’d stick it right where the sun never shines, stick them over a fire and have a weenie roast!!”
Gertrude spit out a full moth of blog and started choking. Then all three of them started laughing. He felt some of the tensions of the day fade.  Reaching over to check the dryness of his clothing, he grabbed them and stood up. “I must get going. I still have chores to do when I get home.” He looked over at Toddy. “Would you like me to walk you home after we get dressed?”
“No, thank you, Gertrude. I have to go back and collect all of my fishing gear and nets. I do not dare leave them until tomorrow, unattended. I am sure someone would walk off with everything. Mother will come with me, if I ask. I’ll have her guard me with her broom.” Toddy smiled as she turned to look at her mother.
Gertrude went into the small room where he had undressed and slipped back into his clothes. He walked back into the kitchen to find only Bertha, standing at the stove.
Bertha turned when Gertrude entered the room. She walked over to him and gave him a big hug. “Thank you again for saving Toddy’s life. My husband will thank you, too, once he comes back from the hunt he is on.”
“You do not have to thank me. I was in the right place at the right time.” Gertrude walked over to the door. “Please say goodbye to Toddy for me.” He opened the door and left.
Toddy entered the room just as Gertrude closed the door behind him. ‘Gertrude left already? I was hoping he would stay at least until I could thank him again.” She walked over to her mother and they both hugged. They looked at each other and both of them cried tears of thankfulness and gratitude.

*

  Norman arrived back at the castle and was met at the steps by Andre and a squad of soldiers. She could tell that there was a problem. “Andre, what is wrong? What is happening?”
“I am sorry, Princess. I do not have time to talk to you at this moment. There is trouble stirring to the north of the troll village.” He turned and ordered his men to mount their horses. The commander then mounted his. Off they sped into the fading light.
Norman ran up the stairs and into the great hall where she found her mother sitting by the fire, doing her stitchery. “Mother! What is all the commotion about? Where is Father?”
Queen Emmaline jumped with fright. “Ahhhhhhhh!” Her stichery flew into the air and she knocked a glass of wine onto the floor. She turned around, holding her hand over her heart. “Why must you do that child? You have scared ten years off of my life. If you scare me like that again, surely I will end up in my grave soon!. What have you been up to, Daughter?”
“I have been down in the garden, talking briefly with Gertrude’s mother, Winifred. She didn’t stay long as she had to finish her work. She was collecting rose nectar.” Norman sat down next to her mother. “You look worried, Mother. What is happening?”
“There have been reports from the people that there are trolls plundering and pillaging again. This time it is north of the troll village.” Emmaline looked at her daughter. “I believe your father has gone off to look for your friend, Gertrude. He seems to think that Gertrude knows who is responsible for all of this misery and mayhem. Do you think Gertrude knows who is doing this?”
Norman looked thoughtfully at her mother. “No, I do not think he knows. However, Gertrude seems to be a smart troll and I am sure he has his suspicions of who is responsible.” Norman stood up and walked over to the north window and gazed out into the night. “Mother, come look at this!”
The queen walked over beside Norman and let out a gasp. The sky to the north of the troll village was glowing orange and red. “Who would do something like this?!”

*

Gertrude had seen the glow from the fire when he left Bertha’s hovel. He did not like what he saw. The orange glow could mean only one thing: more raids. He found himself running to Gillion’s. He was the acting Grand Troll until elections. Gertrude would have to have him call an emergency meeting…. ‘No, on second thought, that may draw too much attention from the humans.’ He was almost certain he knew who was behind this. But why? 
Gertrude came around the corner of the hovel and stopped short. Two of Andre’s guards were escorting Gillion, who was bound and gagged, out his door. One of the guards picked up the old troll and unceremoniously threw him into the back of a wagon. Gertrude had to help Gillion, but how? He had no time to think of a better plan than to lead the men away from Gillion. He quickly jumped out of the shadows. “Do the King’s guards always pick on helpless old trolls? Why don’t you pick on someone younger and stronger, cowards?” 
The guards took the bait and started pursuing Gertrude, who took off at a dead hop with the guards close behind. His mind was racing just as fast as his feet. He had to get these men lost in the village and then make his way back to help Gillion. Through the back yards and alleyways they ran. Gertrude could not lose them, and he was starting to tire. Quickly, Gertrude ducked through someone’s laundry they had hanging outside. He had no time to turn and see one of the guards get all tangled up. Gertrude ran through chicken yards and hog pens. He could still hear one of the guard’s footsteps pounding behind him. They sounded as loud as his own heart pounding in his head. 
Gertrude felt himself tiring more. He knew that he was in trouble. He turned onto a main street, and willed himself to try and hop faster. Suddenly he found himself rolling on the cobble with the guard that had been chasing him. The guard had a lot of strength and soon Gertrude found himself fully throttled. The weight of the guard made it hard for him to breathe. What was going to happen….? Before he could finish his thought, the guard seemed to levitate off of him. Gertrude watched as he sailed through the air and hit the cobbles with a bone-jarring thud. The guard quickly picked himself up and ran away. Gertrude turned his head and could not believe his eyes.
“Sir Gertrude, are you alright?” 
Gertrude felt a pair of strong hands pick him up and place him on his wobbly legs. When he saw who it was, he felt angry and quite confused. “Your Highness….?” 
“Gertrude, I have been searching for you. I need to talk to you concerning the raids.” The king’s voice was filled with a sense of urgency.
“Why are your guards kidnapping people in this village?” Gertrude blurted out, anger rising  in his voice.
King Octavius appeared startled by the question. “Guards….What guards?” He asked with a puzzled expression on his face.
“You just lifted one of your guards off of me. They started chasing me because I came across two of them kidnapping one of our committee members.” A look of exasperation came across his face. “I have to go back to Gillion’s house and untie him.” Gertrude started hopping as quickly as possible. The king’s horse appeared beside him.
“Grab a hold of my hand, Sir Gertrude, and we will both go to your friend’s house.”
Octavius’ hand appeared in front of Gertrude’s face. Gertrude shook his head in disbelief. He grabbed the king’s hand and was lifted up onto the saddle behind the king. They took off at a gallop. Gertrude uttered directions. Soon they were in front of Gillion’s house. King and troll jumped off the horse. In the back of the wagon they found Gillion along with two other committee members. “Gertrude, Are these trolls important members of your village?” Octavius asked as he untied one of the trolls.
“These three trolls are committee members. They make up a part of our governing council.” Gertrude released the gag from Gillion’s mouth.
“Cough, cough..” Gillion gasped as he was freed. His temper was boiling, and he let loose with some not so nice ‘troll slang’. He aimed his anger directly at the king... “You have the nerve to come and pretend to help us when it is your very own guards that have done this to us! Your father would be ashamed of you…”
Octavius looked at the old troll. “Did you know my father?” The king halted in mid-sentence for a split second. “Your name wouldn’t be ‘Gillion of the Rock’?”  Octavius and Gertrude untied the other two trolls.
Gillion smiled. “Aye, that is my name. I knew your father well. We were friends, but not as close as Gertrude’s father and your father.” The look on Octavius’ face appeared as if he had been struck by lightning. The king looked upon Gertrude with astonishment.
 The King’s gaze actually was making Gertrude feel uneasy. “Your Highness, are you all right?”
Octavius shook his head with disbelief. “Gertrude, was your father’s name ‘Sebastian of Tinker Hollow’?”
Gertrude nodded. “Yes, that was his name.”
King Octavius bowed to Gertrude. He was overwhelmed at the information he had just heard. He spoke with awe and reverence. “Gertrude, my father told me about your father’s heroism in the last Troll Wars. My father spoke highly of him, how he could shoot an arrow through a keyhole, about the first time they met in battle and  how they dueled to the point of exhaustion. The times they met in the rose… Gertrude, you and my daughter have become friends. This is truly fate. Gertrude, if it had not been for your father’s bravery and selflessness, I would have grown up without a father. It was Sebastian of Tinker Hollow that took the sword meant for my father.” There were tears welling up in the king’s eyes.
Gillion smiled. He turned to Gertrude. “Your father, Sebastian, was a brave man, and you are meant to follow in his path.”
In those few moments, Gertrude found out more about his father than in all of the stories his mother had told him. He was just as stunned at how fate had brought the two families together once again. “Your Highness…”
“Please call me Octavius, Sir Gertrude. Our families, though different, are of the same blood. I recognize you as my friend.” Octavius smiled.
“Your…er…Octavius, why were your guards rounding up our committee members?” Gertrude asked.  All four of the trolls turned their attention to the monarch.
“Those men were not members of my guard. My Commander of the Guard and his troops are over there, to the north.” Octavius pointed in the direction. “I did not recognize the man I pulled off of Gertrude. However, I cannot deny that he was wearing the uniform of my guards. I know each and every man under my command, and I assure you they were not in my service.”
Quince, one of the other trolls, agreed with the king. “When those two guards grabbed me, I am positive that I overheard one of them say that they had stolen the uniforms. This was done to stir up more trouble.”
“I don’t think they were the king’s guard, either, as they were wearing pigskin shoes. Do you not fit your men with boots, your Highness?” Haiden, the other troll, asked the king. 
Octavius looked at all four trolls. “My men are all fitted with leather boots.  In fact, they are made by one of your fellow trolls, Mellen the cobbler. He has made the boots for my men since before my time. Gertrude, I came looking for you tonight hoping that we could talk. I have some questions concerning the raids.”
Gertrude looked thoughtfully at Octavius. “I also have questions for you, Sire. There is trouble brewing. Is the trouble being caused by trolls, humans, or both? We need to find out.”  Gertrude looked hard at Octavius, looking for some sign of uneasiness. The King seemed just as much in a quandary as to what was going on as everyone else. “We shall go to my house and talk this over, if this is acceptable to you.”
Octavius looked at the other trolls. “Are your fellow trolls coming also, Gertrude?”
Gillion answered the question even before Gertrude could open his mouth. “Nay, we shall not be coming. We have some talking to do ourselves. I must also decide whether or not to call an emergency meeting of the committee for tomorrow. Besides, I am exhausted by all of the excitement tonight. The three of us shall bid the two of you a good night.” Gillion turned to head into his house with Quince and Haiden tagging alongside him. He stopped abruptly and turned. “Thank you both for saving us all from an unknown fate. I can only speak for myself, but I will always be deeply indebted to both of you.” The other two trolls nodded in agreement. They all turned and disappeared into Gillion’s house.
Octavius tied the reins of his horse to the back of the cart. “Come, Gertrude. I am in need of some blog.” Octavius climbed into the seat of the cart and took the reins. Gertrude climbed up and sat in the seat next to him. “I shall need directions again, my friend. Your village has more twists and turns than a meandering stream.” The king chuckled.
Gertrude smiled. “I would rather walk through the twisting and turning streets than walk up and down all those darn stairs in the castle.” He laughed and so did Octavius.
The odd pair soon found themselves at Gertrude’s hovel. Human and troll climbed down from their perch. 

*

Winifred and Derry met them at the door. “Gertrude, you are late for supper. You were about to go hungry. Derry and I were eyeing up the last two pieces of oven-browned squab. A few more minutes and you would have been sucking on bare pigeon bones!.” Winifred then noticed the king. “Gertrude, it is a good thing that I did extra baking today or our company surely would have starved! Your Highness, please come in and take a chair.”
“Madam Winifred, if I took your chair, I am afraid that would be stealing. Now I ask, what kind of a king would that make me?” Octavius smiled a broad smile.
Winifred gushed and turned a darker green. “Both of you please do come in and wash up and take… I mean, sit down. Derry, would you please get some more blog ready?”
The two ladies set themselves to the chores at hand. Before Octavius and Gertrude even sat down, the table was laden with a feast.
The foursome sat down at the table. Octavius looked uncomfortable. His large figure on the small chair was a comical sight to see. Octavius tried to slide one of his long legs under the table. The table lurched and a couple of mugs fell to the floor.
“I am so sorry for being so clumsy tonight.” This time Octavius blushed, and everyone laughed.
Derry poured all of them a steaming hot mug of blog. She looked at Winifred. “It appears as if we went to all this trouble for nothing, Winifred. I guess we will have to eat the squab after all.” The two ladies watched as the king and Gertrude filled their plates.
Gertrude watched the king filling his plate. “Octavius……”
Gertrude, mind your manners. This man is our king. Surely you do not call him by his first name!”
“It is quite alright, Madam Winifred. I gave him permission to call me by name. Now would you please tell me some of the names of these delectable looking food items on the table?”
Winifred started to tell Octavius what he was about to consume. “Now this is oven-roasted pigeon, and this is…” She pointed to a dish that looked like spaghetti.
“Mother, I am sure Octavius and I have more urgent things to talk about, other than food.” Gertrude watched the king gingerly place food upon his plate. He held his breath as a not quite cooked beetle scampered from the main dish and regained his freedom.
Octavius took a bite of the food. “Madam Winifred, this is absolutely delicious! You must give this recipe to my cook. This dish has such a lively taste, and I love the crunchiness, too.”
Gertrude smiled, his eyebrows raised. “I am sorry yo…, I mean Octavius, but that is an old family recipe and my mother can not reveal it to anyone.”
Winifred scowled at her son. “Nonsense, every……”
“Everyone in the kingdom would want the recipe, once it was made public.” Gertrude quickly interjected.
Derry was sitting there sipping her blog. She understood what Gertrude was trying to do. “Winifred, Gertrude is right. I am sure the king would be satisfied with another invitation when you make the dish again.”
Octavius smiled. “Your hospitality is very much appreciated, Madam Winifred.”
“Octavius, you said that you had some questions for me.” Gertrude took a quick slurp of his blog. ”I have some questions for you also.”
“I am a guest in your house. I will answer any question you ask. If I do not know the answer to the question, I will tell you truthfully.” Octavius looked directly at Gertrude and then to each lady.
Gertrude acknowledged Octavius. “I will do the same. Why do you come to me for answers to your questions? With all of your guards and dealings with trolls, you probably know more of what is going on in our village than we do.” 
“It is true that I know a lot about what happens here in your village. However, I do not know everything. Something sinister and deadly is lurking in my kingdom. I must find out what or who is responsible and destroy it before it destroys the land that I have promised to protect with my own blood.”
Gertrude was silent. He took a bite of food. He was not only digesting his meal. He was also trying to digest what the king was saying. “Today I went looking for some answers to some problems that have been plaguing my sleep. I went to my aunt and uncle’s house and found it empty. My aunt is a seamstress, and it is odd that she would not be working the treadle or sewing. I also have not seen my cousins, her sons, in at least two days’ passing. Munion, the cobbler, told me he had seen them leave earlier in the day with a human.” Gertrude paused, looking for a reaction from Octavius. He took another slurp of his blog. “Munion said that this human looked very unsavory. He said that they had headed up in the direction of the glen. I searched its entire length and found not one trace of them. Oh, and something curious...” Gertrude glanced at his mother and Derry. “Frack was supposedly in their company, carrying his apothecary supplies.”
“Who is this ‘Frack’ fellow?” Octavius asked, with what looked like a beetle’s leg stuck in his teeth.
“Frack is a troll that has been banned from using apothecary. He likes to explode things. His intentions are well placed, but the results are not.” Derry said nonchalantly.
“Do you think he is responsible for some of the fires then?” Octavius looked around the table and noted that all three trolls were shaking their heads ‘no’.
“Frack would never intentionally hurt anyone or anything.” Gertrude was still shaking his head as he spoke. “I believe that Frack was going with my aunt and uncle to give someone aid. I think that somehow the human that was escorting them may have been responsible for Toddy’s near drowning today, though…” Gertrude paused. 
Winifred gasped and Derry dropped her mug of blog down the front of herself. “Mercy! Is Toddy alright?” Winifred asked, with tears welling up in her eyes.
Derry had stood up fast and was drying herself off. “Are you sure she is all right?”
“Yes, she will be fine. Toddy was just very frightened and very cold. Someone saw fit to wrap her in her own nets and toss her into the river. I happened to come to the place where the creek runs into the river. Some splashing caught my eye. I dived into the water and had Toddy on shore a few moments later. She was not breathing, but I was successful in reviving her. We made our way to her mother’s house where we were thankfully warmed by her mother’s care and a good hot fire. Toddy told me that she thought it was both troll and human behind her unexpected swim.”  
“Gertrude, isn’t it odd that a troll would do such a thing to another troll?” Octavius once again looked at the three trolls sitting at the table with him. “My father once told me that you have some code or law stating that if one troll hurts or kills a fellow troll that he is forever banished from any troll village.”
Winifred spoke before Gertrude could clear his mouth of the food he had spooned into it. “That is true. There are always exceptions. If one troll fights another troll for a just reason, the winner of that fight can remain, however the loser is banished.” 
“That sounds a little harsh, to be banished forever. What if the troll that loses is the one who is the righteous one, fighting for good?” Octavius studied Winifred’s face.
“No, our law is very simple in its wording.” Winifred stood up and walked lamely over to a shelf over a small bureau. “These old bones get stiff sitting for a long time.” She reached for the book of laws and codes. She deftly flipped through the well-worn pages as she walked back to the table and sat down. “Let me see…Ah, yes, here it is.” Winifred cleared her voice. “Page twenty-five, paragraph A.” Winifred looked up to see if she had everyone’s attention. “‘Good shall always conquer evil.’ Even if evil prevails, justice will take its course and evil shall die and the righteous will reign.”
Octavius looked at Winifred, and nodded in agreement. “Some very wise trolls must have made that law. I wish our laws were so simple.” Octavius grew quiet for a moment. “If there are humans and trolls responsible for all of this, what is their motive? We have not had any trouble like this since the Troll Wars when your father died, Gertrude.”
Winifred and Derry looked at each other. They both turned to each other and hugged. The mere mention of the Troll Wars sent shivers through them. It brought back the memory of lost spouses. They both started crying.
“I am so sorry to have upset you with my words. I did not mean to dredge up sad recollections of the past.” Octavius offered very apologetically. “Please forgive me for being so uncaring.”
Winifred dabbed her face with a corner of her apron. “No need to apologize. We are just two sentimental, old trolls wishing for something that will never be again.” 
Gertrude and Octavius looked at the two ladies with understanding.
Winifred looked at Gertrude.  “Gertrude, it just crossed this feeble brain….do you think Toggart has anything to do with this…me and Derry being poisoned, Toddy almost drowning? The two events are not a coincidence. Toggart said that we would be sorry.”
“Who is this ‘Toggart’ that you speak of?” Octavius peered at Gertrude through squinting eyes, as if the name sounded familiar.
Gertrude eyed the king. “Toggart was our previous Grand Troll. Last week he was removed as head of the governing committee and Gillion inherited the position, being the senior troll on the committee. We will be having a new election in a short period of time. There are two nominees before the committee.”
“For some reason that name has a place in my memory. However, I cannot bring to mind just where to place it…..”Octavius shook his head with a distorted look of puzzlement running across his face.
Winifred picked up her mug of blog. She had finished her meal. She gazed around at all of the empty plates. “I hope you enjoyed your meal, Octavius. Now we must have desert.”
Gertrude coughed. “”Mother, I do believe that with all of your delicious food that we all have eaten, we surely don’t have room for desert.”
“I thoroughly agree with Gertrude. Everything was satisfying. I believe that if I ate one more bite, I would have to walk home as I would surely break my horse’s back.” Octavius smiled broadly while patting his bulging stomach. “The meal was excellent, Madam Winifred and Madam Derry.”
Gertrude pushed himself away from the table. He stood up and moaned. “I agree with Octavius. ”Gertrude noticed that the king was taking a little closer look at one of the dishes on the table. “Octavius, would you like to join me outside for some fresh air? I find that after overeating, a little cold air helps clear my mind.”
“I believe I will, Gertrude. When you start imagining that your food is moving in the serving dish, it is definitely time for some fresh air.” Octavius stood up and started walking towards the door. He hesitated, looking back at the dish he had been eyeing up. He shook his head as if he were seeing things. “Yes, I do believe I need the fresh air. I could swear I just saw a worm wiggle in the noodle dish.”
Winifred opened her mouth to speak. “You definitely are seeing things, Octavius.” Gertrude said with a chuckle. He gave his mother a disdainful glance. Gertrude followed the king through the door into the brisk evening air. It was getting chillier he noted. “BRRR! I did not think that it was this cold out. The snows of winter will be approaching soon.”
Octavius pulled his cloak around him a little tighter to ward of the chill. “This cold and the winter snows are two things that worry me about these raids going on. These raiders, human or troll, are hitting us where we are most dependent. If we lose all of our food, all of my people shall face a famine; your people will face it right along with ours.”
Gertrude shook his head. “Nay, Octavius, it will not affect us in the same way as it will you. We depend more on the wild things around us. You humans depend on what you can grow or raise. Nature is far more dependable in supplying our needs. I will admit that we do grow vegetables, but we hunt and gather most of our food. We are also not as picky about what we eat.”
“You speak truthfully, Gertrude. If matters worsen, we may have to ask the trolls to teach us what we can harvest from the wild.” Octavius looked out across the river toward the castle looming in the distance. He remained quiet for a few minutes as if contemplating something. He turned and nodded his head to the north. “It appears that the raids continue. The glow of fires tells me that we are going to be in trouble this winter.” Octavius turned to face Gertrude. “I want to thank you and your mother for your…..”
Before he could get another word out of his mouth, the sound of a horse’s whinny and hoof beats echoed in the crisp night air. Andre appeared from the shadows of the narrow roadway. “Sire, we need your direction on what to do next. Whoever is planning these raids is very cunning. Before we reach an area that has been torched, the villains have vanished as if into thin air.”
“The tunnels!” Winifred gasped.
The three had not heard Winifred and Derry come outside. They turned and echoed each other. “Tunnels?”
“Yes, tunnels. I had forgotten about them completely. When I was a child, I would explore the hills, looking for fun things to do. One day, up by the ancient willow in the glen, I noticed a squirrel disappear behind a rock. I did not think anything of it until I had turned around and saw him scamper from underneath a boulder some distance away. I knew it was the same squirrel because it had part of his left ear missing. I went over to the place where he had disappeared and moved some overgrown vines to find a tunnel. I did not enter as it was dark, and was afraid what might lurk in its depths. I went home and told Derry. The very next day we had an adventure. With candles in hand and extra ones in our aprons, we ventured into the cave. We went as far as a fork in the tunnel. We turned around and started walking back, not wishing to get lost. We were almost to the shaft’s opening when our candlelight illuminated another tunnel. We were exploring, so we both agreed to search the new tunnel. This tunnel turned out to be very short and brought us up to ground level where I had seen the squirrel appear the day before.”
Octavius interrupted Winifred. “Did you explore the caverns anymore?”
Winifred smiled. “Yes, we explored the tunnels extensively. Some of the tunnels twist and turn, while others are straight. We found many opening to the light. I think some of the tunnels even went up by the castle, as we discovered mortared stone. In fact, curiously, one tunnel ended at a stone wall, itself. There seemed no way to penetrate it, either. Every other tunnel we explored had an entrance and an exit. The tunnels extend well out into the farmlands of your kingdoms. They are a quick way to cover ground as they go below the hills and rivers.” She set her gaze on Octavius, then Andre. “I think I know what you are thinking: Some of these tunnels could be used by humans, but some of the tunnels narrow quickly and only a troll would be able to navigate through them.”
“Mother, why did you not tell me of these tunnels before?” Gertrude looked a little bewildered.
“As I have said before, I forgot all about them until the king’s commander mentioned the fact that these evil trolls or people seemed to vanish into thin air.”
Octavius turned to Andre. “Regroup your men in the fields and set the other platoons in your command to search for these caves or tunnels. We must set a trap for these ‘scurrying vermin’ before they wreak more havoc in the kingdom.” Octavius grabbed for the reigns of his horse. “We must be off. Thank you for your help.” The king and Andre mounted their steeds and galloped off into the dark streets.
Derry who had been silent turned and looked at Winifred. “Winifred, why did you tell them about the tunnels? They were supposed to be kept a secret. We had promised that we would not reveal them to anyone else.” Derry was almost to the verge of crying.
“We are not children anymore. That phase of our life ended many, many years ago. We are too old to be playing games. Someone else knows about the caves and they are using them to destroy our way of life, and the kingdom we call home.” Winifred’s voice echoed with strong determination. She sighed deeply. Tears welled up in her eyes and her voice cracked as she continued to speak. “The tunnels were our playground, and every day became an adventure. I remember well the day our adventure ended. We had stayed out too long, well past dark. We did not know that our parents had become alarmed and had set the whole village out looking for us. Remember, Derry? We were just coming out of the tunnels when old Heath of the Willow spotted our candle flame. Our secret was broken at that time.” Winifred dabbed at her eyes with the corner of her apron.
“Yes, I remember everything. I remember my sore bottom and the lecture I got from my father. I remember my mother’s tears of joy when we were found. I remember the promise of never entering the tunnels again. I know that most of the older trolls know of the tunnels, but now another generation will have knowledge of them….but worst of all, now humans know about them.” Derry pulled up a corner of her apron and blew her nose, she grabbed the other corner of the white piece of cloth and dabbed her wet eyes.
“Humans already know about them, and they are not nice humans. I merely balanced the scale of justice.” Winifred had regained her composure. She walked the few steps to Derry’s side and embraced her. Now both ladies started to cry again.
“The secret is out, and tomorrow I am going to go exploring.” Gertrude watched the two ladies as they turned to face him. Their brows wrinkled as they peered at him through tear-swollen eyes.
“You are a grown troll and I can no longer tell you what to do. However, I can ask you not to go. It is far too dangerous to go through the tunnels alone.” Winifred choked back more tears.
Gertrude nodded with understanding. “I will be careful tomorrow. I promise.”
Derry and Winifred turned and headed back into the house to clean up. Gertrude stayed outside, letting the tireless cold wind whip at his face. Deep down in his heart he knew... he just knew who was behind part of this whole mess that was going on. Toggart somehow had his malicious hands tangled with someone else’s filthy hands. Gertrude knew that Toggart was a shrewd troll, but he never heard anyone call him ‘smart’. Someone was the mastermind, but whom? Gertrude went inside. The ladies were finishing cleaning up. “Goodnight, Mother, Derry.” He walked over and gave his mother a kiss on her cheek and gave Derry a hug and ambled into his bedroom. Gertrude donned his nightclothes and crawled into bed. It seemed as if he had just fallen off to sleep when a loud pounding sounded, jolting him awake. With a hatchet in hand and at the ready, Gertrude threw open the door. The suns rays rising over the castle blinded him temporarily.
“Are you going to just stand there, or are you going to ask me in?” 
It was a woman’s voice. Gertrude dropped the ax to his side. “Well, I must say, you look quite handsome in your nightshirt.” Norman stepped through the doorway, as Gertrude closed the door behind her. “Good morning, Winifred.” Norman had noticed her tiny figure walking out into the room.
“Good morning, Princess. What brings you down here as the cock is crowing?” Winifred yawned and stretched.
Norman looked at the sleepy pair and laughed. “I am out for an adventure. I overheard my father talking to my mother last night as I passed their bedchamber. He mentioned some tunnels. I just knew that Gertrude would want to explore them today. So I am ready to accompany him.”  
Gertrude mocked surprise. “Tunnels….what tunnels are you talking about?”
“Sir Gertrude, you are not going to get rid of me so easy! I heard my father distinctly say that Winifred had told him about some old tunnels.”
“Yes, there are tunnels, but you shall never see the inside of them!” Gertrude shot his mother a ‘help me here’ look.
Winifred took the not so subtle clue. “Norman, the tunnels are a dangerous place. It would be very easy for someone to get lost once in the twisting, undulating passages. Why I remember wh…..”
“I am going with Gertrude, and nothing you say can change my mind!” Norman crossed her arms and planted herself down on one of the small chairs. She had forgotten how much smaller the chairs really were and toppled backward.
Gertrude chuckled. “I am sure glad that I have someone going with me that is steady on their feet.” He walked over to help Norman up. “Are you all right?”
“Just my pride is hurt...” Norman said as she rubbed a sore spot on her backside.
“You two are not leaving this hovel without a decent breakfast. Gertrude, go wash up and get ready and I will get things cooking. Norman, Dear, you can wash over at the pitcher and bowl over there.” Winifred pointed over in the corner to a small stand.
“Winifred, how old were you when you discovered the tunnels?” Norman splashed some water onto her hands and dried them on the small towel hanging on the stand.
Winifred stopped in the middle of what she was doing, gazing thoughtfully at Norman. “I can’t quite recall, my Dear. I know that I was still young enough to be taken over my father’s knee and get spanked. I had trouble sitting down on anything without a pillow under my behind for a whole week. I never went near one of the tunnels again. I had to promise my parents, and a troll is never allowed to break a promise.”
Gertrude came back into the kitchen, looking more awake. He walked over to the stove near his mother and picked up the hot pot of blog. The mugs were already on the table. He took a couple of steps to the table and filled each mug. “I promise that we will be cautious, Mother. I have a princess to look after now.” Gertrude shot a quick glance at Norman.
“I will probably have to look out for you. I have heard from reliable sources that male trolls have trouble seeing anything over four feet high.” Norman said nonchalantly with one of her smiles.
Winifred almost lost the mouthful of blog in her mouth. “No…no, my Dear, you have it all wrong!  Male trolls have trouble seeing anything that needs to be done…”
“No fair! Both of you ladies are ganging up on me.” Gertrude smiled and sat down. He pointed to the other chair for Norman to sit in. “I have heard that humans have a hard time sitting down in chairs.”
“We do not!” Norman started to sit down, but once again misjudged how far down the chair was. The next moment found her lying on her back with her legs splayed out above her.
The threesome started to laugh. They laughed until their sides ached.
Gertrude once again went over and helped Norman up. They all started laughing when she almost missed the chair again.
“My Dear, are you sure you haven’t been hitting the ‘boo-boo juice’ a little too much lately?” Winifred smiled and shook her head in disbelief at the clumsiness of her guest.
“Winifred, what is boo-boo juice?” Norman asked with a chuckle.
Gertrude took over from there. He picked up his cup of blog and took a long drink. Then he started weaving around the room and slurring his words. He took another gulp of his blog and his movements and speech became even more exaggerated. Then he ran into the table and fell back onto the floor pretending to have hurt his head. “Ahhhhhhhh… I fell down and got a boo-boo.”
Winifred and Norman were laughing so hard that Winifred forgot about the bread that she was frying on the stove. “Oh dear, now look what you made me do. Well, breakfast is finally ready. The burnt toast can go to Gertrude.”
They all sat down to eat and were quiet for a few minutes. Norman sat, holding her hot mug of blog, taking sips. “Winifred, you really must tell me what is in this blog. It really is quite good.”
My Dear, it is a very simple recipe, first you…..”
“Mother, we really don’t have time for you two ladies to exchange recipes. We must leave soon if we are to explore those tunnels.” Gertrude was shoveling his food into his mouth as quickly as possible. Some egg yoke dribbled out of the corner of his mouth and drops of blog decorated his beard. 
Winifred glanced over at Gertrude. She then turned to Norman. “I believe my son is storing food in his beard so that he has something to nibble on during our exploration of the tunnels.”
Norman looked at Gertrude and chuckled. “I believe you are correct, Winifred. Women have to carry their food in their hands, while the men folk carry their food conveniently on their faces.”
Gertrude flashed a fake scowl, and wiped his face while both ladies had a good belly laugh. “We carry our food that way because it is far more enjoyable when we share it with the ladies.”
“How enjoyable is it when you have to share it with other males?”  Norman queried, as a broad grin crossed her beautiful face.
Winifred had taken a mouthful of blog just as Norman had passed her remark to her son. The blog now lay splattered down the wall opposite Winifred. “My dear child, I wish you would warn me not to drink anything. Someone may get an unexpected bath.”
“Mother, Norman and I must get going. Would you please pack us some pork jerky for our travels?”
Winifred nodded. She pushed her self away from the table and wrapped some jerky into a cloth that appeared to be covered in some waxy substance and then placed it in a burlap sack. She walked over and grabbed her coat and wrapped a heavy scarf over her head. “Well, why are you both sitting there? I thought you wanted to get going?”
Gertrude was going to protest, however he noticed the determined look on his mother’s face. He had learned long ago to pick his battles well. This was not the time to do so. He wiped his face and hands once again and got up from the table. “It is still early. We should be able to explore a good portion of the tunnels.”
Norman was putting on a heavy cloak and pulled the hood over her head. The cloak was made of sheep’s wool “I wore this as father doesn’t want me traveling right now due to all of the problems. He is afraid someone will take me hostage.”
Gertrude went over to an old cupboard in the corner of the room and withdrew the cloak and hat Norman had made him. He reached in the cupboard once more and pulled out a long leather bag. He set it upon the table. His arm disappeared inside to retrieve its contents.
Norman’s eyes grew wide as Gertrude revealed his hidden treasure. Gertrude hoisted up a golden sword, the likes of which she had never seen. “Gertrude, that is a beautiful piece of weaponry you have there! May I please see it?” 
With both hands, one on the hilt and one at the blade tip, Gertrude handed the sword over to the princess. “I have never in my lifetime seen such a marvelous blade such as this.”  She raised it in the air. Then, before either Winifred or Gertrude could say anything, she had bounded through the door. Once outside, she wielded the sword as deftly as any man. “I would dare say that I would not want to face the individual bearing this sword in battle.” Norman turned to see Winifred and Gertrude watching her. “Did you fashion this blade, Gertrude?”
“My father did. He was a master craftsman.” Gertrude reached out his hand. “May I please have it back?”
“I am so sorry, Gertrude. Please forgive me for being so forward. I did not mean to offend you, or your mother.”  Norman passed the sword back to Gertrude in the same manner that he had passed it to her.
“That sword was very special to my husband, Sebastian. He worked on many swords before he fashioned this one. He so loved that sword that he even gave it a name. ‘Octem’ he called it, for it was the eighth sword that he had fashioned. One of the sword’s predecessors was given to your grandfather, King Norman. All of the other swords before it were melted back down.” Winifred started to tear up, her voice cracking with emotion.
“I am truly sorry, I meant no disrespect.” Norman was on the verge of tears herself.
“All is forgiven and forgotten, Princess. We should go now. We have spent too much time on the past. The future is the most important thing now.” Winifred said as she regained her composure.
Gertrude put his sword back in its sheath and swung it over his shoulder. They walked quietly through the streets, passing a few trolls out about their business. Some of the trolls offered a greeting, while others were too busy to bother. They soon found themselves up in the glen. Winifred was now leading the way. They came to an outcropping of rocks where the glen ended.
“The entrance is around the other side of this huge boulder, if I remember correctly.” Winifred stopped short in her tracks and put her hand out to stop Norman and Gertrude. She put her finger to her lips.  They heard voices. The voices were approaching them. Quickly they dived into some nearby bushes. Three figures approached them. As the figures passed, Winifred had to suppress a gasp. Her sister and brother-in-law went by with a vile-looking human close behind. They stopped and started talking.
“Tell Lemerich that we will return within the week. Thank him again for taking such good care of our injured son.” Phoebe looked at her husband. “We cannot tell anyone that we have been in contact with Toggart. No one would understand.” Phoebe turned to the human. “Thank you again, Modak, for leading us through the tunnels. We can continue by ourselves. We know the way from here.” Phoebe and Farkle watched as Modak disappeared around the rock. “We must get home. I have lost too much time from my work. My customers will be furious with me if I am late with their orders.”  Farkle just nodded to his wife, and they both set off for the village.
Winifred was the first to regain her standing position. She watched the figures of her sister and brother-in-law disappear from view. “What in the name of Kern were they doing with that filthy human?” She turned to Gertrude who had just untangled himself from a grapevine. “Norman, it is all right to come out now. The coast is clear. Norman?” Winifred and Gertrude walked over to where they had plunged into the bushes. “Norman, are you in there,Dear?” Winifred’s voice was showing more and more concern.
From somewhere, they heard Norman’s voice. “I’m down here. I am all right. I fell into a tunnel.”
Gertrude parted the bushes and tore the vines apart. Norman had accidentally found another entrance to the tunnels. Gertrude helped lower his mother down through the hole and then he followed. The darkness overwhelmed them. The glow of a candle illuminated Winifred’s face. The others lit their candles from hers. 
“Are you all right, Princess?” Gertrude inquired, a note of concern in his voice.
“Yes, I am fine. I was almost discovered, though. If it had not been for my dark cloak hiding me against the corner of the tunnel and that weak candle flame, I am sure I would be in a lot of trouble now. The person who passed me headed in that direction.” Norman pointed over her shoulder down into the dark chasm.
Winifred walked out ahead of Gertrude and Norman. “We must keep quiet. We do not know how well this system of tunnels is traveled during the day. I have some memory of where these tunnels begin and leave off, so it is best that you follow me.” The three explorers walked for some time before Winifred came to a halt. “There is a shaft of light up ahead. If my memory serves me correctly, we should be over on the other side of the human village lying to the southeast of the castle. Just one of us should go and check it out to see if there is anyone stationed there. If whoever goes gets captured by the raiders, at least the other two have a chance of making it back to the glen without capture.”
“I will go.” Gertrude did not hesitate to walk towards the entrance. He paused at the opening just inside to let his eyes get accustomed to the brightness of the day. Slowly, he inched his head out. All of his senses seemed to be tingling. There was no sound of human or troll activity and he saw no one. The opening appeared to be by an old chimney of some sort. He ducked back inside and went back for the ladies. “It is clear. I did not see or hear anyone.” Gertrude could feel his pulse racing. He tried to calm himself down. They all cleared the entrance without any problem.
Winifred looked around. “This looks like an abandoned mill or something. Do you know where we are, Norman?”
Norman removed her hood from over her head and looked around. “I believe I do. Yes, I am sure of it.” Norman walked away from Winifred and Gertrude and turned. She pointed northward. “I can see one of the castle’s spires from here. We are at least a two hour’s walk from there.” 
“We are just outside of the human village that surrounds the south side of the castle.” Gertrude said. He motioned for Norman to rejoin them. “Norman, do you believe that my mother and I would be safe if we walked through the village with you?” 
 Norman looked confused. “Why would you want to do that?  I thought we were going to try and find some of the people responsible for the raids?”
“We are. I think that the human that was with my aunt and uncle lives in this section of the village. He is somehow acting as a spy or courier for this ‘Lemerich’. If we point him out to you, maybe you will recognize him. Maybe we can ask around to see if anyone knows of this Modak.”
“We need not do any searching. I know of this poor excuse for a human. He served my father for many years very loyally. Then over a short period of time he seemed to change drastically. He was always drunk on brew and he became very foul-smelling. My father banished him from the castle when the cook found him stealing stores. My father was going to have him put in the dungeon, but he found out that he had four children and a wife to provide for, so he just told him he could no longer enter the castle. You mentioned someone named ‘Lemerich’. Why?”
Winifred looked at the princess. “We are sorry. We forgot that you did not hear the conversation between my relatives and Modak. You had fallen down into the tunnel. My sister referred to Lemerich and asked Modak to convey a message of thanks to him.” Winifred could see anger flaring in Norman’s eyes.
“We shall go and tell my father at once. He shall have this traitor boiled in oil. How dare he repay my father’s kindness in this treasonous manner!” Norman started to turn, when Gertrude grabbed her arm.
“You mustn’t tell your father, Princess. We need Modak to lead us to the encampment where Toggart and the other trolls are hiding. We can put a ‘tail on this donkey’ and catch all the people and trolls responsible for all the terrible things that have been happening.”
“I must tell my father, Gertrude. If I don’t, I will feel as if I am betraying his trust. Besides, Modak does not know that we have figured out that he has been found out. My father has people throughout the village that are loyal to him. He can have these people watch his comings and goings.” Norman looked at Winifred.
“The girl is right, Gertrude. We must tell King Octavius. We do not have any need to hide anything from him.” Winifred looked at her son. She knew that he would not argue the point with her.
“Agreed, but we must tell your father as quickly as possible so he can have someone watch this two-legged vermin. Shall we go through town or the tunnels?” Gertrude asked with hesitation.
Winifred looked at both of them. “It will be safer walking through the village rather than the tunnels.” The three hurriedly walked the cobbled streets towards the castle. A few people recognized the princess and curtsied or bowed, otherwise no one bothered them. 


Chapter Four


They soon found themselves at the main steps to the castle. Up the stairs they went, through the grand door and into the hall. The sight that met them froze them in place. Two trolls and a human were bound and sitting in chairs. The oldest troll was glaring at Octavius. The younger troll appeared to be quite frightened. The man had his head hanging down as if he were asleep. 
Octavius saw his daughter and his two new friends. “Daughter, where have you been? Your mother went looking for you, and found out from a page that you had left early this morning. We were concerned for your safety.” Octavius’ voice sounded stern, but mellowed quickly. “Where have you been?”
“Father, I have been with Gertrude and Winifred. We have found out some information that may be quite helpful. We see that you have had some success last night.” Norman eyed the mangy-looking trolls and the man slouched in his chair.
Octavius glanced at his three undesirable guests. “Andre’s men captured them as they made their way out of the tunnels at the other side of the kingdom. They refuse to speak. Winifred and Gertrude, do you recognize these two trolls? Are they citizens of your village?”
Winifred and Gertrude walked over in front of the scruffy pair. The oldest troll sneered at them through bloodshot eyes. The younger troll seemed to cower lower in his chair.
Winifred shook her head. “These two do not look familiar to me at all. Being a member of our governing committee, I know almost everyone in our village.” She looked at Gertrude. “Have you had any dealings with either of these fine, upstanding trolls?”
With one hand under his chin, he set his gaze upon the oldest one, who had tried to turn his face away. “You, sir, do look familiar to me. I have seen you trading with Quinella of the Clouds in front of her hovel, exchanging mushrooms for her aromatic tallow. ‘Smirch’ is your name, as we were introduced as I passed by.”
The old troll glared at Gertrude and spat at him. “You filthy human-lovers! You will rue the day that you ever cast your eyes upon old Smirch. May all of your ancestors be ashamed of you! May all of your remaining days on the face of this land be cursed!”
“Your words do not affect me, Smirch. I do not set fires and flee into the safety of the night like a coward. I believe in standing face to face with my foes. You call my mother and me ‘human-lovers’. So be it then. Any troll or human that is willing to live in peace and treats me with dignity and respect earns my friendship and love. You, Smirch, are the one who will be cursed, for your soul will walk the ends of the earth searching for something you will never attain. That, sir, is the love from a troll or a human.” Gertrude’s voice was strong and did not falter. 
Winifred gave a disgusted grunt toward the old troll. Her eyes were averted to the younger troll who appeared to have tears welling up in his eyes. “You do not agree with your fellow troll here, do you?” Winifred talked almost in a whisper. “Would you answer some questions for me?” The troll looked at her and nodded. “What name do you go by?”
The troll looked at Winifred through moist eyes. “I am Twiggs of High Mount, of the kingdom of Wellscot.” He cleared his throat a little, and sat a little taller in his chair.
“That means that your father Is Gafton of High Mount and your mother is Lark of High Mount.” Winifred studied the young troll’s face. She could feel the icy stare of the older troll. Winifred turned to Octavius. “Octavius, would you please have your guards remove the older troll and the human to the dungeons where they belong? I would like to talk to Twiggs, alone, by himself.”
The king looked at Winifred questioningly. “Guards, remove the old troll and the human. Place them below in separate cells.”
The old troll screamed at the top of his lungs and started fighting his restraints. “One word, Twiggs...one word about anything and anybody, and you will never see your family alive again! You also will perish, a thousand curses upon your sniveling hide!” One of the guards stuffed the old troll’s mouth with a piece of cloth. The troll’s eyes bulged with anger. He fought against the grasps of the two guards, but he was no match for their combined strength. Soon the guards and their prisoners were out of sight. Everything was quiet.
Winifred sat down next to Twiggs. “Son, you come from an honorable family. Your father fought alongside my husband, Sebastian of Tinker Hollow, in the Great War. If I remove your bindings, do you give your solemn promise on your family’s honor that you will not attempt to escape?”
The young troll looked nervously at Winifred and the others. “Yes...” His voice quivered. “I give my solemn promise.”
Winifred reached over and untied the rope that bound Twiggs’ hands. She looked over at Gertrude who was about to reach for his sword. She shook her head ‘no’ and waved her arm to the side. “Does that feel better, Twiggs?”
Twiggs rubbed his wrists where the ropes had been cutting into his greenish-hued skin. He looked at everyone in the room, then back to Winifred. “Thank you for untying me...”
Winifred looked at Twiggs. “Does your mother still make all of her pickled delicacies? I distinctly remember her pickled eggs. They were well worth the trip to your village even if she only had one crock left of them.” She smiled at the young troll. Winifred was trying to make him feel more at ease.
“Yes, she still makes all of her pickled goods. She still uses the same recipe that has been handed down through the generations. My sister, Meadow, helps her with all of the daily orders now. She will inherit the recipe to hand down to one of her children.” Twiggs sat more upright in the chair.
“I have to ask you some other questions - some of which may be difficult for you to answer. The first question: Who is the human or troll that is in charge?” Winifred furrowed her brow and looked into Twiggs’ eyes.
“I do not understand your question. Smirch is the one who always orders me around. I was told by my parents to do his bidding.”
“Why?” Winifred queried, the furrow above her brow getting deeper.
“A bunch of trolls came to our hovel late one evening, just barged through our door. Smirch was the leader of that group. They took my sister, Meadow, hostage. My father and I tried to stop them, but we were overpowered by the other trolls. My mother tried to help, too….She swings a wicked broom.” Twiggs sighed deeply and looked up at the ceiling, wishing to hide the tears welling up once again in his eyes.
Winifred put a hand on his shoulder to try and give him comfort.
Gertrude could not remain quiet. “Have you ever heard of the name ‘Toggart’ before?”
Twiggs looked down to his hands folded in his lap. He appeared to be concentrating. “No, I can not recollect ever hearing that name before. My father and mother are members of our council and I know everyone in our village. They like to have different trolls over to play ‘Bones and Gizzards’. They love to play that game.” A smile crossed his face momentarily, and then faded like the dying embers in a hearth.
Norman was the next one to ask a question. She had been standing there listening intently with her arms folded across her chest. “This troll, Smirch, did you know him before he burst through the door to your hovel?”
“Yes, of course. He had been our Grand Troll until about a year ago. He was voted out of office after he was caught stealing from another troll. They almost banished him, but my father took pity upon him and let him remain. He is in servitude to the troll he was stealing from. He is an invisible person in our society. After he was removed as head troll, my uncle….”
“Your uncle?” Everyone gasped.
“Yes, he is my mother’s brother. As I was saying, after he was removed as head troll, he took to drink. He always carries a flask of boo-boo juice with him.” 
“My men found this upon his person.” Octavius held up a golden flask and opened it. He took a whiff and shook his head in disbelief. “This stuff I believe could be used to clean and polish silver! Twiggs, why was your father the one who made the decision to do what he did to your uncle?”
Winifred looked towards Octavius. “Because, Twiggs’ father was the most senior member of their governing committee. He then became temporary Grand Troll until elections were held.” 
“My father is Grand Troll.” Twiggs quipped proudly. “He was doing such a good job that no one wanted to run against him. He is well respected in or village.”
Norman walked closer to Twiggs. “Who is the human that was caught with you?”
Twiggs laughed. “I do not know who he is. We were walking through the tunnels and my uncle had to refill his flask. We stopped in a small cavern where he had some of the juice hidden. The human was passed out on the ground next to one of the casks. I had never seen him before our encounter in the tunnel.”
Octavius turned to a guard that was standing in the main doorway. “Go and fetch that man that was brought in with the trolls. Make sure that he is somewhat lucid to answer some questions.”
“Why did Smirch take your sister hostage, Twiggs?” Gertrude addressed the young troll with more understanding in his voice.
“To have leverage with my father.  Since Smirch has my sister hidden away someplace, he has power. He always seems to abuse any power or authority that is given to him. I believe that if my grandmother were still alive, he would sell her into slavery just to obtain power. Look what he is doing to his own family. My mother must be cursing him with every breath she takes. Smirch has my father doing his bidding. Smirch knows that all of the trolls in our village will do anything my father asks.”
Octavius looked at Twiggs, but was distracted by the guard bringing in the drunken man. “Sit him down here in this chair, guard.” 
The drunk belched loudly and weaved toward the chair, with the guard assisting him. The guard looked at the king. “I do not know how much help he will be. Whatever he drank is still having a powerful effect on him.” 
“Thank you, guard. You can retake your post.” The king was the closest to a small table that had a teapot and cups on it. He poured a cup of tea and handed it over to the man. “What name do you go by, peasant?” Octavius looked at him with disgust. “Sir, your odor is indeed foul.” Octavius waved his hand in front of his face to gain fresher air.
“My name? My name…” The human closed his eyes.
Octavius’ patience was growing thin. “Man, I will ask you one more time, what is your name?”
“My name is... He paused for a few seconds. My name is Fredrick Styles of Glennmorley.” He picked up his hand and waved.
“I have had enough of you already, sir!” Octavius picked up a pitcher of cold water and dumped it over the drunk’s head. “Maybe this will clear some of that boo whatever juice out of your head!”
Fredrick stood straight up with a start. “Glory be! Why did you have to do that?” He sputtered water and peered at Octavius through squinted eyes. You remind me of my king, Octavius.  Jolly good king is he. I think I need more to drink.” 
Everyone was smiling at Fredrick’s lack of demeanor. Norman giggled because she knew her father was about to lose his calm.
Octavius placed his hands on Fredrick’s shoulders and sat him down in his chair. “I am your King, you drunken swine!  Start answering some questions or I will have the guard throw you in the dungeon again and let you rot!”
Fredrick was quiet as if his he were trying to comprehend what Octavius was saying to him. He gazed upward at the candle-lit chandelier and then at the group of people and trolls that were watching him. Suddenly, a spark of intelligence seemed to enter his overly intoxicated brain. “Where am I?”
Winifred looked at Fredrick. “How much of that brew did you have when you found the kegs in the tunnel?”
“I really can’t remember…OOOOhhhhhhh my head is really starting to hurt.” Fredrick held his head with both hands.
“Did you have anything to do with the raids?” Octavius gave him a suspicious look.
“No…no!  My farm was one of the first ones raided. I lost my entire crop. I have no idea where my wife and children are. I was out looking for them when the ground gave beneath me, and I found myself in a tunnel.  I couldn’t climb out so I had to feel my way. I walked into something on the floor. I found a small cask, pulled the cork and took a whiff. The stuff smelled good so I drank fully. I do not remember anything until now.”
“I think he is telling the truth.” Gertrude looked at Octavius and then at the others.
“Very well, guard, take this man to the apothecary and see that he gets treated. Then tell the commander that I wish to have a guard go with this man to help him find his family. Oh, and take him to the kitchen and see that he is fed.”
Fredrick got up on unsteady feet. “Thank you, Your Highness.” Fredrick and the guard made their leave.
Once again attention was turned to Twiggs. Winifred turned toward him. “Twiggs, Do you know why the raids are taking place?”
“All I know is what I heard from conversations within earshot of where I was standing. One thing in particular stood out. I do not know if I heard it correctly.” Twiggs looked at Octavius. “They said something about combining the two kingdoms into one. Once again, I do not know if I overheard them correctly.”
Octavius looked at Twiggs. His face tightened and you could see his jaw muscles twitching. “What two kingdoms would be joined?”
“I am sorry, your Majesty, but I do not know.” Twiggs squirmed a little in his chair and turned to Winifred. “I will help in any way possible. The trolls of my village are not bad people.”
Octavius had turned away from the group, apparently deep in thought. “Sir Twiggs, are you a troll of your word?”
Twiggs looked at Octavius, stood up in front of the chair and put both hands over his heart.” I am a troll of my word. I swear it on my family’s honor.”
Winifred nodded and smiled.
“Good. Then I have a pact that I would like to make with you. I would like you to go back to your village and act as if nothing has changed. Keep doing the job you have been given by Smirch. If anyone asks where he is, you do not know. I will contrive of a way of communicating with you. In return for your help, I promise to extract from Smirch the whereabouts of your sister, Meadow. Do we have a pact, Sir Twiggs?”
Twiggs walked over to Octavius and bowed, extended his right hand and shook Octavius’ hand. “We have a pact, your Highness.”
“You are free to leave, my good troll. I shall have someone contact you. My guards shall see you out of the kingdom.”
“Thank you, your Highness, but I do not wish to be seen with one of your guards.  It would appear suspicious.” Twiggs did not wait for a reply. He bowed towards the rest of the group in the room. “By your leave.” He walked out of the grand hall and the great door closed with a loud thud.
Norman looked at her father. “We have some news for you, Father. We have found a traitor in our kingdom. Modak is helping the raiders in some manner.”
“How do you know that Modak is a traitor?” Octavius looked questioningly at Norman.
“Gertrude, Winifred and I were on our way to explore the tunnels when we had a chance encounter with Modak. He was accompanying Winifred’s sister and her sister’s husband through the tunnels. They spoke of their son and of a person or troll named Lemerich.”  
Octavius shook his head as in disbelief.  “I did not think Modak was capable of betrayal. After I banished him from the castle, I made sure his wife and children had food and clothing and a place of shelter. I will go to Modak myself and find out whom his loyalties lie with.”
Gertrude, who had been standing quietly next to Norman, shook his head in disagreement. “Octavius, would it not be better to have this rat followed to see where he leads us? We know that he is helping these perpetrators in some manner.” 
“You might be right, Gertrude. It is very hard for me to think of a former confidant to be a traitor.” 
“Whoever is behind all of this is pretty sneaky. He seems to know what is going on in both kingdoms. He has managed to stir up trouble with the humans, making them more suspicious of the trolls. He has also raised questions amongst the trolls whether the humans can be trusted. This Lemerich is just a ‘link in a rusty chain’. We have to find out who is the ‘anchor’ at the end of the chain. We also must be prudent not to divulge any actions we want to take to anyone else other than the people here in this room with two exceptions: The Queen and Andre.”
“I must take my leave; I have lost a whole day of my baking.” Winifred stood up and moaned. “These old bones are really talking to me tonight. I believe that we are in for some nasty weather.”
“I will be home after I talk to Aunt Phoebe and Uncle Farkle. I want to know why they were with this human, Modak.” Gertrude looked at his mother.
“Well, if you are going to do that, I will have to let my baking go until later. I have some questions for my dear sister.” Winifred put on her coat and hat. “What are you waiting for, son? The night is getting shorter.”
“I have some questions for my daughter.” Octavius looked at Norman with a stern expression. “I would like to know why she considers exploring tunnels safe.”  Norman did not look at her father. She averted her gaze to Gertrude and winked.
“Well, we should go then.” Gertrude donned his hat and cloak. “Good night, Norman and Octavius.”
“Goodnight, Octavius, Princess.” Winifred nodded to both, turned and walked towards the main door with Gertrude walking behind her.


Chapter Five


The two trolls were met with a frigid, howling wind. Blowing snow was already drifting along the lane leading down to the troll village. Gertrude soon found himself breaking a trail through huge drifts so that his mother was able to pass. The walk seemed long and arduous. 
Soon, they found themselves in front of the dark cottage of their relatives. Gertrude looked up at the chimney. There was no smoke belching forth from its uppermost point. Where would they be on a bone-chilling night such as this? Winifred tapped her hand on Gertrude’s shoulder, and motioned that they should be going home. They trudged through the streets to the edge of the river to their hovel. Candlelight danced in the window and there was smoke rising from a fire in the hearth. Gertrude barged through the door first, a hand upon his sword. Winifred followed, picking her broom up from next to the door inside.
“Where have the two of you been?” Derry’s face showed lines of concern. “Have the two of you no better sense to be out on a night like this. I noticed when this storm blew in that your windows were dark and that there was no fire lit.” She went over and helped Winifred off with her coat, then walked over and poured them both a hot mug of blog. “Sit by the fire. I have the chairs waiting.” 
“We thought that someone was waiting in ambush when we saw the candle burning.” Winifred chattered. Her bones had been right about the storm. The warm fire and the hot blog were most welcome. “Thank you, friend, for thinking of us.”
“Yes, thank you, Derry. Just knowing that we have a friend and neighbor who cares would warm anyone’s heart on a cold night such as this.” Gertrude smiled broadly, holding his mug of blog with both hands to warm them.
Derry blushed. “Gertrude, you sure do have a way with words. It amazes me that some doe has not wrapped you up in a wedding blanket yet. I was talking to Toddy earlier…now there is a doe worth having.”
Gertrude shifted nervously in his chair. Winifred looked at Derry and they could not contain their laughter. They laughed until tears poured from their eyes. He just sat there quietly while the ladies laughed. He liked Toddy a lot. Sometimes he felt very uncomfortable around Toddy. Then, again, there were other times when he felt like a young troll when he was close to her. He looked at his mother and then Derry and shook his head. Then he started laughing, too.
The three friends sat in front of the fire, watching the embers dance in the downdraft. The wind howled a shrill, whining song that made the hovel’s beams shake and shiver as snow pounded against the window panes as if desperate to enter and hide from the winds’ fury. 
Winifred grunted as she arose from her cozy seat by the fire, now being thoroughly warmed.  She picked up a small set of tongs and placed a few of the glowing embers in the small scuttle next to the hearth and then ambled over to the oven and placed the embers inside. Gertrude had placed logs in it the night before. Soon the oven was throwing off heat, too. 
“I must do some baking tonight for I am way behind. I will lose customers if they come knocking tomorrow and I do not have the goods to trade and sell.” She lifted her large mixing bowls onto the table. “Gertrude, would you please fetch me some more cattail flour? I did not think that I had used the entire last batch of flour, but there is none here in my bin.” She lifted the cover to the bin of beet sugar. “Oh my! I must be getting senile. I could swear that there was sugar in here. I guess I will need a sack of beet sugar also.” 
Gertrude got up from his chair and went over to the entrance to the root cellar. Something seemed odd. There was a small pile of flour by one corner of the door. He hoisted the door and, with a candle to light his way, he entered. His head reappeared as quickly as it had disappeared. “We have been robbed!  Someone has taken all of our stores. Everything is gone! There isn’t enough left down there to feed a cockroach.”
“Gertrude, this is no time to be teasing me! Please do as I have asked.” Winifred turned and looked at her son and then at Derry. The look on Gertrude’s face made her realize that he was telling the truth.
Derry was as white as she could be and started crying. “I am so stupid! How could I just watch them steal all of your foodstuffs? Earlier today I noticed some trolls going in and out of your hovel. I thought you were home because I had seen smoke from your flue. I thought …” Derry sobbed. “How could I let them do this?!”
Gertrude and Winifred both walked over to her and sat her down. Winifred started bawling, too. “It is all right, my friend. I would have done the same thing. Anyways… who would ever think that another troll would steal from a brother troll?!”
Gertrude watched the two ladies holding each other. “Derry, How long have you been here?”
Derry looked up at Gertrude through tear-swollen eyes. “I came over here right after dark fell. The trolls that were here earlier had left shortly before.” Realization crossed Derry’s face. “No... Nooooooo!  How could I let them do this? I should be thrown out of the village. I have disgraced my family! I must go home and check out my stores. Gertrude please tell feebl- minded me that they did not steal my stores.”
Winifred held tight to Derry. “I believe that is what Gertrude is telling you. They may have been stealing stores from any hovel that was….” Winifred was interrupted by a loud knocking. The latch raised from its restraint. ‘Bang!’  The door flew open and the wind pushed what appeared to be a snow-troll through the door.

Gertrude rushed over and threw all of his weight against the door, closing it with great difficulty. He was covered completely with snow when he turned back around. “Mother, help me here. Derry, some hot blog, please.” Gertrude started pulling off the troll’s scarf and hat, brushing off the snow as he went. 
Winifred unbuttoned the troll’s coat and started pulling it off of the half-frozen figure. She gasped… “Father!” It was indeed Grump. 
They rushed him over to the fire and started warming his hands in theirs. Grump was speechless and had a scary, faraway look in his eyes. Gertrude yanked off his boots and placed a warmed blanket around his feet. Derry got up and brought over some hot blog and started to make him drink.
“What in the name of Kern, Father, were you doing out on a night like this?” Winifred’s eyes, already swollen from crying with Derry, welled up with fresh tears. She looked at Gertrude as if he would know the answer.
Gertrude shrugged his shoulders and brought over a quilt he retrieved from a nearby cupboard. “Grump may not have all of his gold in one bag, but I don’t think he walked here in this blizzard because he wanted a cookie.”
“A cookie?  Did I hear someone mention a cookie?” There was a little life glowing in Grump’s eyes.
Winifred hugged her father and sobbed. “You old troll, what in the name of Kern are you out and about on a night like this for? Here, drink some more of this.” Winifred forced Grump to take another swallow of the hot blog.
“Cough! Cough! What in tarnation are you trying to do to me, child? Drown me?” Grump pushed his daughter’s hand away. “Why are you three looking at me that way? What are you doing over here in my house when you should be home baking? I want that cookie someone mentioned. I’m hungry.”
Winifred looked at her father and shook her head, throwing her arms up in the air with exasperation.  “Father, you are at my house. Why did you walk here in this blizzard?”
“You sure do ask a lot of questions for a young troll.” Grump paused a moment as if a strand of sanity had finally found the knitting needles in his head and they were creating a lucid thought in his moth-eaten brain. “Those trolls just waltzed into my house and took all of my food. I thought that they were staying to make me some supper, but they took everything with them. Darn young grasshoppers have no respect any more! They could have at least invited me to go with them….Someone mentioned a cookie. A whole plate would be better…” 
Winifred walked over to a container hidden behind some blankets and spirited out a handful of cookies. “Here, Father, I made these just for you.” Winifred handed him the plate and watched a child-like expression light up her father’s face.
“These are mighty fine cookies.” Grump shoved one whole cookie into his mouth. “Dees cohhoookies ahr hust wike dah wuns mhy dutter mucks.” He spit cookie crumbs out as he spoke.
The stress of the evening finally took its toll on Winifred, Derry and Gertrude. They laughed and laughed until their sides ached. Winifred had to sit down as she was having trouble catching her breath.
Gertrude was the one to regain his composure first. He wiped the frost from a nearby window and peeked through the opening to the snowy world outside. “Derry, it is not safe for you to go home tonight. You will stay here and take my bed. Grump can sleep on the bench with some blankets. I will sleep in front of the door to keep Grump from escaping.”
She was still out of breath from laughing so hard. Derry bid everyone a good night as she ambled to Gertrude’s room. Winifred made a bed up for Grump in the corner and made him lie down so she could cover him up. She bent down and kissed him on his forehead.
“Good night, Florah, my sweet.” Grump whispered
“Good night, old troll.” Winifred whispered back. “I love you.” Winifred wiped the tears from her eyes and headed for her room. She shook her head, looked up at the ceiling as if it were open sky and uttered, “Goodnight, my Love. Good night, Gertrude.”
“Good night, Mother.” Gertrude busied himself with making a bed for his weary body in front of the door. He crawled in beneath the covers. His mind kept playing over the day’s events. Tomorrow promised to be a long day. A fitful sleep finally caught up with his racing mind.

*

It had been a quiet evening in the castle. There had been no reports of raids. The storm had buried the kingdom under a foot of white, fluffy snow. Norman awoke, smiling as she thought about the speech her father had given her about roaming the tunnels. He had reminded her of all the terrible things that could befall her. She finally promised him not to venture into the tunnels alone. Her father had been tired enough that he did not catch the ‘alone’ at the end of their conversation. 
Today promised to be a boring day. Norman and Queen Emmaline were going to start going over the plans for her upcoming birthday ball. She had met her three prospective husbands four or five years previous. She did not care for any of them. One was a pompous idiot. One was arrogant and vain. The other prince was….she remembered his brown hair and blue eyes. His body, though youthful, displayed strong muscles. She shook her head. He would probably be cruel and ugly by now. 
She dressed and went downstairs to breakfast. As she entered the great hall, she was greeted by her mother. Standing next to her was a short, portly woman only as tall as her mother’s shoulders. It was Annah, the kingdom’s best seamstress. Much to Norman’s surprise, an elderly troll stood next to her mother on her other side. She reminded Norman of Winifred. Her hair was a little grayer and her skin a bit more wrinkled. She wondered if they were related. 
“Good morning, Daughter. You know Annah, and this is Lady Phoebe. She will be aiding Annah in the making of our gowns for the ball.” The queen was all smiles. Norman could tell that her mother was getting excited about the upcoming event. “We have picked out some material, Norman, and we need to know what you think of it. Annah has been kind enough to do some drawings of dresses for us. One of the dresses will look lovely on you.”
Norman looked at the matronly troll. “Please forgive me for being so forward, Lady Phoebe. Are you related to Winifred of Tinker Hollow?”
At first Phoebe looked very uncomfortable. She smiled. “Yes, Winifred is my younger sister. She is the best baker in the kingdom. Her worm cookies are delectable!”
The queen and Annah raised their eyebrows. Emmaline had a quizzical look on her face. “Excuse me, Lady Phoebe, but did I hear you correctly say ‘worm cookies’?”
Norman started laughing. “You have the same sense of humor as your nephew, Gertrude.” Then the other ladies laughed, too, all except Phoebe who had a confused look on her face.
“We will meet you in the small annex room to the left of the foyer when you are finished with your breakfast.” Emmaline turned and headed to the other room with the two ladies scurrying behind her.
Norman sighed as she watched the three ladies depart. She wished that she could forget all about her birthday. She walked over to the table where a pot of steaming tea awaited. Some cakes and tarts sat on a silver plate. She grabbed a tart and strolled to the kitchen where she found Harriet down on her hands and knees retrieving something from the floor. She hadn’t noticed Norman entering the room. “Good morning, Lady Harriet.”
Norman startled Harriet. She stood up too quickly, banging her head on an opened drawer above her head. “Ouch!” Harriet grabbed her rolling pin and turned quickly. “Daughter, how man… “ she paused when she saw that it was the princess and lowered her weapon. “I am sorry, Princess. I did not know it was you. I was distracted. I have been suffering from a bad case of ‘pickups’ this morning.”
“Don’t you mean hiccups, Lady Harriet?” Norman queried, with a confused look on her face.
“No, dear girl, I really am suffering from the pickups. All morning long I have been dropping things, and it has turned into a bad case of the pickups. The symptoms range from sore knees to sore backs.” She reached for the crown of her head to feel the knot growing there. “You can also add headaches to that list of symptoms.” Harriet smiled wanly.
Norman chuckled. “I am so sorry that you suffer from such a strange malady.”  She walked over towards Harriet to see what she had been trying to pick up. “Oh my, I guess you really did drop a few things.” Norman went to her knees. “Come on, Harriet, the quicker we get this mess cleaned up the sooner I can savor one of your fantastic breakfasts.” Soon the floor was clean and Norman had her meal in front of her.
Harriet sat down across from her with a cup of tea. “Did you hear about all of the stores spirited away last night down in the troll village? It seems that several groups of trolls broke into a good majority of the homes and stole their winter larders.”
Norman’s eyes grew wide. She had just stuffed a sausage into her mouth and could not speak.
“I guess one old troll nearly perished in the storm.” Harriet shook her head in disbelief.
Norman finally cleared her mouth. “How did you come by this knowledge, Harriet?”
“The old troll, Grunk of the Heathers, was going to deliver some more eggs this morning. He came by to tell me that there would be no eggs because his larder had been absconded with. Both of his neighbors had their stores stolen also. I had him come in and sit for a cup of tea and gave him some tarts. It seems that some of the trolls were carrying swords. He heard his neighbor say that she heard one of them mention a name, but I cannot bring it to mind right at the moment. Anyway, after they took everything, they headed with full carts up to the north over the river road towards the Kingdom of The Rains.” 
Norman wiped her mouth. “Does my father know of these happenings?”
“I do not know if he does or not.”  Harriet took a sip of tea. “Oh my, I remember that name now. It is Lemerich. I would love to be able to take my rolling pin to that scoundrel! Stealing stores at this time of year…” She shook her head once again in disbelief.
Norman looked at Harriet and stood up. “Thank you for the breakfast and the information. I must go and fill my father in on the happenings in the troll village. Have a nice day, Harriet.” Norman turned to leave and heard a crash behind her. A voice from behind the table was murmuring something inaudible. Norman chuckled. “I do hope you get over your case of the pickups soon, Harriet.”  Norman turned and left the kitchen. She liked Harriet. Norman had spent so much time with her learning to cook that she was almost like a second mother to her. She hastened her pace and soon found herself in the great hall. She heard voices out in the foyer and proceeded further. The voices were those of her father and Andre.
Andre noticed the princess first. “Good morning, Princess.”
Octavius turned, his voice laced with concern. “Good morning, Daughter. Your mother is waiting for you in the next room with Anna and a lady troll of whom I have not yet a chance to meet.”
“Father, I have some bad news from the troll village. It has come to my attention that the whole village was raided last night and all of their winter stores were stolen.” Norman studied both of the men’s faces.
“Where did you get this information, Daughter?” The king motioned Norman to come closer.
“I was down in the kitchen talking to Harriet. A troll, whose name I cannot recall, had come by earlier to tell her that he had no eggs for her today. He said that the whole village had been looted of its stores.” Norman hesitated for a moment. “I do hope Gertrude and Winifred are alright.”
Andre scowled. “So it was trolls that raided the one main storage area outside the village.”
Norman looked at her father and Andre. “We had stores stolen, too?” 
“Yes, they overpowered the guards and took every last stitch of grain and dried fish we had. We will have to ration the winter stores if we cannot get aid from the neighboring kingdoms.” Octavius looked down at the floor with his hands clasped behind him.
Norman looked directly at Andre. “Were the guards harmed in any way?”
“I am afraid so. One received a severe laceration on his arm when he had a run-in with a troll brandishing a sword. The other one received a good knot on his head when he was jumped from behind. Both men are being looked after by the apothecary and his wife.” 
“Andre, please carry out the orders I have given you. Remember, I want the other two storage areas heavily guarded. I will meet with the acting Grand Troll of the troll village to find out the best way to get stores to his people from our larders. Norman, I have filled you in on what I know, but please do not repeat anything we have spoken about. Andre, let me know at what time I might expect the Grand Troll, and see to it that the injured soldiers’ families have their needs met.”
Andre bowed.  “As you wish, Your Highness.” Andre turned and headed for the door.
“Norman, where have you been? We have been waiting patiently for you.” The Queen came out of the little room off the foyer.
Norman noticed just inside the doorway stood Gertrude’s Aunt Phoebe, who appeared to be listening to everything that was being said. “I am sorry, Mother, but I had to tell father something. It took longer than I thought. Please forgive me for being so tardy.”
“Nothing to forgive, my dear daughter.” Emmaline grabbed her daughter by the hand and led her through the door into the small annex room.  Norman looked at Phoebe as she passed. Phoebe looked away so as not to meet Norman’s gaze. 
Anna was standing next to mounds of different bolts of fabric. There were fine silks from far away lands and brocades of the finest quality and laces of such artistry that you had to stop what you were doing just to admire the work that went into them. Every color of the rainbow was represented. There were royal purples, deep, lustrous greens, gold colors and azure blues that rivaled the beauty of the clear morning skies.
Norman didn’t usually like picking materials out for clothing. She had always trusted her mother’s judgment. For some reason, she found herself wanting to pick out fabric and a design for a dress. It definitely was a distraction from the events of the previous weeks. The morning flew by and soon it was lunch. Norman had picked out her dress design and the fabrics, but the queen was still trying to decide. 
The four ladies went into the dining area where they feasted on little ham sandwiches, carrots and a wonderful fruit-glazed pastry. Norman noticed how closely Phoebe listened in on the conversation, and how she had tried to steer the conversation towards last evening’s events in the troll village. Norman purposely interrupted her. She was sure she saw Phoebe scowl at her once. Norman thought it queer how different the two sisters were.
Just as they were getting up to go back into the room, they heard some commotion coming from the front foyer. They all quickly walked to the entrance hall. There in front of them stood two guards holding onto a young troll. 
Andre stood behind them, then walked around in front of them. “I need to see the king”.
Queen Emmaline looked at the young troll who was struggling with all of his might to regain some of his freedom. He was gagged and the bindings on his wrists looked secure. “What is the reason for this troll to be brought here, Andre?”
Norman happened to glance over at Phoebe. Her face was ashen, and she was trembling like a child afraid of some imaginary danger. “Lady Phoebe, are you feeling all right?” Norman ushered her over to the nearby stairs to sit down.
Andre looked at the queen. “I am sorry, Your Highness, but I am under strict orders from your husband not to divulge anything to anyone.”
The young troll had stopped his struggling. He was gazing in Phoebe’s direction with a pleading look in his eyes. The Princess noticed this. Perhaps she was too suspicious of Phoebe. “Lady Phoebe, do you know who this young troll is?”
Phoebe looked at the bound troll. “Nay, I can’t say that I have ever laid my eyes on the likes of him.” Her voice quivered.
Queen Emmaline noticed how funny the matronly troll was acting. “Are you all right, Lady Phoebe? Each time I look at you, you appear paler than before.”
Before Phoebe could answer the queen’s question, the king entered the foyer. “What is going on here?” Octavius then noticed the bound troll and the two guards restraining him.
Andre stepped forward and walked over to the king. “May I have your ear for a moment, Your Highness?”  The two departed to the great hall.
Norman wished at that moment that she were a small mouse, and privy to what was being revealed in the next room. She looked down at Phoebe who was indeed turning paler and paler.
Andre appeared at the door to the great hall. “Guards, bring in the prisoner. Ladies, the king has requested that you do not come into the hall.” With that, Andre turned and disappeared into the great hall.
The queen looked rather perplexed by the king’s orders. She knew, however, not to go against her husband’s request. “Shall we go back in to the annex and finish picking out the material for my ball gown?” Emmaline looked at Anna, then to Phoebe. Phoebe was looking toward the door to the great hall. Tears were in her eyes. “Anna, I do believe we should let Lady Phoebe go home to rest. Her color is pale and she appears to be distraught.”
Anna walked over to Phoebe. “Dear lady, please go home and rest. I will come to your village tomorrow with the chosen fabrics and the dress designs so you can start making the patterns.”
Phoebe stood up on shaky legs. She kept looking towards the door into the adjoining room. It almost appeared that she was trying to hear what was going on in the room. Emmaline called to a page and he dashed over to her side. “Page, see that this poor-feeling troll gets back to her hovel safely.”  The page donned a heavy cloak and brought over Phoebe’s cape and hat. He helped her put them on and the two walked out the door, arm in arm.
The Queen turned to Anna. “She must be a very caring troll.  She seemed so concerned about the troll they brought in.”
A knock sounded at the door. The doorkeeper opened it, revealing a caped figure standing ready to knock on the door once again.  Norman recognized the cape and hat immediately. “Gertrude, I was wondering if you would show up today.”
Gertrude entered and took off his hat and bowed to the queen. “Good afternoon ladies. I beg your pardon, but I wish to speak to Norman, alone, if I may.”
Queen Emmaline looked to Anna.  “It appears that I will be picking out the fabric and pattern for my dress.”
“I am sorry, Mother, but Gertrude would not come here during these troubled times just for a visit.” Norman looked to her mother with apologetic eyes. “You have always had good taste. I am sure whatever you choose will be elegant.”
Emmaline smiled and winked at her daughter. “You are a bright child. Yes, I do have excellent taste.” With that said, the queen turned and started walking to the other room. “Come, Anna, we have some fabrics that need to be looked at.”
Gertrude smiled as the queen departed. His expression became more serious, and he looked around to see if anyone else was listening. He saw the doorkeeper and a page. “Is there another room where we can speak privately?” He looked at Norman from under furrowed brows.
“Yes, we can use the other annex room over this way.” Norman led the way into a small room within a few steps from where they had been standing. She closed the door behind them and turned the key. “That will keep us from being bothered. I know why you are here. Are you sure you want to talk to me and not my father?”
A surprised look came across Gertrude’s face. “How do you know what I am here for?”
“I heard about the troll village being robbed of all its stores. An old troll by the name of Grunk delivered the message to our cook this morning. He came by to tell her that he did not have any eggs for her because everything was stolen.” Norman looked at Gertrude to see how he reacted.
“They did not get all of the stores. Whoever gave them the information about where to find the larders wasn’t very thorough. Most trolls have two larders - one cellar in the house and one outside the house. The larder outside is the largest and holds a majority of our winter needs. The trolls that did the looting should have known of this. Either they didn’t have time to raid the outside larders, or they simply forgot about them.” Gertrude shook his head. “Some of my fellow villagers who I spoke to this morning said that they didn’t recognize any of the trolls doing the looting. They have to be coming from another village. Old Grunk is getting senile. He has enough eggs down in his larder that he could feed the whole kingdom eggs for a week and he would still have a supply leftover.”
Norman looked at Gertrude. “You did not hear about one of our main stores being sacked. Two guards were overcome by a group of trolls. One guard was cut by a troll wielding a sword.  The other guard received a head injury. Father is over in the great hall right now, interrogating a young troll about your age. He was captured earlier. I suspect he was caught snooping around one of the other store houses.”
“I saw my aunt in passing, coming here. She saw me but did not stop to talk. She looked off-color, too. I know she helps your seamstress with a lot of the castle work. Is she being worked too hard?” Gertrude watched as the expression on Norman’s face changed. 
“Your aunt started acting and looking strange right after they brought in the young troll. She said that she didn’t know him.  However, I think she was lying.” Norman appeared to be deep in thought for a moment.
“What are you thinking?” Gertrude asked, a little perplexed.
“Didn’t you say that your cousins were troublemakers? Well, maybe they have gotten into trouble over their heads. Your aunt knew that troll, because it was your cousin.”
“I know my cousins are troublemakers.  However, I know that they are not stupid.” Gertrude shook his head. “I hope you are wrong, Norman.”
Norman shook her head. “I don’t think so. There’s one way to find out. We will go see my father right now.” Norman walked over to the door and unlocked it. She grabbed Gertrude by the hand and together they walked into the great hall, unannounced.
Octavius looked up from the chair he was sitting in and saw Norman. “Daughter, I thought I told you not to come into this room. Leave now!” At that moment, Octavius saw Gertrude. “Gertrude, I am sorry, but I can not talk to you at this time.”
Gertrude noticed the figure of the troll sitting in a chair. “Octavius, I am sorry, too.” Without hesitation Gertrude walked over towards the king. He saw the face of the bound troll. “Hello, cousin, and what brings you to the castle?”
“Your cousin?” Octavius was almost speechless. “You mean he is actually your cousin?”
Gertrude looked at his cousin with utter disgust. “Unfortunately, this poor excuse for a troll is related to me through blood.” He turned to his cousin. “I am glad to see that the king has made you comfortable, Zeon. You are a disgrace to the family. Whatever punishment our king has in store for you, it is far too lenient.” 
Zeon had at first turned away from Gertrude. He glared at Gertrude, hatred in his eyes. “You say I am a disgrace to our family?!  You really have some nerve cousin! You are the worst thing a troll could be! You are a human-lover!!  May you rot in the ground with only the worms for company!”
At first, Gertrude was taken aback by the viciousness of his cousin’s verbal attack. “You accuse me of being a human-lover, yet you do a human’s bidding. You probably are doing Toggart’s bidding, too. My father used to say to my mother that a troll who follows another all of his life is lost because he does not know how to find his own way. Now tell us who has led you to do these dastardly things against your own kind?”
“I am not going to speak another word!”  Zeon glared again at Gertrude.
Gertrude knew that his cousin was a coward at heart. He turned towards Octavius and winked with the eye that was concealed from Zeon’s view. “I can tell, your Highness, that he is not going to say anything.  He is definitely a troll of his word. I guess you will have to let the guards take him away and let them do what they must do.” Gertrude shook his head. “Whatever happened to that human you told me about…something about chopping off his hands?”
Octavius, understanding what Gertrude was trying to do, shook his head. “Oh, that poor soul from last week? Such a pity, I gave him one more chance to confess to the thefts that he had done. However, he chose not to say anything. We just had to do what we had to do. Tsk....tsk, the apothecary said that the stumps where his hands once were are healing quite…” Octavius did not have a chance to finish as he was interrupted by Zeon’s wailings
“Noooo... No! How will I eat and take care of my personal needs? You can’t do that to me! You wouldn’t!”
Octavius walked over to the wall where some decorative swords were hanging and pulled one down from its resting place. He ran his finger down the blade of the sword, pretending to check the edge for sharpness. “How sad… This blade seems dull. OH! Look at the rust on the blade. That would cause a nasty infection, don’t you think so, Gertrude?”
“Yes he would probably lose his arms, possibly his life.” Gertrude glanced over at Zeon with a fake look of horror on his face. “Surely you wouldn’t let him suffer once he was all swollen from the infection…”
Zeon’s eyes were practically popping out of their sockets. Tears started flowing. “I will tell you everything.  Please...! Please….don‘t cut off my hands!”
Octavius looked down at the sword. “Oh dear, I was so looking forward to testing my skill with a blade today.”
Gertrude was having trouble holding back his laughter. “If he doesn’t tell us the truth, you may still have a chance to lop of his hands.”
“What say you troll? Are you going to talk?” Octavius leered at Zeon and once again ran his finger down the blade of the sword.
“I will talk. I will talk.” Fear oozed from every word he uttered. Zeon was thoroughly scared out of his wits. “What do you want to know? I will tell you everything that I have knowledge of.”
“Who is this person or troll that we have heard about by the name of ‘Lemerich’?” The King was still holding the sword, running his finger up and down the blade.
“I have never heard of anyone named ‘Lemerich’.” Zeon was watching Octavius intently, and shifted nervously in his chair.
‘Krac-c-c-k!’ The blade of the sword split the small table in front of Zeon in half. Octavius looked at Norman and Gertrude and smiled. His eyes were opened wide in a mock sadistic grin. “Oh my! This sword is sharper than I thought...” The king looked at Zeon. “Who do you take your orders from, then?”
Zeon was a pasty, putrid olive green and his eyes were bugging out of his head. Beads of perspiration rolled down his forehead.  “I take my orders from Toggart, the Grand Troll of our village.”
Gertrude’s anger blazed. It was now an ember glowing; waiting to erupt into a ravaging fire. “Toggart is no longer Grand Troll of our village! He was banished after fighting with me!”
“He was forced to fight you. He said that you and Aunt Winifred are up to something evil and that you must be stopped. He said that if we helped him to regain the position of Grand Troll, he would reward us handsomely.”
“Toggart has nothing to reward you with. He is using you to obtain power. After he is finished with your troublesome hide, he will probably reward you with a sword in your back. Toggart has always wanted more power and more control. Where is Toggart hiding?”
“There is a huge cavern in the tunnel systems. Meade and I found it by accident. We were walking through the tunnels. I had to stop to pull a pebble from my boots and when I leaned against the wall, it crumbled. Meade entered first. He wasn’t watching where he was walking and tripped, falling onto a stalagmite. He broke his leg and suffered a deep gash on his left arm. I got him back to the camp, but they had to find an apothecary to set and splint his leg. Toggart knew that Goodly would not come to help, so he sent for Frack. My mother and father came, also.”
Gertrude looked at Octavius. “I do not believe he is telling us the whole truth.”
Octavius brought the tip of the blade to Zeon’s jugular. “You must not care if you lose your hands. My patience is wearing thin, troll! What is he lying about, Gertrude?”
“My cousin knows who Lemerich is. When we went to explore one of the tunnels, we were about to enter, when we heard voices. We hid from view and saw my aunt and uncle emerge from the tunnel with Modak. My aunt specifically told Modak to thank Lemerich for his help in taking care of her son.”
“So…you have lied already! Guards! Take this troll away and cut off his hands! If he gives you too much trouble, dispose of him completely! I understand that ground-up bones are good for my roses.”
“I will tell the truth...!  I will tell the truth!” Zeon was sobbing. “I am sorry. I do not want to die!” 
Norman walked over to Zeon. “Tell me please, troll, was it you who pushed me into the roses some passings ago?”
Zeon felt the point of the king’s sword on his throat. He looked at his three questioners. “Toggart made us do it. He thought that you would think that Gertrude was the one who had pushed you. Then your friendship would end as quickly as it had begun.”
Norman looked at Zeon and the color in her face became red with anger. She felt like a child who had been bullied and lashed out as a child would.
“Ouch! Why did you kick me?” Zeon screamed.
“Because you deserved it…” Norman said nonchalantly. She felt so much better.
Gertrude looked at Norman and smiled. He understood her feelings. He wanted to wallop his cousin so bad. He turned to Zeon. “Who is this ‘Lemerich’?” 
“He is the one giving the orders. He is a very vile person. If you do not do his bidding, he finds a way of making you do it. He blackmails everybody that he comes in contact with or promises them something that they want.” Zeon paused for a moment.
“Do you know of a troll named ‘Smirch’?” Octavius finally lowered the sword down to his side.
“Oh yes, I know Smirch. Toggart and Smirch are real good friends. They get together and discuss the orders from Lemerich, usually over a mug of boo-boo juice-laced blog. They also fight a lot.”
“Do you know what their next plan is?” Gertrude sat down in a chair that he pulled up closer to his cousin.
“Oh please, do not make me tell you that! I am sure Lemerich would have me killed.” Zeon looked beseechingly at Gertrude.
“Well, look at it this way: how is Lemerich going to kill you if you are locked up in the dungeons of Glennmorley?!” Gertrude’s voice was oozing with impatience.
Zeon appeared to be weighing the consequences of divulging the plans to the Gertrude, Norman and the king. He heaved a deep sigh. “Oh, I hope I don’t live to regret this...”
“You will not live if you don’t tell us, troll!” Octavius was clearly losing his patience. He began running his finger up and down the blade of the sword again. “Oh dear, this blade is sharper than I thought. I seem to have cut myself. I am curious as to how you might bleed, troll.”
“They plan on attacking your other storehouses tonight. I heard Smirch tell Toggart. Smirch has at least a hundred trolls and about twenty snow sledges. Lemerich is sending fifty of his men also. Lemerich knows that you will have additional men stationed around your other warehouses. He also figures that you would never suspect an attack the next night on all of the remaining storehouses.”
“If you are lying about this, troll, I assure you that you will wish that I had killed you tonight…” Octavius’ brows were furrowed in anger. “Guards, take this troll down to the dungeon, free his bonds and see that he gets nourishment.”  The guards picked Zeon up under his arms and carried him out.
“Norman, I need your help. I need to have you go tell the Grand Troll of Gertrude’s village to keep all of his villagers in their homes tonight. I do not want to accidentally harm anyone who is not tangled up with this Smirch and Toggart… Toggart…why does that name keep surrounded by a haze in my memory?” Octavius shook his head. “Norman I wish you to stay in the troll village until I come for you. Gertrude, I need you by my side tonight. I do not know the ways of this Smirch or Toggart. Having your insight may be of enormous value to me. Will you fight by my side?”
“Let me go and get my sword. I will accompany Norman to the village.” Gertrude stood up and turned to Norman. “You must tell Gillion not to tell anyone what is happening up here. Tell him to tell everyone that it is for their own safety. I do not want my aunt and uncle to know anything.”
Norman nodded her head in understanding. “Gertrude, we can ride down to the village by horseback. It will be faster. Father, I will wait for you at Gertrude’s hovel. I will enjoy a cup of blog with Winifred.” She walked over to her father and gave him a kiss.” I love you. Please be careful…”
“I love you too, daughter. You stay safe down in the village.” Octavius turned and headed for the rear entrance to the great hall.

Chapter Six


Gertrude and Norman donned their cloaks and hats and braved the white cloud of heavy, falling snow. The wind and snow tore at their bare faces as they trudged to the nearby stable where a saddled horse pawed the ground impatiently. By the time they reached Gillion’s house, they were chilled to the bone. Norman turned to Gertrude as if she were going to say something to him. She walked over to him and hugged him. “Please be careful, my friend.” 
Gertrude looked into the princess’ face and saw tears of concern. “I will be careful.” He turned and disappeared into the snowy street leading down to his home and she went inside to warm by a blazing fire.

*

Gertrude walked into the hovel to find his mother hard at work as usual. He headed over to where his father’s sword was stored.
“Son, what are you doing? What is going on?” Winifred already had a worried look. 
“Norman will be here shortly to have a cup of blog with you. Both of you are to stay inside the hovel ‘til the king and I return. We will talk then and fill you in on all of the events.”
Gertrude threw the scabbard over his shoulder, walked over to his mother and kissed her on her forehead and gave her a squeeze. “Do not worry, Mother.  I will be in good company.” Gertrude turned and went out the door into the numbing cold. 
Smirch and Toggart were right. Nobody would ever think that they would attack the other stores tonight. He wanted to find Toggart and give him a well-deserved fist in the face. The embers of anger glowing earlier were igniting into a burning dislike for Toggart. This ‘Smirch’ character sounded like a vicious troll. He shuddered both from the cold and the thought that a fellow troll could be so mean. 
It was dark when Gertrude arrived at the castle.  Gaining entrance, he was ushered  into the great hall to wait for Octavius.
“Gertrude?” A woman’s voice sounded in back of him.  He turned to find Queen Emmaline walking in his direction, carrying a sheathed sword.  He politely bowed. “Good evening, Your Highness.” 
“My husband shall be with you shortly. He has filled me in on everything. Please take care tonight.”   Emmaline’s voice was fraught with concern. “Gertrude, your father died in battle next to my husband’s father. This was my father-in-law’s sword.” She withdrew the bejeweled weapon from its resting place and pointed to some writing on the blade.
Gertrude partially withdrew his sword from its scabbard, and held it next to its almost identical twin, then turned the sword over in his hands, revealing an inscription on his sword. He looked at the queen, astonished.
“Gertrude, this is the second time tonight that this sword has been pulled from its scabbard. The other was up in our bedchamber. That was the first time that it has been drawn since the end of the Troll Wars. We noticed the inscription, but it is etched in a strange language that we can not decipher.” 
“It is in our old Troll language,” a voice said from behind them. Winifred entered the room with Norman. “Very few trolls know the old language anymore.” She walked over to where Gertrude and the queen were standing. “May I?” Winifred extended her hand out to accept the sword from the queen. She turned the sword around and read the inscription that was etched so artistically into the blade. 
“Two swords, a troll and a man bonded together in one cause and in one friendship…”
Tears welled up in Winifred’s eyes and her voice cracked as she finished.  “This friendship shall endure the ages, even after death.”  Winifred was handing the sword back to the queen when she noticed writing on the hilt of the sword. “Here is more writing.” She looked closely at the tiny lettering. Winifred choked up more, and she began to rub the hilt of the sword.
“What is wrong, Mother?” Gertrude could tell by her expression that the inscription stirred her heart.
Winifred peered up through tear-swollen eyes. “The inscription reads: ‘We carry each other’s sword through life and into battle…Sebastian of Tinker Hollow’.” She handed the sword back to Emmaline. Then Winifred eased the sword from her son’s hands. “The blade carries the same inscription, except for the last part.” Winifred had never noticed it before because the wording was smaller and it blended in with the scrolls and decorations on the rest of the blade. “Beware of the third friend, for his sword has no honor.” Winifred looked at the writing on the hilt. “ ‘We carry each other’s sword through life and into battle….King of Glennmorley, his Royal Highness Norman David Shires the III’”. Winifred shook her head. “I never knew that they carried each other’s swords.”
Another voice from behind the small group added, “It shall remain so. I shall carry the Tinker sword with honor.” King Octavius walked over and lifted the sword over his head. “In honor of my father and in honor of my new friend, Sir Gertrude of Tinker Hollow…”
Gertrude lifted the other sword next to the one the king was holding. “To friendship….”
“Something curious I just thought of.  Octavius, do you remember what your father called the sword you are holding?” Winifred looked puzzled.
Octavius looked stunned that someone would ask such a question. “Yes, as a matter of fact he called it ‘Novem’. My father said he was asked to call it that by your husband when it was given to him.”
Winifred looked even more confused than she did before. “If my memory serves me right, my Sebastian fashioned only eight swords. Apparently, he made nine. I watched him when he melted down the other six swords that he had fashioned. Where is the seventh sword, and who has it?”
Gertrude looked at his mother. “Maybe you miscounted as he threw the swords into the melting pot. Father possibly made another sword that you never knew about.”
“We must get moving here, Gertrude.” Octavius put his sword in its sheath and threw it over his shoulder. Gertrude followed suit.
Emmaline cautioned her husband and Gertrude. “Be careful.”  She walked over to her husband and gave him a kiss. She then whispered something in his ear that brought a smile to his face. Winifred walked over to Gertrude and kicked him in the shin. Then she planted a kiss on his cheek. Tears were flowing freely from her face, perhaps recalling another young troll she had kissed and watched leave to fight.  King and troll turned and walked out the door.
Norman looked at Winifred incredulously. “Why did you kick your son in the shin, Winifred?” 
“It is a troll custom to kick the ones you love in the shins before they go off into battle. It is to remind them that a sword will feel worse. In other words, it is to remind them to be careful.”
Emmaline smiled. “That is a good custom. Maybe I should run after them and give my husband a kick in the shin, too.”  All of the ladies started laughing. It was going to be a long wait before the return of their loved ones.
“Gertrude tells me, Winifred, that you have never tasted tea. Would you care to try some?” Queen Emmaline smiled as she led them over to the chairs by the fire. The three ladies settled down to wait.

*

Octavius and Gertrude met Andre down at the main castle gate. Heavy snow was still falling. Octavius had already instructed Andre, but asked further, “Andre, did you manage to keep the town folk away from the storehouses while you were carrying out my orders?” Octavius was purely ‘business at hand’ now.  “Andre, I want you to tell all of your men that Gertrude is with us. I do not want my friend injured by my men.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.” He turned and walked over to a small group of soldiers and they left to tell their men.
“Octavius, what is your plan?” Gertrude asked
“All of our storehouses are huge block buildings. There are no windows and only one main entrance to each storehouse. We have guards sitting at the entrance with a fire burning in front of them. They are instructed to appear to be asleep. It will be easy for the raiders to overpower them and enter into the storehouses. I had all of the real stores removed and hauled to the castle. We placed dummy stores all the way in the back. That will lure a good majority of the raiders inside to bring everything out.” Octavius motioned Gertrude to follow him. “Look, Gertrude. Do you see all of those small pines covered in snow?” 
Gertrude surveyed the area around the storehouse. He could barely make out the trees that Octavius was talking about with the snow coming down so fast. “Yes I see them, but why are they important?”
“Those trees were not there this morning. We have five men under the branches. After the raiders enter the warehouse, they will charge the door. Anyone outside shall be dealt with in combat.  The others will be locked in the warehouse.”
Gertrude smiled and shook his head. “Your plan may work, but are you sure the whole force will come in at once for the stores?”
“Of that I cannot be certain. In every battle plan you must have give and take. There are extra men standing ready in case we do meet with more force. Come, my friend, we must take a hiding place and wait.”
Everyone was quiet. Sitting, waiting, in the snow made it seem far colder. Huddling next to the other soldiers gave little protection against the blowing wind. 
Time dragged. The men were getting colder. Octavius was ready to cancel everything when a couple of figures were seen skulking through the shadows. The soldiers roused from the mind-numbing cold, suddenly put on alert. 
Those guards at the doors of the warehouse did an excellent job. They were easily overtaken as planned. The trolls opened the doors. One waved his hand, and it seemed as if an army of ants was swarming towards the doors. Into the warehouse they ran. Octavius swiftly stood up and motioned the men forward. Gertrude could only see about twelve trolls outside by the sledges. The men quickly closed the doors, trapping at least a hundred trolls in the warehouse.
Something seemed odd to Gertrude. Why was it just trolls looting the warehouse? Gertrude looked around and saw Octavius about ten feet to his left. He launched himself through the air, just as the arrows started to fly. Octavius and Gertrude rolled over in the snow. 
An arrow intended for Octavius embedded itself in Gertrude’s shoulder. Gertrude hollered out a command. “Counter human attack to the rear!” To his surprise, Octavius’ men followed his order. Arrows were flying in both directions. A bugle sounded and soon the whole area was alive with men fighting men, crossing swords. Gertrude threw himself into the melee, showing his deft ability with a sword. He saw Octavius fighting two men by himself, he also wielding his sword with precise thrusts. Suddenly all was quiet. They had managed to beat off the attack. 
Octavius shouted some orders. “Attend to the injured and secure the warehouses! Where is the corporal in charge?
“I am here, Your Highness.” A figure lay in the snow not too far away, a gash in his arm bleeding badly. Gertrude went over and bent down next to the corporal. He took his scarf off and tied it in a tourniquet above the wound.
“Gertrude, you are bleeding, too.” Octavius came over and hoisted the corporal up over his shoulder as if he were a child. Together, they walked to the castle.
As they approached the castle, they were greeted by the castle staff and the remaining guard. Once inside, the injured were segregated to one corner of the armory where the apothecary was stationed. Octavius saw his wife helping the apothecary as well as others to help with the injured. 
“Gertrude, go and get that arrow taken out of your shoulder.” Octavius looked around and spied Andre. He walked through the cold crowd of soldiers over to where the commander stood.  “Andre, were there any casualties?” 
“No, Your Majesty.  There were no casualties. Twenty-five men were injured, but none too seriously. After they are stitched up and rest, they will be ready for duty.”
“How many casualties did the other side have?” Octavius queried.
“As soon as the fighting began, the trolls outside the warehouse fled. Some time during the skirmish, the doors were opened and all but one of the remaining trolls escaped. My men found him sitting on a bale in back of the warehouse.”
“Where is this troll now, commander?” Octavius looked around as if expecting he might find the troll amongst them.
“I have two men guarding him in the great hall. They are waiting for you. We did not have to tie him up, and he never put up a fight of any sort.”
“Curious...and why do you think that the trolls ran rather than fight?” Octavius furrowed his brow in wonderment.
“My men said that they did not see the trolls carrying any weapons. Whoever sent them without weapons must not have trusted the trolls, which means that we may have some allies in the raiders’ camp.” Andre looked at the king and noticed a hawk’s feather sticking out from underneath the collar of his coat. “Your Highness, do you know that a bird has left a feather in your coat?”
Octavius turned his head, reached up and pulled the feather from its resting place. “Ah, I know who this belongs to. It belongs to a friend of mine, and I shall go return it to him now. Commander, I shall meet you up in the great hall as soon as you are finished with the task of seeing that your men are warmed and fed.” Octavius looked at Andre. “Wait one moment, Andre.” The king suddenly jumped on the top of a long table.
Andre shouted, “Quiet!”
A hush flowed through the armory as if one by one someone had touched each soldier on his shoulder. All eyes turned to Octavius. “Men, and my friend Sir Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, I commend you for your bravery and your allegiance! The night has been long in the bone-numbing cold. Thank you for your effort this evening. Extra rations of ale for everyone!”
Hundreds of voices erupted in chorus, “Hail to the king! Hail to the king!”
Octavius jumped down from the table and strode over to where Gertrude was being treated by the apothecary. “Stitch him well, Apothecary. This troll is a close friend of the king.” He winked at Gertrude.” I shall meet you up in the great hall when you feel ready to join us. Thank you, Gertrude.” Octavius turned quickly to hide tears springing forth, walking through the tangle of soldiers in the armory, stopping briefly to chat with a few. Then he disappeared from the room.
“So I see that I did not kick you hard enough!”  Gertrude turned his head towards the voice. He smiled.
Winifred walked over to Gertrude and examined the wound that the apothecary was stitching up. She had heard how the apothecary had acted when he was told to administer his medicines to her when she had been poisoned. “Stitch him well. I do not want to see a bad scar there when my son heals. Remember, I have the king’s ear.”
The apothecary grew red in the face and grumbled something incoherently. Gertrude could not help but smile. “Mother, you sure do have a way of getting your point across.”
Queen Emmaline must have heard some of the conversation. She walked over to the threesome. “Lady Winifred also has the queen’s ear, Apothecary.” The apothecary smiled wanly at the queen as he quickly looked down.
Gertrude saw the hidden sneer on the man’s face. “Are you almost done, Apothecary?”
He realized that Gertrude had seen his expression and feigned a smile. “Yes, I am, Sir Troll.” With a quick cut from a short knife, he finished the suture, then poured wine over the wound and wrapped it in linen. “Watch for infection.” With that, the apothecary turned and started working on the next man needing his services.
Gertrude stood up and looked around the vast room.” I do not see Norman. Does she not have the stomach for the blood?”
“Norman volunteered to help Harriet, our cook, to feed all of the men and serve them.” Emmaline pointed over to the far wall where the men were lining up for food. “Come, we can eat up in the great hall. Harriet has been busy all night preparing food.”


Chapter Seven


Winifred, the Queen and Gertrude left the armory and walked up the stairs leading to the residence above. As they entered the great hall, they were startled at what greeted them.  The king and an elderly troll were sitting by the fire, having a cup of tea. 
When Octavius saw the three enter, he stood up. “Please pull up a chair and sit with us. We are enjoying some tea. Would you care to join us?” 
Emmaline was the first to meet the elderly troll. “My dear, are you going to introduce me to our guest?”
The troll stood up on his chair and bowed. “Oh, I am no guest, Your Highness. I am your husband’s prisoner.”
Emmaline looked at Octavius.” I see, Sir Troll. Should I be afraid of you, then?”
Octavius laughed. “Sir Gafton, this is my inquisitive wife, Queen Emmaline, Lady Winifred Tinker. And the young troll is her son and my friend, Gertrude Tinker. Everyone, this is Sir Gafton of High Mount.”
Gafton hopped down from the chair and over to Winifred and Gertrude. “By the light of Kern!” He looked at Winifred. “My dear lady, you look as beautiful as ever.” He turned to Gertrude. “So, you are the son of Sebastian of Tinker Hollow. Your father was a great leader - a troll that truly understood the world around him.” Gafton grabbed Gertrude and gave him a bear hug and butted his head with his. 
“Ouch!” Gertrude peered at the old troll as if he had lost his mind. Winifred eyed the troll suspiciously, but said nothing.
“Oh, I’m sorry! I got carried away. Your father and I used to greet each other with a head butt. He darn near knocked me out one time.” Gafton chuckled. He turned and looked at Winifred, who was smiling pleasantly. “Sebastian was a good troll. I miss his humor and his friendship. Your Highness, may I have some more of that delicious drink you call ‘tea’?”
“Would you like anything in your tea, Sir Gafton?” Emmaline peered intently at the old troll.
“Well, if you wouldn’t mind putting a drop of whisky in it. My old bones could use some warming from the inside.” Gafton smiled broadly and hopped up into the chair that he had vacated earlier.
Octavius went over to an elaborately carved hutch and opened the center door. He withdrew a dark amber-looking bottle and pulled out the stopper, walked over and started pouring some of its contents into Gafton’s empty cup. The king was lifting the bottle away when the old troll put his hand upon Octavius’ hand to pour a little more. “My bones are mighty old and stiff.”  Everyone laughed. Octavius set the bottle down across from his prisoner. “Gafton, why did you stay behind when all of the other trolls left?” 
“I thought that I could be of more help here. My brother-in-law, Smirch, is a fat, obnoxious viper, and he was using my power for his betterment. I could not stomach what he was making me do any longer. If I am not there to help him convince the others, they will not do his bidding. I am sure right at this moment he is cursing my green hide to the fiery depths of what you humans call ‘Hell’.” 
Gafton took a long sip of the whiskey. He wrinkled his brow. “Do you know that he had the gall to ask me to have my people haul all of the stolen stores through the tunnels to some recently discovered cavern in the tunnel system? I told him if he wanted it in the tunnels to do it himself. He threatened to harm my daughter. I laughed at him. He is such a coward that he would send children into battle before he lifted a sword.” Gafton took another drink. “This stuff is almost as good as boo-boo juice!”
“In what ways do you believe you can help us?” Octavius picked up the bottle and refilled Gafton’s cup.
“I can tell you the routes and tunnels that these scoundrels are taking. It would not be difficult to surround one of the tunnel’s main openings and capture the varmints that scamper in and out through its mazes.”
“What is Twiggs doing now?”
“How do you know of Twiggs? I do not recall me mentioning him to you.” Gafton took another swig from his cup. He wondered at the king’s knowing of this young troll.
“I shall not lie to you, Troll. Twiggs was captured when he was found snooping around the storehouses. We brought him here to question him. He told us of this ‘Smirch’ character and that he had abducted your daughter to control you. He gave us some valuable information.”
Gafton was quiet. A slight sneer flitted across his face.  He lifted the cup to his lips to drink then lowered the cup. He shook his head and smiled. “My son is very smart. I am sure he will be able to inform you well. He is traveling around with Smirch, so I am sure he will glean a lot of information by just listening in on his conversations. Smirch is so full of hot air, it is a wonder he just doesn’t float away!”
Queen Emmaline sat looking at and listening to Gafton, and could not contain the urge to ask Gafton a question. “Sir Gafton, how do we know that you were not sent here as a spy? You conveniently let us capture you. You tell us that you will help us, but are you a troll of your word?”
Gafton peered at the queen from over the rim of the cup. He looked at her intently as if he were trying to decide what to say.” I am not a spy, and yes, I am a troll of my word.” He quickly looked down into his cup as if to avoid looking directly at the queen.
Winifred was skeptical of this troll claiming to be ‘Gafton’. Smirch was not the only troll mentioned in this castle tonight who was full of hot air. She had heard enough. She was sure that this was not Gafton, or at least not the Gafton she knew. “Please excuse me, but the night has been long and tiring for this old troll. Please excuse me as I take my leave.”  Winifred arose from her chair and walked to the door of the foyer and cleared her throat. “Gertrude, are you going to let me walk home alone?” Winifred seemed to be playing the helpless female role to her advantage.
Gertrude excused himself, too. He really wanted to stay and talk to Gafton some more. He had to admit, however, that his shoulder was screaming at him where the arrow had penetrated. “I will come with you, Mother.” He bid the king, queen, Norman and Gafton a good evening and walked over to the doorway where Winifred was standing.
“You still have a silver tongue when it comes to having your way with the ladies, Gafton.” She smiled wanly. Winifred turned and walked out into the foyer.
Gertrude looked at the four smiling his way, shrugged his shoulders, turned and followed his mother. He would ask Norman tomorrow what was said. He was about to open the door to leave when he heard Octavius behind him.
“Gertrude, I want to thank you for taking the arrow for me and saving me from injury or possibly worse. I did not want you to think that your act did not go unnoticed by me. I am indebted to you, my friend.” The king bowed to Gertrude. 
Winifred walked in between her son and Octavius. She motioned for Octavius to bend over. Winifred cupped her hand to the side of her mouth. “Do not trust this pretender in your castle. I speak with utmost certainty that he is not who he says he is. Be careful, very careful.”
Octavius looked at Winifred with understanding. “Thank you, Lady Winifred, for your observation. I owe both of you my gratitude.”
Gertrude looked at his mother, shaking his head in wonder. How could she be so sure that the troll in the other room was not who he said he was? Gertrude opened the door and ushered his mother out into the cold, snowy night.
“Now I know that I should have kicked you harder when you left tonight. You are so much like your father. I know that you are an adult, but remember that a mother always thinks of their children as still being babies that need her protection. I bid you to be cautious in the future.”
 Not another word was spoken on the way home. The snow had piled high since they had arrived at the castle. Gertrude aided his mother through some of the taller drifts in the roadway. They finally opened the door to their cold hovel and lit a nearby oil lamp.
“Gertrude, would you care for a hot cup of blog before going to bed?” Winifred went over to a large barrel and filled the kettle with water. She was tired even before the walk home. Now every bone in her body seemed to be saying ‘hello, I am here’. She groaned as she made her way to a chair to sit down.
Gertrude walked out from his bedchamber to find his mother sleeping in the chair, snoring rhythmically. “Mother. Mother...” He nudged her on the shoulder.
Winifred slowly opened her eyes. “It can’t be morning already.”
“Come, Mother. I will walk you to your room. You will be far more comfortable in your bed.” Gertrude helped Winifred up.
“You are such a good son.” Winifred turned, gave the young troll a peck on the cheek, bid him a good night and closed the door.
Gertrude scuffled out to the kitchen and poured some water from the bubbling kettle into a mug, measured out the mix for the blog, sat down at the table to savor the flavor and feel the warmth of the drink thaw his cold body.  He sighed and started thinking about the day’s events. His shoulder ached. He would have his mother check the wound tomorrow when she woke up.
Something about Gafton bothered him, but he could not find a good reason to mistrust what he had said. Perhaps he should listen to his mother who definitely did not trust the old troll. He shook his head in wonder. The blog was soothing and he sat through two steaming cups. His body and brain seemed to be telling him it was time for sleep. He blew out the candles and put the screen in front of the fireplace. Gertrude stumbled to bed. His last thought was of what tomorrow might bring.


Chapter Eight


The next morning dawned and a ray of light danced across Gertrude’s face, waking him. He sat up at the side of the bed, trying to wake up. The bed felt so warm and inviting. It seemed to be beckoning him to stay for a couple more hours. He shook his head and wandered over to the washstand to ready his tired body for another day.  Lifting his arms, he winced from the pain in his injured shoulder. Raising the bandage to peer at the wound, the sight that met his eyes was not pleasing. Overnight the wound had grown red and angry looking. He washed as quickly as possible, put on his britches and hurried into the kitchen.
Winifred was already busy with her baking and the delicious aroma of fresh baked rolls teased Gertrude’s senses. “Good morning, son. I thought that I would let you sleep a little later after your arduous day past.”  Winifred tuned around to greet Gertrude and gasped upon seeing her son’s wound. His mother seemed to turn pale and caught hold of the corner of the table so as not to fall. “It is infected. Sit over here and I will make a poultice.” 
The elderly troll was shaking as she threw more wood on the fire. The sight of her son’s infected shoulder made her swoon. She went over to a small cupboard and removed a small tin with a gauzy type cloth in it, then went to another cupboard and removed a small pouch which yielded up a sky-blue colored powder. She stood over by the cook stove, mumbling incoherently. 
Winifred walked over to Gertrude and pressed the hot poultice into place. “There, that should draw the poison out of that wound.” She felt Gertrude’s forehead and shook her head. “You are running a fever, too.” Once again she went over to the cupboard and withdrew another tin. Winifred spirited two long strips of willow bark from the tin, poured steaming hot water into a mug and tore the strips of bark, tossed them into the water and put it aside to steep.
Gertrude, in a fever-induced daze, watched her. The poultice felt good resting upon his shoulder. He closed his eyes. He jumped when his mother tapped him on his good shoulder.
“Drink this, son.” She helped Gertrude raise it to his lips. The brew was bitter. 
He coughed and choked. “Goodness, Mother! Did you soak an old boot in this water? Please don’t tell me that this is good for me, as I will find it hard to believe.”
Winifred frowned. “You drink all of it! Do not give me any grief. Now I know that I should have kicked you harder.” She gently kissed Gertrude’s hot forehead and went back to her chores, keeping a watchful eye on her son. A knock sounded on the door. Winifred wiped her hands on her apron and hollered, “Come in!”
Dory’s head appeared, sporting a large smile. She noticed Gertrude sitting half-dressed in the chair and her smile faded to a look of concern. “My goodness, what has happened to you?”
“He took an arrow yesterday that had been intended for our king. The wound was stitched, but now it is badly festered.” Winifred walked over to Gertrude and lifted the poultice from his wound.
Dory looked at it and shook her head.  “I had heard about the skirmish through the gossip mill this morning when I had gone over to Moreley’s place to pick up some of her pickled spiders. I didn’t realize that any trolls were involved in the skirmish. Moreley also told me that they had taken a troll prisoner.”
“Aye, that is right. Sit down, Dory, and I will pour you some blog. I need to sit for a while. My legs are tired from walking home through the snow last night. Sit, sit, sit…” Winifred poured two mugs of blog and brought them over to the table. As she passed Gertrude, she peered into his cup of brew.” I do not want to tell you again, drink all of that, Gertrude.”
The troll’s head was aching and the room seemed to be spinning slightly. He acknowledged his mother by taking another sip from the cup. “Mother, I think I need to go lay down for a while.” Gertrude started to rise and the room started spinning more. He felt two pairs of hands holding onto him. A smile tugged at his lips, but faded as he walked with the ladies’ aid to his bed. He felt the softness of his bed and closed his eyes. Winifred and Dory walked back to the kitchen and sat back down.
Dory was the first to speak. “Do you think you should summon Goodly here to look at Gertrude?”
Winifred furrowed her brow and shook her head. “No, I see no need to bother him yet. I shall wait and see if the poultice draws the poison of the infection out of the wound. Gertrude is young and strong and it will take more than an arrow wound to lay him low for long.”
“Were you up at the castle last night after the skirmish?” Dory took a sip of blog. Her eyes were wide and inquisitive.
“I was up there before the fight. Princess Norman had come down to tell Gillion what was going on. She then came over here to stay.  However, I talked her into going back to the castle. After the battle was fought, we went up to the great hall where we found the king having a conversation with a troll.” Winifred got up from her seat and went to a nearby cupboard and extracted some worm cookies. “Would you like some cookies, dear?”
“Aye, thank you. Who was this troll in the king’s company?” Dory reached for a cookie from a small plate Winifred had set between them.
“Gafton, supposedly…” Winifred said.
Dory choked and had to take a drink of blog to stop. “No! I do not believe you. Are you sure it was Gafton?”
Winifred scowled. “He was introduced to me as ‘Gafton’, and he seemed to remember me. However, something did not seem right. He mentioned that Sebastian always head-butted him when they met. In fact, he head-butted Gertrude upon meeting him. My Sebastian would never do anything that childish. I have not seen Gafton since Gertrude was a grasshopper. I would have liked to stay longer last night, but my body ached and I was tired.”
“What was Gafton doing talking to the king?” Dory’s curiosity was piqued.
“He offered the king information as to where all the hiding spots are and how the tunnels are being used. I would rather trust a pit viper than to put my trust in this pretender…”
“But you said you were not sure if he is Gafton or not. Why would he come here and risk being thrown into the king’s dungeon?”  Dory shook her head in disbelief.
“I think he wants to lead the king’s army on a wild goose chase while they do more nasty deeds. Winifred drank fully from her mug of blog and wiped her mouth on a corner of her apron. “I should check on Gertrude.” 
She hobbled into the bedroom. Gertrude was sound asleep. Beads of perspiration dotted his forehead. Winifred felt his brow and shook her head. “He is running a very high fever. Would you please help me, Dory? I need some more willow juice for his fever. You know where I keep it. I have to cool him down a little.” Winifred pulled back the covers. She went to the washbasin and soaked a cloth in the cool water, bringing it to Gertrude’s bedside. Winifred started bathing her son in the hope of bringing down his fever. 
A few minutes later, Dory appeared with the willow juice and managed to get Gertrude to drink it, sip by sip, until it was gone. “Do you wish for me to go and fetch Goodly now, Winifred? He seems to be getting worse.”
“Let’s wait another couple of hours, to see if the fever breaks. We will call Goodly if he starts talking to himself.”
Dory nodded her head in understanding. She remembered the time that she had caught the pox and had run such a high fever that her father took her down to the river and immersed her in its cold waters. Her relatives said that she was talking to herself. Dory could see the worry in Winifred’s eyes.
Winifred kept bathing Gertrude with the cool rag. She sat there beside him and started unconsciously to hum an old troll lullaby. “Dory, the willow juice does not seem to be doing its job. I believe it is time for Goodly to come.” Winifred reached over and pulled the poultice up to look at the wound. Surprisingly the wound looked better. The redness had diminished and the swelling had lessened. “I do not understand why the wound looks better but his fever is worse. Please go now and get Goodly.”
Without hesitation, Dory took her leave and soon returned with the apothecary.
“What has happened?” Goodly sat his satchel down on the foot of Gertrude’s bed.
Winifred did not look up at Goodly. “Gertrude was in the battle up by the castle yesterday evening and received a wound to the shoulder. That appears much better. I put a poultice of dried herbs and mustard on it. He was running a fever when he awakened this morning and I brewed up some willow bark juice, but the fever is spiking higher.”
“Please let me check him out, Winifred.” Goodly moved up and laid his head upon Gertrude’s chest. He then rolled him over onto his side and listened to his back. “Winifred or Dory, I need some hot water to mix a potion up for him to drink.” Goodly went over to his bag and pulled out a small bag with some yellowish powder in it. Then he took out a second pouch. Once he had the cup of water, he mixed a large spoonful of each powder into it. “We need to move him out to the kitchen area. You need to put all of the pots you have available filled with water on the stove to boil. Put this herb in one pot.” He handed Dory the herb. With Winifred’s help, Goodly carried Gertrude out to the kitchen and placed him on the long bench. Goodly looked at the ladies. “Gertrude’s lungs are clogged with phlegm. That is what is causing his fever to stay high. The steam will help loosen his congestion. The herb in the water will help all of us breathe better.”
Soon the room was like a sauna, and it felt very warm. Everyone’s nose was running from all of the humidity in the house and the strong, scented vapors being emitted by the herb boiling in the one pot. After about an hour, Gertrude started coughing. Shortly after, he was bringing up the phlegm that had filled his lungs.
Goodly appeared pleased with Gertrude’s progress. “Be thankful, Winifred, that Gertrude is a strong, young troll. If he were older like us, it would be a lot more difficult for him to rid himself of this pleurisy.”
After a couple more hours, Gertrude was given another dose of the yellow powder. By dusk, he was looking better and still bringing up all the nasty stuff in his lungs. 
“It is going to be a long night. One of you ladies needs to stay up and keep the pots boiling while the other one rests.” Goodly took more of the powder out of the little pouch and administered it to Gertrude.

*

The next morning dawned with Goodly sitting in a chair, dozing. Dory was sound asleep with her head resting against the corner cupboard. Winifred was snoring from her room.
“What is going on here?” Gertrude looked at all of the steam in the room and the sleeping figures close by. “Mother? Mother what is going on?” Gertrude tried to move but found out quickly how weak he was.

Everyone was awake now. Winifred came out into the kitchen and hugged Gertrude. Dory stirred and sat bleary-eyed by the cupboard and Goodly sat smiling while he watched Gertrude.
“Well I think my job is finished here. You look like you will be staying among the living a while longer.” Goodly started packing his satchel. He withheld a small amount of the yellow powder and gave it to Winifred. “Gertrude, you are to stay in today and rest. Take the medicine that I gave your mother two more times today, once this noon and the next time right before bed.”
“What happened? Why are you here, Goodly?” Gertrude looked puzzled. He started to say something but started coughing and bringing up ribbons of green phlegm. “Was I sick?”
Winifred sat down in the chair at his side. “You developed pleurisy from your infected wound and being out in the cold too long. Your fever would not break and we had to ask Goodly to come over.”
Gertrude shook his head as if to try to clear away the haze he seemed to be in. “I don’t remember too much but I recall hearing this beautiful voice singing to me. I had been lost in a dark mist and the voice led me to a beautiful bright garden. Then I found myself here.”
Goodly smiled. “Your fever was high and you were delirious. You came down sick yesterday morning.” He turned to both ladies. “Keep the water boiling in here for the rest of the day. It will help clear his lungs.” He closed his bag and donned his hat and coat. “If you need me, I may be at the Starre hovel, helping to bring forth another life. Good day.” 
Gertrude looked at his mother and Dory. They both looked exhausted. “How long was I with fever, Mother?”
Winifred was busy at the stove. “You have been ill since yesterday morning. Don’t you remember Goodly telling you that? Do you feel hungry, Gertrude? I am going to make Dory and me some ‘hopping hotcakes’ with some eggs.”
“I do feel hungry now that you mention it, Mother. Yes, please, I would like to have breakfast.” Gertrude rolled his feet down onto the floor. He blushed when he realized that he was almost naked except for his undershorts. “Excuse me while I go and get dressed.” When he stood up, he wrapped himself in a quilt. Halfway to his room he had a coughing fit. He looked at his mother. “So I lost a whole day?” He shook his head and went into his room.
A knock sounded on the door. Dory went over and opened it. “Come in, child, before the winter wind nibbles more at you.”
Norman stepped over the threshold. “You are most kind to invite me in.” She smiled when she spied Winifred. “Good morning, Lady Winifred. If I may be so bold, could I please enjoy a mug of your delicious blog?”
“Of course, my child, please come in. Take your coat off and warm yourself by the fire while I finish preparing breakfast. Would you care to join us for a bite to eat?”
“You are very kind. Yes, I would love to join you.” Norman looked around the room and it struck her odd at all of the water boiling. “Lady Winifred, Why do you have all of this water boiling?”
“Gertrude has a touch of pleurisy left and the apothecary wants us to keep the air moist. Dory and I, along with the apothecary, have been up most of the night taking care of him.” Winifred glanced over at Norman. “He is going to be just fine. Our apothecary said that he should remain quiet today and get his rest.”
Gertrude shuffled into the kitchen, spied Norman and smiled. “And what brings my beautiful friend down here on such a blustery day?”


“Oh, my! I almost forgot.” Norman reached into an inside pocket on her coat and withdrew a large envelope. She then reached in and brought out a second and a third envelope. “These are for all of you.” She handed Dory, Winifred and Gertrude each an envelope. “Open them… Go ahead.” She waved her hand in front of her to hurry them along.
Winifred was the first to open hers. She pulled out a beautifully scribed piece of parchment with the royal seal of the house of Chaurmount emblazoned upon it. She gasped. “Oh, my!!” Winifred stared in surprise at the princess.
Dory opened hers next and fell back against the cupboard in surprise. “Oh, my!”
“What is the matter with you two ladies?” Gertrude queried, as he opened the parchment in his envelope. He fell silent as he read to himself its contents:

‘King Octavius and Queen Emmaline do cordially invite you and a guest on Saturday, the fifteenth, in the month of November at eight in the evening to attend a twenty-first Birthday Ball in honor of their daughter, Norman Alexandra Alicia Suzanne. Formal attire is required. Please RSVP by October thirtieth.’ 
Looking at Norman, Gertrude smiled broadly. “I wouldn’t miss your birthday for anything! You can accept my ‘yes’ now.” Gertrude bowed.
Norman looked at Winifred. “Are you going to come to the ball?”
“I don’t have a thing to wear, and I have been having a bad hair year…I would love to come to your ball, my child.” Winifred bounced over to Norman and gave her a big hug.
Dory still seemed to be in a state of shock.  She looked at Norman and tried to form some words, however, nothing came out. She just finally nodded her head ‘yes’.
“Breakfast is ready, Please sit down and I will serve everyone.” Winifred busied herself filling all the plates.
Norman took great care in sitting down at the table, not wishing to reenact her clumsiness of the previous breakfast at the hovel. She picked up her fork and took a bite of the ‘hopping hotcakes’ and quickly took a start when she thought she saw her cakes hop on the plate. She shook her head in disbelief. “I do believe that the cold has frozen my senses.” She shook her head. “These pancakes are delicious, Winifred.  As a matter of fact, everything tastes good.” The Princess took a bite of her bacon and slathered butter on the crusty hot roll on her plate.
Winifred smiled as she watched the princess eat so well. “I’m glad that you like the meal, my dear.” She grabbed a roll herself and looked over at Gertrude. “The sun-dried meal worms really add a nice flavor to the rolls, don’t you think?”
Gertrude’s eyes opened wide and he almost choked on his food. “Mother!” He quickly glanced at Norman to see her reaction to what his mother had just said. 
Norman fortunately was eating some of the crunchy, deep-fried caterpillar eggs and was oblivious to the conversation. She stopped chewing when she noticed everyone was looking at her. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing…” Gertrude quickly interjected before his mother could answer. “By the way, Norman, what ever happened to the troll, Gafton, the other night, after we left?”
Norman swallowed and wiped her mouth on a napkin. “Father got him so drunk that he told him everything. The troll’s name was ‘Riley’, not ‘Gafton’. Lemerich had sent him to mislead us.”
Winifred jumped up and pounded her fist on the table. “Aha! I was right about the low-life. I may be old, but my memory hasn’t taken a complete holiday yet!”
Dory had spilled her blog. “Goodness, Winifred, must you scare my spirit so that it jumps out of me?” She scurried over to the sink to get a towel to clean up the mess.
“What did your Father do to him after that?” Gertrude caught some of Dory’s spilled blog with his napkin as it started to creep in his direction.
Norman once again swallowed another mouthful of food. “You are asking all of these questions when I am eating. Can’t we eat and then I’ll answer your questions?” She scowled at Gertrude and chuckled.
Gertrude just shook his head. “Mother, I do believe that this woman is going to eat us out of our whole supply of winter stores before she leaves.”
Norman scowled once more and threw her spoon at Gertrude, hitting him in the chest.
“Children, children, children, and how many times must I tell you not to throw your eating utensils at someone?” Winifred clucked like a scolding mother hen, a huge grin spreading across the lines of her face.
Norman looked at Winifred and played along. “Oh, I am sorry, Mother Winifred, but I was not throwing it at him. I was throwing it to him, but he failed to catch it.”
Winifred started laughing. “I am sorry I corrected you, child. Gertrude, how many times must I tell you when an item is passed your way, you are to accept it with a ‘thank you’ and take it graciously?”  Gertrude just shook his head. He did not know what to say. Everyone had a good belly laugh and finished breakfast.
“Are you finished with your meal now, Princess?” Gertrude’s voice was laced with sarcasm. “What did your father do to the troll after questioning him?”
“He told the troll that he was an honored guest and that he was giving him one of the best guest suites in the castle.” Norman winked at Gertrude.
Winifred jumped to her feet once again. “What is wrong with your father? The troll had just told him he was lying, and he gives him a guest suite?”
Norman and Gertrude started laughing. “Mother, the special guest suite is a private cell down in the dungeon. I swear you are starting to sound like Grumps.” Gertrude smiled broadly.
“Oh, I thought… Oh, never mind.” Winifred left the table and started cleaning up, and the others helped.
“I must go now. I have a lot to get done in the next few weeks before my ball. Thank you for the wonderful breakfast, Lady Winifred. Your dishes have such a lively taste to them.” Norman accidentally belched. “Excuse me, please.”
“More lively than you realize, my friend.” Gertrude quipped.
Norman gave a quizzical look, donned her coat and hat and bid farewell, heading out into the wintry day.  Winifred turned and busied herself further with cleaning. Once that was done, she started her baking.   Dory sat at the table with a mug of blog. “Winifred, did you talk to Gertrude about the accepting the nomination for Grand Troll?”
Winifred could feel her son’s look upon the back of her head. She turned to both of them. “Tomorrow is the deadline for the acceptance of the nomination for Grand Troll. Have you made a decision on whether you will run or not?” Her eyes probed Gertrude’s face for a hint as to how he felt. 
Gertrude was tired. His brain could not even fathom being Grand Troll.  “I have given it much consideration, Mother. The thought has not left my mind. Wixor would make a great Grand Troll. In fact, Gillion is already doing a great job. If you will excuse me, I am tired and need to go lay down.” Gertrude shuffled to his room and closed the door. Moments later he was in a deep sleep.
Winifred looked at Dory. “He is taking his time, which means that he is seriously thinking about accepting the nomination. I heard a rumor that Wixor is going to decline because of all the commotion going on right now. You know what a nervous troll he is. He probably would make a good Grand Troll.”
Dory was looking down into her mug of blog. “Gertrude would be magnificent at the position. I mean he is young and strong and he is so much like his father...” She took a sip of her blog. “Winnie, do you remember when my Harri was running against your Sebastian and Toggart for head troll? The three of them would get into some pretty heated discussions over the way the council should be run. Harri knew that he didn’t have much of a chance winning the election when he was running against Sebastian. You know how Harri just liked to talk.” Dory chuckled. “I will always remember coming up on my husband and hearing him talking to himself. He was bowing and giving his acceptance speech to the committee. I chided him about that until…” She paused and huge tears flowed silently down her deep green cheeks.
Winifred walked over to her side and both does were letting go of a river of tears and old emotions. Winifred was the first to contain herself. She dabbed the tears away with the corner of her apron. “Remember how angry Toggart was when he lost the election to both Sebastian and Harri? He would not talk to them for over a week. He was a poor loser.” Winifred shook her head. “He will always be a loser…”
Dory tipped her cup up one final time. “I must get back home. I have been really lazy lately and I need to get some work done.” She got up and headed for the door, reaching up, pulling her hat and coat from the pegs.
Winifred walked over to her and wrapped her arms around her. “I am so thankful to Kern for sending me a friend like you. I cherish our friendship. Thank you for helping me with Gertrude last eve.” Winifred’s eyes once again welled up with emotion. The two stood there and hugged, catching each other’s tears in their hair.
“Call me if you need anything.” Dory broke the embrace, turned and went out the door.
“Thank you, again!” Winifred watched her until she closed the door on her hovel.

*

The next day dawned with sunlight streaming through the windows. Gertrude found himself scurrying about long before his mother was up. He had checked his wound and it was healing nicely. All of the redness and inflammation had disappeared. He felt good and well rested, so he brought wood in for his mother and supplied the kitchen with stores from the outdoor larder.
A hot pot of freshly made blog sat bubbling on the stove. Gertrude sat down and reread the invitation to the birthday ball, then poured a couple of mugs of blog and busied himself with making breakfast. His mother had taught him the basics of cooking and he felt comfortable around the kitchen. She always laughed when she told him about the time his father was going to make some blog and asked her how you boiled the water for it. Gertrude chuckled.   He had always wished he had been able to meet his father. He shook his head and got on with the task at hand, set the table, put the food out and knocked on his mother’s door. There was no answer. He quietly went over to the bed and tapped her on the shoulder.
Winifred moaned and mumbled, “Can’t I sleep a little longer, Mother, please?”
Gertrude smiled. In as shrill a voice as he could muster, he tried to imitate his grandmother’s voice. “No, deary, it is time to get your tired butt up and get washed and ready for breakfast.”
Winifred stirred some more. “Mmmmmmmm… did you make me something good for breakfast?”
“I made you something that you like.” Gertrude chuckled as he tried once again to sound like his grandmother, failing miserably, he thought. He tapped his mother on the shoulder once again. “Mother!”
Winifred stirred and opened up her eyes. “Oh, I was having the most pleasant dream. I dreamt that your grandmother was waking me up on one of my lazy days when I was much younger. Her voice sounded so real.”
Gertrude smiled. “Come, Mother, breakfast is getting cold as you lie here dreaming.” He turned to leave the room and, as he did, he quipped in his best ‘grandmother’ impersonation as possible. “Don’t ye dawdle none, either, or else the broom you will feel on your backside!”
Winifred sprung from her bed as if she had been bitten by a bee and chased Gertrude out into the kitchen. She grabbed her broom and landed a couple of light blows on his backside. A good hearty belly laugh was exactly what was needed by both of them. Winifred went back into her room and put on her old tattered robe and returned to the table. “It looks wonderful...  Mmm... a might on the cold side, though.” She shot a quick smile at Gertrude.
“I will let you be the first to know, Mother. I plan on accepting the nomination for Grand Troll.”
Winifred smiled, raised her mug of blog. “A toast to my son, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, the next Grand Troll of Awll.” She clunked her mug against her son’s.
“I am not so sure that I will get elected to the post. Wixor is well-liked and respected in our village and, if you have forgotten, my election to the position of Grand Troll can be challenged by any troll who feels he is worthy of the position.” Gertrude took a deep drink of his blog.
“I do not foresee a challenge coming your way. You also are well-respected and liked. Plus you have the advantage of being my son and the son of a dearly loved prior Grand Troll. Your father is probably busting out of his britches with pride at this moment.” Winifred was getting misty-eyed again. “I am such a blubbering, old troll.”
“After breakfast I will go inform Gillion of my intentions.” Gertrude got up and went over to the stove to get more blog. “Would you like a refill, Mother?”
“Yes, I would, thank you.” Winifred held up her cup. “What made you decide to accept the nomination?”
Gertrude paused as he was pouring his mother’s second cup of blog. “I think the main reason I accepted it was because of my friendship with Norman, the king and queen. I believe if our relations were friendlier with the humans it would benefit everyone involved. There is so much mistrust between our two cultures. I do not believe it should remain that way.” He finished pouring the cup of blog and filled his with the remainder, then sat down and quietly to eat the rest of his meal. “Mother, I now have a question for you. What was the reason father became Grand Troll?”
“Surprisingly, it was for the same reason you are running. Your father’s friendship with King Norman started him thinking how grand it would be to expand our knowledge of the human culture. In return, they would learn about ours. The trade would increase, bringing more prosperity to everyone involved. Your father felt that ‘knowledge and understanding were the keys to a peaceful life’.  Unfortunately, not everyone in this village agreed with him, especially Toggart. That nasty troll was always worried that we would wind up third-class citizens of the kingdom. He argued his idea against your father’s. Harri was more closely aligned with your father’s idea. He even wanted to have a joint council formed with humans and trolls as members. Your father thought that was a good idea. Of course, Toggart hated it.” Winifred looked at her son. “Since this is a day for questions, have you seen Toddy lately?”
“No, but I am sure she is all right.” Gertrude squirmed in his chair. A knock sounded at the door. Gertrude jumped up and pulled the door open, shocked to see Toddy on the other side.
“Well, are you going to ask me in or are you going to stand there and just let the cold air in?” Toddy flashed one of her coquettish smiles.
“I am sorry, Toddy. I was surprised to see you.” Gertrude blushed.” Mother and I had just mentioned you in our conversation. She had asked if I had seen you lately.”
“No, you haven’t seen me lately. I have felt very neglected.” Once again she smiled, and winked at Winifred.
“How are you, my child? You have come at a very special time. You tell her, Gertrude.” Winifred got up from the table. “Would you care for a cup of blog, my dear?”
“No, thank you, Winifred. I came by to tell you that the committee is meeting today at two. I am going around informing the members. Gillion wanted me to let you both know that there will be a nomination for two new members to the council. Yux and Borggst have both resigned their positions.”
“Good riddance to those two, I say! They probably have some nasty thing that has taken them away from their responsibilities.” Winifred winced as if a bad thought had entered into her mind.
“Oh no…!” She mumbled. She quickly went over to the shelf where she kept the rule book and immediately started looking for something in its tattered, well-read pages. “Just as I suspected!  Those scoundrels resigned for a reason!” She started reading from the book. “ ‘No election for Grand Troll can be held without the vote from the full committee’.” Winifred closed the book with a scowl. 
Gertrude looked at her, perplexed. “What difference does it matter? You vote two new members in and then you take the vote.”
Winifred shook her head. “You don’t understand. The two new delegates must be nominated for the position. They, in turn, have three weeks to accept or decline the nomination. It was one of the rules that your father wanted changed.”
“Toggart declared himself Grand Troll after father’s death. What is the difference?”
“There is an emergency clause in the rules which states that another troll can claim Grand Troll in an emergency without a vote.” Suddenly Winifred smiled. “I seem to remember another clause in the book of rules. Once again she leafed through the pages. “Ah, here it is. It so states: if the acting Grand Troll calls an emergency meeting, the nominees to the positions vacated must accept that position, as temporary members, until the emergency has passed.”
“Someone should have nominated you for Grand Troll, Mother.” Gertrude smiled.
“I must get on my way. The next time I come, I promise to stay and join you for a cup of blog.” Toddy turned, opened the door and disappeared into the bright sunny day.
Winifred got up from her chair. “I am getting dressed and going to see Gillion. If I am not home before the meeting, don’t worry. I will see you at the meeting. It will be held at the market building.” Winifred disappeared into her bedroom and came out quickly. She donned her coat and hat. “See you later, Gertrude.” She, too, disappeared through the doorway.
Gertrude busied himself with cleaning up the kitchen. When he finished, he went to his workshop to work on a birthday present for Norman. He wanted it to be really special and decided that he would construct a dowry chest. Winifred was going to fill it with fine linens and a few scarves woven from the webs of spiders. 


Chapter Nine


Time had gone by quickly when he looked out the window. The sun was still shining brightly. It was time to head to the market house, so he pulled on his winter wear and strolled out into the day. Gertrude found himself taking some back alley ways and  streets that he hadn’t been down in a while, and arrived at the market to find two horses tied up to the fence. He walked up the short flight of stairs and opened the door. To his amazement, Octavius and Norman were sitting up on the small stage where the podium had been set up. Gertrude finally spied his mother talking to three other committee members. 
Gillion was over talking to another committee member that didn’t look familiar. He broke away from his conversation and walked to the podium and grasped a large wooden gavel. “This emergency meeting shall come to order!” He hit the gavel sharply on its sounding board. ‘Wham...! Wham...! Wham...!’ Everyone stopped his or her conversation and scurried to their respective places according to their seniority on the committee. Gillion smiled and leaned back to whisper something to King Octavius. 
“My fellow committee members and honored guests..”. He turned and gestured toward the king and princess. “I have called this emergency session of the committee for three reasons: The first - to place nominations for two new committee members. Do I hear a motion to have names for nominees taken?” Gillion looked around the large room. “I recognize committee member Wellbane. You have the floor.”
Wellbane was a short, heavyset troll with a bright red beard, laced with grey. “I would like to place in nomination Angeline of the Oak for the position of committee member.
Gillion nodded. “Is there a second to that nomination?” From in back of the crowd, Gillion heard a second. “Very well, the name of Angeline of the Oak has been ratified as a nominee. Do I hear a nominee for the second open position of committee member?” Once again, Gillion looked around the large room. “I recognize Keenan of the Shallows.”
Keenan was a younger member of the committee. She was well liked. “I would like to place in nomination Toddy of Great Heights.”
Gillion nodded again. “Do I hear a second for the nomination of Toddy of Great Heights?”
Gertrude wanted to raise his hand, however, he was not a member of the committee. He watched and listened intently.  From the front row where the most senior members sat came a second to the motion.
Gillion smiled broadly. “The name of Toddy of Great Heights has been ratified as a nominee. Will the nominees please come forward to the podium?”  Angeline and Toddy walked swiftly to the front of the warehouse up onto the small stage.
“All in favor of these two fine trolls filling the vacant committee seats signify your approval with a loud ‘aye’.”  A chorus of voices responded ‘aye’.  
Gillion walked to their side and announced, “ I give to you our new members, Toddy of Great Heights and Angeline of the Shallows.” A loud applause erupted from the audience.
Gertrude stood up, clapping, and started singing the Troll Honor Song. Every troll in the great structure rose to their feet and raised their arms. Octavius and Norman rose out of respect. The din from the multitude of voices seemed to shake the rafters. 
“Honor above glory, honor above life, we shall all be bound by this moment, this honorable moment in our lives. He who tests our honor shall feel our wrath for we are trolls of honor, honor, honor till our bodies draw their last breaths.” Three verses were sung and then everyone cheered and hooted.
Toddy and Angeline both looked out over the crowd nervously, and were a little confused. “I thought we had a choice of accepting or declining the nomination, Gillion?” Toddy remarked.
Gillion smiled at Toddy and Angeline. “You are only temporary members. You have a chance to vacate the position in another month. Until that time you are full members.” Both young trolls looked flushed and surprised. “You can leave the stage now.” Gillion picked up the gavel once more. ‘Wham...! Wham...! Wham...!’  “Order please, order please!”
Winifred stood up. “May I have the podium please, Grand Troll Gillion?”
 “I recognize Winifred of Tinker Hollow. You may have the podium.”
Winifred made her way up to the stage. She bowed her head before Octavius and Norman. “Grand Troll Gillion, committee members and honored guests: We have always strived to create a governing body that would be respected by all.” She paused for a moment to let the applause die down then smiled broadly. “It is through our hard work that we stand united today. Many of the older members may recall a time when another grand troll wanted to include humans in our council. We did not see that idea come to fruition. Tonight I put before the committee to nominate and receive our honored guests, King Octavius and Princess Norman, as honorary members of this governing body. They will be privileged to receive invitations to all meetings. They shall have a voice in each and every meeting. The only limitation they shall have as honorary members is the right to vote. I request a nomination from the members to have King Octavius and his daughter, Princess Norman, inducted as honorary members of this council.” Applause erupted in the hall. Winifred smiled and left the stage.
Gillion walked over and once again used the gavel. “Please come to order.” 
‘Wham...! Wham...! Wham...!’ Gillion turned and smiled at Octavius and Norman, then turned back around and the members slowly fell quiet once more. “We have a motion before us for King Octavius and his daughter, Norman, to be brought in as honorary members of our governing committee.  Who will second the motion?  I recognize Pipkin of the Cliffs.”
“I second the motion.” Pipkin said 
“We have a motion and it has been seconded. All of ye against the motion say ‘nay’. It was quiet, and everyone turned to look at their fellow trolls. “All of ye who are in favor say ‘aye’.”
“Aye...! Aye!”  The whole assembly applauded the vote.  Gillion turned and walked over to the king and princess. “Welcome, new members!” He shook their hands and brought them forward on the stage.
No one had noticed the small, darkly cloaked, hooded individual enter the building by a corner door. He set an arrow free from the string of his drawn bow. The arrow whizzed through the air. It found a mark on the podium and hit with a ‘thwack!’ Another arrow followed, missing its mark and stuck in the floorboards of the stage. Pandemonium reigned as they searched for the attacker.
Gertrude saw the first arrow hit the podium. The perpetrator was in the opposite corner. He took the nearest exit, running as fast as he could toward the other corner, seeing the darkly cloaked figure running from the building. “Halt, you scoundrel! Face me as a courageous troll! Do not run from me like vermin running from a hungry cat!” The figure hesitated for a moment as if Gertrude’s words had hit their mark. 
Gertrude lunged at the other troll, grasping the cloak of the villain in his left hand, then with his right hand getting a firm hold on more of the cape. With the cloak held tight, Gertrude tried to struggle to his feet without letting go and looked up just as the figure untied his cape to flee, revealing his identity, Gertrude was shocked at who he saw.  The old troll broke away and ran into the woods.
‘Toggart! It was Toggart!’ Gertrude regained his footing and started running after the old troll. Losing sight of him somewhere in the streets of the village, he walked back 

to the market building, being met by members of the committee. Gertrude handed the cape to Gillion. “It was Toggart…” He walked inside to warm himself.
The whole room was abuzz with chattering. Gillion was once again up at the podium, and he called the meeting to order for the second time. “My fellow members order, order!” The gavel slammed down with a deafening ‘Wham...!’ The room quieted down. All eyes were upon Gillion. “We have just been attacked by Toggart!”
King Octavius walked up to Gillion and tapped him on the shoulder. “Who is this ‘Toggart’ fellow?”
Gillion looked at the king. “You did not know our last Grand Troll? He was voted out of office, and swore his revenge on all of the committee members responsible for it. It seems that he is making good on his word.” 
Gillion turned back to the other members who were whispering among themselves. “Order!” The room quieted quickly. “Our next line of business is to ask the two candidates for Grand Troll if they wish to accept or decline the nomination bestowed on them. Will Wixor of the White cliffs and Gertrude of Tinker Hollow come forward.” The whole market house erupted in applause and cheers as Gertrude and Wixor made their way to the podium. Once both of the nominees were there, Gillion turned to them. “Wixor of the White Cliffs, do you accept the nomination by this committee to become Grand Troll?” 
Wixor cleared his voice. He looked around at all of the familiar faces and smiled. “My fellow members, I was humbled and honored when you nominated me for the illustrious, powerful position Of Grand Troll. We endured years of decay and dishonor under the previous leadership of Toggart. I would like to see our society grow and prosper. Under the right leadership, I know this is possible. Therefore with all due respect, after much consideration, I am declining the nomination…”
There was a moment of silence. One by one, the members of the committee came to their feet and gave Wixor a standing ovation. Gillion smiled. He understood why Wixor had declined the position. They had been friends since they were hoppers and shared many a night talking over a hot cup of blog or a tankard of boo-boo juice. Wixor had never married because he had been in love with the same doe as his friend. Gillion had won the doe’s heart. Even after Wixor had married his dear Aggie, the friendship endured. When Aggie died during childbirth, Wixor was at his side, grieving right along with him. He shook his head to clear the memories. 
“Wham...! Wham...! Wham...!’ The gavel sounded to bring order once again. The room was hushed. “Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, do you accept the nomination by this committee to become head troll?”
Gertrude walked up to the podium but, unlike Wixor, he did not smile. He scanned the committee members, and his gaze fell upon his mother who was beaming with pride. Gertrude was positive that if the room were dark, his mother would glow. There were so many familiar faces. 
“Grand Troll Gillion, Your Royal Highnesses, committee members, I was humbled and honored also, that all of you would even grant me the privilege of being nominated for the highest position in our beloved village. I have not taken the nomination lightly. We are at a turning point in our history, as we have all witnessed here today. For the first time since the keeping of records, we have accepted humans into our governing board.” Applause erupted, and all of the members were again on their feet.
Gertrude continued. “We are also entering troubled times, as everyone here is aware. There is an unknown scourge that is trying to destroy our way of life. These villains think we can be bullied to do their will. We must join as one - humans and trolls - to rid ourselves of the parasites that are trying to suck our lifeblood from us! Together, anything is possible. Therefore, I Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, swear on the honor of my family and my own honor that if I am elected by all …” Gertrude raised his arms. 
The rest of his words were never heard as the market house thundered with applause, hoots and whistles. Winifred was surrounded by well-wishers. 
A chant broke out, “Gertrude! Gertrude! Gertrude!” The noise was almost deafening. Everyone was celebrating. Gertrude bent over to shake hands with the members nearest to the stage. 
‘Wham...! Wham...! Wham...!’ the gavel once again summoned the room to order. Gillion smiled and raised his arms. “Fellow members, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow has accepted the nomination for Grand Troll. Is there anyone present who wishes to challenge him for the position?”
From the side of the hall came a hollow voice. “I challenge Gertrude for the position of Grand Troll.” The air filled with boos and hisses. Some members of the committee stood up to see who would challenge Gertrude. As the figure walked up towards the stage, the booing continued. Not ‘til Gillion raised his arms for silence did the jeering stop.
“Your past seems to have caught up with you, Hopper.” Gillion leered at the youth.
Gertrude walked over to the small figure. “Hello, cousin...” He noticed burn scars on Meade’s hand and could make out bandages under the cuff of his shirt. “Didn’t your Mother teach you not to play with fire?”
Meade backed away from Gertrude.” I have the right to challenge you for the position, if I so wish. I also have grand ideas for our village.”
Gertrude could not help himself. He tried to hold back his tongue. “I am surprised that your weasley little brain could form an idea.   Are these your ideas or are they Toggart’s?” Gertrude saw the nervous twitch in his cousin’s left eye. He watched as Meade stumbled for an answer.
“You think you are more superior than me, cousin, however, you are wrong. I will prove it during the challenge.” Meade puffed out his chest as if to make himself appear larger and stronger.
Gertrude walked over to the podium. “My cousin, Meade, has challenged me for the position of Grand Troll of Awll. I do hereby accept the challenge. As written in the book of rules, it is within my right to create the challenge since I am the one who is being challenged.” Gertrude surveyed the faces of the committee members and then the face of his cousin, Meade.
Meade was turning pale. Apparently he had not read the rules and bylaws of the committee. He shifted nervously on his feet. Meade seemed to be getting more pale by the second.
Gertrude smiled. He knew that Meade was never asked or forced to do any physical labor around the house and knew that any physical task requiring strength would be his downfall. 
“Illustrious committee members, I have chosen a task. It is a task of strength, alone. Each of us shall have to split a full face cord of wood within a half day’s time.” Just as Gertrude finished speaking, he heard a thud on the floor next to him. Meade had turned a pasty, light olive-green color and had collapsed on the stage. Gertrude smiled. He knew his cousins well.
Goodly, the apothecary, saw Meade fall and rushed up onto the stage. He opened his satchel of herbs and remedies, digging deep into the bottom of the bag, withdrawing a red pouch. He opened it and spirited out a pinch of a black, powdery substance. With a deep breath, goodly blew the powder into Meade’s face.
“Ah-choo…Ah-choo...Ah-ah-------------choo!” Meade jumped up from where he had fallen and found himself in a sneezing fit. “Ah-choo!” His eyes were watering, and, with every breath he let go another sneeze.
Goodly packed up his bag and started to leave the stage.
Gertrude stopped him. “Will my cousin be all right?”
Goodly smiled. “Your cousin hasn’t been any type of right since he was born!  Don’t worry, he will stop sneezing in a couple of hours and then a deep sleep will come over him.” As Goodly stepped down the stairs the whole room started clapping. Everyone was laughing at Meade’s plight. 
Meade brought forth more laughter when he went to the podium. “AHCHOO... I want to ah-ah-choo! withdraw my ah-choo! ah-choo! challenge ah-ah-ah-choo!” He stepped down off the platform with Gillion’s assistance and walked around the outside edge of the room, sneezing the whole way. Nobody could tell if the return of color in his face was from the sneezing or from the embarrassment of the day. He hastily exited out the main door emitting the loudest sneeze yet. “Ahhhhhhhhh-chooooo!” It was said in stories later that it was that final sneeze that slammed the door shut.  
Gillion walked back at the podium. Tears were running down his cheeks from laughing so hard. He raised his arms to silence the rest of the committee members, but in vain. He picked up the gavel and gave it three rapid hits on the sounding board. Things quieted down quickly. 
“Fellow members, we must return to the matters at hand.” His gaze panned the room. “Meade has withdrawn his challenge to Gertrude of Tinker Hollow’s nomination as Grand Frog Troll. We must now cast our votes. Each member shall be called upon separately and it will be marked in the meeting journal.” Gillion saw a hand go up in the back of the room. He couldn’t quite make out who it was to recognize him or her to have the floor. “I waive my right to the floor so that the member in the back may have it. Who is it that I have given the floor to? Would you please come forward?”
The burly figure walked down the middle aisle.” I am Knotts of the Old Trees…” He had an opened copy of the rules and bylaws in his hands. Knotts mounted the stage, nodded to Octavius, Norman and Gillian. 
“Fellow members, as stated in the bylaws, since this was declared an emergency meeting, all members must vote for our new Grand Frog Troll. It also clearly states in subsection four, paragraph five: ‘If a motion is set forth before the committee to have a hand vote for Grand Frog Troll and there is no challenge recognized for that position,. a hand vote is permissible’. Grand frog troll Gillion, I, Knotts, do so put forth a motion on the floor, for a hand vote to be taken for the election of Gertrude of Tinker Hollow to the position of Grand Frog Troll.”
Gillion smiled and turned to the committee. “Do I hear a second for a hand vote?” A sea of hands went up and a smile grew upon Gillion’s face. “I recognize Peter of the Running Water.”  
The younger member of the committee shouted, “I second the motion.!”
“All those not in favor of a hand vote, please raise your hand.” Gillion looked all around the room to check for raised hands. None could be found. “Those in favor of a hand vote raise your hand.” Gillion chuckled as he saw a sea of hands go up in the air. 
“Very well, the motion has been carried and we will now vote by hand for the election of Gertrude of Tinker Hollow as Grand Frog Troll of Awll.” Applause broke out and the members started cheering and stomping their feet. Gillion, Octavius, and Norman joined in the noise-making. Gertrude could only smile and watch. He never realized how well-respected he was in the community, and it almost seemed overwhelming.
Gillion picked up the gavel and hit it hard on the sounding board. ‘WHAAAM!’ The gavel’s handle broke under the force of his swing and another round of noise followed.  He put his fingers in his mouth and gave a very shrill whistle. A second whistle was required for peace to envelop the crowd. “Members…!” He turned to Octavius and Norman.  “If you think the shouting and stomping was loud, just wait.” Gillion raised his arms. 
“Fellow members, we will now vote ‘aye’ or ‘nay’ by a show of hands for the election of Gertrude of Tinker Hollow as Grand Frog Troll of Awll. All members not in favor of electing Gertrude Of Tinker Hollow as Grand Frog Troll, please raise your hand now.” Gillion watched as everyone surveyed the crowd. “I see no raised ha…” The whole committee started clapping and stomping their feet once again. Gillion only let it go on for a brief moment when he let forth with another shrill whistle. Much to his surprise, everyone quieted down. 
“By a show of hands, all those in favor of electing Gertrude of Tinker Hollow as Grand Frog Troll of Awll, please raise your hands now.” A sea of hands exploded into the air along with shouts of jubilation, the crescendo of noise reaching a deafening roar. Gillion tried to talk to Octavius and Norman, but found it impossible. He could only smile and give in to the celebration. 
The noise started to die down after fifteen or twenty minutes. Gillion took hold of Gertrude’s hand . With the other hand he let go with another whistle. Quiet crept through the market house. Gillion smiled. “The vote is unanimously in favor! I present to you, fellow members of the council, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow the Grand Frog Troll o…” Gillion was drowned out by another round of raucous noise.
Gertrude found himself surrounded by well-wishers, shaking hand after hand. Every once in a while he would receive an over-exuberant, rib-crushing hug. He truly was astonished by the amount of support he was receiving from everyone.
Gillion let go another whistle. Right now he wished he had another gavel. After the third whistle, things had calmed down enough for him to take the podium once again. “May I have order, please? Order, please!” Gillion watched as the members walked back to their seats. “Fellow committee members, I do believe that we have to swear in our new Grand Frog Troll. So, without further delay, may I please have Winifred of Tinker Hollow come up to the stage.” With applause echoing through the room, Winifred made her way to the front and up onto the stage. She stopped and whispered something into Gillion’s ear and went over and hugged her son.
Gillion cleared his throat. “It has been requested by Winifred of Tinker Hollow that her friend Derry of the Lowlands join her in this proud moment.” Derry had her hand over her mouth and was crying as she made her way. The applause was thunderous. She climbed up on the stage and hugged Winifred, then gave a big hug to Gertrude. Gillion looked out on the sea of smiling faces. He then gazed over at a large frog troll standing to the side of the stage. “May we have the mighty Book of Kern, please?” The frog troll lifted the huge book, and two more frog trolls put their hands upon it as it was carried up on stage.
This book was the frog trolls’ ‘book of life’. The great and powerful Kern had left it for the prosperity of all frog troll kind. This one book was bound in fine leather and adorned with the finest gems. The lettering was done in fine gold with filigreed flowers and vines adorning the cover. This book was the same book that Gertrude’s father had taken his oath on.
Gillion had the book set upon a tall pedestal. He looked back at Octavius and Norman. He then took the podium. “I ask permission from all members to allow our two new honorary members to be allowed to participate in our swearing in ceremony. How say you all?” Applause erupted throughout the market house with shouts of  “Aye!” echoing above the applause. “Will King Octavius and Princess Norman please join us.”  Octavius and Norman both looked stunned and honored to be included. They arose and walked the short distance to where the others were standing.
Gillion directed where everyone was to stand. Gertrude stood in back of the Great Book, facing the members. His mother and Derry stood on either side of Gertrude with the king and princess beside Winifred. Gillion took up the position next to Derry. 
“Please put your right hand upon the Great Book.” Gillion looked out on the rest of the room. “Fellow members, please assume your positions as to seniority in this committee and form the union chain.” Gillion and the others watched as all the members went to the outside edges of the room and laced their arms together. The two senior frog trolls closest to the stage came up the steps and entwined their arms with Princess Norman and Gillion. Gillion looked around with a broad smile. The old frog troll surveyed the room to make sure everything was in order. The room was quiet enough to hear the winter wind whistling around the building. 
“Let us begin the swearing in ceremony. Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, this is a grand moment in your life and the life of this community. Take heed that your hand rests upon the great ‘Book of Kern’. Do you, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, solemnly swear to uphold and defend the laws and bylaws of this village? Do you promise to rule with honesty and compassion? Will you promise to guide the community through good times and in bad? Finally, on your honor and your family’s honor, will you defend our rights and laws to your death?”
Gertrude looked quickly around. Winifred, Derry and Norman were all crying. He smiled. “I do and I will. I give my solemn word.”
With arms still joined, they once again sang the ‘Frog Troll Honor Song’. After the song was complete, everyone cheered and shook hands. Gillion took to the podium a few minutes later. “Will everyone please take their seats.” He waited ‘til all of the members had settled down. “I give you our illustrious Grand Frog Troll, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow!” Everyone was on their feet, clapping and cheering once again.
Gertrude smiled as he surveyed the celebrating members. He raised his arms for quiet, keeping his arms raised and slowly order was restored on the floor. “Grand Frog Troll Gillion, King Octavius, Princess Norman and distinguished members of this committee, I want to thank each and every one of you for your support. As all of you know, we are in serious times. As you witnessed today, there are evil forces lurking in the shadows. I believe that these forces - some known and some unknown - are planning to sever our ties with the humans.” 
“Today, here at the meeting, we were attacked by a dishonorable frog troll who has aligned himself with the people or frog trolls that wish us ill. I believe that neither the frog trolls nor the humans can fight these forces individually. Our only chance to undermine and defeat these vermin is by remaining united. We must learn who this enemy is and why they wish us ill. I promise that I will do my best to lead us to a better, more secure future.  We have taken the first step towards this unity by accepting our king and the princess as honorary members.”
The whole room shook with applause and some committee members rose to their feet. Gertrude raised his hands once again to bring order. The clapping and cheering slowly faded. 
“We must learn to trust the words of our new members as they should learn to trust our word. We must stay united, for the loss would be great. I fear that our very freedom will be in jeopardy should we try to go through this difficult time alone.” Gertrude turned to Octavius and Norman. “I am privileged to call King Octavius and Princess Norman my friends. I hold that friendship in my heart and will forever treasure it.  Thank you again for your support.” The applause was deafening, and the rafters in the market house shook so hard as to dislodge the dust sitting on them.
Winifred walked up to her son. “I am so proud of you. I know if your father were here, that he would probably pop all of the buttons on his shirt.” Her tears ran freely. She motioned for Derry to come over.
Derry’s face was tear-stained. A broad smile lit up her face. “Congratulations, Grand Frog Troll Gertrude!” She choked back more tears and hugged him. Gertrude looked over toward Octavius and Norman. Gillion was pouring them mugs of boo-boo juice. Other committee members were shaking their hands and patting each of them on the back.
Soon everyone had a mug of boo-boo juice in their hands. The toasting and drinking went on for quite a while. The market house started to empty slowly. As the sun set, the last committee member not up on stage left. Octavius, Norman, Gillion, Winifred, Derry and Gertrude were the last to leave. Octavius leaned over toward Gertrude. “Congratulations, once again, Gertrude. I will let you know when the commons meet, as I want you to see how we run that part of our government.”
Norman was quiet. She held onto her father’s arm to steady herself. She had only taken a few sips of the potent boo-boo juice, but she was feeling its effects.
The six of them went around and extinguished the lit candles. They all walked out into the cold winter’s night together. Gertrude closed the door of the market house and a chapter of his life. ‘Goodnights’ were said and everyone headed for the comfort of their homes.
This committee meeting would be talked about for generations to come, embellished more and more with each generation.


Chapter Ten


A tall human glared down at the frog troll. “Of all the stupidity! How dare you go against my wishes! What ever possessed you to do what you did? If they suspected you of being behind their troubles, they are most assuredly positive of it now.” The tall figure paced back and forth, his anger rising with each step. He withdrew a dagger from a leather cinch around his waist. “I have been wanting to use this for a while, to see if the blade can slice through a thick green hide.”
Toggart cowered, rolling down onto the floor to escape the human’s reach. “I am sorry, Your Majesty. I did not mean to ruin your plans. I was trying to disrupt the meeting. They were electing a new Grand Frog Troll.”
“You idiot!! Your want for revenge is meaningless to me. Did I not promise you your precious title back after I had control of the five kingdoms? I have spent the last five years planning this. Every time I make a move, something goes wrong.” The man stopped, turned and looked at Toggart’s sniveling form on the floor. “Did you manage to find out what happened to Smirch?”
Toggart swallowed hard as his eyes studied the human and the knife he was wielding. “Smirch has not been seen. The young frog troll that was with him said that he had been drinking heavily. If he were that drunk, perhaps he got lost in the maze of tunnels or fell to his demise in one of the many chasms.”
“It would do my heart good to know that his ugly green carcass was worm food!” The human walked a little closer to Toggart. With a sudden shot of his hand, he grabbed Toggart by his beard and yanked him off his feet. The dagger came within inches of the frog troll’s eyes. The human leered down at him and Toggart could feel his angry breath. “You find out what happened to Smirch or, mark my word, you will not live to take your position as Grand Frog Troll!” With a sudden, swift move, the human cut through Toggart’s beard as if it were butter.
Toggart dropped down onto the floor. “Arghhh! My beard!  You cut my beard!”
“You will lose more than a hank of beard, frog troll, if you don’t do as I say! Go! I find your kind repulsive. Leave me now…”  Toggart stumbled to his feet and hopped away as quickly as possible, mumbling to himself as he fled.
The human turned to face a large gilded mirror, walking up to it and primping himself. “My, you are a handsome specimen of a man...” He flashed a lurid smile. A knock at the door brought a look of disgust to his youthful face. “Ah, it is you, Lemerich. Finally I will be talking to someone who has a brain. Come in.” 
Lemerich, tall and slender, strolled into the room. “Your majesty, I wanted to let you know that I have successfully planted people in all the kingdoms. None of them hold allegiance to the kingdoms where I placed them. I have made sure that they will do our bidding by taking special care of their families while they are away.” A wicked smile spread from ear to ear.
“Well done, Lemerich. Did you, by any chance, find out anything about Smirch?” The human went over to a table and poured a glass of wine and handed it to him. He then poured another glass for himself. “Did you find out how Riley is doing in Glennmorley?”
“Smirch cannot be found. I have had frog trolls wandering the tunnels, looking for him. He has vanished into thin air. As for Samuels, I found out that he spent the night drinking with King Octavius, however no one has heard from him, and he, too, seems to have vanished.”
“Those worthless, green, slimy maggots!  Why did I ever think that they would be of any help to me?” The human walked over to a chair and sat down. He motioned for Lemerich to take a seat. “How did all the raids go in the frog troll villages?”
“They went well, sire. We secured food from all of their larders and we have depleted the main stores in three of the five kingdoms.” Lemerich took a sip of his wine as he smirked. “We surprised King Octavius when we attacked his stores with a second column of men. Sadly, my bowmen missed Octavius. A frog troll took an arrow meant for him.”
“Good, one less repulsive, ugly frog troll to deal with! It has been a while since we last talked. I have found it difficult to get away from my parent’s prying eyes. It is too bad the snows came so early and ended the farm raids. What more have you to tell me?”
Lemerich smiled. “The frog troll that I have in place in the village of Awll tells me they elected a new Grand Frog Troll today.”
“This is not new knowledge to me. I know about this non-event. It seems that frog trolls hold this ‘Grand Frog Troll’ thing very high in their worthless hearts. Please tell me of something that I might care about.” The royal put his glass down and wiped his mouth with a dainty lace napkin.
“I have secured the invitations to Princess Norman’s Ball for three of my men. The scribe was hard to bribe, but he has a liking for gold.” Lemerich laughed. “Your plan is indeed ingenious, Your Majesty.” 
“Of course it is!  And I do not want it spoiled!” The human turned and scowled at Lemerich.
“The frog troll, Toggart, is an imbecile… He has already messed up a couple of my plans. I am glad that I had follow-up plans arranged. The night of the birthday ball shall be a memorable one, I am sure.”

*

Norman awoke the next day with her head swimming and her stomach feeling queasy. She got dressed in the dark as the sunshine glaring on the snow outside had made her head throb even more. She gingerly walked downstairs and into the great room where she found her father and the apothecary. “Good morning, Father.” Norman sat down in one of the chairs and leaned her aching head in her hand. “Apothecary, do you have anything for a headache and a stomach that swishes?”
Octavius peered at his daughter through the slits that hid his eyes.” I do believe that I will never drink anymore of that boo-boo juice as long as I live. You do not look good, Daughter.”
Norman smiled half-heartedly at her father. “Thank you, and might I say that you are no vision of health today either…”
“Well, well, well, and what do we have here?” Queen Emmaline walked into the room and stood in front of her family. “Isn’t this something for me to be proud of!”
“Please, my dear, could you p-l-e-a-s-e talk a little softer. We are not feeling well.” Octavius curled a smile on his lips as if it hurt.
“Octavius, you know what day this is, and yet you go and get yourself sick…” Annoyance crept into Emmaline’s voice. 
“I am sorry, my dear, but at the moment I seem to have forgotten what day this is. Why is it so important?” Octavius lifted his head up just enough to see anger flare in his wife’s eyes.
“Today we are supposed to sit for our portraits. We have to start today if the artist is to finish the canvas for the ball.” The Queen was upset.
“Thank goodness we can sit for the portrait, Father.”  Norman smiled wryly.
“Oh, you are both incorrigible!” Emmaline turned to leave. She spied a huge vase sitting on the mantle, picked it up and dashed it to the floor. Octavius and Norman winced and laughed in pain.
“Apothecary, have you something for these pounding heads of ours?” Octavius looked at him and smiled. He handed the king and princess a yellow liquid. “Drink all of this and your headaches will disappear shortly.” 
The king peered into the glass. “This looks absolutely disgusting!” Both he and Norman drank it straight down. “Remind me to thank Gertrude for the boo-boo juice. That was quite a celebration yesterday…”
Norman looked at her father. “Yes, and I was proud of Gertrude. I told him once that he was destined to become a great leader.  Half of the premonition has come true.”
A page entered the room and walked over to Octavius. “Sire, this has just arrived for you. I asked the young frog troll if he needed a reply and he said ‘no’, and left.”
Octavius opened the handmade envelope and withdrew a beautifully lettered piece of parchment. “What do we have here?” Octavius read the note to himself.
“Who is it from, Father? Would you please read it to me?” Norman picked up her head and smiled.
“Here... You can read it yourself.” Octavius handed the piece of parchment to Norman.
“ ‘You are invited to a celebration dinner in honor of Gertrude’s election as Grand Frog troll, this coming Saturs-day at seven in the evening. I wish for all three of you to attend. I am looking forward to seeing you. Sincerely, Winifred of Tinker Hollow.’ Oh, Father, are they not some of the nicest trolls that you have ever met?”
“Indeed, child. Winifred sure knows how to cook and bake. I was thinking of asking her if she would consider cooking for a few days before your ball and helping with some of the preparations.”
Emmaline entered the room again and noticed the two sitting upright in their chairs. “I see the apothecary’s elixir is working. Norman, the seamstress will be here in a little while for the final fitting of our gowns. Octavius, you will need to be there also as I had a shirt made for you.” She looked at her husband to see if she would be challenged in her wishes for the fitting. None came and she smiled broadly. “Thank you, Octavius.” Emmaline looked at both of them and chuckled. “Oh, and right after the fitting we will be sitting for the portrait, so please dress appropriately.”
Much to the delight of the queen, the seamstress walked into the great room behind a page. “Good morning, Your Highness. We have a lot of work to do today. May I be so forward to ask you and the princess to come with me?” 
“I was hoping you would arrive shortly. Norman, let’s go to get these fittings done.” Emmaline smiled exuberantly at her daughter.
“Yes, Mother.” Norman arose from her chair and winked at her father who was doing a pantomime of himself being hung. Norman actually was looking forward to the fitting. She also found herself intrigued as to what the princes would be like. She kept remembering Prince Helliox and how he had caught her eye. Everything she had been dreading before now seemed like a great adventure.  
Together, the three ladies walked to the small anteroom off of the foyer. Gertrude’s Aunt Phoebe was straightening up one of the gowns and sewing iridescent crystals onto the bodice.
“Oh, it is so beautiful!” Norman hurried over to the gown and ran her hands down through the material. “Mother, isn’t it the most beautiful gown that you have ever laid your eyes on? The lace work is remarkable and the stitching is superb! Lady Phoebe, did you do all of this stitching?”
Phoebe was caught off guard by the princess’ praises. They seemed to shock her. “Yes, Your Highness, I have done all of the stitching.” Phoebe turned the gown over to reveal two hems that were not stitched yet. “These are the areas that I must stitch while you are in the dress, Princess.” Phoebe smiled hesitantly.
“Oh, Lady Phoebe, your hands truly work magic with fabric and thread! This is breath-taking!” Norman picked up the gown and held it in front of her, dancing around the room.
Queen Emmaline smiled and walked over to her satiny gown. “This is exquisite! What a beautiful work of art! I dare say that my daughter and I will definitely be turning some heads. Norman, darling, look at the freshwater pearls sewn on my bodice.” Her fingers touched the pearls delicately.
Norman danced over beside her mother. “Mother, I dare say that I may be jealous as I was hoping to be the only beautiful woman at the ball.” She laughed and saw the happy sparkle in her mother’s eyes.
“Thank you, my child.” Emmaline turned to Lady Phoebe. “You have done such marvelous work on these dresses. I insist that you accept an invitation to the ball so I can give you the credit you deserve. I am sure this will give you enough business to hire some employees.” Emmaline picked her gown up and whisked herself around the room. “Anna, this lady deserves your respect and a huge bonus.”
The seamstress smiled and nodded her head in agreement. “She is very, very talented. If it were not for her diligence and expertise, I am sure the gowns would not be ready on time.”
“Mother, let’s try on the gowns now so we can stare enviously at each other.” Norman and her mother disappeared behind dressing screens and, in a few brief minutes, emerged to view each other’s gowns. Both ladies had tears in their eyes as they hugged. “Mother, wait ‘til father sets his eyes upon you…”
“I am sure your father’s eyes will be upon you that evening.” Emmaline choked back more tears. “My baby…!” Both ladies stepped up onto small platforms so that Anna and Phoebe could make the needed adjustments.
Norman noticed how quiet Phoebe was and decided that it was the right time to engage her mother in some dialogue about past events. “Mother, do you think there will be anymore raids before the ball?” Norman quickly glanced at Phoebe to see a slight smile dart across her face.
“I hope we do not have any raids. Why do you ask such a question at this time, daughter?” Emmaline’s face scrunched up with a puzzled look.
“I just do not want anything to happen at the ball.” Norman looked down at Phoebe once again, but saw no reaction to the answer.
Emmaline looked out the window. “It must be close to the hour to sit for our portrait. Anna, are you and Lady Phoebe almost done with your measuring and stitching?”
“I need but only a few moments more to finish the princess’ gown.” Phoebe said shyly, as she stuck the needle through the delicate material. “Please forgive me for not giving you an answer for the invitation to the ball. I think I would love to come. Thank you.”
“Thank you and Lady Anna for your beautiful work.” Emmaline saw a smile cross Phoebe’s face.
Norman thought Phoebe to be rather an odd frog troll. She had trouble figuring her out. One minute she seemed secretive and suspicious, and now she seemed warm and shy. She smiled down at Phoebe.
Moments later the princess and queen were slipping out of their gowns. King Octavius entered as the two were leaving the room. “Thank you for remembering about your fitting, dear. Please do not forget the portrait sitting shortly.” Emmaline delicately touched her husband’s cheek and whispered something in his ear that made him smile. The two ladies disappeared to their bedchambers to ready for their sitting.

*

Octavius, Emmaline and Norman sat through four long, boring hours of sitting for the portrait. Afterward, they all headed back to their rooms to change, happy to get up and stretch their stiff bodies.

*

Gertrude woke up early in the morning. He did not have time to notice his head banging like a drum. He had gulped down a couple mugs of blog and headed to the woodpile to fetch wood for his mother. He brought stores in from the outside larder and sat down at the table, holding his head in his hands, wishing the room would stop spinning. There had been far too much celebrating last night at the market house. The celebration followed him home, too. Well-wishers kept coming to the hovel and drinks kept getting poured. It was in the wee hours of the morning when the merriment had ended. Gertrude sat and pondered if he would survive the celebrating. He looked up when he heard shuffling feet. “Mother, aren’t you a vision of loveliness this morning…”
Winifred looked at her son and scowled. Her graying red hair was twisting in all different directions and had invited a few stray feathers from her down pillow. She was pasty-looking and the circles under her bloodshot eyes seemed to glow red. “You should talk, my son. You look as if you crawled out of death’s bed!” She tried to smile but it hurt too much. She poured herself some blog and sat quietly opposite Gertrude with her eyes closed.  A knock at the door brought them both out of their stupor.
“Good…. Oh my! I guess it isn’t a very good morning for either of you…” Derry smiled as she went over and helped herself to some blog. “I’m going to whip up a tonic for the both of you that was handed down to me by my mother.” Derry quickly got busy and in no time at all she had brewed up a dark brown, thick, syrupy drink. “Here, drink this down once it cools a little and it will clear your minds.”
Winifred looked at her dear friend. “And what brings the sunshine and flowers into your day? You seem very happy about something.” 
“True, Winifred.  I just received an invitation to the princess’ ball. I’ve never been to a ball before. I came over so that maybe you could help me decide what to wear.”
Gertrude smirked. “Clothes would be a good idea…”
Derry picked up a pot and a wooden spoon and walked over towards Gertrude. ‘BANG!’ The wooden spoon hit the pot with a sound of a thousand knocks at the door.
Gertrude smiled and held his head. “I’ll be good. I promise!” His brew had cooled enough and he gulped it down.
Winifred followed suit. “Is the invitation the reason you came over to see us?”
“It is only one of the reasons. I ran into Toddy this morning. She told me that she saw Meade talking to a strange frog troll. She had never seen him before. So we assume he is from a neighboring kingdom.” Derry grabbed a cookie out of a small crock on a nearby shelf.
“Meade…what a sorry excuse for a frog troll!  I usually try not to pass judgment on someone. He seems to be as contemptuous as Toggart.” Winifred scrunched up her face with a look of disgust
“Toddy saw the frog troll leave but, before he did, he handed something to Meade on the sly. It was small enough that Toddy could not see what the item was. Then Meade noticed Toddy and went into his hovel.” Derry shook her head. “We will have to keep a close eye on your two nephews. Why does your sister put up with them?”
“I have asked myself the same question a thousand times…” Winifred stood up and ambled over to the stove for another mug of blog. “You know, Derry, that brew seems to be working as I am feeling a lot better.”
Gertrude had remained quiet. He had not said a word to his mother about Zeon being captured by the King’s men. They only had to worry about Meade. “Mother, could you please pour me another cup of blog?”
Winifred brought the pot of the green liquid over to the table and poured the last of the blog into his mug. “Would the two of you care for anything to eat?” 
“I could go for a couple of eggs, maybe. Oh, and some bacon sounds good, too, and how about some cockroach muffins with rose nectar sauce?” Gertrude licked his lips.
Winifred laughed. “Derry, I need a recipe for that brew you gave us. Gertrude is definitely feeling better.” They all laughed.
A knock at the door had Gertrude getting up from his seat to see who it was. “Hi, Grumps, come on in and join us for some breakfast. Sit down and have some blog. I am sure it is almost ready.”
“I went looking for the Grand Frog Troll this morning to ask him when we were going to get a new Grand Frog Troll. Couldn’t find the old wrinkled bug eater… He is never around when you want him. Where’s that cup of blog?” Grumps walked over to the stove to where Winifred was standing. “Got any of those wiggle worm cookies of yours?” Grumps took a second look at his daughter. “I seem to know you from somewhere.”
Winifred shook her head in disbelief. “Father, has Phoebe been over to see you? Is she bringing you your meals when you need them?”
“Don’t want to eat anything named ‘fried bees’. Unusual name, too. I’m hungry!” Grumps looked at the mug in his hands that Winifred has handed him. “Disgusting looking stuff!  What kind of an inn are you running here? I hope you don’t think I’m going to pay for this!”
Gertrude could see the exasperation mounting in his mother. “Grumps, let’s go over and sit down for a while.” Gertrude turned his grandfather toward the table and steered him to one of the chairs. “Grumps, what did you do yesterday?”
“Watched my pet spider, Legs, spin this beautiful web. Had trouble feeding him, though. He wouldn’t eat the carrots I was throwing his way. He got mad at me and hid in the corner for the rest of the day.” Grumps watched as Winifred placed a large plate of bacon and eggs in front of him. “Thank you Winifred, you are a sweet daughter.”
“You are welcome, Father.” Tears ran down Winifred’s face. She valued the rare moments when she had her father back.
Soon everyone had a plate of food and a cup of blog. They watched Grumps scarf up the food in front of him. A second plate of food disappeared, too.
Grumps got up from the table. “I’m tired.  If you will excuse me, I’m going to my room for a nap.” Before any of them could say a word, Grumps walked to Gertrude’s room and lay down on the bed. In an instant, he was snoring.
Winifred smiled at first, but the smile faded like a beautiful sunset. “We are going to have to make room for Grumps here with us. I do not want him living alone anymore. I do not think my sister is doing what she promised me she would do. Gertrude, do you think you can go and pack Grump’s clothes and bring them over? We can partition off part of this room to make a sleeping area for him.”
“I will let Grumps have my room, Mother. I can bring his bed over and use it for myself.” Gertrude looked at his mother as she smiled.
“You are a good, caring son. I don’t know what I did to deserve a son like you, but I thank Kern for the blessing every day.” Winifred walked over and gave him a kiss on his forehead.
“Winifred, have you figured out what you are going to wear to the ball?” Derry started clearing the dishes off of the table and taking them over to the sink to be washed.
“I have an old gown that was my mother’s that I thought that I could redo a little to update it. I always liked the fabric that it was made of, and it holds fond memories as I can remember my mother wearing it. What are you going to wear?” Winifred put the kettle on the stove to heat water to wash the dishes.
“I have been weaving some material for over a year now out of dyed caterpillar cocoons. I only need to weave another foot of material and then I’ll have enough for my gown.” Derry wiped off the table and walked over to the sink next to her friend. “Will you help me sew it, Winifred? You know that I am all ‘feet’ when it comes to sewing. Remember the apron I tried to sew?”
Winifred laughed. “How could I forget an apron that had four sleeves? Of course I’ll help you.”
Gertrude laughed along with the ladies. “I am going to go over and get Grumps’ stuff now.” He put on his coat and hat. “I shall go see if Waggs can help me with the bed and dresser.” Out the door he went, leaving the two women with their plans for the ball. 

It was a beautiful winter’s day, the kind of day when the snow crunches beneath your feet and the snow sparkles like a million diamonds. Gertrude drew in a deep breath. He walked a little ways when he heard what sounded like a kitten mewing. 
‘That’s strange’ he thought. He walked towards the sound. Gertrude could hear the plaintive cry of the little creature but could not find him. He came across an old wood box that was sitting beside a shed. Lifting the cover up, his eyes fell upon a litter of kittens. All but one was frozen. He gently picked the poor thing up and stuck him inside his coat. Gertrude could feel the kitten shivering. Grumps’ clothing and furniture would have to wait ‘til later. Heading back home to get the kitten warm was his first priority. He stepped through the doorway to find his mother and Derry still chatting about the ball.
Winifred turned to see Gertrude enter the hovel and puzzled. “I thought that you were off to get Grumps’ clothing and furniture?”
Gertrude withdrew the half-frozen kitten from its hiding place. “I found an orphan that needs some care.”
“Oh, my!” Winifred rushed over and tenderly picked up the tiny creature. “Where did you find the poor thing? Was he the only one?”
Gertrude took off his hat and coat. “I found the litter in an old wood box. This one was the only one still alive. The mother must have gotten killed or abandoned the babies due to the cold.”
Derry had put a couple of flat stones in the oven to heat and then wrapped them in some heavy cloth. “Do you have any goat’s milk, Winnie?”
“Yes, at the back of the first shelf in the back closet where it will stay cold. We have to name the poor thing, or it will not survive.” Winifred paused for a moment. “I have the perfect name for it. We will call it ‘Surprise’. It was a surprise to find it and another surprise that the poor thing survived.”
Gertrude smiled. ”A fitting name it is…”
Winifred laid Surprise on the stones and opened its tiny mouth to force some nutrition into it, then looked up at Gertrude and Derry. “We will have to take turns trying to feed the poor thing through the night. Derry, you don’t mind staying to help, do you?”
“It’s been a long time since I had to stay up to feed a wee one, but I’ll be glad to help.”
Even though the sun had been shining and he had dressed warmly, Gertrude still felt chilled, so he poured himself some blog. “Mother while I was out, I wondered what I might be wearing to the ball. What would you suggest?”
Winifred stopped trying to get more milk into the kitten. She walked over to an oversized old trunk in one corner of the room and removed the accumulation from its lid. The lid opened with a long, low creaking sound. She started to take things out, piling them haphazardly on the floor around her. Soon she pulled out a fine leather satchel with the name ‘Sebastian of Tinker Hollow’ inscribed on a small gold plate. “Your father wore this once to a party we were invited to up to the castle many years ago. He looked so handsome in it…” Winifred pulled out a pair of britches made of the finest leather, with a matching coat. Then she pulled out a white blouse with lace cuffs and collar. “Go into my room and try it on so you don’t wake Grumps.”
Gertrude got up from his chair, took the clothes from his mother and disappeared into her bedchamber. Within a couple of minutes, he reappeared. Winifred turned around when he entered the room and dropped what she was holding. Tears fell silently from her huge brown eyes. She shook her head as in if she were trying to clear her brain. Was she hallucinating? With a few steps, she was at Gertrude’s side, fussing over the collar laying properly and pulling the cuffs of the blouse out of their hiding place in the sleeves of the coat. “You look so handsome, my son.” Winifred choked back a sob. “You do so look like your father in this outfit...”
“What is all this noise out here? Who invited all of you pe…….?” Grumps spotted Gertrude. “Sebastian, it has been a long time since I have seen your scrawny hide. How are you doing?”  Grumps grabbed Gertrude’s hand in both of his and smiled broadly. “Did you finally come to ask this young doe of a daughter of mine to share your bed?”
Gertrude played along with Grump’s confused mind. “Yes, sir, that is why I am here today, to ask your permission to marry your beautiful, talented daughter, Winifred.” Gertrude grabbed his mother by the waist and whisked her around the floor in a dance.
Grumps looked at Gertrude as if something in his brain was connecting. “Why are you dressed in those clothes, Gertrude?”
“I am trying them on to see how well they fit. I have been invited up to the castle for the princess’ birthday ball.”
“Have you seen, Legs, my pet spider? I thought for sure he had spun a web out here in the kitchen.” He started to walk over to the door and Winifred stopped him. “Oh, are you going someplace, Winifred?”
“No, and neither are you. This is your home. You are going to live here with us.” Winifred turned her father around and led him over to where Surprise was lying on the towel. “Look what Gertrude found in a wood box… a kitten.”
Grumps large hands reached for the kitten before anyone could stop him. He tenderly picked up Surprise. He shuffled over to a chair and sat down. “Where have you been, Agabus? I haven’t seen you in a long time. You sure haven’t grown much.” The other three watched quietly, wondering.
Winifred remembered their old cat, Agabus, when they were growing up. If her recollection was correct, her father adored the cat. She shrugged her shoulders. “I guess ‘Agabus’ is the name of our new family member.” Winifred busied herself with her baking. Grumps seemed content holding the kitten and sat quietly in the chair. Derry excused herself and went home to take care of a few things that she needed to attend to.

*

Gertrude once again donned his coat and hat and headed for Grumps’ house. He opened the door and was immediately greeted by a huge spider scurrying across an intricate web. He caught himself as he slipped on something on the floor. Carrots!  The whole floor was littered with them! Gertrude smiled, shook his head, chuckled and started to collect Grumps’ clothing. 
Gertrude was surprised by the years of accumulation Grumps had. Gertrude even ran across some of his grandmother’s clothing. He wondered what his Grandmother had been like. He ran his fingers over one of her dresses and lifted the garment to his face. He could smell the burnt beet sugar bread that his Mother said her mother use to bake for the family. The recipe was lost when she died and even though his mother had tried to duplicate it, it never came out the same. He wished that he had known her. 
Gertrude stood silently for a moment, surveying his surroundings. Then with a word of wisdom, he mused to himself: “We never truly die, for we live on in the memories of others.” With that said, Gertrude once again busied himself with the task at hand. He made three trips to Grumps’ hovel. On his fourth return trip, he stopped at Wagg’s house to ask him for help.  Waggs didn’t have to be asked twice to help. He donned his hat and coat and they went down the street together, with his dog, Bones, barking at every shadow that moved. “Do I have to call you Mr. Grand Frog Troll now, or do I have to call you by your full name?”
Gertrude stopped in his tracks and smiled one of his mischievous grins. “Neither, actually... I prefer the title of ‘Oh Illustrious One’. If that one bothers you, how about ‘Your Excellency’?”
“I have one better…” blurted Waggs. “How about ‘Grand Donkey’s Rear’?” Waggs gave Gertrude a sound punch in his arm.
“OW! Okay, I guess you can call me ‘Gertrude’ still.” Gertrude feigned a punch with his right hand, and landed a blow with his left fist on Wagg’s arm. The two laughed and moved on.
Gertrude opened the door to Grumps’ hovel. “Be careful, Waggs, my grandfather has been feeding his pet spider well, and there is a huge web just inside the door.”
Waggs paid little heed to Gertrude’s warning and ran face first into Legs’ web. “Legs scurried over to this unexpected treat, and quickly spun a cocoon around Waggs. “Get me out of here, Gertrude!”
“I think I prefer ‘Oh Illustrious One’... The name ‘Gertrude’ just does not carry the same connotation of someone who rescues frog trolls from spiders.” Gertrude took his pocket knife out from his pants pocket and started to cut Waggs free from his sticky prison. Within a few minutes, Legs’ lunch was free of his bonds. Gertrude looked over at the angry spider. “Sorry, Legs…” 
Gertrude walked over to where there were some tins sitting on an old trunk. He opened all three of them before he found what he was looking for. He reached into the can and withdrew some huge green and red beetles. Gertrude tossed them into the web. Once again the spider made quick work of imprisoning the captives in one of his silky cocoons. “I’ll have to tell my mother about these webs so she can come over and harvest them.”
“Oh, Illustrious One, what do you want your most humble servant to do for you now?” Waggs asked sarcastically.
Gertrude punched Waggs in the arm. “How about getting the dresser and the bed over to my mother’s place?” They both grabbed one end of the dresser and hauled it out through the door. In a couple of hours they had the rest of Grumps’ belongings moved. Gertrude thanked Waggs and bid him a good day. He was tired from all of the lifting and carrying that the work had entailed. He entered the hovel once again. The smell of fresh-made blog and a large kettle of soup greeted the tired troll. Grumps was dozing in a chair in the corner, with Agabus nestled in his hands. “What are you doing, Mother?” Gertrude inquired.
Winifred’s hands were deftly sewing away on a piece of sky-blue cloth. “I am working on my dress for the ball. If I do not have too many interruptions, I may get it done on time.” Winifred looked up at Gertrude and smiled. “Thank you for moving all of that stuff today. I really do appreciate it. Supper is almost ready; you should wash.  I would like you to keep an eye on your grandfather while I go over and visit with my sister after dinner is finished. I want to give her a piece of my mind, and let her know about father.”
“That will give me some time to set up my bed and put up some curtains for some privacy. I must go up to the castle tomorrow to talk with Octavius. I want to let him know that I am going to set up guards around the village. We must keep watch, as I fear we may be attacked at some point soon. The snows have kept the villains away, but I have noticed signs of a thaw coming. It will enable danger to stalk into town.”
Winifred put down her sewing and finished preparing the night’s meal. Grumps put the kitten on a warm piece of cloth on the table next to him as he ate. Gertrude found himself hungry and in no time downed two huge bowls of soup. When dinner was over, the kitchen was cleaned.

*

Winifred wrapped herself in her coat and put on her hat. “I am leaving for Phoebe and Farkle’s now. I do not know how long it will take, but I shouldn’t be long.” Winifred opened the door and closed it behind her.The winter wind gnawed at Winifred’s face as she made her way through the almost deserted streets. She kept a wary eye out for strangers. To her relief, she made it to her sister’s house without encountering any trouble. Candlelight streamed from the windows and smoke billowed from the chimney. ‘Good, someone is home,’ she thought. She walked up onto the stoop and knocked. She waited a moment and knocked again. Footsteps sounded from inside and she heard Phoebe cussing up a storm.  The door opened swiftly and Phoebe ceased her swearing when she saw who it was. “Sister!?” Phoebe peered back inside, and the color faded from her face. “I am sorry, Winifred, but this is not a good time for a visit. Could you please come back tomorrow when I am free to chat?”
Winifred barged through the door, catching Phoebe totally by surprise. It was Winifred’s turn to be surprised. At the table sat a tall human, the candlelight accenting the chiseled features of the man. Over in the corner sat Farkle with a worried look on his face. “My goodness, Phoebe, why did you not tell me you had company? I am Winifred of Tinker Hollow, and who are you, sir?”
“Please sister, please leave.” Phoebe said with a note of hysteria creeping into her voice.
“I am sorry that I came at a bad time, Phoebe...” Winifred scowled and spoke sternly to her younger sister. “I came to tell you that I had Gertrude move father into our place. You have failed to uphold your part of our bargain. We had agreed that you would watch father and keep him fed. He almost froze to death one day making his way to my hovel and his bones are showing from underneath his clothing. You gave me your solemn word that you would do this. You have disgraced your name!”  Winifred’s anger mounted to the point that she burst into tears.” You do not have to worry about me coming back tomorrow, sister.” Winifred sobbed. “I will expect you to come to my hovel to talk.”
Winifred did not look at the human or her brother-in-law. She pushed her sister to one side and stepped out into the cold. It was snowing again and the street was a little darker. She found herself out of breath and paused for a moment. Frog trolls ears are sensitive to sounds and she heard footsteps coming her way, sensing that it was not a frog troll following her because the footsteps were too light. It must be the human that was at her sister’s hovel. She knew that she could not take the time to knock and wake someone. Her only hope was to make it home, behind the safety of her own door.  She lifted her dress and started running. Winifred did not know what was racing faster - her feet or her pounding heart. She had never felt the fear that she held in her heart at that moment. Dread seemed to overshadow her thinking. ‘I must remain calm.’ She glanced back and saw a shadow chasing hers. 
She had to make it home, she just had to… She saw the hovel and her heart gave a leap. With all strength she could muster, she screamed, “Gertrude! Ger-tru-de!!” She felt the human’s ever-growing presence behind her and  hear his heavy breathing. A hand from behind, pawing to catch a hold spurred her to move faster. “Gertrude! Gertrude! Gertrude!” 
A voice behind her uttered, “I almost have you, you filthy creature….” A glint of a sword and a muffled thud caught Winifred’s ears. She continued running. The door to the hovel was wide open. Her legs were so tired that she did not pick them up far enough and tripped over the threshold, landing on the floor with a crash. She glanced around and saw the shadow of a figure coming through the door. Winifred screamed and grabbed for her broom so that she might defend herself.
Gertrude got down on the floor next to his trembling mother. “You are all right, Mother.” Laying down his bloodstained sword, he grabbed her in his arms and rocked her as she sobbed and sobbed. “Shhh… You are all right, everything is fine. Calm yourself. Everything is fine.” Gertrude thought of all the times when he had nightmares as a child and how his mother would cradle him in her arms and whisper it was all right.
“Oh, my!” Derry appeared at the door. “I thought I heard screams, and I saw the door to your hovel open.”
“Take care of my mother, Derry. I have to go check on something.” Gertrude got to his feet and lit out the door. When he returned a while later there was blood on his hands and clothing. Gertrude looked pale and tired as he entered the hovel. Derry and his mother were sitting at the table, holding each other’s hands and drinking a cup of blog. “How are you doing, Mother?” Gertrude walked over to where she was sitting and gave her a kiss on the forehead.
“I am doing much better, thank you. Did you find the person who was after me?” She peered down at Gertrude’s blood-stained clothes and gasped. “Are you hurt?!”
“I am fine, Mother. It is not my blood that you see. It belongs to the human that was chasing you. He had a knife in his hand, ready to use it on you. The scoundrel’s black heart caught the tip of my blade when he made his final lunge at you. I went back to check out who he was. I have never seen this person before. Do you know why this human was after you?”
Candlelight accented tears welling up in her eyes once again. “I do not know why he was after me. I accidentally came upon the human at your aunt and uncle’s hovel. I had barged in when Phoebe opened her door and refused to let me in. I gave her a piece of my mind and left. A short distance from their hovel, I became aware that someone was following me.” Winifred picked up the corner of her apron and wiped the tears from her eyes.
“You apparently weren’t supposed to know that he was there, even though you did it by accident.” A pounding sounded on the door. A familiar voice beckoned for someone to open the door, a voice filled with terror and concern. Gertrude unlatched the door.
“Winifred, Winifred, oh, I am so sorry!” Phoebe practically knocked Gertrude to the floor in her haste to see her sister. “Are you all right?!” She ran over to Winifred’s side and fell to the floor sobbing, her head resting on Winifred’s lap. “I was so afraid, so afraid... Please forgive me. I did not know what to do…”
Winifred hesitated for a moment, and then laid her hand upon her sister’s head. “What in the world has possessed you lately, sister? It was so unlike you not to care for father. Now you and Farkle are entertaining demons that wish us harm.”
“He is one of Lemerich’s men. He was here to relay any information that I had gleaned from working up at the castle and convey it to Lemerich.” Phoebe stood up and looked at Winifred and Gertrude.
Gertrude shook his head. “But why are you helping Lemerich? How does he control your will to do right?”
“Lemerich is a devious man. He controls people by blackmailing them to do his dastardly deeds. Toggart fell into his clutches with the mere promise of having the title Grand Frog Troll again. His greed and stupidity will be his demise. Zeon and Meade are followers. They have twisted ideas of how everything should work. They fell into Lemerich’s scheme of things through Toggart. They were promised power and money. Then after Meade got burned, Lemerich got his viperous way with us. He told Farkle and me that if we didn’t cooperate, that our son’s bodies would be floating in the river.” Phoebe started to cry. “Oh why have I been so stupid?”
Gertrude walked over to the stove and poured two mugs of blog. “Sit over here, Auntie, and please tell us all that you can. Maybe we can help you out of this mess. To ease your mind as to the safety of my cousins, Zeon is safe up at the castle. After tonight I will make sure that Meade is given a room up at the castle also.”
Phoebe smiled wanly. “I am so sorry that I did not come sooner to tell you about all of this. My heart has been sick with worry and my conscience has been keeping me up at night.  When Lemerich’s man went after you, I realized that my troubles would only grow.”
Grumps walked into the room holding Agabus. The kitten had survived and now found it a delight to crawl up Grumps’ arm and lay on his shoulder.  Phoebe looked up at her father and smiled. Then she noticed how his clothes were hanging on his large frame. She started to cry. “I am sorry, Father, that I have neglected your needs.” She got up from her chair and went over and hugged him.
“Mother, I must go and tend to business. I must go see the mortician. Then I am off to the castle to see Norman and Octavius. I am also going to stop at Gillion’s hovel to let him know what has taken place.” Gertrude put on his coat and hat and disappeared out the doorway.
Phoebe’s eyes opened to the size of saucers. “Who has died? Is it someone I know?”
Winifred looked at her sister and paused before she answered her questions. “Yes, you did know him. He met with the end of Gertrude’s sword just before I was about to feel his blade in me. Your visitor meant to kill me.”
Phoebe gasped and put her hands across her mouth. “Oh, what have I done?! Farkle warned me that we were doing the wrong thing, but I wouldn’t listen. If something had happened to you, sister, I would never have forgiven myself…”
“I am tired of all this gloomy talk. Let us change the subject.” Winifred got up from the table and went to her room. She returned as quickly as she had left. In her arms she was carrying her mother’s dress. “I thought that you might like to see what I will be wearing to the ball, sister.” Winifred held up the dress for the other two ladies to admire.
“I remember another doe who wore a similar dress to that one. She was so beautiful…” Grumps shook his head as he reached up and pulled Agabus down from his shoulder onto his lap.
Phoebe let out a gasp. “Winifred, the dress is beautiful! What extraordinary appliqué. Where did you learn beading like that? I dare say that it makes mine look shabby.”
“Thank you for the compliment, sister.” Winifred was beaming.
Derry eyed the gown. “I am very jealous. I will be the only frog troll at the ball that will look like a frog troll.” She smirked and started laughing.

Chapter Eleven

The night air was bitter, and the wind stung Gertrude’s face. He made his way slowly and laboriously to the coroner’s hovel. The sled bearing the body of the human was heavy and it took all of Gertrude’s strength to pull it. He finally arrived at his first destination, mounted the stairs, knocked on the door and waited.
The door opened. In the doorway stood Jasper the coroner, an elderly frog troll with a large grey beard and purple age spots all over his face. “Gertrude, by what honor is it that I should be receiving a visit from the Grand Frog Troll?”
Gertrude pointed at the sled. “I have a dead human for you to take care of. I do not wish to leave him out all night for the rats to feast on him.  I would not wish such a bad meal on a harmless rat.”
Jasper smiled and nodded. “Is this one of the apothecary’s failures or did he die by other means?” 
“He wasn’t paying attention to where he was going and ran into the end of my sword. He was trying to kill my mother.” Gertrude saw Jasper’s brows raise in surprise.
“I do hope your mother is all right. I have an order for bread and cookies for tomorrow’s eve for my dinner.”
Gertrude smiled broadly. “If you would be so kind to get a coat and hat on, I would be most happy to help you take him to your mortuary.”
Jasper disappeared inside and reappeared moments later dressed for the cold evening air. The shop was only down a few hundred feet from his hovel and with combined effort, they managed to get the body into the vault.
“I will send the bill to you, oh Grand Frog Troll. I expect a fine dinner and a chance to set my gaze upon that beautiful mother of yours.” He faked a lurid smile.
“You old letch!  I do not think that it is the food that you want to feast upon.” Gertrude hit Jasper on the back. “Thank you. I must go see Gillion before the evening ages.”
Gertrude turned and headed toward Gillion’s. The wind had picked up.  It whistled around the buildings, creating whirling snow devils in his path. The candles were still shining in the windows of Gillion’s hovel. He mounted the steps, raised the large brass door knocker and brought it down on the hammer with a loud ‘Clang!’ Coming from inside, Gertrude could hear a voice and Gillion’s dog, Rose, barking.
“Come in and leave the cold outside.”
Gertrude quickly opened the door, stepped in and closed it quickly behind him. “Gillion, it is me, Gertrude. How are you this eve?” Gertrude reached down to stroke Rose and scratch behind her ears.
“I am freezing! The wind seems to have found every hole in the shell of my house. What, dare I ask, brings you out on a night like this?” Gillion shifted in his chair and pulled a blanket up over him. “The blog is hot and the boo-boo juice is in the cupboard above it.”
“No thank you, Gillion. I have other business to attend to tonight.” Gertrude was about to sit down.
“Not for you, you young hopper, for me! And please put an extra drop of the juice in it to warm this old frog troll’s bones.” Gillion waved his hand for Gertrude to get busy.
Gertrude smiled, walked over to the stove and did Gillion’s bidding. He handed the boo-boo laced blog to him and sat down. “My mother was attacked by a human today...”
Gillion almost spilled the hot blog into his lap. “For the love of Kern! Is she all right ?”
“Yes, she is fine, but the human did not fare as well. I just left his body over at Jasper’s.  I think we need to call another meeting of the committee tomorrow. I thought that I would give you the courtesy of being the first to know. I plan on asking the committee for permission to set up guards around the village.” 
“In light of the attack on your mother, I think that would be prudent. I shall send Rose in the morning over to Wendlyn’s with a note. He will see that the message is delivered to the rest of the committee members.” Gillion sipped his blog.
“I thank you for your help, Gillion. I must leave now as I have to go and inform Octavius and Norman of the day’s events and of the meeting tomorrow.” Gertrude got to his feet and donned his winter wear once again.
“Be snappy when you leave, Gertrude. I do not need the cold to find my old bones…” Gillion pulled the blanket up further around him.

*

Awll disappeared behind Gertrude as he made his way up to the castle. He was surprised to see so much activity going on this late in the evening as he approached his destination.
The stairs were festooned with pinecones and evergreen boughs and huge candles rose above them. He walked up the stairway and pounded on the great door. A page opened it and bid him to enter. Gertrude stood just inside the foyer, looking at all of the beautiful decorations while he waited for the page’s introduction.
“Gertrude! It is so wonderful to see you. We are looking forward to the party your mother is giving the day after tomorrow.” Norman smiled one of her heart-stopping smiles. “Please come in and join us for a cup of tea and some cakes.”  Gertrude smiled back and followed Norman into the Grand Hall. Octavius and Emmaline were sitting near the fire. 
Octavius rose to his feet as they entered. “Gertrude, please come join us, my friend. Is this a social visit or a matter of concern? Please sit down. Would you care for a cup of tea?”
Gertrude said ‘hello’ to the Queen and took a chair next to hers. “I am afraid that it is a matter of concern that brings me here. Tonight, my mother was attacked by a human.”
“Is your mother all right, Gertrude? Are you sure it was a human?” The king looked at him questioningly.
“She is well, just a little bit shook up by the whole ordeal. I finished taking the body to the coroner’s. He lies in a vault as we speak. He was chasing my mother earlier this eve down the streets of our village. He had a knife drawn and would have found his target if I hadn’t stopped him. She had seen him up at her sister’s house, and he took chase after she left. I assume that he felt threatened and he didn’t want anyone to know that he was in the village.”
“What was this scoundrel doing at your aunt’s hovel?” The king was thoroughly perplexed.
“My aunt and uncle were being blackmailed by Lemerich. This black-hearted knave was enforcing Lemerich’s orders. He had gained control over my cousins through our past Grand Frog Troll, Toggart, and threatened all of them harm if they did not cooperate. You are already housing one of my cousins, Zeon. I believe that you should lock up my other cousin, Meade, for his safety and the safety of others.”
“Please forgive me, Gertrude, but what role were your aunt and uncle playing in this scheme?” The king leaned his head upon his hand and looked intently at Gertrude.
“They were relaying information to Lemerich as to what was happening in the kingdom. I do not believe that they found out that much, even though my aunt was up here at the castle, working on the ladie’s gowns for the ball.” 
Octavius nodded. “I do not believe in talking about the workings of my government in front of guests, so I believe you are correct in your assumption. Do you think your aunt and uncle would be interested in helping us by giving Lemerich false information?”
Gertrude smiled. “I was thinking the same thing. I will go tomorrow morning to ask for their help. After this evening, I believe my aunt would do anything to restore the honor to her family name.”
Octavius rang a bell and a page appeared before them. “Go find the commander and have him come here. I wish for him to pick up a troublemaker.” Octavius smiled at Gertrude. “Are you sure you want to have your cousin locked up? We have no evidence against him except hearsay.”
“The burns on his arm tell me he was playing with fire. I believe that if you question him and tell him that if you don’t get the information you desire, he will be making little rocks out of big rocks for the rest of his life, I am sure you will find him guilty of aiding the enemy. Now I must be going. I am sorry I disturbed you so late in the evening. I felt I should talk to you before you heard about it through the local gossip mill.”
“Thank you, my friend, for informing me. Please accept my apologies if you felt that I mistrusted you.” Octavius stood up. “Please, Gertrude, let me walk you to the door. I do hope your mother is doing fine. Please tell her that we are thinking of her.” The two stopped at the door.
“My mother will appreciate your concern. I will be setting up guards around our village starting tomorrow. I would suggest that you do the same, Octavius. This step may not stop the intrusions into your kingdom and villages, but it will make them aware that we will not stand idly by.”
“I agree, Gertrude. I shall charge Andre with the task of finding your cousin, Meade, and putting guards at the borders of the kingdom. The ball is next week and I do not wish to have the event marred by turmoil.” Octavius opened the door. “Good night, Gertrude, and thank you again.”
Gertrude stepped out into the chill of the night air once more. The wind was still playing with the snow in a game of tag. It was very quiet. He stopped for a moment to listen to the wind racing through nearby pines. Suddenly he heard footsteps and saw a shadowy figure running towards him. “Halt, who goes there?” 
The figure slowed to a walk. “Gertrude, it is me, Norman.” Norman was out of breath from running in the cold air. “You did not speak to me at all up at the castle, and I wanted to make sure that everything was fine between us. I could feel a little tension between you and my father. Is everything all right?”
Gertrude chuckled. “Ladies are the first to think that something is wrong when there is nothing wrong at all. Everything is fine, Norman. If something were bothering me concerning our friendship, I would not hesitate to tell you.”
“I am glad you said that. Why haven’t you been up to see me?” Norman pulled her coat up closer to her face.
“I am sorry about your accident.  When did you break both of your legs?” Gertrude smiled one of his devilish smiles.
Norman looked at him, not understanding his question. “I did not break my legs.”
Gertrude folded his arms in front of him. “Pre-cisely!”
“Oh…Oh! Well I have been busy with the preparations for the ball.” Norman appeared to be insulted. Then she looked at Gertrude and started laughing. “Well, I am glad that you are not angry with me. I am freezing. I am going back in before my nose turns into a strawberry.”
“I shall walk you back to the door. Your father would be angry with me if I were to let something happen to you.” The two walked back to the castle door in silence. 
Norman turned towards Gertrude and gave him a hug and a kiss. “Thank you, Gertrude.” She opened the door and disappeared.
Gertrude found himself once again standing alone out in the cold. ‘Well, I had better be off before I freeze, although I am sure that I would make a better gargoyle than some standing guard on the castle walls.’ The walk was long, cold and tiring. A single candle flickered in the window by the door. Everyone had gone to bed. Gertrude got undressed, washed and put on his nightshirt. He crawled into bed and fell into a deep sleep. 
*

The next morning dawned with rays of sunlight bouncing around the room. Gertrude was startled awake when something else bounced across his face. Something was down under the covers. “OW!” Gertrude reached down and pulled out a purring Agabus. He smiled, and lay back down. Agabus curled up on Gertrude’s beard and fell asleep. A pan dropping in the kitchen once again startled Gertrude awake.
Winifred was scurrying around the kitchen like a rat looking for an escape route from a cat. She looked towards Gertrude. “This is all your fault, you know… I have too much to do and not enough time to do it!” A knock sounded at the door. Gertrude opened it.
“Good morning, Gertrude. Don’t you look lovely today!” Derry barged past him, carrying bags of roots and herbs. “I am sorry I am late, Winifred. The bed felt so good to me this morning that I could not resist staying there a few moments longer. What would you have me do?”
Winifred smiled at her friend. “I just got out of bed myself, Derry. I am so far behind. My son is behind in his chores, too, as I don’t have any wood for my oven. Since you have the roots we need for the pies, why don’t we start on those.”
Gertrude watched the two ladies scurrying around and decided that he had best get dressed. In the wink of an eye, he was out the door and fetching the wood his mother had requested. “Mother, Derry, don’t forget about the committee meeting later.”
Winifred and Derry stopped in their tracks and looked at each other and went into a panic. Pieces of vegetables were flying everywhere and the mist from the flour hung in the air. Soon the stovetop was full of pots and the ovens were emitting the aromatic smell of freshly baking breads. Gertrude was just about to bring in the last load of wood when Toddy appeared.  “Hello, Gertrude. I heard about your mother. Is she all right?”
“She’s fine. Come inside and see for yourself.” Gertrude followed Toddy through the door.  “Mother, Toddy is here for a visit.”
“Oh, by the blessing of Kern! Do you have time to help us with our chores? I have to have all of this ready for the celebration tomorrow night.” Winifred pleaded, looking at Toddy. 
“I really came down here to see Gertrude, but I do find myself with some spare time today.” She glanced at Gertrude to see the surprised look on his face. “What would you have me do, Winifred?”
“I need to have the roots in the sink peeled and sliced.”  Winifred handed Toddy an apron and helped her tie it in the back. “You are such a sweet child for helping me in my time of need.” Toddy looked at Gertrude as she shrugged her shoulders and got ushered over to the sink by Winifred.

*

The day went by quickly. Gertrude found himself ‘grandfather sitting’ for most of the day until it was time for him to leave for the committee meeting. He was happy to leave the hovel with all of the commotion and the three ladies talking incessantly about nothing. The cold air cleared his head, and he started thinking about the meeting. He was worried about what would happen. 
As it turned out, Gertrude had nothing to worry about at all. The meeting came and went with the issue of the guards getting passed unanimously. Everyone was looking forward to the celebration on the next eve. Gertrude could feel a headache coming on. After the meeting, he was closing up the market house when it had dawned on him that he had not asked anyone to the ball yet. He wondered if Toddy would be upset for asking her so late. Well, maybe he could catch up to her. He walked quickly in the direction of Bertha’s as Toddy had mentioned earlier that she was going to go visit her mother. He soon caught sight of her and called to her. 
“Toddy, please wait. I would like to talk to you.” He saw her pause and turn around. Gertrude quickly walked up to her. He noticed the lovely smile and the twinkle in her robin’s egg blue eyes. All of a sudden he could not find the words he wanted to say to her.
“What do you want to talk about, Gertrude?” Toddy’s smile grew even broader and a sparkle of light now danced in her eyes.
“I was…well… you know.” Gertrude grew more frustrated with himself the harder he tried. “Will you go to the ball with me next Saturs-day eve?”
Toddy acted stunned, and a look of absolute horror sprang across her face. “OH MY! I haven’t a thing to wear!” She stopped for a moment and she saw the stunned look on Gertrude’s face. “Yes, I will go to the ball with you.” She threw herself at him and gave him a huge kiss, then grabbed him and she started whirling him through the snow, pretending to be dancing in her gown.
Gertrude found himself humming a dance tune as the two frog trolls bounced in the snow. Out of breath, they glided to a stop and both broke into laughter. It was at that moment that something strange happened to Gertrude. He wrapped Toddy in his arms and gave her a kiss. “I love you, Toddy, and have for a long time.”
Toddy looked at Gertrude and tears sprang to her eyes. “I love you, too.” She kissed Gertrude once again. “I should go in to see my mother now.”
Gertrude looked into her eyes and his heart melted more. He took her hands. “I have to go also. I am sure mother is going to wonder where I am.” He escorted Toddy to her mother’s door and bid her a good night. He walked home light-hearted and found himself in front of the hovel in no time. Dinner was on the table when he entered. “Hello, Mother. Hello, Grumps.”
“It’s about time you came in from playing with your friends, you scrawny hopper! Get washed and ready to eat.” Grumps already had a fork in one hand and a dull knife in the other. Agabus was asleep on his shoulder. “Are you finished with the preparations for the party tomorrow’s eve, Mother?”
Winifred looked exhausted as she brought a large pot of earthworm stew to the table. “Yes, everything is ready. After the dishes are done, I still have some work to do on my dress for the ball.”
“I will clean up after dinner, Mother, so you can work on your dress.” Gertrude could see the relief in his mother’s eyes.
“Why is your mother making you a dress, hopper?” Grumps was eating the stew quickly and it was slopping down the front of him.
“Gertrude would look silly in a dress, Father.” Winifred poured some root juice into their mugs.
Grumps stopped eating and looked down the front of himself. “Jumpin’ sassafras! I am dressed…”
Winifred just shook her head and smiled. “Tomorrow is going to be a long day, Father. You will need to go to bed early and get a good night’s rest.”
Supper ended and Gertrude cleaned the kitchen while his mother worked on her dress. Grumps kept himself amused playing with Agabus. It wasn’t too long before Gertrude noticed how quiet it was. He turned around and found his mother with her head drooped and snoring softly. Grump’s head had found a soft blanket. He had pulled his legs up on the bench. Gertrude smiled and went about getting the sleepy trolls to their rooms, covering them up. He then readied himself for bed and crawled into its comfortable embrace. He heard a little mew and felt Agabus crawl into his beard and settle down for the night. All was well in the Tinker Hollow residence this eve.

*

 Lemerich sat quietly, listening to Toggart, a glass of wine in hand, his face showing no emotion.  Toggart was pleased with himself. He had managed to fulfill Lemerich’s last request completely. “I found the people in the other kingdoms that will do our bidding. It was harder to get some of the frog trolls of the other villages to go along with our plan, but they finally agreed to do your bidding also.”
“Very good.  Did you find out anything about Smirch?” Lemerich sipped his wine and raised an eyebrow.
“Yes, we found his body down in a chasm in the tunnels as I suspected. He must have fallen in while he was in a drunken stupor.” Toggart smiled. “We found his birth charm on his body.”
“What of your small, ugly friend ‘Zooy’ or whatever his name is?  Has he been located?”
“No, we have not found Zeon. The last time he was seen by anyone was when he went to Glennmorley to spy upon the happenings around the storehouses.” Toggart looked at Lemerich as if he was waiting for him to go into another one of his tirades, but none came.
“Perhaps the poor soul got killed by a stray arrow when the stores were raided.” Lemerich emptied his glass and poured another one. “I hope your other little friend, Smeade, has the information that we sent him to retrieve. Oh, and has Boggins returned yet from his visit to your lovely, bucolic village of Awll with the information from that frog troll lady?”
“Meade has not yet returned, and neither has Boggins. Boggins is late, though.  He should have returned yesterday.” Toggart sort of cringed, expecting Lemerich to go into a rage. Still no rage came. Toggart reached for a glass to pour himself some wine.
Lemerich’s voice was low and almost like a growl. “You touch that glass, you filthy little creature, and you will be losing a hand…!”
Toggart withdrew his hand quickly and leered at Lemerich. “I am sorry, Lemerich.  I did not mean to upset you.”
“You always upset me, frog troll. All of your kind upsets me. Your kind can never be trusted. Leave me now before my stomach has had too much of your stench.”  Lemerich arose from the overstuffed chair he had been sitting in and went over to the mirror. He gazed into it, turning his head this way and that and giving himself a smile. His eyes caught sight of Toggart still standing behind him. “Frog troll, I thought that I told you to leave. Surely your small brain understands the word ‘leave’.”
Toggart stood glaring at Lemerich, then cowered down and left under Lemerich’s watchful eyes. He mumbled something as he left, taking a quick glance over his shoulder. Lemerich’s stone-cold gaze cut through his clothing, making the hair along his spine stand on end. He did not trust Lemerich, but he had to play along with the buffoon if his own plan was going to work. The loathing he held in his cold, black heart for Lemerich was second only to Winifred and her idiot son Gertrude. He vowed to get even. “And I shall!” he muttered to himself. 
Down the hall rushed the sound of pounding boots. Toggart looked around and ducked into a little alcove. Soon a small group of soldiers came into view, guarding the unknown prince in the center. They walked directly into the room that Toggart had just left.  Waiting a few moments, he walked back to the doorway. Perhaps this would be a lucky day and he could find out what Lemerich and this prince were up to. 
Toggart still was unable to find out where this prince had come from. Quickly, Toggart leaped toward the doorway. ‘Bang!’ The door closed in his face. He scowled and put his ear up to the thick wooden door. Even with his keen hearing, he found himself straining to hear what was being said on the other side of the door. Toggart’s face distorted from smile to a look of frustration to a look of deep thought. Again a smile erupted on his face as he distinctly heard the prince start to scream at Lemerich. Oh, boy, was he angry! Silence fell and Toggart backed away from the door and hid in the shadows. None too soon the doors opened and the prince appeared. He huffed from the room. Toggart smirked maliciously. So, Lemerich - the high and mighty Lemerich - was in trouble with the prince… ‘This is a fine day’. Toggart smiled more broadly. ‘Maybe I can cause more trouble for Lemerich.’

*

Winifred was beside herself. She was sure that she had forgotten to make a dish, or that the food was going to spoil and she would be responsible for poisoning everyone. She had donned one of her dresses that she had set aside for a special occasion. This was definitely one of them. She went over a mental list of everything that had to go up to the market house. She could always send someone for something if her mental list was at fault. “Grumps, we have to go now. Are you ready to leave? Grumps?” Winifred made her way back to his bedroom. Grumps was on his hands and knees, peering underneath his bed. “What are you doing, Father?”
“A furry monster stole my sock, but I have it trapped underneath my bed.” Grumps grunted as his short arms tried in vain to retrieve the lost sock.
“Here, for the love of Kern, let me get it for you.” Winifred reached blindly for the sock and instead found a small ball of fur. She grabbed hold and brought it forth from its hiding spot, giving a mew of protest. She took the sock out of the ‘monster’s’ jaws and handed it to her father. “Please, Father, we have to get going. It would be in bad taste for the hostess to be late to her own party.”
“A party, you say?  Will there be any food there? I’m getting mighty hungry.” Grumps sat on the floor, putting his sock on. He finally got to his feet and headed for the door.
“Father, are you forgetting something?” Winifred looked down at her father’s feet. “Your boots, Father, your boots.” Winifred shook her head and went over and picked up her father’s boots and brought them over to him. She knelt down and wrestled his feet into them. She then helped him into his jacket and hat. “Now out the door with you.  You can help me carry the bread.”
Derry ran up to them out of breath. She was carrying a platter of frosted cakes. “I almost missed you. Can you please tell me, Winifred, why does everything go wrong when you are in a hurry?”
Winifred smiled. “Put your cakes on the sled in place of one of the bags of bread. It will be a lot easier for you to carry.”
Together the three of them strode up to the market house. Surprisingly, they found it empty. 
“Where are all the bucks when you need them? Gertrude was supposed to be up here getting the tables set up.” A sigh of relief sprang forth from her mouth as Winifred found the whole inside of the market house ready. Someone had done a marvelous job of decorating, and every table and chair was arranged as she had instructed. “Well, I guess that the foods will not set themselves up. Derry, would you please get the skirts for the tables and get those on while I get things hot in the kitchen. Grumps, would you please go into the market larder and retrieve twenty candles for me?” 
Grumps went towards the larder door. Winifred watched to make sure he knew where he was going. “He amazes me! There are times that he can not remember his own name, yet he remembers where things are located….” She smiled. “Especially food…”
The ladies busied themselves with the chores at hand. By the time the guests started arriving, all the preparations were complete.  Octavius, Emmaline and Norman were the first guests to arrive. Norman had a small, neatly wrapped package underneath her arm.
“Winifred, your dress is beautiful, and your hair just shines.” Emmaline looked about the expansive room. “Did you do all of this yourself?”
Winifred laughed. “Oh my, no. I had a dear friend, Derry ,over there help me with all of the food. As far as the decorations, I really do not know who to thank for that.”
“They sure did a wonderful job!” Emmaline watched as a few frog trolls walked in and waved in her direction. She waved back. 
Octavius was looking around also. “Where is the one being honored tonight?”
“I am sure he went home to change into clean clothes for the party. He may have stopped at Gillion’s to see if all the guards are in place. If you will please excuse me, I must greet the other guests.” Winifred took her leave and headed to the door. 
In a few moments, the three royals were surrounded by frog trolls. Octavius looked as if he was having a good time talking with a couple of elderly frog trolls, Kirch and Sprig. Emmaline and Norman were surrounded by the lady frog trolls. Some felt the materials of Emmaline’s and the princess’ dresses. Soon the whole hall was filled with laughter and talk.
Winifred looked around. “Hmmm…No Gertrude. Where could that son of mine be? You didn’t happen to see Gertrude on your way, Tern, did you?”
“No, I can’t say that I did. I know that one of the guards had a problem earlier, but I do not know what it was.”
“Thank you, Tern. There is food and drink over there on the other side of the room.” Winifred smiled as she spied Gertrude caught up with some well-wishers on the steps to the market house.
Gertrude finally broke free and entered the room. “I am sorry I am late, Mother.” Gertrude bent over and gave her a kiss. “Toddy had stopped me on the way back to let us know that she and her mother would not be coming tonight. Her mother has come down with a case of rashes. I guess Goodly has been to see her, but says that she should rest, and told Toddy to stay with her ‘til the fever leaves.”
“The poor dear. I shall have to take food over to her tomorrow. I think you should go over and speak to Octavius as he appears to be swamped by frog trolls wanting to speak to him.” Winifred nodded her head in the direction of where Octavius was standing.
Gertrude made his way through the throng of frog trolls towards the besieged royals. “Your Majesty...” Gertrude made his way over to Octavius. He looked over toward the queen and Norman, who were at this point hopelessly surrounded by a bunch of ladies. Gertrude could only imagine some of the animated conversations going on. He noticed that Borg, the tinsmith, had Octavius locked in a conversation. “May I butt in, Borg?”
Borg smiled broadly. “Gertrude, you young hopper, of course you can join in the conversation. I was just telling the king about my idea for a machine that would run by wind power. “
“It sounds like a good idea. He says that the wind could help bring water into the castle.” Octavius smiled. “Gertrude, maybe we could set up a group of frog trolls and humans to exchange some of our ideas and make the ideas into reality.”
Gertrude put his hand on Borg’s shoulder and winked. “Maybe some day we will be able to fly like birds, too. If you will excuse me for a moment…” Gertrude noticed his mother doing sign language. He smiled. It was time to get the evening’s festivities in gear. Gertrude grabbed a chair and stood on it. He let forth a shrill whistle to gain everyone’s attention. 
“Good evening, everyone. I am so happy that you could join us to tonight. My mother would like to let you know that all the food is ready and that there is plenty to drink. Enjoy!” He jumped down from the chair as a good majority of the crowd headed towards the food. Gertrude bid Octavius and the two ladies to follow him. 
Queen Emmaline went first through the food line and Gertrude guided her choices so that she wouldn’t be surprised by something moving on her plate. He wasn’t as lucky with Octavius and Norman as they insisted they would like to try some of the more interesting-looking foods. They headed over to an area set up especially for them with human-size chairs and table. Soon everyone was sitting down, enjoying the meal. Gertrude was glad to see the sun disappear as they sat down. The candles would hide some of the foods’ movement.  Winifred and Derry made their way to the table, plates laden with food.
“Lady Winifred, this food is superb!” Emmaline gushed. “Would you be willing to give our cook some of your recipes?”
“Thank you for the compliment.” Winifred gushed. “I would be more than happy to give you the recipes. Did you try the root pies with the dried sweet berries in the egg scrapple?”
“Oh, is that what this is? It has such a wonderful flavor.” The Queen kept sampling the food on her plate. Gertrude watched as everyone enjoyed their meal. Norman hadn’t noticed the small weevil crawling off her plate. He managed to set his cup of berry juice over it. The rest of the meal went by without anything scurrying across the table.
Winifred excused herself and went over to the small stage that had been left set up from the last meeting. Gertrude let go with another whistle to gain everyone’s attention. “Hello, everyone. All of you know why we are here tonight…” Applause broke out and Winifred smiled broadly and held up her arms to regain quiet. “Dear friends, this is to celebrate my son Gertrude becoming Grand Frog Troll.” Applause broke out again, echoing throughout the room. “So, without any further delays, my son, Gertrude.” Winifred stepped down from the stage.
The applause was deafening as Gertrude stepped onto the platform. “Good evening. I want to thank all of you for coming.” Gertrude noticed the princess coming towards the stage and stopped speaking. “I guess Princess Norman has something to say.” 
Norman climbed up onto the stage. “It is a privilege and a pleasure to be invited to tonight’s gathering to congratulate Gertrude on his election to your highest seat of government. My parents and I felt that on this auspicious occasion that he was deserving of a gift befitting his newly attained station in the committee.” Norman handed the small package to her friend. “Go ahead, take it.” she whispered.
Gertrude took the package and opened it. Inside was a royal purple sash with ‘Gertrude of Tinker Hollow’ stitched in golden thread. Below that, in larger lettering, was stitched ‘Grand Frog Troll of Awll’. An emblem of an eagle identical to the one on his sword was next to that. The words ‘Honor above Glory’ were stitched around the eagle. 
The newly elected Grand Frog Troll felt a lump in his throat as he looked at the gift. He smiled and put it on so everyone could see it. At first there was a hush that came upon the crowd as they tried to read the sash. Like a tempest, the voices of everyone erupted into the ‘Frog Troll Glory Song’. After the song was over, Gertrude leaned and bid Norman to give him her ear. “Thank you and your parents for the beautiful gifts that you have given me upon this joyous eve.”  Norman looked at him quizzically. “Gertrude, we have only given you one gift.”  
Gertrude shook his head. “No, you have given me three. The first two are the ones that I shall cherish the most. They are your presence tonight, and the thoughtfulness behind the tangible gift.”  
Norman smiled and a tear came to her eye. “Sir Gertrude, you are indeed a rare and beautiful gift to me.”
Gertrude raised his arms. “Thank you all… Now let’s get this party going!” 
The band started playing and the frog trolls started dancing. Laughter rolled through the market house as everyone started to really enjoy the evening. One of the highlights was when Grumps grabbed Winifred and did the ‘Happy Frog Troll Jig’. The dance started real slow, with Winifred shadowing her father’s steps. With each verse of the song, the tempo picked up until it reached a dizzying frenzy. Grumps sure remembered how to dance!  The next dance brought Winifred and Gertrude together. The band played the ‘Rose Waltz’. 
The market house rang forth with clapping and singing and the merriment went on for a long time. It started to empty out after the midnight hour. Soon all was quiet. Gertrude blew out the last candle and walked over to the doors. He turned and gazed into the darkened room. He ran his hand over the sash and smiled. Slowly, he closed the doors to the building. Turning, once again, he joined the others for the walk home.


Chapter Twelve

Two days had passed since Gertrude’s party and Glennmorley was being invaded for another party. Vast battalions of men bearing the banners and flags of the five surrounding kingdoms swarmed the land. Emissaries from the armies made their way to the castle doors. King Octavius in turn sent emissaries to the other kings.
Octavius looked out over his land from one of the towers that had a view in all directions. He shook his head.  Emmaline was at his side, squeezing his arm and watching all the commotion “They look like so many ants scurrying towards an unseen quarry. I do hope you have everything ready, my dear.” Emmaline peered up, looking into Octavius’ eyes. She always knew how her husband felt by looking into his eyes.
“Yes, I am ready for the ‘onslaught’…”  Octavius smiled wanly and squeezed his wife’s hand. “I guess we should go down to the great hall and prepare to receive our guests.” With that, he gave his arm to Emmaline and together they descended the tower’s stairs. “Andre has his men stationed well and hopefully there will be no surprises.”
Emmaline laughed. “Seeing all of those soldiers pouring down from the hills, all I can say is that I am glad we don’t have to feed all of them.” They both laughed.

*

Norman was in the great hall. She was wearing a beautiful lavender-colored dress. There were people running here and there like so many mice trapped in a maze. She looked over as she saw her parents enter the room. “How do I look, Mother?”
“Like a princess, my dear.” Emmaline smiled at Norman. “King Justinian, Queen Sophia and their son Elliot will be arriving first. I have rooms available for them in the north wing. I made sure the rooms were spotless. They should be arriving shortly. Norman, do you remember their son, Elliot, at all?”
Norman scrunched up her nose. “My memory of Prince ‘Idiot’ leaves a bad taste in my mouth! I remember well how he poured all of that salt on my meal. He was a contemptuous little brat…”
“Did I hear the word ‘brat’ and ‘idiot’ in the same sentence as my name?” There stood Prince Elliot in the flesh. “I am sorry to intrude so early. I got bored riding slowly and hurried on ahead. My father and mother should arrive shortly.” The prince strode in and bowed before Octavius and Emmaline. He turned and took Norman’s hand, knelt and kissed it.  “I must say, dear princess, that you do not look like a scrawny alley rat anymore. You’re far, far more beautiful than I could ever have imagined.”
“And you, Prince Elliot, were never true to your word the last time we met. Why should I believe your flattery now?” Norman withdrew her hand.
“I see that you are a woman with your own mind. I like a challenge, but I shall win your heart in time.” He smiled, got up and turned to address the king and queen. 
“Please forgive my breach of etiquette. Mother and father say that I am far too impulsive. My dear mother says that I am ‘totally impossible’.” Elliot looked over his shoulder with an impish grin at Norman.
“I shall have a page show you to your bedchamber so you might freshen up a bit.” Emmaline rang for a page. “He will stand outside of your room in case we have neglected to anticipate your needs.”
“Thank you, Your Highness, that is very kind of you, however my parents have told me amazing stories about the hospitality to be found in your kingdom. I am sure that I will find everything I shall need.” Elliot bowed before Octavius and Emmaline and turned once again toward Norman. “You delight my eyes, fair princess. May I be most forward and ask you to take a walk outside with me upon my return? You will brighten up the winter landscape for me.”
Norman looked pleadingly towards her parents. Seeing no response, she looked directly at the prince. “Very well, I shall walk with you under one condition…”
Prince Elliot smiled impishly once again. “And what may that condition be, my lady?”
“That you keep your impulses to yourself, Prince.” Norman looked Elliot squarely in the face. She almost broke into a smile, but held the sternness upon her face.
“I shall return shortly, Princess. I look forward to the walk.” Prince Elliot smiled and followed the page out of the room.
“Do you wish for me to have a guard walk with you, daughter?” Octavius pointed over towards one of the guards in the room.
“That will not be necessary, Father. I believe I can handle the idiot, I mean the prince.”  Norman turned and left in a pout.

*

The princess was sitting in the foyer when King Justinian and Queen Sophia entered with a grand flourish. Two soldiers entered ahead of them, blowing small horns.
In back of the two soldiers was a page holding a golden scroll. “Hear ye, Hear ye, Hear ye!” he yelled. “The king, Justinian, and his queen, Sophia, Rulers of the Kingdom Bythesea”. The whole room filled with trunks, satchels and servants and bedlam momentarily reigned. Norman put her hands over her ears to block the horrific noise. She did not notice her mother and father entering the room.  Octavius and Emmaline made their way through the menagerie of luggage and humans to the grand staircase, walked four steps up and turned around. The noise did not stop.
“Quiet!” Octavius’ voice thundered above the ruckus. All was quiet. He held out his arms in greeting and smiled as warmly as he could under the circumstances. He then made his way with Emmaline following him, towards the other royal couple. “Justinian, Sophia, what a pleasure that you could come. Please come with us so that you may rest from your journey.” King Octavius made a gesture to one of the pages. “Please see to it that all of these people and things find their way to their appropriate places. Justinian, who is in charge of your people and your belongings? Please have them follow my page.”
Justinian turned and talked to the woman behind him. He returned his gaze to Octavius.  “If you have some hot tea to warm these aching bones of mine, that would be greatly appreciated. By the way, did my son, Elliot, show up here at the castle?”
Queen Emmaline smiled. “Ah, yes, as a matter of fact he is in his bedchamber, getting tidied up to take Norman on a walk through the winter gardens.” Emmaline looked around for Norman and spotted her sitting on a small bench to the side of the grand staircase. She looked angry and miserable. “If you will please excuse me for a moment…” Emmaline made her way over to where Norman was and sat beside her. “Darling, why do you look so miserable?”
Norman looked at her mother with a shock and surprise. “Do you not notice that I am sitting here waiting for the prince?! Well, I am waiting no longer… I shall go on the walk by myself!” Norman stood up. “Excuse me, Mother, but Elliot is an idiot...” Norman stormed off toward the main entrance, ignoring her father’s attempt to get her attention. She walked through the door and closed it so hard that the dust on the top of the door frame sifted down.
Octavius looked over at Emmaline who was walking toward him. “I am sorry about my daughter’s rudeness, Justinian and Sophia. I believe she is nervous about this whole ‘betrothal’ business. Shall we go and have some tea and cakes?” The royal couples walked together into the grand hall. They sat down and soon were lost in conversation.

*

Out in the rose garden, Norman walked its paths slowly. She was angry with the prince and angry with herself. She had acted childishly. She would apologize to her parents and Elliot’s parents when she got back inside. The mid-winter sun warmed her and the snow beneath her feet sloshed. ‘Splat!’  “Ow!!!” Norman turned to see who her assailant was. Prince Elliot had stooped to pick up another snowball. Norman saw a small troll charge Elliot, but was so surprised that she could not react. ‘Thwack! Thwack!’ One hit landed squarely between the prince’s shoulders and the other landed on the top of his head. The prince was down on his knees. “Winifred, stop!”
Winifred put her broom down to her side. “Are you all right, Princess? I saw him attacking you with the ice balls.”
Prince Elliot got up from the ground and turned to see who had beaten him so harshly.  He went to grab Winifred, however her broom caught him squarely in the nose. The Prince’s nose started bleeding and a round lump was growing on his forehead.
Norman ran over and stood between the two. “Winifred, Elliot, please stop! Winifred, I am all right. He did not hurt me. This is Prince Elliot. Elliot this is my friend, Winifred of Tinker Hollow.”
“What kind of a man would throw ice balls at a woman?! We teach our children better than that...” Winifred furrowed her brow and glared at the prince.
“I shall have you arrested for accosting me, frog troll! Look what you have done! Norman, are all of your friends like this filthy-looking creature?” Elliot withdrew a silk handkerchief to hold over his nose.  Norman’s actions were swift and without regret. She grabbed Winifred’s broom and landed a blow to the back of Elliot’s head.
The prince staggered, his face contorted in rage. “How dare you treat me like this!  You will regret what you did, Princess!  Mark my words!” Prince Elliot stumbled up the path towards the castle.
“My friends are not filthy creatures! They have a far better heart than you!” Norman looked at Winifred then at the broom in her hands. “I am sorry about what the prince said. I know I will be in trouble with my parents now….” Then, with a smirk on her face, she handed the broom back to its owner. “You swing a wicked broom there, Lady Winifred.” Both of the ladies started to laugh. Norman hugged Winifred. “What brings you up to the garden on a winter’s day, Winifred?”
“I ran out of rose hips, and I needed them for our dinner tonight. I was over behind the hedge when I heard you holler.” Winifred pulled her kerchief she was wearing closer around her face. “I do believe a storm is coming. The wind has picked up. I am sorry if I got you into trouble, Princess. I should go now.”
“I am sure my parents will understand our actions when I explain things to them.” Norman hugged Winifred once again  “Say ‘hi’ to Gertrude for me, please.” She turned and headed back to the castle. She was tired and really did not feel like facing her parents at this moment. Norman headed for the rear entrance at the lower level of the castle. She entered the lower hall and turned into the kitchen. There were at least thirty women inside doing various chores. 
She looked for Harriet. After looking around the room, she spied her over in front of the stove, tending six huge pots. Norman hadn’t seen her at first because of all of the steam in the room. She walked through the kitchen and watched with fascination with all the preparations going on. She couldn’t remember a time when so much food was being made at once. The princess walked up to the cook. “Hello, Harriet. Is there anything I can do to help?”
Harriet thought it was someone else and did not turn around. “Yes. There is a pile of roots over in the corner that I need peeled and everyone is busy.” Norman looked at her and smiled. She turned and went over and sat on a small stool in her beautiful dress and started peeling the roots. Norman had been doing her job for about a half hour before anyone noticed her. One by one, all of the workers stopped their chores and started talking to each other. Harriet got a tap on the shoulder from another lady close by. She turned. The woman pointed over to Norman.  Harriet nearly fainted, but caught hold of the corner on the table. She scurried over to Norman’s side. “My child, what are you doing? You are not supposed to be down here.” 
“I asked you if there was anything I could do to help, so I am doing what you asked of me.” Norman smiled and threw one more root into the large bucket.
“Don’t you think you should go up and tell your parents about your misadventure in the garden with the prince and the swarm of sword-wielding frog trolls?” Harriet smiled. “I was up in the grand dining room with your mother and Queen Sophia, going over dinner arrangements. Oh, excuse me dear. Charlotte please tend the pots on the stove. Where was I? Oh yes, anyway, the prince came in all bloody and raving like a mad man of how you both had been accosted in the garden by a swarm of frog trolls. He lamented how he had tried to save you, but they had carried you away, and he was left for dead. Your father was sending Andre down for Gertrude.”
Norman stood up quickly. Her contempt for the prince was now the seed for her anger. The anger grew with every one of Harriet’s words. “That idiot! I am sorry that I cannot finish helping you with the roots right now, however, after I strangle the prince, father may be having me peel roots for the rest of my life! Thank you, Harriet.” Norman stormed out of the kitchen amid a loud applause. 
Down the corridor she stomped, her hair flowing behind her. With every stride, her anger mounted. She picked up the front of her dress as she climbed the stairway up to the dining hall. She slammed the huge door and drew everyone’s attention. “Where is that sniveling little weasel? Where is he? If he thinks a bunch of frog trolls hurt him wait ‘til I get my hands around his neck and watch his face turn purple!!”
Queen Emmaline and Queen Sophia gasped. Emmaline ran over to her daughter to try and calm her down. “Norman! Norman! What in the world is wrong?  Are you all right? Did the frog trolls hurt you?”
“Mother! The only frog troll out in the garden was Lady Winifred. She struck him three times with her broom - two when she thought that he was attacking me and once when he went to attack her. The last time, I hit him with the broom because he insulted me and Lady Winifred by calling her a ‘filthy frog troll’. Where is he?!”
“Calm yourself, child. Sophia, would you please excuse us for a moment while I speak to my daughter alone?” Emmaline guided Norman over to a little alcove where there was a small couch. “Sit here with me, please...” She motioned for Norman to join her. Emmaline did not see Queen Sophia rush out of the dining hall. “Now please sit here and tell me what happened on your walk. Excuse me, dear.  Page, please bring us some tea. Thank you. Now, my dear, please tell me what happened.” Emmaline listened intently as Norman revealed the happenings in the garden. She stopped Norman only once when the tea was served. The princess explained to her mother that she had been so angry that she had gone to see Harriet, and that it was Harriet that had relayed the story from the prince.
There was a commotion out in the great hall, and it was headed into the dining room. Gertrude entered the room with Winifred and Octavius on either side of him. Then King Justinian and Queen Sophia entered the room with their son. All of them congregated around the alcove where Norman and Emmaline were seated.
Queen Emmaline broke the cold silence. “My daughter has told me her story and I have heard your son’s side of the story. There is only one story left to tell and that is from Lady Winifred.”
“She is no lady!  She attacked me!” Prince Elliot had a wrap around his face, but it could not hide the discoloration around his eyes or the huge purple lump on his forehead.
“Quiet son! I want to hear the frog troll’s version of her attack.” Justinian looked towards Winifred with an icy stare.
Winifred met Justinian with a stare of her own, and relayed the whole story of how she had been picking rose hips when she heard the princess holler “OW!”. She saw the prince ready to throw an ice ball at the princess. “I merely went up to him and gave him a piece of my broom...”
“Broom, you say?!” Justinian turned to his son who was standing closer to his mother, Sophia.  “You told us that she had hit you with a large wooden club, not a broom. Would you please finish your list of events tr…um…Lady Winifred?”
“Your son turned and tried to attack me, so I gave him another piece of my broom and hit him in the face. Norman then came over and stood between us and asked us to stop. The prince then opened his mouth and called me a ‘filthy-looking creature’. It was at that moment that Norman grabbed my broom and took it to the prince. He then left in a rage, saying that we would regret what we had done.” Winifred looked at Norman. “My child, do you regret what you did?”
Norman saw Winifred wink. “The only regret I have is that we let him get away...”
“Norman, really!” Queen Emmaline turned towards Sophia and Justinian.” I am sorry for my daughter’s last remark. She forgets the seriousness of the situation.”
Justinian turned towards his son. “Elliot, are these ladies telling the truth or are you?” The prince backed away from his father. His actions spoke volumes. “You apologize to both of these ladies now!”  
“Husband, surely you don’t suggest that you trust the word of these ladies over your own son’s word?” Sophia interrupted, insulted by the thought.
Winifred was not going to let it be said that she was a liar. “Excuse me, Your Majesty, but I do not lie. The honor of my family would be tarnished and I would humiliate my ancestors.”
King Justinian was purple with rage. “Elliot, apologize now!!”
Winifred could not keep quiet. “With all due respect, King Justinian, a forced apology is as good as no apology at all. If an apology is not from the heart, it rings hollow in the ears of those it is intended for.”
Justinian looked at Winifred. “You are a wise lady.” Justinian walked over to Winifred, bowed, and took her hand. “Please accept my humble apologies for my son’s and my wife’s words and behavior.” He then walked over to Norman. He bowed. “You deserve someone far better than what the House of Wells can offer you…”
Norman thought that she could see the hint of a tear in Justinian’s eyes. “Your apology is accepted, Your Highness.”
Justinian turned to Octavius. “We wish to thank you for your hospitality, however I think at this point it would be far better if we were to leave and go home.”
Octavius nodded  his head in understanding. “We are sorry that you feel the need to leave, but we shall honor your decision.” 
Queen Sophia was outraged by her husband’s decision. “After all of my preparations for the ball, you are going to turn around and head home?!”
King Justinian walked up to his wife and grasped her wrist firmly. He whispered something in her ear, and she turned as pale as a ghost.  Her tone of voice changed. “Yes, Justinian, anything you say.” and spoke not another word.
Justinian turned once again to Octavius. “Thank you, again.  We shall be leaving within the hour.”  He grabbed his son Elliot just over his left elbow and left with his wife and son, with a firm grasp on both of them.

*

King Justinian was true to his word and within the hour they were gone from the castle of Glennmorley, bound for home.  Octavius, Emmaline, Norman, Winifred and Gertrude watched the departure from the great hall’s entryway. 
“Father, why did Elliot turn out the way he did?” Norman queried.
Winifred interrupted. “Excuse me, Octavius, my king, we have an old saying, ‘The seed may be good, but if the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, the apple will rot where it drops’. In other words…”
“Thank you, Winifred, I understand.” Norman smiled. “He definitely was a rotten apple.”
Just as the last trunk went through the door, Harriet came up into the great hall. She appeared to have some type of problem. The woman talked quietly with Octavius and Emmaline, smiling when she left.
Queen Emmaline smiled. “It appears that we have an overabundance of food that the cook had prepared for our guests, but now we have no guests. Winifred and Gertrude, we would be honored if you would join us for a family meal.”
“Dear Queen, I can not join you. I am not prepared for dining up here at the castle. I am in my work clothes and my hair was ravaged by the wind on the way up to the castle.” Winifred lamented. “Besides, Derry is keeping an eye on my father, and I do not want to impose on her kindness.”
“Nonsense!  You look just fine, Winifred.  As I said, this is a family meal.” Emmaline took hold of Octavious’ arm. “I have the pages preparing the dining hall as we speak. I have asked Harriet, our cook, and her husband to join us as well as all of the 
others who helped prepare the food. Please say ‘yes’.  It is the least we can do after the problems of this afternoon.”
Gertrude nudged his mother’s arm as he winked at Octavius. “I think it is best that we say ‘yes’, Mother. We do not want to offend our friends.” Gertrude tried to act stern, but a smile crept across his face.
“Yes, indeed, I would be offended.” Octavius sported a broad grin. “If it would make you feel better, I shall send a sleigh down to bring your father and Derry up as well.” 
“I see that I have entered a battle that I am not going to win. Thank you for the invitation. We would be honored to stay.” Winifred grabbed hold of Gertrude, as they all walked back into the grand hall.
Octavius bid them to take some seats by the fireplace. He called a page over and gave him instructions to have a sleigh sent to pick up Grumps and Derry. Finished with that little bit of business, he poured them each a glass of sweet wine. “This wine is special because I only decant it when we have special guests”.
Winifred glanced around with a questioning look on her face. “Oh, I am sorry! I knew we shouldn’t have stayed if you are having special company.”
“You are the special company, my dear lady.” Octavius roared with laughter and the others joined in. He handed the glasses of wine to everyone. “A toast!  May this friendship grow with the passing days. May it nourish our souls as this wine nourishes our spirit.” They all clinked their glasses together.
Winifred took a long drink from her glass. “This wine stuff is pretty good! May I please have some more?” She held out her empty glass and Octavius refilled it.
Emmaline watched Winifred down the next glass of wine, and smiled. “Winifred, do you have your gown ready for the ball?”
“Yes, it is all ready. I finished the embroidery on it this morning. I had to replace some of the tatting on the bodice as something had torn the threads. That wine sure is good!”
“It sounds absolutely beautiful, Winifred. I can hardly wait to see it.” Emmaline smiled and looked over to the dining room entrance to see Harriet waving at her. “I do believe our dinner is waiting for us. Shall we go and have a bite to eat?”
“My Queen, I do hope you will let us have more than one bite of food as I am quite hungry.” Gertrude’s mouth erupted into a mischievous grin. They all walked into the dining room and beheld a table laden with a feast for the eyes as well as the stomach. Gertrude and Winifred had never seen so much food. 
King Octavius stood at the head of the table and asked the others to be seated. “Let this be a celebration of friendship and understanding. May we always have love in our hearts, friendship in our lives, and health to make them possible.”  Octavius raised his glass and said, “For us all...”The night was a merry one. No one left the table hungry, and a good time was had by all. The day may have been a disappointment to some, but the evening was grand. Another day was almost upon them by the time everyone had left and the dining hall was readied for another day.

*

The following morning, Gertrude awoke with a jump, wincing in pain when Agabus attacked his nose. He snatched his assailant and held him firmly. Gertrude lay in bed savoring the warmth, and thinking of the previous night. He heard his mother come into the kitchen. Agabus purred loudly. “You almost purr as loudly as my mother snores.”
“Excuse me? Ladies breathe heavy.  We do not snore!” Winifred said indignantly. “You mind your manners, hopper, or your mother will not make you breakfast!”
Gertrude came out from behind the curtain that separated his bedroom and the kitchen, dressed in his night shirt and holding the purring Agabus. “A thousand pardons, Mother.  It must have been someone sawing wood outside my window last night.” With an impish grin, he went over and gave his mother a kiss on her cheek.
Winifred looked at Gertrude and fought back a smile. “I hope that the neighbors don’t see you out collecting wood for me dressed like that. Our standing in the community would surely plummet.”
I imagine that we don’t have much of a standing in the community anyways with your loud snoring. Gertrude let forth with a mock snore. “Ughzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...”
Winifred snarled at her son playfully. Agabus looked at her and hissed back. “Now I have two of you badgering me. Where is my broom?”
Raising his arm in front of him, Gertrude feigned mock horror. “Please, not your mighty broom…!” He looked at Agabus. “We promise to behave.”
A knock sounded at the door. Gertrude opened it. Derry barged through, carrying an oversized satchel. She looked quickly at Gertrude in his nightshirt and Winifred in her nightgown. “Oh! I didn’t realize that I was that early.” She thumped her satchel down onto the floor and walked over to the blog pot. Seeing that it was empty, she immediately set forth to making a pot. “I was hoping that maybe you could help me with a problem I am having with my ball gown. I haven’t the foggiest idea what I did wrong, but the hem doesn’t lay properly.”
Gertrude smiled. “I am sorry, Derry, but I do not know anything about sewing.”
Derry stood silent for a moment with a puzzled look. “My goodness! No! I wasn’t asking you, Gertrude. I was asking your mother.”
“Don’t mind my son, Derry. He fell out of bed onto his head this morning, and he’s not quite right.  I will be right back. Join us for breakfast, and then we will see where you went wrong with your hem.” Winifred disappeared into her bedchamber. 
“What is all the noise out here? Can’t a body get some sleep in his own home?” Grumps came into the kitchen with his shirt on backwards and his hair sticking up in all different directions. “What in wooly worms are all of you people doing in my kitchen?”
Derry looked at Grumps and smiled. She walked over to him and started to pull off his shirt. “Here let me help you straighten this up.” Derry pulled off one sleeve and then Grumps pulled it back on. “Well, I guess if you don’t dress right, you won’t be able to have breakfast.”
“Breakfast? I want some ham and eggs with some ant jelly on a beetle-bran muffin.” Grumps let Derry help right his shirt and then he sat down at the table. “What kind of inn are you trolls running here? Where is my blog that I ordered?”
While Derry was busy helping Grumps, Gertrude ducked behind the curtain and changed into his clothing. He was out the door in no time to fetch the wood. When he came back in, his mother and Derry were busy with breakfast preparations, babbling away about the approaching ball. Agabus had made himself comfortable in Grumps’ lap while Grumps sipped on a cup of blog.

*

The morning passed quickly. Winifred and Derry worked on the dress and Derry had gone home. Winifred was busy making her breads. Grumps was asleep in the corner of the room, using Agabus as a neck warmer. Gertrude had brought in enough wood to last at least three days. While he was outside, he noticed a lot of activity taking place up at the castle.  It had been overrun by the four remaining royal households. Banners rustled in the wind as horns declared their arrival. Commotion seemed to reign supreme. For the next few days there would be no solitude found within the walls of the castle. 

*

Norman’s day had started early. She was expected to greet all of her suitors. One by one, the four princes had arrived with their families. Norman had found all four charming and handsome. Prince Edwin of Cole had blonde hair and limpid blue eyes. He was tall and slender and Norman knew that he liked her right away. His parents, King Braden and Queen Angelia, already seemed to think that she would choose their son. ‘Quite forward’, Norman thought.  However, they were nice and very complimentary.
Prince Thaddeus of Highland was handsome and very cavalier. He seemed to have quite a sense of humor, a quality that she admired. He definitely did not get his personality from his mother, Queen Clivia whom Norman found to be overbearing and rude. Norman tried very hard not to judge people upon her first encounter with them, however, she took an instant dislike to the queen. Thaddeus’ father, King Sterling, was very pensive. He reminded Norman of a scared rabbit. 
Prince Xavier of Wellscot was tall with chiseled features. He was strong and very polite. Norman could tell immediately that Xavier was a good mixture of his father, King Winthrop, and mother, Queen Julianna. They were kind and sincere. 
The last prince to arrive was Windermere of Encumbra.  Though polite, he seemed to be a man of hidden, dark secrets. This intrigued Norman. He appeared kind, yet there was certain aloofness to his demeanor. King Gregore and Queen Heloise acted quite nice, yet they, too, struck Norman as distant and vague.
“My daughter, you look exhausted!” The Queen came up to her and brushed a wisp of hair from her daughter’s face. “Please come and join us for some tea. I have invited King Winthrop, Queen Julianna and their daughters, Illianna and Edwina, and their son Xavier to join us. They are waiting for us in the great hall.” Emmaline tugged gently on her daughter’s arm.
“Thank you, Mother, however I told Gertrude to meet me in the garden to talk. I need a break from being the princess for a short period. In fact, I am late getting there now and I am su…”
A knock at the door interrupted Norman and a page answered the door.  Gertrude stepped inside the entry and took off his hat. He spied the two ladies and walked over to them. “Did you forget our meeting, Norman?” 
“I am sorry, Gertrude. No, I did not forget our meeting. I was busy greeting the other royal families and it took longer than I had planned.” Norman gave Gertrude a ‘lost puppy’ look.
“I understand. It is still light.  Do you wish to take a walk with me?” Gertrude smiled shyly.
Emmaline interrupted before Norman could answer. “Perhaps Gertrude would like to join us for a cup of tea and meet the other royal family.” Emmaline glanced at each of them with an encouraging look. 
“I am really not dressed too well as I have been busy all day. I am sure I smell of chicken manure and of burning oak wood. Perhaps I can meet them at some other time.” Gertrude turned to head for the door before either lady could protest, and protest they did.
Norman said, “You look just fine and you do not carry an offensive odor.”
“I do not know if that was a compliment or if I usually smell all the time.” Gertrude stared at Norman quizzically.
“My daughter means that she would like you to stay. She values your friendship as do I.” A broad smile erupted across the queen’s face.
Gertrude’s heart melted. “Very well.  I will stay, but if I notice anyone sniffing the air, I will leave…”
The three of them laughed and headed into the great room where everyone was waiting patiently. Gertrude walked in with Norman on one side and Emmaline on the other. All heads turned their way and an audible gasp was heard from one of the Wellscots.  Norman reacted by putting a hand on Gertrude’s shoulder to let him know that he had nothing to worry about. She walked up to the group, feeling her anger rising within like a hot ember set free in a pile of dry leaves. She squeezed Gertrude’s shoulder and turned. Gertrude looked up at her and saw her wink. 
“Gertrude, I would like you to meet King Winthrop of Wellscot, his wife Queen Julianna, his son Prince Xavier and his two daughters, Illianna and Edwina. Your Royal Highnesses, I would like you to meet my half-brother, Gertrude.” Norman smiled broadly. The flame of anger diminished as she saw reaction to her words take hold.
The look on the other royal family’s faces was priceless. Their mouths opened so wide that Norman was sure they would stay that way for the rest of their lives.
Gertrude did not falter for a second and responded immediately to the introduction. “Your Royal Highnesses, I am truly flattered to meet you. My little sister and I have been looking forward to meeting you.” Gertrude looked up at Norman and smiled the biggest, toothless grin that his face could contort. Without a sound, Princess Illianna fainted in her chair. Prince Xavier went over to her and rubbed her hand between his hands.
Norman looked at her mother and father to see their reaction. “I am sorry, Mother, but I thought that they should know the truth. Father, I just could not help myself under the circumstances.”
Gertrude winked at Octavius. “I am sorry, Father. Norman let me out of my room and bid me to join her.”
“I am sorry I locked you in your room, son. Can you ever forgive me?” Octavius replied with mock seriousness.
“Oh really, Octavius!” Emmaline interrupted.  “Enough of this charade!” Emmaline turned towards the other royal family. “You will truly have to forgive my husband and daughter for they jest with you. Sir Gertrude is a dear family friend. We took offense when we heard one of you gasp when we entered the room with Sir Gertrude. I must apologize for my family’s charade…”
King Winthrop was the first to respond. “On the contrary, Queen Emmaline, it is I who should apologize for causing any discord. Please accept my humble apologies, Sir Gertrude, if we insulted you in any way. You must forgive my daughter for her reaction to Sir Gertrude’s presence. I am afraid my wife and I have sheltered our daughters from the world at their own expense. Neither of them has ever seen a frog troll before now.”
Norman turned a bright shade of red. “Your Highness, I am so sorry for my rashness. I am afraid my temper got the best of me. Please accept my apology.”
“Apology accepted, my dear.” Queen Julianna interjected.
It was Gertrude’s turn next to apologize. “I am sorry, too. I, too, was quick to judge and overreacted.”
Queen Emmaline looked at her husband and cleared her throat. “My husband, do you not have something to say?”
“Why yes, of course. Let’s sit down and enjoy a cup of tea and some cakes!” Octavius smiled broadly.
“Oh really, Octavius, you are incorrigible.” Emmaline shook her head.
Everyone started to laugh and the incident was left behind.  They all sat down and enjoyed the next hour. Queen Emmaline made sure that Norman and Xavier were sitting together. They had a lot in common and they both shared a love of roses. Xavier raised roses and did a lot of the gardening, himself. His father had a special enclosure made for the roses that had a ceiling of glass. Xavier invited Norman to come visit and he would show it to her. King Winthrop had noticed Octavius’ sword hanging up on the wall nearby and had remarked about the quality of the craftsmanship. This brought Gertrude into the conversation and everyone thoroughly enjoyed the tea.

Norman was headed up to her bedchamber after the tea to rest when she met Prince Windermere.  Not paying much attention to where she was going, she rounded a corner and literally bumped into him. “Oh, I am so sorry. Please, excuse me. My mind was wandering faster than my feet and the two strayed too far apart.”
Windermere smiled. “I am not sorry in the least, as now I have a chance to talk to you alone. Please sit with me and talk.” He pointed over to a bench in a small alcove. Norman walked over and sat down and watched Windermere as he sat down next to her.
“Was your trip here uneventful?” For some reason the question now sounded silly to her and she wished that she had said something more…more educated.
“No, it was not without incident. The horses pulling my parent’s sleigh were spooked by a wolf just before we crossed the border into your kingdom. My parents had the ride of a lifetime until the driver regained control. I am afraid the wolf did not fare too well either, as one of the horse’s hooves caught him in the head.” Windermere spoke of the incident nonchalantly as if it were an everyday occurrence.
“Your parents seemed all right when I met them earlier.” Norman studied Windermere’s face, thinking how odd that he passed the incident off in such a uncaring manner.
“Yes, they are fine. When we go on our hunting parties, worse things happen. Just last summer my father and I were out together away from the rest of the group when he spotted a prize sheep up on a precipice. We were gaining higher ground when my father lost his footing and fell down the side of the cliff.”
“Oh! … How terrible!  Was he hurt badly?” Norman had turned more directly towards the prince. He spoke without any emotion and his steel blue eyes looked cold and lonely. She shuddered from the iciness in his voice.
“My father fortunately fell through a dense bush which broke his fall and then he landed in a hassock of thick moss which saved him from further injury. When I found him, he was limping down the hillside, headed to camp.” Windermere smiled, and his face lost the pale pallor that had come upon him.
Norman was unnerved by this young man’s lack of concern. He was making her feel very ill at ease. “Well, I am glad that your father is all right. If you will please excuse me, I really do need to go and rest.”
“Certainly, Princess. Thank you for sitting here with me. I have enjoyed our conversation. May I have the honor of escorting you to your door?” Windermere’s voice had a hollow ring to it.
“Thank you. You are far too gallant.  My room is just down this hall.  I shall look forward to seeing you again.” ‘Far, far away from here, I hope.’ she said to herself. She smiled, but it was not genuine. He gave her a very cold, ill feeling. She turned and went into her bedchamber and latched the door behind her.

*

  Norman tried to sleep but ‘Prince Nightmare’ kept creeping into her mind. She finally got out of bed, feeling more exhausted than when she had gone to lie down. She found herself going down to the kitchen. With all of the guests, it was of no surprise to find the kitchen as busy as a beehive. The young woman was turning around to leave when she heard a familiar voice.
“Norman, Norman wait up!” Her friend Meg flew up to Norman and they tearfully hugged each other. “Oh, let me look at you. You haven’t changed a bit. You still are as beautiful as ever!”
“You have not changed either. You still have a way of making me blush. When did you arrive?” Norman could not believe her eyes. 
“I arrived today. I traveled with Encumbra’s royal family. The king and queen seem quite nice, however the prince seems very strange.”
“I just broke away from him earlier in the day. He asked me to sit and talk. He scares me. He was talking about an accident that his father had while hunting.” Norman got cut short by Meg’s interjection.
“Yes, the king said that it almost felt like he was pushed. He said the wind was high that day and a gust had probably caught him off guard. Windermere was sitting across from him and I swear I saw him sneer at his father. Mother told me about your last encounter with one of the princes, umm…Elliot, I believe she said.” She peered at Norman in disbelief and shook her head. 
“Yes, he is definitely not a prime candidate for marriage.” Norman shook her head in disbelief, too. Two out of the five princes were definitely out of the question as partners.
“Meg, would you like to come and see my gown for the ball?” Norman excitedly offered.
“I would love to.” Meg smiled. “Mother told me that one of the trolls from Awll did most of the stitchery and that it is extraordinary.”
The two friends mounted the stairs to the great hall together, talking and laughing as they went. Just as they entered the hall, they met Queen Clivia.
Norman paused and offered a ‘good afternoon’ to the queen. “Meg, I would like to introduce to you Queen Clivia of Highland. This is my best friend, Meg O’Brien.”
Meg curtsied. “I am pleased to meet you, Your Highness.”
Queen Clivia glanced at Meg with disdain. “Surely, Princess, you should learn to pick your friends better. You should not be seen with a mere commoner. Oh, and by the way, dear, you really should do something different with your hair. The way you wear it makes you look mousy.” With that said, Queen Clivia walked away.
“What a wonderful mother-in-law she will make you, Norman.” Meg hissed through clenched teeth.
Norman was fuming. “My parents taught me never to wish ill upon anyone, but with her I just may make an exception!” Norman looked at Meg and they both broke into laughter.
“You will have to excuse my mother.  She seems to have misplaced her broomstick.” Prince Thaddeus appeared behind the two ladies and they turned with a start. “Oh, I am sorry if I surprised you. I know how rude and obnoxious my mother is. Actually, this is one of her better days.”
Norman looked at Thaddeus and smiled. “Prince Thaddeus, I would like you to meet my friend, Meg O’Brien. Meg, this is Prince Thaddeus of Highland.” 
Meg curtsied.   “Nice to meet you, Your Highness.”
“Please drop the highness and prince stuff. My friends call me ‘Teddy’. I really must apologize for my mother’s sharp tongue.”  Teddy looked at both ladies and a perfect smile appeared on his face. “By the way, Lady Meg, I overheard my mother’s comment about your hair. The truth is that your hair is radiant and it accentuates your delicate facial features.”
Meg put her hands to her face and smiled at the prince. “Thank you, Teddy.” 
“Teddy, would you mind if I ask you a question?” Norman queried.
“You just did and I didn’t seem to mind that one...” Teddy flashed another brilliant smile.
“You are so different from your parents, from what I know of them...” Norman did not have a chance to finish.
The Prince interrupted her. “I wasn’t raised at Highland by my mother or father. I was raised by father’s sister, Aunt Celia, at Cogswhile Palace. She is the one I think of as my real mother. She is a wonderful, caring person who, by fate, could not have children of her own. My mother, Clivia, detests children and could not wait to rid herself of me. She did not even want to name me. The midwives rushed me off for fear that she would harm me. My real father was her husband, King Bentley. Unfortunately, he is no longer with us. He passed on two years ago after a bat bit him. In just a matter of a few weeks, he went mad. Then he died a terrible death, which he did not deserve.” Thaddeus choked up at the last part. “I am sorry. I did not mean to burden you with my sorrows at a time of celebration.”
Norman found herself compelled to give Teddy a hug. “I am sorry for your sorrows, too.” 
Meg watched and smiled. “Teddy, we were on our way up to see Norman’s gown for the ball. Would you care to join us?”
“Thank you, but no. I am following mother around the castle, doing damage control. She brings a dark storm cloud everywhere she goes. I am positive that she has rained on someone else by now. It has been lovely to talk to both of you, and it was a pleasure to meet you, Lady Meg. By your leave...” Thaddeus turned and walked in the direction his mother had disappeared.
“Well, what do you think of that?” Meg looked at Norman incredulously. “He can’t be that nice, can he?”
Norman was dumb-struck as well. “If you had told me that Thaddeus was Queen Clivia’s offspring, I would have said ‘impossible!’ Now that I know it is true, if someone told me that fairies really existed, I would believe them.” 
Norman and Meg continued their walk up to Norman’s bedchamber. As they approached her door, they spied a small table beside it. On the table was a paper rose lying upon a piece of parchment. 
Norman picked up the rose to examine it. The rose appeared to be made out of lace. Her gift giver had intricately cut a design in each petal. “It is beautiful!” Norman smiled. She picked up the piece of parchment and found a note. ‘The beauty of a delicate flower wanes in comparison to yours.’ The note was unsigned. “Who wrote this..?” Norman looked at Meg as if in shock.
“That flower took a lot of time and patience. You have met all of the princes.  Which one do you think made it for you?”
Norman did not have a clue as to who her admirer was, but she had her suspicions. She slipped the paper rose into her coiffed hair. “I think it might be Prince Xavier.  He knows that I like roses.”
“Let’s go see your dress.” Meg went to open the door when a page came up to them and said that she had a visitor. “Well, I guess we had better go see who your visitor is.”  The two ladies walked down the hall only to encounter Prince Windermere. He seemed to materialize from the gloomy shadows.
“Hello, ladies. You appear to be in a hurry. Is there anything wrong?” Windermere’s steel-blue eyes looked stormy and dark.
Norman shuddered.  She did not like the feeling she had when she was around the prince. “We were going down to the entry. I was told by the page that I have a visitor. So, if you will please excuse us, we should be on our way.”
“But of course.  I am sorry that I held you up.” Windermere’s voice seemed to drip with venom.
“Thank you for being so understanding, Windermere. We shall get a chance to speak at dinnertime.” Just the thought of having to have any type of conversation with the prince made Norman feel ill. She tried to smile.  Once again the young ladies were on their way. 
They were coming down the stairs when Norman saw her visitor. She smiled and waved. It was Gertrude. They walked up to him. “Hello, Gertrude. What brings you up to the castle today?”
“I have to talk to your father about something, and I came to give you this.” Gertrude held out a beautifully carved box inlaid with different types of wood. The top of the box was adorned with a fully opened rose that held an amber gemstone in its middle. “I know that it is not your birthday yet, but I wanted you to have this for the ball.”
Norman took the box from Gertrude. “Oh, I am sorry. I forgot to introduce you both. Gertrude, this is my friend, Meg O’Brien. Meg, this is my friend Gertrude of Tinker Hollow.” 
Gertrude took Meg’s hand and planted a kiss on it. “It is so nice to meet you, Meg. Norman and I have only known each other for a short time. You are as beautiful as the princess. I like your red hair.” 
Meg blushed. “Thank you, Sir Troll, for the compliments. Please forgive me if I seem a little surprised, but you are the first troll that I have ever met.”
“I hope that meeting me will not give you bad dreams.” Gertrude smiled a wide grin.
Meg blushed harder and her face almost grew as red as her hair. “No, I do not find you offensive.”
Norman looked at the box in her hands. “Shall I open the box now, Gertrude?”
“If you don’t open it, I shall be angry.” Gertrude put on a mock sneer and snarled. The three of them laughed. Norman went over to nearby bench and sat down. Her hands trembled as she undid the box’s latch. Opening the lid, she let out a gasp and tears started to run down her face. The sight of the other half of the gift took her breath away.
“Do you like it, my friend?” Gertrude inquired.
Meg was flabbergasted by the sight of the box’s contents. “Norman, that is so beautiful!” Norman reached into the box and brought forth its hidden treasure. A necklace strung with hundreds of shimmering crystals in a rainbow of colors draped over her fingers. The crystals were separated by fresh-water pearls. Each strand was attached to a cameo aligned in the center, set with diamonds and sapphires. The cameo, itself, was intricately carved in minute detail, depicting a likeness of Norman. She reached over and hugged Gertrude.
“You did not open the entire gift, my Princess.” Gertrude took one of his fingers and pressed a small button on the back of the cameo. The front popped open to reveal a mother of pearl interior with a small inscription. Norman could not see what it said as her eyes were filled with tears.
Meg took the exquisite piece of jewelry from Norman. “The inscription reads: ‘Happy Forever from your friend forever, Gertrude’.” Meg’s eyes welled up with tears. Then looking at Gertrude, she put her hands on her hips. “Now how do you think this is going to make my gift look?”
Gertrude stared at her with a puzzled expression on his face. “I am sure your gift will be cherished as much as I hope mine will be cherished.”
Norman reached over and hugged Gertrude once again. “Thank you so much! The necklace matches my dress perfectly. How did you know what colors to choose?”
“I have very good connections with people in high places.” Gertrude smiled. “I really do have to find your father now as I have found out something that he should know.”
“What is it Gertrude? Can you tell me?” Norman scrunched up her face.
“I am afraid not. I believe the fewer people who have this knowledge, the safer everyone will be. Please excuse me while I talk to the page.” Gertrude arose from where he had been sitting and found the page.  The two disappeared into the great hall.
Norman and Meg sat together on the bench. Meg looked at the necklace still in her hands. “How did you meet Gertrude, Norman?”
“We met in the rose garden by the south side of the castle. He was gathering rose nectar for his mother. He startled me. I fainted. We became friends. It was as simple as that.” 
“Where did he buy such a beautiful necklace?” Meg was still awe-struck by the jewelry’s artistic quality.
Norman looked at Meg. “Gertrude made the necklace himself. I will show you another gift that he fashioned for me. Would you like to come up to my bedchamber and get ready for the ball with me?” She was hoping Meg would say ‘yes’.
“Of course. I would like that a lot. Let’s go see your dress.”
“Yes, let’s go see my dress.” The two ladies made their way to Norman’s bedchamber once again. They arrived at the door to her room to find the door cracked open. “That is odd. I do not remember leaving the door open.”
“Is something wrong, Princess?” Prince Edwin came up behind the ladies. His eyes fell on Meg. “I did not know that you had such a beautiful sister, Norman.”
Meg blushed. “I am Norman’s friend, Meg O’Brien, sir, and you?”
“I am infatuated with all of the beautiful ladies in this kingdom.” Edwin picked up Meg’s hand and planted a kiss on it. “Maybe I will be so lucky to be able to dance with each of you fair damsels at the ball.” An impish smile illuminated Edwin’s lean face and accented his handsome features even more.
“Meg, this is Prince Edwin of Cole, a rakish young man who likes to flirt with the ladies.” Norman’s voice took on a flirting quality. She glanced down at her hand resting on the knob to her bedchamber door. The smile on Norman’s face faded as she took her hand away.
Edwin picked up on her fear. “Are you all right, Princess? I am sorry if I have caused you any distress.”
“I do not remember leaving my door ajar when I left to go downstairs a while ago.” She looked at Edwin and then to Meg.
“Please allow me.” Edwin pushed the door open quickly making it slam against the next wall. “I do not believe anyone is behind the door, at least.” He walked into the room cautiously and started checking the room for an intruder. “I believe it to be safe to come in, Norman and Meg.”
Norman was holding Meg’s hand as they entered. “Are you sure that no one is in the room, Edwin?”
“I am quite positive, my Lady. I even checked within your wardrobe to see if someone was hiding among your clothing.”
Norman looked over to her bed and let out a gasp. Her complexion waxed ashen. On her pillow was another paper rose exactly like the one she and Meg had found earlier. She reached over and picked up the second rose. It was identical to the first. “Please do not take offense to this, Edwin. Did you make these roses for me?”
“I assure you I did not make those roses. I have trouble dressing myself properly, let alone creating something so delicate. My mother tells me that I am a handsome, clumsy ox.” He smiled wanly. “I do suggest that you ask your father to have someone watch your door as this person seems quite bold.”
Norman’s thoughts immediately turned to Windermere. “Yes, Edwin I believe you are right. I think I would sleep a lot better knowing that someone was watching over me.”
“Well, now that you are safely in your room, I shall take my leave. The witch of Cole wants me downstairs early so she can tell me where to sit so that I make her look good.” Edwin smiled, bowed, turned and left, closing the door behind him.
Meg held her hand over her heart. “He is so-o-o-o handsome and charming!” she giggled.

Norman giggled right along with her. “I think I could take a plunge into those liquid blue eyes of his.” Norman walked over to her armoire and pulled out her ball gown.
“Oh, Norman!  Oh, Norman, it is absolutely divine!” Suddenly Meg’s mouth drooped into a pout. “I do not have a chance with the men with you in that gown.  You don’t suppose that you could wear something a little more dowdy, do you?” She looked at Norman, pleading.
“I am sorry my dear friend, but all is fair in love and war.” Norman smiled brightly.
“Then war it is!  Wait ‘til you see what I am wearing. The dress will make you green with envy.”  Meg responded quickly.
“We really must go down and get ready for dinner. Will you please join us? I’ll even let you sit next to Windermere. Really, I shouldn’t make light of the situation. I will ask father for a guard at my door.”

*

The two walked down the long hall with trepidation. They were hoping that they would not run into Windermere. Their luck held until they reached the bottom of the stairway.
He stood there, dressed very regally, as if hoping to disguise his coldness.
“Hello ladies, I came to escort you to your seats. Please take hold of my arms. I promise not to bite you…” Windermere’s words were filled with joy as if he were anticipating doing just that.
“Thank you, Windermere.” Norman looked at Meg and raised her eyebrows. They each slid their arm through one of his. Norman shuddered.
“Why are you shaking, Norman?” Windermere queried.
“It feels very cold out here in the foyer. I really should have worn a wrap to keep the draft off of my shoulders.” She was lying, of course. She looked once again over in Meg’s direction. He seemed so cold, and his moods changed so quickly. “I do not know about the two of you, but I know Meg’s mother has been cooking all day in preparation for this banquet and I find myself starved.”
The trio came to the door of the dining room where they were met by Queen Clivia. She had taken it upon herself to rearrange the seating assignments that Queen Emmaline had painstakingly set up. “Oh, Princess Norman, and who is this person whose arm you have?” The queen arrogantly inquired.
Norman started to speak, but apparently Clivia had lit a fire in Prince Windermere’s britches. “I am Prince Windermere of Encumbra, and I do not answer to a mere scullery maid!” he sarcastically responded.
“You pompous mule!! How dare you refer to me as a lowly scullery maid! I am Queen Clivia of Highland!!” Clivia’s voice had risen about three octaves and she was turning beet red.
“Oh… my, my humble apology… Your Highness…” Windermere’s voice took on a hissing, snakelike quality.
“Your apology is accepted!” Queen Clivia declared haughtily.
“My goodness, no!! I was not apologizing to you. I was feeling sorry for your son and husband...” Windermere unlatched his arms from Meg and Norman.
Just as he did so, Queen Clivia slapped Windermere across the face. She fumed, purple with rage.
Windermere, in a flash, punched her squarely in the mouth. Clivia landed flat on her well-cushioned derrière. “You poor excuse for a queen!  You have an evil tongue and an evil heart! Do not cross my path again!” The prince somehow had managed to maintain his composure. His face was a hot red where the queen slapped him. He bid Norman and Meg to take his arms once again and he seated them where Norman’s mother had requested.
Norman looked at Meg in disbelief. While Norman didn’t condone fighting, she had to agree that Queen Clivia needed someone to put her in her place. She was just very surprised that it was Windermere.
Octavius and Emmaline came into the room to see what all of the commotion was about, and hurried over to Clivia to help her up. Emmaline made the mistake of asking the wrong question – although, in hindsight, she knew that any question she had asked the queen would have been the wrong one. Queen Emmaline took hold of Clivia’s arm as they assisted her to stand. She hadn’t noticed the bloodied nose until Clivia was on her feet. “Are you all right, Clivia?”
“Are you blind?! Of course, I’m not all right!! That impudent moron assaulted me!” Clivia looked at Octavius and snarled. “I want you to arrest him for hitting royalty!”
“My dear woman, must I remind you that he is the prince of the House of Encumbra? He has immunity in my realm just as you do. If you have a problem with the prince, you will have to file a formal complaint with his parents. I am sorry this happened, but I ask you to put it behind you.” Octavius knew his words were falling on deaf ears and he sighed as he glanced at his wife.
“Clivia, could I have one of the pages escort you upstairs so you might freshen up?” Emmaline was trying desperately to be kind to Clivia, but her patience was wearing thin.  Clivia looked towards the table to see everyone staring in her direction. She was about to say something when Prince Edwin walked up to her.
“My dear Queen, I am utterly sorry for what happened to you.  How tragic and unjust! Might I escort you to your room so that you might freshen up? I would truly be honored if you would sit next to me during dinner. Perhaps you can tell me more about your kingdom. I understand that under your rule it has really flourished.”
Clivia appeared to be dumbfounded at first. A coquettish smile crept across her face. “Why, thank you, Prince Edwin. At least I get the respect I am due from someone…!”  She harumphed, casting an angry glance in Octavius’ direction. 
Edwin held out his arm for Clivia to accept. “My dear Queen…”
Clivia took his arm and batted her eyelashes at him. “What would you like to know about my kingdom, Sir?” Off they strolled arm in arm. Edwin turned quickly and winked at King Octavius.
Emmaline looked at Octavius. “That woman is utterly impossible! She is the most insulting, obnoxious being I have ever met!”
“I must agree with you wholeheartedly, my Dear. It is a wonder that her son turned out so well.” Octavius took his wife’s arm and they walked over to the banquet table.
Soon the table was surrounded with the other royal families, and Queen Clivia rejoined the dinner, escorted by a beleaguered Prince Edwin. True to his word, he made sure to take a seat next to the queen and her husband.
The rest of the evening passed without further incident except for hateful stares between Windermere and Clivia. Octavius made it a point to thank Prince Edwin directly for helping disarm Queen Clivia. It was a good evening, and the night turned into morning before anyone realized the time. The ball would come this very eve. Soon the palace was quiet as everyone retired. The only person awake in the whole castle seemed to be the lone guard at Norman’s bedchamber door.

*

Morning came far too early, but come it did. With the dawn came renewed preparations for the ball. Octavius was busy meeting with the other kings, making sure security would be at its highest level. Emmaline was busy with the last minute details for the ballroom decorations and making sure that all of the guests’ needs were met. 
Norman was feeling quite upset as she found another paper rose on the small table next to her door. The guard swore that he had seen no one the whole night. Norman put the incident to the back of her mind, as she had to go over the food and drink lists with Harriet to make sure nothing would be accidentally overlooked. A favorite dish was prepared for each of the royal houses. Octavius had asked the princes to help relay their family’s needs to prepare for the ball to Queen Emmaline. The castle was a hive of activity, with everyone flying from one point to another.
Preparations were underway down in the troll village of Awll as well. King Octavius had asked Winifred if she could make some rolls and breads for the ball. It took Gertrude some time to explain to his mother that most humans do not like bugs in their food, even if they are ground up. Winifred finally relented and put whole grains into them for extra flavor. Derry had agreed to help her friend with the large order. Winifred wanted to be finished early so she could prepare for the ball. She was having Gertrude deliver the breads and rolls up to the castle.
Gertrude was busy being Grand Troll, taking care of the village’s own security. Since he had set up the guards, no new incidents had happened. He stopped by Toddy’s house to see her, but her mother would not let him in because Toddy was getting ready. She did not wish Gertrude to see her before she was ready to leave with him.
The day flew by and soon it was almost time for the ball. Everyone had checked and rechecked everything to make sure that the evening’s festivities would be an event to be remembered by all


Chapter Thirteen


Meanwhile, in an old farmhouse just a short distance from the castle, Lemerich was pacing the floor. He had received his orders and was suppose to carry them out when the signal was passed. All of the preparations were in place. The prince’s plan was working out perfectly so far. Lemerich turned around when he heard a familiar shuffling noise. He raised his eyebrows when he saw another troll with Toggart. “Did I not tell you that no one else was to know of this place?”
Toggart cowered, staring down toward the floor. “I am sorry, but Twiggs here has news concerning the ball. I felt it was too important to put off, seeing that the ball takes place tonight.”
“He does? What type of news do you have for me, troll?” Lemerich leered at the small figure.
Twiggs warily stared up at the menacing man before him. “I have found out that King Octavius has stationed one of his battalions in a different place in his kingdom. He has placed them south of the Troll Village of Awll.”
“How did you come upon this piece of knowledge?” Lemerich’s eyes were mere slits and his tongue seemed to hiss. He was suspicious of Twiggs. “You say your name is ‘Twiggs’? Is your father not the Grand Troll of the troll village in the kingdom of Wellscot?”
Twiggs stood a little taller. “Yes sir, I am Twiggs. You are correct that my father is Grand Troll.”
“Do tell…” As quickly as a snake striking its quarry, Lemerich grabbed Twiggs by his clothing and yanked him off of his feet. He dangled the troll in front of him. “If you are telling me an untruth, I will see to it that your family will meet with an unfortunate accident. Do you understand me, you wretched piece of green slime?!” . Twiggs nodded his understanding. Lemerich dropped him unceremoniously and the troll landed with a thud. He quickly got to his feet, not looking the least bit shaken by his treatment. Twiggs glanced quickly over to where Toggart had been standing. He wasn’t there. The cowardly troll had slithered away toward the door.
Twiggs smiled quickly as he didn’t want to give himself away. Lemerich was going to reap his just reward and Toggart, too. If only he could find out what prince was giving the orders. He must be very careful. He knew that this human was no fool.
Lemerich had poured himself some wine and was once again pacing the floor. “Well, troll, you have bestowed upon me some interesting information. You have given me something to ponder.” Lemerich once again went over and stopped in front of Twiggs and stood there looking at him without making a sound. “Hmmph! You have an unreadable face; that troubles me. Do you not fear me, troll?”
Twiggs looked sternly at Lemerich. “I do not fear you, only the things that I know you are capable of doing…”
Lemerich paused in his pacing as if he were trying to digest what Twiggs had said. He looked toward the back at the room where Toggart had cowered, away from him. “Toggart, come closer as I want to ask you a question.”
Toggart glanced to either side of him as if to see if Lemerich was really talking to him. He walked hesitantly forward until he was beside Twiggs. “What do you wish to know, Lemerich?”
Lemerich leered at Toggart. He stood there staring at the old troll for a while, perhaps choosing his words or thinking how much he hated working with the cowardly troll. He looked over to Twiggs who was standing calmly in one spot, then back at Toggart who was shifting back and forth nervously. “Are you sure everything is in place for this evening? I do not want anything to go wrong. All of the royal families except the House of Bythesea will be there. Some of the soldiers in the ranks of their armies were quite greedy. It never ceases to amaze me how the promise of wealth and power can corrupt a person’s or troll’s morals. Well, Toggart, is everything ready?!”
Toggart gazed at Lemerich, despising him because he knew how this evil human really felt about him. Fear kept his dislike quiet. “Everything is in place, Lemerich. There are guards even in Octavius’ troops that have traded the king’s trust for the promise of gold.”
“Very good!  I know the prince will be very happy. All of the royals will be imprisoned in the dungeons except for Princess Norman. He has plans for her. He intends to marry the princess, whether she is willing or not. The prince is positive that she will see things his way.” Lemerich glanced over at Twiggs who was standing quietly, looking straight ahead. “Young troll, does this not bother you, what our conversation is about?”
Twiggs looked at Lemerich with an expressionless face. “Yes, it bothers me, but I can not do anything about the situation. I do your bidding out of fear for the safety of my family and my village.”
“Do you also do the bidding of King Octavius?” Lemerich thought he noticed a muscle twitch in Twiggs’ neck.
“How can I do the king’s bidding when I am doing yours? I do not have the magical powers to pop in and out of Octavius’ castle at will. Besides, I would be naïve to betray you and risk the lives of my family.” Twiggs looked straight at Lemerich and hoped with all his might that this putrid human would mistake his lie for the truth. 
Twiggs had met Gertrude on countless occasions to pass and receive information. Each time, Gertrude had disguised himself as a very old traveling apothecary. Toggart had even met him once and had not recognized him.
Lemerich looked at Twiggs for a long time. Lemerich was a crafty man. He knew that Twiggs’ allegiance was with his village and king, so why did the young troll mention Octavius? Something odd, he thought. “Toggart, I want you to go to your planned destination and carry out the prince’s orders. I have a different place for you, young troll. Guards! Take this creature to a room and lock him in it. Make sure that it is a room with no windows.” Lemerich watched as they removed Twiggs from the room. The troll did not utter one word.  Lemerich reached for his coat.  When he lifted it, an envelope fell out. It was an invitation to the ball. He smiled as he picked it up. Yes, indeed, he really was going to have a ball tonight…

*

  Gertrude walked through the door of the hovel and was greeted by the sight of Derry in her ball gown. “Fair maiden, may I ask for this dance?” Without hesitation and before Derry could protest, he grabbed her. He took her hand and put his other hand on her waist and whirled her around through the kitchen.
“Gertrude! Gertrude! Winifred, help me! Your son has lost his mind.” Derry tried to stop but Gertrude kept twirling her around the kitchen. Soon Derry was out of breath and collapsed onto one of the kitchen chairs.
Winifred waltzed out into the room, all dressed up. Gertrude stood silently for a moment, gazing at her. He was silent for too long. “Is there something wrong? The dress is overdone with the embroidery. Oh, I knew I should have stopped earlier.” she moaned
“No, Mother there is nothing wrong. You look absolutely enchanting! I was standing there, painting pictures of you in my mind.” Gertrude walked over and placed a kiss on his mother’s cheek.
“Thank you Gertrude. Doesn’t Derry look beautiful, too?” She looked at her friend and brushed some hair away from Derry’s eye.
“She will definitely take a buck’s breath away. I could not restrain myself from dancing with her when I walked in the door.” He grabbed Derry, once more ignoring her protests and whisked her around the room one more time.
Winifred laughed.  “You should get yourself ready as the sleigh the king is sending will be here shortly. We do not wish to have the driver sit out in the cold waiting for us.” Winifred heard something behind her. It was Grumps. “My, you did a good job at getting ready, Father.” She walked over and straightened his cravat. Winifred had spent some time on her father’s outfit as it had been his wedding suit. There was damage from insects and a mouse had chewed a hole in it in an attempt to make a nest. She had embroidered the eagle crest from the sword onto the cravat. “You look very handsome, Father.” 
Grumps looked at her.” I may be handsome, but you, my dear, would make a rainbow blush for how beautiful you look.” Grumps gave his daughter a peck on the cheek.
“Thank you Father…” Winifred tearfully replied.
Gertrude had disappeared behind the draperies that made up the walls to his room. He washed and dressed and reappeared in what seemed like just a few minutes. The suit looked perfect on him. He had his dark hair tied in back of his head with a velvet-like band. Gertrude had trimmed his beard and had braided his mustache. Over his left shoulder he was carrying his father’s sword.
“Why are you bringing the sword tonight, Gertrude?” Derry asked.
“I thought it would be nice to have as much of my father with me tonight as possible. This will be a joyous occasion and I believe his spirit is with us tonight.” Gertrude looked over towards his mother as she nodded in agreement.
A knock sounded at the door. Gertrude went over and opened it. He was caught off guard by the sight that met his eyes. In front of him stood Toddy as Gertrude had never seen her before. She was wearing a shimmering pale green dress with a lacy bodice spun of spiders’ silk. Her hair was set in ringlets that cascaded down the sides of her face. “You are a true vision of loveliness tonight, Toddy...” Gertrude found it hard to form his words.
The sleigh drew up to the hovel just as Toddy arrived. The trolls donned their coats and hats, picked up Norman’s birthday presents and went out into the cold, pristine air. They hopped up into the transport so generously provided for them and huddled underneath the furs for warmth, soon on their way to pick up the other trolls. They had to pick up Phoebe and her husband. Then they would pick up Goodly who was Derry’s date for the evening. Last but not least, they would pick up Jasper, the mortician. He was Winifred’s date for the evening. Soon the sleigh was full of a group of merry trolls, dressed in style, being whisked away to the castle. 
The sleigh was crossing over the bridge when they all noticed the spectacular sight ahead . The roadway had been lined with burning torches to light the way for the guests. There were ‘oohs!’ and ‘ahs!’ with each corner they turned. Each one brought even a grander sight. Everyone was excited about the upcoming festivities. All of the ladies were jabbering away about all the beautiful gowns that they would see. Winifred was hoping that there would be a lot of music.
Gertrude was looking up ahead. “Octavius informed me that they were to have fireworks tonight. He said that he had sent away for them over a year ago and were coming by ship up the river.”
“I have never been up to the castle. Is it as beautiful as it is magnificent?” Toddy moved closer to Gertrude for more warmth.
Gertrude placed his arm around Toddy’s shivering form. “The castle is quite a grand sight. When you enter within tonight, it may seem like you were entering into a fairytale realm.” 
The sleigh made fast and soon they were in front of the grand steps leading to the main door. There were huge bonfires on the castle grounds. Every place they looked there were lanterns and torches lighting the night sky. If it were not for the darkness from above, one would believe it was daytime. Throngs of people were milling about outside as many more sleighs were arriving, the sound of laughter and excitement filling the chill night air. A rambunctious noise echoed from within the castle walls. 
Gertrude jumped from the sleigh first and helped everyone down. Together, with each pair arm in arm, they scaled the steps. All of them were wide-eyed and gazed in amazement at all of the sights that beckoned their eyes. At the bottom of the steps they were greeted by a bawdy choir singing popular folk songs. With each step toward the main door they were met with a different surprise. Winifred and Jasper were in the lead when what seemed like from out of nowhere a man jumped out at them, spitting flames from his mouth. Winifred let out a scream as it frightened her so much. Everyone laughed and continued toward the door. Just as they came to the door, they were greeted by two ladies handing out fresh flowers. Winifred stuck her flower in her hair just below the gold comb she was wearing.
Once inside, they were met by more confusion and the thunderous noise of hundreds of people talking and laughing. Music reverberated off of the festooned granite walls.  A group of pages came over to help them take off their coats and put them away. Gertrude had to reassure Toddy that they were not stealing their coats and that they would have them back after the party. Everyone was laughing and watching all of the people.
A page asked them to follow him over to the doorway leading to the ballroom. A large line of people appeared to be talking to one or two people on the other side of the group. After a short wait, they found out that they were in the receiving line for the ball. Norman was first in line, then her mother and, finally, King Octavius.
Norman noticed Winifred first and waved to her. “Winifred! Winifred! Oh thank you for coming. Oh, you look so beautiful tonight. I thought that I would be wearing the most beautiful gown at the ball. Mine pales next to yours.”
“Thank you, Norman.  You are such a sweet girl to say that. As I look at your gown, though, I am afraid that your gown puts mine to shame. My sister out-did herself. Oh, I am sorry. I would like you to meet Jasper of the Earth, my escort for tonight.”
“So pleased to meet you, Sir Jasper.” Norman flashed one of her winning smiles.
Emmaline’s mouth dropped open as Winifred approached her. “Winifred, your dress is absolutely beautiful! The embroidery looks so real, anyone would swear that those were fresh flowers on your gown.”
“Thank you Emmaline.  You are most kind. My sister seems to have outdone herself with deftness of hand. Your dress and crown are breath-taking!” Winifred smoothed her gown absentmindedly and smiled as Octavius greeted her.
“Lady Winifred, I do hope that you will save a dance for me later this evening. You look very lovely tonight.” Octavius picked up Winifred’s hand and kissed it lightly.
“Your Highness, you should be careful complimenting all of the ladies tonight with your wife standing so near…” Winifred blushed and took a glass of wine off of a passing tray, and was whisked off to the ballroom on Jasper’s arm, totally unprepared for what happened next.
Queen Clivia, wishing to see who was entering the ballroom, had managed to have a large overstuffed chair positioned just inside the door. She was sitting there with her handmaids hovering over her to cater to her passing whims. “Oh my goodness!  How did you filthy green creatures get in here?!” She bellowed.
A sinister silence wound its way through the entire room like a serpent slithering its way through the grass. The hush that fell over the celebrating throng was deafening, and all eyes were cast in the direction of Queen Clivia and her prey. Winifred and Jasper both stood speechless, and felt very out of place.  Clivia had gotten to her feet and had walked over to the bewildered pair. She leered at Winifred and Jasper. “This party is not intended for the likes of you!” She hissed.
“Queen Clivia!” Octavius soundly rebuked the arrogant woman, seeing that his daughter’s birthday celebration had suddenly stopped due to her verbal assault. He quickly approached the woman and gave her a glance that let her see the rage smoldering within. Turning away to Winifred and Jasper, he offered his apologies as host so that all could hear. “Please forgive me for allowing such an ill-mannered, contemptible person who claims to be a ‘queen’ inside my castle’s walls.”  He bowed and turned again to address his no longer welcomed guest.
Clivia was starting to sputter, her face red with rage and embarrassment. “How dare you insult me! I am a royal guest!” 
“You are a guest no longer.  You do not come into MY castle and insult my friends. You will also apologize to my friends and my guests for being so rude.” Octavius was remaining quite calm under the circumstances.
“I will not!”Clivia practically screamed. She puffed out her chest while her cheeks bulged with hot air. Locking her arms in front of her, she looked as if she would explode at any moment. “I will not apologize to a bunch of slimy amphibians…!”
Octavius smiled a wicked smile. “Very well, Queen Clivia, you have given me no other choice. Guards!” Six guards ran over immediately. “Take this poor example of a human being and lock her in our best quarters down in the basement of the castle. When she is ready to apologize from the heart to my friends, she may rejoin the festivities.” Octavius swept his hand towards the door.
Winifred leaned over to Jasper and whispered in his ear. “Her heart is so filled with hate that an apology will get lost in its darkness. We will not see the likes of her again.”
The guards grabbed hold of Queen Clivia and started to carry her away toward the dungeon.

Clivia was shrieking with rage, and the six guards were having difficulty controlling her. “I am Queen Clivia of Highland!  You cannot treat me like this! I have immunity!  Get your hands off of me you wretched men! ” Out of the corner of her eye, she caught sight of her husband, King Sterling. “Husband! Do something!!!”
King Sterling waved goodbye. He hoisted his glass of wine towards her and said something, but his voice was drowned out by his wife’s screaming. 
“You measly little cockroach! Doooo Soooomethiiing!!” And the screaming continued well after she was out of sight.
King Sterling walked over to join the others. “Please accept my most humble apologies for my wife’s crude behavior. She is an overbearing, unkind person. Her parents spoiled her rotten as a child and I am afraid that she will never grow up.”
Winifred nodded as she looked at Octavius. He was just as perplexed by Sterling’s reaction. “If you will please excuse us, we are going to go feast on some of the hors d’oeuvres.” She took Jasper’s arm and headed for the other side of the room toward the many tables laden with all manner of delicacies. Music once more echoed from the rafters, and the dancing, feasting and merry-making resumed.

*

Gertrude had missed the incident between Queen Clivia and his mother. He was going to follow Octavius when he left but was held back by Queen Emmaline, being in the middle of introducing Toddy when the ruckus had erupted.  The rest of the trolls went through the receiving line and entered the ballroom, its sights and sounds overwhelming at first. An orchestra with all types of stringed instruments played a swaying waltz. There was something resembling a harp fixed within a box with many keys. Gertrude hoped that before the evening was over he would have a chance to try and play this strange instrument. He carried his flute along just in case the music got dull.
Beautiful crystal chandeliers sparkled with lit candles while beautiful ribbons hung from their metalwork. Walls were draped with banners and flags and upon the wall at the far end of the room hung a beautiful life-sized oil portrait of the royal family. Walking into the grand room, everyone could feel the excitement. They soon found themselves lost in the festivities.
At the back of the ballroom, Gertrude and Toddy found Norman going around and greeting the many guests. They walked over towards her just as Prince Edwin approached her from behind.
“Happy birthday, Norman! The sight of you tonight would take nature’s breath away.” He took her hand and raised it high and twirled her like a ballerina. “You are absolutely beautiful…”
Norman giggled. “Thank you.  And you look especially handsome this evening.” She caught sight of Gertrude and Toddy. “Edwin, I would like you to meet one of my dearest friends, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow and his date, Toddy of the Green Fern.”
Edwin smiled and hesitated for a split second before accepting Toddy’s hand and kissing it. He then grasped Gertrude’s hand and gave it a firm, strong shake. “It is a pleasure to finally meet you. I have admired the craftsmanship on Queen Emmaline’s crown. You have a rare talent to recreate nature’s beauty so deftly.”
“Thank you, Your Highness, for the kindness of your word.” Gertrude smiled. 
Norman could tell that Gertrude was sizing the prince up. “Gertrude also fashioned the necklace that I am wearing tonight.” She touched the glittering necklace softly and smiled towards Gertrude.
“Ah yes, I can see the quality and care that he gives each piece that he creates. Princess, would you please do me the honor of this dance?  If you would please excuse us, Sir Gertrude and Lady Toddy...” With that, Edwin grasped Norman’s arm and whisked her away to the dance floor.
Gertrude took Toddy’s arm and followed them. “This is my favorite waltz.  It is called the ‘Waltz of the Flowers’.” He put his right arm around Toddy’s waist and took his left hand and put it in her right hand. Around the dance floor they whirled.
“Gertrude, I did not know that you knew how to dance! Who taught you?” Toddy smiled and bent her head back slightly. “I love dancing. I pretend that I am flying and that my feet are skipping across the clouds.” 
Gertrude was enjoying the moment, too. There was an odd feeling rushing through his body, a strange kind of heat. He was watching Toddy’s face and laughing at her expression. “I am glad you are enjoying yourself. My mother taught me how to dance when I was a hopper. She would have me stand on her feet and I would have to keep my feet on hers. She made it like a game - one I thoroughly enjoyed. She always told me that a lady never enjoyed having her feet used for targets.” Gertrude chuckled.
Toddy smiled at Gertrude. “Thank you for inviting me tonight, Gertrude. I shall carry the extraordinary memory of this evening with me until the day I die.”  Gertrude nodded in agreement. “To tell you the truth, Toddy, I was shocked when we received the invitation to the ball. My friendship with Norman is one thing, but to be here in the palace among all of these humans is not normal in our world.”
Toddy was quiet for a moment, perhaps to contemplate what Gertrude had just said. “Your father had envisioned a world where both human and troll lived in peace with each other, side by side, in their daily lives. I think it is through our generation that we will start to see the possibilities rather than the impossibilities.”
Gertrude was silent, whether it was to enjoy the moment or to ponder what Toddy had just expressed. “It is odd that you bring up the possibilities. I shall tell you one of my feelings that I keep within and have not shared with another. I feel like I am in a room where a door has slammed shut in my life. I am in a dark room where no one else has made a footprint. I am alone. I hear the voices of friends and family encouraging me onward.  They seem to know my inner strength better than I. Kern has opened two windows for me, but he has only put light to one window. He tells me in whispers that the dark window represents my past. He has told me that the past can never become the present no matter how much one longs for some of its joys. So I have chosen the lit window, with the possibilities, knowing that Kern has given me the strength to go forward, and the knowledge that should I falter or I am in need that he will be there to guide me. It was difficult for me to accept the position of Grand Troll, but I did it. That was my first excursion through the window. Kern has a hand in our destiny, but it is up to us to follow the path he has set before us.” Gertrude sighed as if a burden had lifted from his shoulders. He looked at Toddy and realized that she was crying. “What is wrong, Toddy? I am sorry for making you cry.”
“Thank you for sharing yourself with me, Gertrude.  You are far wiser than your years. Everyone should embrace the possibilities of life.” Toddy stopped dancing and retrieved a lace handkerchief from her bodice and wiped her eyes. Toddy stared beyond Gertrude toward the other side of the room.
“What is wrong, Toddy?” Gertrude turned to see what had caught Toddy’s eye. He looked but saw nothing unusual. He leaned over toward Toddy. “What do you see that troubles you?”
“I just saw that tall human over by the blue dragon banner give something to the guard. Is that not unusual, Gertrude?” Another waltz started and the pair found themselves dancing once again to make it possible for them to exit the dance floor near the man.
“I will go over and find out who this gentleman is. Perhaps I can figure out what he is up to.” Gertrude left Toddy’s side and walked through the crowd. He found his mother and Jasper engaged with Queen Julianna of Encumbra in a very animated conversation. He did not stop to enter the conversation and excused himself as he passed. Gertrude caught sight of the tall human that Toddy had seen a few moments before and walked up to him.
Octavius must have seen Gertrude walking swiftly through the crowd and met him just as he approached the human. “Gertrude, I have wanted to talk to you, but our paths have not met till now. Oh, excuse me, Gertrude, how rude of me. Gertrude, this is Lord Mellem Q. Richland of Glennmorley. Qew, this is my friend, Gertrude of Tinker Hollow, Grand Troll of Awll.”
Lord Mellem smiled. “Ah yes. Sir Gertrude, it is a pleasure to meet you. I have heard about you often.” Lord Mellem reached out to shake Gertrude’s extended hand. 
The handshake felt weak and insincere. Gertrude noticed Qew wipe his hands clean with a hanky he was holding. He eyed Qew cautiously. There was something about this lord that he did not like. 
“Gertrude, Qew is my childhood friend. We have known each other for many years. Unfortunately, we find less and less time to spend with each other as the years pass.” Octavius placed a hand on Qew’s shoulder. “I saw you walking in this direction. Is there something bothering you?”
Gertrude looked at Octavius and realized that he would have to choose his words very carefully so as not to question the king’s friendship with this person. “I noticed that he had been admiring the wall hanging of the dragon. I wondered if perhaps he was the artist.”
Qew laughed heartily. “My dear sir, you flatter me. No, this banner once hung in our household when I was a youngster. My father gave it to King Norman as a reminder of their friendship. When it was in our house, I use to admire it. To me, the dragon means strength and bravery. The crest of our family is a dragon. Do you have a crest, Sir Gertrude? Perhaps a rabbit?”
Gertrude sensed a hint of condescending sarcasm in Qew’s voice. “No, it is not a rabbit.  Although they are smart and swift they do not match the power of an eagle. Sometime I must sit down with you over a glass of wine and tell you the tale of the eagle that slays the dragon.” Gertrude watched the veins in Qew’s neck bulge. 
“That must be some tale, Gertrude! I would like to join you.” Octavius laughed.
“If you will please excuse me, I must find something to drink as my throat is getting parched. Once again, it was nice to meet you, Sir Gertrude. I will talk to you later, Octavius.” With that, Lord Mellem walked toward the other side of the ballroom where there was some punch.
Gertrude looked at Octavius. “Your friend, Lord Mellem, does not like me. I do not mean to insult you, Octavius, but he seems so distant and aloof, so different from you. What do you find about him that makes you like him?”
“It is odd that you ask me that question, Gertrude. I was contemplating just the other day what was holding our friendship together. The last time I saw him, he was in a hurry and hardly spoke to me, such as just a while ago. He has become distant over the past four or five years. I can only surmise the reason for his coolness. Perhaps he has too many things on his mind. He always had high aspirations of seeing new lands and conquering them. Maybe he realizes that the dream will not come true.” Octavius sat down on a nearby chair. “Gertrude, why did you really come over to Qew, I mean Lord Mellem?”
Gertrude was surprised by Octavius’ question. “Toddy saw Lord Mellem give something to one of your guards, and it appeared as if he were talking to him.”
“Which guard was it, Gertrude?” Octavius rose to his feet.
Gertrude looked over to where the guard had been standing and was surprised to see a different guard in his place. “He was standing over there, but that is not the same guard.” Gertrude quickly scanned the perimeter of the ballroom. “The guard leaves over there.” Gertrude pointed him out to Octavius.
Octavius turned and walked over to the remaining guard. “Warren, who was the soldier you just relieved?”
I do not know who he was, Your Highness. He came up to me a short while ago and told me that Commander Andre wanted to see me. I could not find the commander so I came back to my post.” The guard stood at attention and looked at Octavius with apprehension. “I hope that I did nothing wrong, Sire…”
“No, Warren you always do your service to me with honor.” Octavius rested a hand on the young soldier’s shoulder. “Gertrude, I am going to find Andre and have him come here. I think there is something amiss. I hope it is nothing, but I would rather err on the side of caution than not.”
“I think that I will keep an eye on Lord Mellem. Did he come with his wife tonight, Octavius?”
Octavius looked stunned by Gertrude’s question. “He is not married. He lost his wife in a riding accident just last year. She supposedly was on her way here when the horse she was riding got spooked by something. The horse threw her and she hit her head on a rock and died. Emmaline and I found it very hard to believe as she was a very accomplished rider. Why do you ask such an odd question, Gertrude?”
“He seems to be taken by this one lady in a blue gown, and she seems to be quite taken by him.” He pointed out Mellem and his female friend.
“Oh! That is Lady Vivian of Cole. She is Queen Angelia’s sister. I would not have invited her if it hadn’t been a request of Queen Angelia, herself. I find Vivian to be a very evil-minded, calculating individual. Really, I have never seen such a difference in siblings. Queen Angelia is a warm, caring individual. It really is quite a remarkable difference.” Octavius shook his head.
“I wish I could be a fly and be listening in on their conversation. I am sorry, Octavius, but I do not trust your friend, Mellem.” Gertrude picked a tart off of a passing tray.
“Mellem has changed a lot over the years, without doubt. However, I must give him the benefit of that doubt. Gertrude, I shall go find Andre. Keep watch to see if anything else that seems strange happens.” Octavius turned and walked towards the large entry into the ballroom.
Gertrude saw his mother and Toddy was standing next to her. He could not see Jasper.  Perhaps he was getting some food from the table. He walked up to them to find Toddy crying. “What is wrong, Toddy? Are you feeling well?”
Winifred looked at Gertrude and gestured in the direction of Lord Mellem and Lady Vivian. “The beast in the blue dress made Toddy cry. She called her…”
“She called me a ‘wart-covered bullfrog’, and pushed me aside like I was dirt before a broom. Why are some of these humans so nasty tonight?” Toddy tried to choke back another onslaught of tears. “I told her she was a very rude person, and the man went to grab me but thought better of it.”
“I am sorry that you had a run-in with Lady Vivian and Lord Mellem. They are a well-suited pair.” A look of dismay crossed Gertrude’s face. He quickly changed his expression to a smile. “Come Toddy; let’s dance.” He took Toddy’s arm and headed to the dance floor.
Toddy stopped suddenly when she realized that Gertrude was taking her past Vivian and Mellem again. “Gertrude what are you doing? I do not want to go near her again!”
“Trust me, please, Toddy.” The two headed directly for Vivian, and Gertrude purposely bumped into her, making her spill a glass of wine down the front of her. “Oh, I am terribly sorry. Oh, Lord Mellem, please accept my most humble apologies for bumping into your friend.”
“You hideous green beast! Look at what you have done to my gown!” Lady Vivian sputtered.  She then caught sight of Toddy. “You ugly green troll!  You put this moron up to this, didn’t you?!”
Mellem grabbed Lady Vivian’s arm and whispered something in her ear. Lady Vivian looked at him incredulously and stormed off in a huff.
“Your apology is accepted, Sir Troll.  Now if you will please excuse me…” Mellem turned abruptly, but not before showing his contempt through a disgusted expression.
Toddy laughed. “Gertrude you did do that on purpose. That is so unlike you. Why did you do that?” 
“I had to prove something to myself. I believe Lord Mellem is here to cause some sort of trouble, however I wasn’t sure of it. His reaction just now cemented my suspicions. He is up to something. I will have to keep an eye on him.” He looked at Toddy and smiled. “Let’s go show these people how to dance!”
Toddy took his arm. “Gertrude, when I am with you, everything seems so wonderful. Even the bad things don’t seem so bad.” Before she finished her sentence, she was being whirled around the dance floor. They danced three dances until Toddy was out of breath.
Suddenly trumpets sounded. Everyone turned to the front of the room to where King Octavius, Queen Emmaline and Norman stood. The young woman was standing in between her parents.
“Ladies and gentlemen!  We are here this evening to celebrate our daughter’s birthday. We are honored by your presence and hope that you will enjoy sharing this grand moment with us.” Octavius gestures toward the crowd before him.” I beseech you to let this be an evening of merriment and bliss.” Looking toward Norman, Octavius continued. “I will delay the festivities no longer. We shall formally start the celebration by having my daughter Norman choose her partner for the first dance. My wife and I have happily agreed on her choice. Norman would you please do your father and mother the honor of choosing your dance partner.”
Norman walked a few steps forward, turned and curtsied to her parents, smiling brightly as she came down the stairs and stepped onto the ballroom floor. She walked the inside perimeter of the cheering crowd. One by one, she passed all of her suitors, each one showing a look of dismay. Norman was having a good time at this and would extend a hand out partway and then pull it back, teasing the crowd. She soon had made a complete walk around the inside circle. Laughing, she started again, and kept up the teasing. Suddenly, Norman stopped and extended her arm fully in front of her chosen dance partner. The crowd hushed except for a few whispers.” I choose you, my dear friend, to dance with. With your escort’s permission, will you dance with me?”
Gertrude could not believe that Norman had chosen him to dance with. He looked at Toddy to receive her nod. He reached out to grab Norman’s hand. There were a few audible gasps as Gertrude stepped upon the dance floor. Then as Norman entwined her arm within his, the crowd erupted into a loud, deafening cheer. “You do me great honor by choosing me as your first dance partner.”
“No, kind sir, it is I that am honored. I would trust you with my very life, my friend.” Norman smiled as she raised her right hand and the music began. 
“I recognize this song.” He started singing the lyrics to Norman. Gertrude’s voice was deep and mellow, filled with heartfelt emotion.

‘Come, take my hand, my friend, for with you I feel so safe.
Please dance the ‘Friendship Waltz’ with me.
I will always be there if you should need me.
I will not hesitate when you call my name.

Life is a dance my friend, come join me in life’s embrace.
Whether you lead or follow, I shall be only a thought away.

May your life always be merry.
May the winds of change always bring you good.
I have been blessed by knowing you.
I have been double blessed by knowing you as a friend.

Life is a dance my friend, come join me in life’s embrace.
Whether you lead or follow, I shall be only a thought away.’

Norman was overwhelmed by the lyrics. She had picked the music only by its name. That is when she had gotten the idea to pick Gertrude instead of one of her suitors. She smiled down into Gertrude’s smiling face, tears of happiness flowing from her eyes.
“My mother use to sing that song to me when I was a small hopper. She still sings it when she gets busy with her chores. She and Dory sing it together a lot.” Gertrude swept her along as the music continued. “You look like a bouquet of roses bursting forth in all of their beauty tonight, Princess.”
Norman could only smile and say, “Thank you.” The music ended, only to begin again. Norman shared, “This is where some of the fun begins. When the music stops, you are suppose to pick another partner, and I will pick another partner. Each time the music stops, you pick another partner. Ready, set, go!” The music stopped. Norman let go and rushed over and grabbed Prince Edwin’s arm. 
Gertrude hesitated for a split second and hopped over to where Queen Emmaline was standing. Off they flew across the floor. Each time the music stopped, they had to rush and get another partner. Soon the dance floor was full. Laughter echoed off the walls and ceiling.  The dancing and merriment went on for a couple more hours, until King Octavius stood at the front of the ballroom once again with Queen Emmaline and Norman by his side. The horns sounded and the ballroom stood silent. Octavius cleared his throat. 
“Please, everyone grab a glass so I may propose a toast to my lovely daughter.” Octavius waited but a moment and raised his glass to the assembled merrymakers then to his daughter. “To my lovely daughter: as we send you into the world to travel the roads of life, may you always have sunshine upon your face, a warm wind blowing from behind. May the flowers of love, friendship and happiness spring up before you upon the path that you choose. May I also be selfish at this moment and wish you many children so that your mother and I can spoil them. To my daughter, Norman, happy birthday!” Octavius hoisted his cup higher and then swiftly emptied its contents.  “This has truly been a memorable evening so far. However, it would not be a birthday without a birthday cake.  The cake, please!”
Horns trumpeted once again and the rear doors of the ballroom opened. Two guards holding streaming banners festooned with hundreds of multi-colored ribbons entered followed by a wagon drawn by four other soldiers. Upon the cart - which was gaily decorated with paper flowers and more ribbons - was an enormous cake. The crowd ‘oohed’ and ‘ahhed’ as the wagon made its way through the ballroom. As it approached where Norman and her parents were standing, Gertrude, Toddy, Winifred, Dory and the rest of the trolls strolled onto the floor and began to sing:

“ Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday, dear Princess.
Happy Birthday to you!”

A loud, prolonged cheer followed, with everyone clapping their hands. The sound was deafening.   Norman stepped down off of the platform and walked up to the massive cake. She paused for a moment to admire the artistic beauty that someone had so meticulously placed upon the confection. The whole cake was covered in pink and yellow roses. Hummingbirds seemed to be flitting from flower to flower. Norman walked around the cake to stand looking out at the crowd of smiling faces before her. “I want to thank everyone for coming to help us celebrate my birthday. I hope everyone is enjoying the evening’s festivities as much as I am. While the cake is being cut, we will dance the ‘Birthday Waltz’.”
Gertrude stepped forward carrying a small pouch. He walked up to stand beside Norman and smiled at her. “It is a troll tradition that when it is someone’s birthday, they should blow out candles that have been placed upon the cake. Before the person blows out the candles, they are to make a wish. If they blow out all of their candles, their wish shall come true.” With that, Gertrude turned around and placed twenty-two candles on the cake, and lit them.
Norman laughed. “Gertrude you are trying to make me older than I am. I am only twenty-one! You have an extra candle on the cake.”
Gertrude smiled sheepishly. “That extra candle is lit to ask for Kern’s continued blessings for a long, happy life.”
“Oh, how wonderful!” Norman bent over and gave him a kiss on his forehead.
Gertrude beckoned Octavius and Emmaline to join them. Once they were together, Gertrude brought Norman in front of the cake. “Now make a wish and blow out the candles.”

Chapter Fourteen

Norman closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Just as she went to blow out the candles, a loud explosion shook the palace from its rafters to its very foundation. Screams of fear echoed throughout the great ballroom. Tapestries and banners came undone from their fastenings. The great crystal chandeliers swayed as if the whole earth had moved. Some of the candles fell, setting the fallen banners ablaze. People with the presence of mind tried to extinguish the flames. Everyone rushed toward the main entrance only to be stopped by sword-wielding guards and barricaded doors. More screaming ensued, as both Gertrude and King Octavius noticed what was going on. Some guards were fighting one another.  Sadly, the ones loyal to Octavius were soon overpowered by the rebellious guards.
Gertrude pulled his sword from its hilt and shielded Norman and the queen behind him. Running towards the quartet were several of the king’s guards with their swords raised.  The Troll shouted, “Octavius, flee with your family! The guards do not look as if they are coming to protect you…”
Octavius looked at Gertrude. “You cannot fight four humans at once!  You must come with us! Please do not argue with me…”  What Octavius said rang true to his ears. Gertrude turned as they all fled the oncoming guards. He was the last to go through the unguarded door. Just as he did so, he heard a familiar voice - one dripping with hatred. It was Lord Mellem giving the orders!
The four fugitives found themselves dodging guards. One guard was unfortunate enough to challenge Gertrude’s blade. He fell as they made their way through the halls and down the stairs. They found every entry out of the castle blocked by guards. Octavius noticed that the guards wore the colors of all of the other kingdoms and pointed it out to Gertrude. They did not have time to ponder exactly what was going on or who was in charge of the rebellion as they made their way to the bowels of the castle.
“Gertrude, there is no way of escaping. They will find us sooner or later. We are trapped with no way out.” Octavius was looking over his shoulder, watching for guards.
They soon found themselves in the corridor with all of the cells. All of them were empty. Either the guards had been overwhelmed by the others, or the guards had merely let the captives go. Gertrude led them to a large room off of that corridor. He closed the door and started piling furniture in front of it. The others joined in and soon they had barricaded themselves inside.
“Gertrude, why did you lead us here? This is a dead end and sooner or later we will either succumb to thirst and starvation or they will break in.” Norman anxiously cried.
“There is an exit into the tunnels from this room. If you will remember, Norman, we came across a large blank wall at the base of the castle when we were exploring the tunnels.” As he spoke, Gertrude went over to a torch post hanging from the farthest wall and pushed it with all of his strength.  The walls of the room started to tremble and the rattle of chains could be heard. The floor vibrated as if some gigantic monster had been awakened from a long slumber. Slowly the outside wall moved outward giving a narrow passage, yielding a cold darkness.
Gertrude took the small sack from his shoulder that held the remaining candles he had brought and lit them. “Come!  We must hurry before they find us and the hidden passage.” Gertrude let the three royals pass first and followed close behind. The candles lit the tunnel well enough for Gertrude to find the other torch holder. Once again he gave it a push with all of its strength. The four of them watched as the passage closed.
Octavius looked at Gertrude questioningly. “Why did you not tell me of this secret passage, Gertrude?”
“My mother once told me that the best kept secret is the one told to nobody but yourself. I knew that there were spies in the castle. I knew that this passage might come in handy, and it did...”
Octavius nodded his head in agreement. “You lead the way, my friend.”

*

Meanwhile, up in the castle everything was not going as planned. Lord Mellem was screaming orders to the guards. “I want all of the members of the royal households brought before me!” Guards were scurrying all over the place trying to find the royal families. “Where are King Octavius and his family?!”
A guard came over to Mellem. “My Lord, King Octavius has disappeared along with his wife and daughter. They are nowhere to be found. We have searched the entire castle.”
“Search it again! Search every nook and cranny! Every exit was blocked and there was no way for them to escape.” Mellem’s jaw clenched and he went purple with rage. A tap on the shoulder made him turn and snarl at the person behind him. “My Prince! I am sorry… I did not realize that it was you.” Mellem cowered and stepped back from the prince.
“What has gone wrong? I can tell by the expression on your face that something is amiss.” The prince looked at Mellem as a cat would a mouse.
“Nothing that I cannot handle, my Prince. It is merely a small matter that I am taking care of personally.” Mellem tried hard to act as if he were well in control of the situation.
A guard scurried over to Mellem. “My Lord, all of the royal houses are gathered in the great hall. We still can not locate King Octavius a………”
The guard was cut short by a scream of absolute rage from the Prince. “You mindless, near-sighted, sniveling moron! You had him here in this room and you let him escape?!” The prince hissed through his clenched teeth. He flung his arms in the air. “Of all the utter incompetence!  To think that I agreed to your terms to let you be my overseer!” The prince turned quickly and went nose to nose with the trembling Mellem. “You find the king and his family before the sunrise or the only thing you will be in charge of is a small space in a coffin!!”
Not far away, Winifred and Toddy were underneath the stage where the throne had been placed for the party. She had grabbed a dark banner and covered the two of them. The old troll saw the guards go after the royal family and immediately grabbed Toddy and hid while there was enough confusion to make themselves invisible.
“Winifred, I am so afraid. What are we going to do?”
Winifred tried to keep the fear out of her voice. “We are going to remain here until everything is quiet. Then, with luck, we might be able to escape down through a lower passage or an unguarded door. We will be fine, my dear.” she whispered. She reached over and put one of her hands on Toddy’s.
“I thought Gertrude would come to help us. I did not see where he went. You don’t think something ill has happened to him do you, Winifred?” Toddy’s voice cracked.
“I caught a glimpse of him going out the rear door. He had his sword drawn. He knows how to use the sword well so I am sure that he will be all right. Shh! I hear someone coming.” They crouched closer to the front of the platform.
“Check well under that platform.” an unfamiliar voice commanded. A stick could be heard as if the person was poking the inner reaches of the platform. The sound of the stick came closer…and closer. “That’s good.  You have poked under there long enough. Check behind every door and inside anything that might be big enough to hide a human or troll.” 
Winifred was about to say something to Toddy when she heard a very familiar voice. Toggart was speaking to someone. She took the banner off of her head in hopes that, clearing the fabric away, she would be better able to hear his conversation.
“Lemerich, my lord, I came as soon as I received your summons. What may I do to be of service to you?”
“I need you to go down to your village and look for King Octavius and the royal family. They escaped somehow. We cannot find them in the castle. Do you know of any secret entrance to the castle?”
“I do not have any knowledge of any secret entry, Lord Lemerich.”
“It is a wonder that you have any knowledge at all, troll! Go! See if you can find the royal family.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
Winifred smiled. “Did you hear that, Toddy? They cannot find the king, which means they are safe for the time being. If you can fall asleep for a while, I need to stay awake and watch for trouble. Besides, if I fall asleep, I may snore and give our hiding place up.”
Toddy moved under the banner. “I will try to sleep, Winifred, but this floor is very cold and hard.” Soon, however, Winifred could tell that Toddy had fallen off to sleep by the sound of her breathing. She moved to get more comfortable. It was going to be a long, hard night.

*

Gertrude and the others walked through the tunnels, damp cold creeping into their coatless bodies. The sound of teeth chattering was making Gertrude very anxious, for he knew that they did not have much more time before they would succumb to the cold. Keeping everyone moving was their only hope of gaining warm shelter somewhere. “I cannot remember how much farther this part of the tunnel goes, but we should be coming to a sharp curve shortly.” Just as the words left his mouth they came to a dead end. “This tunnel went on, I am sure of it. We must double back to see if we missed a junction in the tunnel.”
Norman started crying. “Are we going to die in here?” She sobbed and her teeth seemed to chatter louder.
Gertrude took off his suit coat and swung it over Norman’s shoulders. “I am sorry about this…”
“This is not your fault, Gertrude. We must keep going. We are sure to find the way out.” Octavius reached out his hand, meaning to put it upon Gertrude’s shoulder. However, it missed its mark and hit the wall behind him. There was the sound of wood.
Queen Emmaline let out a gasp. “I do not think you were wrong, Gertrude. Someone has cleverly blocked passage from the tunnel. She held her dwindling candle to the wall where her husband had knocked the dirt away. She went to the side and to everyone’s surprise she found a rusted old handle sticking partially out of the dirt. “Look, it is a doorway!”
Gertrude looked at the other side to see if he could see any hinges. “The door opens outward, away from us. Perhaps, Octavius if you and I put our backs to the door, we can make it give way.” 
The two put all of their weight and strength to the door. Dirt fell and a loud creaking of metal against metal could be heard. They pushed and pushed. The ladies tried to help by leaning into the door the best they could. With a sudden shudder and the cracking of aged wood, the door burst open. All four of them landed in a heap on the floor on the other side.
Gertrude was the first to his feet. They had lost their light and it was totally pitch black. He reached inside his pouch to retrieve another candle. Before he could do so, light sprang from an opening above them. A trap door over their heads opened and Gertrude could make out a ladder. A familiar face appeared at the opening, brandishing a broom.
“Gertrude; is that you? Oh my goodness!  And who are these people with you? How did you gain entrance to my root cellar?” Bertha had a confused look on her face.
Gertrude urged Norman and Emmaline up the ladder and then Octavius. He was the last to come up and enter into the room. “Bertha, we need warmth. Please give us some blankets.” Gertrude closed the trap door to the cellar and the door fell with a loud ‘bang!’ as it slipped from his frozen fingers. 
Bertha hustled off to another room and returned in the blink of an eye with the requested blankets.” Here, I will put on some blog and heat some bricks. Gather chairs and sit by the fire.” Bertha threw on a couple more logs and busied herself making blog.
Gertrude brought over chairs from the table. “Norman and Emmaline, please sit here.” The troll pointed to the two chairs closest to the fire. “Let us get you wrapped in blankets first.” Gertrude handed a blanket to each of his friends, and they sat down, enjoying the heat that was bathing their near frozen bodies.
Bertha brought over a mug of blog for each of them. It was quiet except for the crackle of the warm, glowing fire and the sipping noise made when someone took a swig of the steamy blog.
“Well, Gertrude and who are these poor strangers that you have brought into my hovel?” Bertha took a sip of her blog.
Gertrude looked at Bertha in surprise. “Bertha this is King Octavius, his wife, Queen Emmaline and their daughter, Princess Norman.”
Bertha nearly dropped her cup of blog. “No…!” Gertrude and the others all nodded their heads. “Glory me! None of this is making any sense to my poor old brain. Exactly what is going on, that I am hosting the royal family?”
“My good lady; we found ourselves in a predicament. During the ball, we were attacked inside the palace by traitorous guards. It occurred right after an explosion. Fortunately, we were by an opened exit and made our escape. Gertrude led us to a room and a secret passage leading from the castle. We were ill-equipped for the passage through the tunnel and it was by accident that we happened upon the door to your cellar.” Octavius took a long drink of his blog
“Where is Toddy, Gertrude? Where is my daughter?!” Anxiety and concern filled Bertha’s voice.
“I am afraid that she is still in the castle. She was standing next to my mother the last time I saw her. Knowing my mother, she is in a safe hiding spot and they will attempt to get out of the castle when it is possible.”
“I hope you are right, Gertrude.” Tears welled up in Bertha’s eyes.
“Lady Bertha, do you know what the large explosion was that shook the ground earlier this eve?” Octavius queried.
“Oh yes, it was a small ship coming up the river. As it approached the cliffs, it came under attack. A hail of flaming arrows assaulted the ship. Shortly after, it exploded. The explosion was amazing, but deadly. I am glad it exploded when it did or else it would have been too close to our village and would have rained fire on it.”
“Ah, just as I suspected.  While we were traipsing through the tunnel, my mind was at work trying to figure out what was going on. They must have used the ship as a signal to set their scheme in motion. I just cannot figure out who is leading this invasion. I have assumed that none of the invited kingdoms were involved in this. There were traitorous guards in each camp. Whoever is behind this has been planning it a long time. It takes time and a lot of wealth to infiltrate another kingdom’s army. Ever since the pillaging started, I have put people out throughout the countryside to glean information for me. Unfortunately, it seems that I did not find out enough…”
“Why did they plan it during my birthday celebration?” Norman held up her cup. “Lady Bertha, could I please trouble you for another cup of blog? I am finally warming up.”
“No trouble at all, my dear.” Bertha got up and poured another cup of blog for Norman. “While my poor body is standing, would anybody else like another cup of blog?”
Gertrude stood up and brought over his cup to be refilled. He looked at Norman and sighed. “The reason they chose your birthday is because all of the royal houses would be at your ball. Without a head of state in the kingdoms, they probably fell without a fight. I am wondering where my cousins have gone and the other two trolls you had locked up.” He handed the cup of blog to Norman.
“Does it really matter at this point, Gertrude? All is lost at the moment, and we are fugitives in my own kingdom.”
“Well, yes, I think it does, because if we could find out who Lemerich is, we could devise a plan to ‘upset the apple cart’. I believe if we could find a way of tricking them in revealing Lemerich to us, he would ultimately lead us to the person behind this whole plot.” Gertrude took a sip of his blog and sat down again.
“You are correct in that thinking, Gertrude. However, for all we know, they are still up at the castle. Lady Bertha, I hate to impose upon you, but would you mind housing us for the evening? It is late and the cold of the tunnels has numbed my thinking. I believe that we would all feel better after getting some well-needed rest.” Octavius looked up at Bertha who was standing beside the fireplace.
“Oh my….why, of course you can stay here. I have plenty of blankets.” Bertha left the room and returned quickly with a pile of wool blankets. She disappeared one more time and returned with down-filled sleeping mats. “I am sorry but I do not have any pillows to rest your heads upon.”
“There is no need to apologize, Bertha.  What you have done for us has been very gracious and giving.” Gertrude took one of the mats and placed it by the door. He put his sword right next to it, within easy reach. The others chose their own spots to put their mats. Soon the hovel was quiet with only the hearth’s dying embers giving light. No one noticed, as the events of the day had wrought exhaustion on the quartet.

*

Up in the castle, things had quieted down considerably. Winifred had managed to barely stay awake and she jostled Toddy. “Toddy wake up. Wake up, child!”
“Oh, but Mother can’t I sleep a while longer?” Toddy rolled over and turned her back to Winifred. 
“Toddy, wake up now! This is no time to sleep! We must make our escape from here.” Winifred’s voice took on a tone of anxiousness that brought Toddy out of her deep slumber.
“I am sorry, Winifred. I had been dreaming that I was a little child once again and the bed kept calling to me to enjoy its warmth a while longer.” Toddy moved and threw off the banner. “My, it is getting cold in here. Yes, I do believe it is time for us to leave.”
Winifred led the way, the crawl out from under the platform made difficult because of their dresses. Finally they were able to stand up. “Everything looks clear. I see only one guard and he appears to be dozing. Be quiet.” The two ladies walked silently to the door leading down to the kitchen. Slowly, ever so slowly, Winifred opened the heavy door. When it was open wide enough for them to pass, they slowly closed the door behind them.
 Down the stairs they crept as quietly as mice. When they got to the bottom of the steps, Winifred heard voices. They stopped. The voices grew louder. Both ladies looked at each other with apprehension gripping their hearts. Winifred put her finger to her lips to tell Toddy to be quiet. 
The voices became louder still. Both ladies backed up as close to the wall as they could. The guards passed by the end of the stairway without looking up. Quickly Winifred yanked Toddy’s arm and they flew around the corner, out of sight from the guards. To their horror, in front of them stood a guard with his back turned towards them. Winifred listened for a moment. The guard was sleeping, but they had to go right past him to get outside, and the corridor was long and well lit. They must attempt it.
With Winifred leading the way, the two eased by the guard. Further down the corridor they heard the clanking noise of pots and pans and talking. As they approached the doorway to the kitchen, Winifred and Toddy hesitated and Winifred took a peek in the door. The kitchen staff was busy preparing the morning breakfast and others were cleaning up from the ball.
“Ah-choo!!!” Without warning, Toddy sneezed. It was a loud sneeze, one that surely would set a record on length and volume. The sound of it echoed down the long passageway and made the guard stir.
“Halt!  Who goes there?” He shouted. He ran towards the ladies, with his sword drawn.  Winifred and Toddy had no other choice but to dive into the chaos of the kitchen.
The guard entered and started looking for them. He rushed over to Harriet who was busy stirring pots on the stove. “You, woman, have you seen two trolls in ball gowns enter the kitchen?”
Harriet turned swiftly and held up the large wooden spoon that she was using to stir the pots. “What in bloomin’ hell does it look like we’re doing in here?! Does it look like we’re having a bloody ball in here?!”
The guard backed away from Harriet, not wishing to anger her further. “I saw two trolls come in here, so they must be here. You must have seen them!”
This time Harriet turned beet red and launched the spoon at the guard. “Does it look like I have eyes in the back of me head, you dimwitted excuse for a guard?! Search the kitchen if you must, but stay out of the way of me and my workers. We have a job to do. If you don’t leave, I will tie an apron on your scrawny frame and make you peel the turnips that I need!” Harriet turned around to the stove and picked up another large spoon, hiding the large grin that was spreading across her face.  The young guard hesitated for a moment and then hurriedly glanced around the kitchen. He walked out and back to his post.
Harriet turned back around and told one of the ladies to check to see where the guard was. After she said that the coast was all clear, Harriet pushed a small table aside that was concealing a trap door in the floor. She bent over and gave the door a good yank, the light from the kitchen momentarily blinding the occupants within its dark depths. “It is all right to come up now. The coast is clear.”
Toddy came up the ladder first, followed by Winifred. “Thank you, Lady Harriet, for helping us. We are indebted to you.”
“You should have seen the guard’s face when I told him I was going to put him to work if he bothered us again.” Harriet chuckled and then her face turned serious. “We have to get you out of those gowns and into something more appropriate. Lorelei, come here a moment, please.” 
A young lady came over to Harriet. “What do you want, Lady Harriet?”
“Go to the workers’ closet and bring me back two sets of clothing and some winter wraps. If anyone asks what you need the clothes for, tell them that two of the staff had an accident and soiled their clothes with food. Go, and please hurry.” Harriet turned to Winifred and Toddy. “We must make you look like you have been here right along. I do not believe the guard will say anything for fear of a severe reprimand.  However, we can not be too cautious.”
“Lady Harriet, have you heard anything from outside the castle? Do you know if Octavius and his family have been captured?” Winifred’s brow was furrowed with deep concern.
“No, I have not heard much, only passing conversations from the guards. I know that all of the exits are well guarded as I stuck my head out the corridor’s outer door and met with two swords pointing at me. I dare say that it would be impossible for the two of you to leave. The best we can do is make you blend in as kitchen help.” Harriet looked up to see Lorelei coming towards them with an armful of clothes. “Oh thank you, my dear.  You did not run into any trouble, did you?”
“A little, but it was nothing that a low bodice and a wink could not take care of…”
All four of the ladies laughed heartily. It seemed to ease some of the tension. Winifred and Toddy entered a small room that Harriet showed them and changed into the work garments that were given them. They stuffed their ball gowns into a bin and emerged into the kitchen, ready for duty.
Harriet approached them with a smile. “I understand from King Octavius that you are an excellent baker as well as a cook, so if you do not mind you can help over in the baking area. Toddy, I understand that you are a monger by trade. I shall put you in charge of filleting all of the fish and cooking it. That is Rita over there; she has fallen behind and can use your help.”
Winifred looked at Toddy and smiled. “It looks like we hopped out of the frying pan into the kitchen. I believe that is a step in the right direction.” 
Toddy and Gertrude hugged each other and went to their assigned area, each thankful to be somewhat safe for the moment.

*

The next morning dawned and brought new challenges for Lord Mellem up in the castle. Queen Clivia had been set free from the dungeons along with the other captives and had made her way up to the grand hall only to become a prisoner once again. She was wailing and screaming, throwing a fit that only Clivia could conceive. 
Mellem personally took her to her room with a sword sticking in her ribs. All of the royals were locked in their rooms with three armed guards at the doors. The loyal guards were stripped of any weapons and locked in a large room not too far from the armory. Mellem had control over the whole castle. No one could leave or enter the castle without his knowledge or consent.
Lord Mellem was sitting in the great hall, looking rather miserable. A guard came in escorting Prince Edwin. “Good morning Mellem, you look rather happy this morning.” Prince Edwin slid into a chair and poured himself some tea.
“I do not have any good news for you, Edwin. We have not been able to locate Octavius and his family.” Mellem studied the prince’s face for a reaction.
Edwin took a sip of his tea and set the cup down. “Have you heard from the other kingdoms? Do we have control?”
“Yes, yes, of course; everything went as planned in those kingdoms. There was a brief skirmish in Wellscot, but our men overwhelmed them. We have control for the moment; however we do not know where Octavius is.”
“Did you find the secret passageway that they used to escape?” Edwin took another sip of tea and picked up a pastry from a nearby tray.
“No, I had the whole castle checked. We know that they were headed towards the dungeons when a guard last saw them and then they disappeared.”
“Do you know that these little jelly tarts are my father’s favorite treat? It is a pity that he will not live much longer. Oh, and poor mumsy-wumsy is beside herself. All she can think of is that Princess Norman did not choose me to be her mate. Boo-hoo… little does she know that Norman shall be my bride and bear my progeny.” A smug smile erupted from his handsome yet vile face. “I will give her no choice. We shall find them and she will marry me or I will have her parents killed. After she marries me, I shall have them killed anyway.” Edwin curled his upper lip and snickered sinisterly. He paused for a moment. “I want you to have some men check out the dungeon area. The passageway must be down in that area. Also, I want you to send soldiers down into the troll village and check every house for the royal family. If anyone gives them any trouble, tell them to dispose of the vermin. I am going upstairs to my room. Inform me when you find the royal family. Oh, and by the way, I did not forget about your coffin, but you have done a fairly good job for me, so I decided to give you another chance.” Edwin stood up and walked out of the room.
“Guards! Guards!” Mellem watched as two guards came running into the room. “Tell the commander of the guards that I want a search party sent down to the troll village. I also need ten men to go with me down to the dungeon area.” The two guards returned moments later with eight fellow guards. Mellem led the way out of the room down the corridors and stairways to the dungeon area. They searched in every room for a sign of a secret passage. Finally they came to a small room next to the dungeons themselves, but found the door to be immovable.
“This must be the room where the passageway is located. Break through the door!” Mellem stepped back as the guards took axes to the door. He watched as the wood splintered under the onslaught. Soon the wood door was a pile of debris on the floor. 
“Ah-ha! Just as I suspected… Clear that furniture away.” Mellem stepped back as the guards broke down the barricade. He entered and walked around the room and looked at the floor for scrape marks, but could not find any. He pulled on the torch to see if it was some sort of lever but, again, found nothing. “I know that the entrance must be here somewhere. I want two guards placed here at all times.” Mellem was walking back through the corridors when he bumped, literally, into an old acquaintance...Smirch. “You blithering idiot, why don’t you watch where you are going!”  Mellem and Smirch stared at each other momentarily.
Lemerich, my Lord, I did not see you for the wall was in the way.” Smirch smiled lamely.
“What an unpleasant surprise!  We thought you had fallen to your death in the tunnels. It’s a shame that it’s not true…”
“No, I did not fall into a crevasse in the tunnels. King Octavius put me in the dungeons. He caught my nephew and me coming out of the tunnel system. He locked me up, but I do not know of Twiggs.” Smirch caught a deadly gleam in Lemerich’s eye and moved further away from him.
“No, they did not lock Twiggs up. He came back and was working with your worthless counterpart Toggart. Why I agreed to help you green slimy things regain your positions as ‘High Dum-Dum’ or whatever it is called, is beyond me. You are worthless to me. Guards, kill this lump of green and toss his ugly carcass in the garbage dump!”
Smirch’s face skewed up in a look of absolute horror. He backed away from Lemerich and turned to run, but he was not quick enough.  A sword’s edge caught him in the top of his shoulder and buried itself in his chest. Smirch fell without a word.
“Good riddance! One less headache!  Take the garbage out, guards!” Mellem looked at one of the guards. “Catch a horse and ride to my residence and have the troll, Twiggs, brought to me. You guard, I want you to go to the kingdom of Wellscot. When you get there, get another guard to help you and bring me the parents of this troll, Twiggs. I will teach these worthless, slimy creatures not to betray me...”. A lurid smile crossed Mellem’s face.
Just around the corner, a maid had witnessed Smirch’s demise and had listened to the orders given by Mellem. It took all of her strength not to scream at the sight she had witnessed. She ran back to the kitchen, sobbing hysterically as she entered. Harriet rushed to her side. “My dear, my dear, what is wrong? Please calm yourself. Please tell me what is wrong.”
The young girl was beside herself and was so upset that she started retching. “I  ...I…I wa...s going d...own the the hall to g…get some roots from the outer cellar when I…I.”
“Please calm yourself, child so that we can understand you. Miriam, please bring a glass of wine to help calm the child. What happened, my child? Please take your time.”
Miriam handed the girl a glass filled to the top with port. She drank the whole thing down. “I saw a troll killed. Then the guards were told to take his body out to the garbage dump.”
Winifred heard the commotion and had come to join the small group sitting around the girl. “Excuse me, but did I hear you right that they killed him? Did you happen to catch the troll’s name?”
“I believe that his name was ‘Smirch’. But I have a feeling he is going to kill some more. He mentioned the name ‘Twiggs’ and talked about bringing Twiggs’ family here from the kingdom of Wellscot.”
“Did you happen to catch the name of the one who was giving the orders?” Winifred queried.
“It was odd, but I distinctly heard the troll call the man ‘Lemerich’.  However, it was Lord Mellem he was talking to.”
“Oh Harriet, we must get this news to Gertrude somehow. We must leave the castle and, please, I beseech you to help us.” Winifred’s face told her secret fears and brought her pity.
“Yes, I will help you. However the plan I have for your escape will be smelly and very unpleasant.” Harriet smiled. “I think it will work, though. Come, we must do it now, so that this ‘Twiggs’ has a chance to get away. Follow me.” Harriet led Winifred and Toddy to the garbage bins. A most horrendous odor was seeping from the bins.  “ I wish I could provide a better means of getting out of the castle, but I think this will work. You shall be carried out in here. Margaret, go get the wax treated gunny sacks we use for the meal and empty them.” Harriet looked at Winifred and Toddy. “The sacks will keep you fairly dry and free of the refuse.”
Winifred smiled and looked at Toddy. “We came in style to the castle and we will be leaving in style.” Toddy didn’t look too sure about the plan, but she nodded her head in agreement. The sacks showed up and Winifred and Toddy climbed into them.
“I will have to tie the tops of the bags closed so that you and the garbage do not become one.” Harriet handed each of them a small, sharp knife. “Put these at your feet so that they will not cut you when the bins are dumped. You will be able to cut your way out of the bags when you land.”
Winifred looked at Harriet and reached out and hugged her. “Thank you for helping us.” Tears welled up in Winifred’s eyes. 
“You are most welcome, my friend. Now nestle yourselves all comfy cozy down inside the sacks.” Harriet watched as Winifred and Toddy did as she had bid. Harriet tied up Winifred’s bag and then Toddy’s bag. She wished them luck. “The smell inside the bins will be very unpleasant, but you must be still and quiet just in case the guards check the bins. All right, ladies, let’s take out the bins.” They hoisted both ladies up and dropped them as smoothly as possible into their own separate bins. They then put the lids down on the bins. 
Winifred could not talk. She was trying desperately not to lose the contents of her stomach. She started feeling a swaying motion and surmised that they were moving. She heard the creaking of a door and then some muffled voices then heard what sounded like one of the lids opening. The lid slammed shut with a noise that made Winifred’s ears split in pain. 
They were by the guard as the swaying motion began again. There was a short pause as if they had stopped. Suddenly Winifred and Toddy found themselves tumbling down a slope into the dump. Winifred stopped rolling with a soft thud. She found her knife and cut a slit in the sack and stuck her head out. The light of the morning temporarily blinded her. When she regained her sight, she looked for Toddy. The younger troll was emerging from her sack with knife in hand. She had rolled several feet lower into the dump. Winifred hoisted her legs to wade through the fresh garbage to Toddy’s side. “Whew. Toddy, you need to take a bath.!” 
Toddy smiled at Winifred. “I believe that if it were summer, we would not have to look for flies because they would surely be flying around you.” Both ladies laughed out loud.
Winifred smiled at Toddy. “Come, we must make the rest of our escape. Pick up a piece of refuse. If anyone stops us when we leave, we will tell them we were looking for food.” No one stopped them. They walked straight to Winifred’s hovel, walked in and closed the door.
“Hello, ladies. I have been waiting for you.”
Winifred’s face turned pale green as if she had seen a ghost. “What brings you to my hovel without an invitation, Gafton?” Winifred knew that his real name was ‘Riley’. “What do you want of me?”
“Oh, I do not want you, my fair lady.  It is Lord Mellem that wants you. He sent me here to take you up to the castle. It seems that your son, Gertrude, has hidden the royal family. Lord Mellem feels that you will be a good hostage to take to trade for the royal family.” Riley held his fingers to his nose. “My goodness, ladies, don’t you believe in bathing?”
“You will not take us to the castle. I refuse to go!” Toddy sat down in one of the chairs and crossed her arms in defiance. 
Riley pulled out a dagger and walked over to Toddy, wielding the weapon in a menacing fashion. He made the mistake of turning his back on Winifred. A look of utter surprise entered his eyes, and he fell to the floor with a loud ‘thud!’. The knife that Winifred was given to cut her way through the sack was stuck up under Riley’s ribs.
Toddy gasped. “Remind me never to make you angry, Winifred.”
“I hope Kern forgives me for what I have just done, but I felt that it was necessary under the circumstances. He was not an honorable troll, so he died without honor. Help me get his body out the door and we will dump it in the river.”

*

Earlier that morning at Bertha’s house a pounding on the door and screams from other trolls woke Gertrude and the others up. Gertrude awoke with a start and opened the door with his sword at the ready. He found one of his friends, Tabor, standing in front of him. “What is wrong, my friend?”
“Gertrude, it is you! The king’s guards are looking for you and the royal family, and they are searching every hovel. They are burning everything in their wake. Hurry, you must leave now!” Tabor took off at a run. 
Gertrude turned to find the others throwing off their blankets and coming to the door. “No, we can not leave by the door. We must leave by the tunnel system. Trust me! Bertha, do you have your husband’s sword handy?”
“Why, yes, of course.” She went over to a small panel hidden in the wall and pushed it open to reveal a large sword. She brought it out and handed it to Octavius.
Gertrude urged them down the ladder. He watched as they all hurried back into the tunnel. He followed, bringing the heavy trap door down over the opening. It was none too soon as he heard voices close by.
One by one, they entered the tunnel system once more. This time Bertha had brought a lantern which cast more light in the gloom of the tunnel. They walked quickly and soon found themselves at the junction that they had missed the previous night. They took off in that direction not really knowing where it would lead. The dampness and the cold of the tunnels once again made itself known to the weary escapees. Gertrude was in the lead since he knew the tunnel system better than the others. King Octavius followed close behind, and then came Bertha with the lantern, then the other two ladies.
“Gertrude, could we please stop for a moment so that I may catch my breath and rest my achy body?” Bertha implored.
“Of course, we are relatively safe for the time being. They will not expect us to be using the tunnel system.”
“How much further do you think we have to go before we can emerge from the tunnel system?” Octavius looked rather apprehensive.
“I really cannot say.” Gertrude put a finger to his lips. Voices could be heard. He had Bertha extinguish the lantern’s light. In the darkness, a faint glow appeared down the tunnel and then it vanished as quickly as it appeared.
“We will turn where they turned and follow them. Bertha, please relight the lantern. We must not tarry any longer.” Gertrude led the way once again and they found the connecting tunnel where the light had disappeared. Gertrude noticed that the tunnel seemed to be on an incline as if it were leading them upward. After walking for some time, Gertrude stopped. “Octavius, do you feel fresh air upon your face?”
Octavius stood motionless for a brief moment. “I believe you are correct, Gertrude. I also hear voices, but what they are saying is not discernable.” 
Gertrude listened for the voices. “Yes, I hear the voices also. Let’s continue.”
It wasn’t long before they saw daylight up ahead. They proceeded cautiously to the opening and listened. There was not a sound to be heard. They slowly edged out into the open air. Numerous footprints dotted the snow... footprints of trolls.  Gertrude gazed around. They had indeed traveled upward and were up on the cliffs overlooking the castle.
Bertha started crying when she saw the village ablaze. The soldiers had been very thorough. There was not one structure that was not torched. “Oh, Gertrude, what are we going to do?” She lamented through her tears.
“We must find the rest of our fellow villagers, for there is strength in numbers. Our first priority is to find shelter, and our next is to find food.” Gertrude turned and followed the footprints to the summit of the steep mount above the cliffs. An amazing sight came to his eyes and the eyes of the others. There below them was a large old building made from huge logs. It was well hidden by the surrounding hills and the pine forest. The whole structure was encircled by a palisade of rock and wood. 
“This is extraordinary!”  Gertrude exclaimed.
Bertha looked at the others incredulously. “Gertrude, do you not know where you are?” Bertha sensed his lack of knowledge. “Do you not remember your mother telling you the story of the Secret Valley. Look at what you see in front of us. Does it not bring the story to be more than a story?”
The Grand Frog Troll looked down upon the structure and the amazing landscape. His face showed a hint of recognition as his eyes landed upon a cascade across the bowl-shaped valley. “Yes I do remember the story, and it is peculiar how similar this spot is.”
“It is not similar, Gertrude, it is the Secret Valley. I am sure that when we get down there we shall find all that we need.” Bertha smiled through tear-filled eyes. “If you will recollect in the story, this structure was built by our ancestors as a safe haven. They then prayed to Kern to keep it hidden from those that seek to do us harm. I am sure this is it.”
“Well, we will not find out what this structure is until we go down and investigate.” Octavius looked at Emmaline and Norman. “We are all tired from the day’s arduous events and a chance to get warm and rest would be most welcomed.”
The small group headed down into the valley on a trail that led them underneath groves of stately pine. The walk down was less difficult and everyone’s spirits seemed to be buoyed by the anticipation of food and rest. They had been walking for about an hour when the canopy of pine boughs opened up to reveal the massive structure.
Emmaline let out an audible gasp at the size of the building looming in front of them.” I believe that this is as large as the castle of Glennmorley. It is mammoth!” The others just nodded in agreement for they were all equally shocked by its size. They walked around an outcropping of rocks to find a doorway set in a framework of carved stone. There, above the door, was an inscription.
Gertrude looked at the lettering. “It must be written in ‘Old Troll’. Can you read it, Bertha?” Gertrude looked back over his shoulder at her.
“Yes…I can read it…It says: ‘Welcome all who are in need of protection and a safe haven. Those with only good in their heart shall be allowed to enter.’ Gertrude, this is the Hidden Valley.” Bertha was awed by the whole happening.
“I believe you are right, for I remember my mother telling me about the magic doorway and that it is protected by all the past believers in Kern.” Gertrude walked up to the door and turned the handle. The door opened with ease as if it were used all of the time. Gertrude passed through the door, followed by the others. 
Octavius closed the doorway behind them and marveled at the building before him. “This structure is beyond comprehension! I have never seen anything like it.” Octavius looked up at the wooden fortress. The walls were intricately carved with figures and animals. A large door stood in the very center of the structure, carved with figures of trolls showing feats of valor.
Once again the doors opened with ease and their senses were overwhelmed by a feeling of well-being. Gertrude closed the doors behind them. “I smell food cooking. This way…”  He led the group towards an area in back of the room they had entered. A table laden with hot foods was set for them. Some other trolls that Gertrude and Bertha recognized as being from Awll were already feasting on the banquet before them.
Two old trolls entered the room carrying more food. They walked over to the table and sat down with the others. One of the trolls motioned to them. “Please come and join us and tell us about your troubles.” Gertrude, Octavius, Bertha, Emmaline and Norman walked over to the table and sat down.
Gertrude looked at the elderly male troll. He looked older than any troll he had ever met. He had more wrinkles upon his face than a puddle of water disturbed by a pebble falling into it. The lady troll was similar in her facial features yet her eyes radiated with a warmth that made him feel as if he had known her for all of his life. ‘Odd’, Gertrude thought. “I am a guest in your house…”
“Oh no; this is not our house; this is our Master’s house. We just do his bidding. I am Amor and this is my husband, Laude. Our Master opens his door to all good people who need refuge from their enemies.”
“What do you call this place, Amor?” Bertha did not hesitate to pick up a chicken leg and take a bite.
Amor smiled and turned to her husband. “We call it ‘home’… there is no other name for it. It is a place in your heart that you, alone, can feel. It is a place of love, honor and respect.” All heads turned as more weary trolls entered the room.
“Welcome, welcome, please come and join us for a meal.” Laude walked over to the group and guided them over to the table. “Please, please sit down and rest and forget your troubles for a moment.” Just as Laude was about to sit down again, four more trolls appeared in the doorway. Gertrude pushed himself away from the table and walked up to the first. With tears in his eyes, he hugged his mother. 
“Thank goodness we found you! We must hurry to help Twiggs! We found out that Lord Mellem and Lemerich are one and the same. Mellem had Smirch killed and now they are going to kill Twiggs and his family.” Winifred started to cry.
  “We will try to save him and his family.” Gertrude’s somber look changed to a smile when he saw Toddy. He looked at her and uttered three soundless words that only Toddy’s heart heard. Next to her was their other neighbor, Sarah, and her son, Hiram.
“Come and sit down before the food becomes cold.” Laud ushered the four to the table. “Please help yourselves to the food, good people.”
Winifred sat down on the other side of the table across from Gertrude and next to Amor. “You both are so kind to give us food.  Thank you so much.”
  Gertrude looked at Laude. “Please forgive me for being so forward. My Mother just informed me that some friends of ours are in imminent danger and we must try and help them. They will be killed if we do nothing.”
  Laud turned his head towards Amor. “My dear is it possible to have one of our couriers sent to intercept these dastardly naves to aid these poor people?”
  Amor smiled. “I will see to it at once.” Amor excused herself and walked through the nearest door. Almost in a blink of an eye she reappeared with a smile on her face. “Our Master knows of the problem and tells me that the young troll Twiggs and his family will be protected from any harm.”
  A questioning look came over Octavius’ face. “My good man; how did you know of Twiggs and his Family? I do not recall anyone mentioning his name here at the table.”
 “Our master has many eyes and many ears in all of the kingdoms.” Laud smiled.
  Emmaline nudged her husband. “Octavius; I do not believe this is the proper time to question our most gracious hosts about how they know of Twiggs plight.
  Octavius blushed. “Please forgive me for being so rude.” 
 Gertrude interrupted. “Mother, how did you escape from the castle?” Gertrude picked up a large wedge of berry pie and put it on his plate.
“You might say we were literally thrown out with the garbage. During the ruckus in the ballroom, I grabbed Toddy and we hid under the platform. We remained there for a few hours and then made our way by some sleeping guards and down to the kitchen, where we were hidden by Harriet. She then devised the plan to get us out of the castle by having us go out in the garbage bins. It worked. Then we had a run-in with Riley, the pretender. He was waiting for us at our hovel. He tried to take us prisoner but he had an unfortunate accident. I only hope Kern can forgive me for what I did. We then found our way to the tunnels. We happened to see a light ahead of us and followed it.” 
Amor smiled and looked at King Octavius. “And what brings the king of Glennmorley and his family here?”
Octavius almost choked on a piece of mutton. “My good woman, how do you know who I am?”
You are wearing the royal crest of your kingdom and I have never seen two peasant ladies dressed in gowns like the ones your wife and daughter are wearing.” Amor smiled and chuckled. Octavius blushed which gave everyone a good belly laugh.
Soon there were more weary trolls arriving and each, in turn, was welcomed inside. To the amazement of all, there seemed to be plenty of seats available and more than enough food. In a little while the great room was filled with the displaced residents of Awll. Each had stories of how they had woodland creatures beckoning them to follow, or they heard a voice in their heads telling them where to go. No matter...they had arrived safely.
Laude stood up after a while and addressed the crowd. “There are plenty of rooms for you to rest in down the far hall and the one over on this side.” Laude pointed with his hand. “I am sure you will find whatever you might need. If by chance something has been overlooked, please ask my lovely wife, Amor, or me and we will gladly help you. Thank you.”
Gertrude then stood up. “I would like to thank our most wonderful hosts for their generosity and their most gracious hospitality. Please join me in a toast.” Gertrude and the rest of the gathering raised their glasses in the air.  “May we praise Kern for sending us here to the open arms of these generous folks. May Kern bless them and always keep their hearts near his.” Gertrude turned to their hosts.  “To your health and happiness…” There was a brief pause and then everyone stood up and applauded. Gertrude remained standing and waited ‘til everyone was sitting once again. “We have lost our beloved village, however, we have not lost the will to defend the land that it sat upon. We must raise an army and rid our good land of the evil that seeks to destroy it. I need four volunteers to go to the other kingdoms to ask them for their help.”
All of the trolls stood, even the women. A cheer broke out and they started singing the ‘Troll Honor Song’. After three verses, they cheered. Slowly the cheering subsided and four trolls approached. It was Aaron of the Alders and his sons Zak, Moah, and Waxon. The oldest troll spoke for them. “Gertrude, my sons and I would like to volunteer to go for aid. We have three horses that we managed to save and one of us can go on foot.”  Gertrude looked at the sons.  He knew them well for he had grown up with them. They were stubborn trolls.  They got it from their Father’s side of the family.
“Thank you.  I accept your offer. When you reach your destinations, see if there is a leader among the human village that is well-respected and ask for their aid as well. Tell them that I have sent you. My father brought honor to our name. We need the armies by sunrise, the day after tomorrow. Tell them to wait behind the hills that surround Glennmorley. We will signal them with the Horns of Kern to come to the summits before battle.”
The four turned and left quickly.  They had forgotten to ask for swords and shields before they left. As they walked through the door, they found swords and shields waiting for them. They were off to their destinations.
Gertrude smiled broadly. “We have many preparations ahead of us tomorrow. Let us help our guests clean up the banquet and then retire to our rooms.”
“There is no need for you to help.” Laude smiled kindly. “Our staff will have it cleaned in no time at all. Please, you need your rest. The royal family needs theirs, too.”
Gertrude looked at all of the dirty dishes and the food that had to be put away. He smiled and shrugged his shoulders, then followed the crowds of trolls through the hallways, looking to find a room. He felt down at his waist. Where was his sword? Gertrude walked back to the huge room to find it empty except for one table with two chairs. ‘I must have drunk that wine too quick.’ He spotted his sword leaning against the table. Retrieving it, he walked back down the hallway.
Octavius met him in the hall. “Gertrude, do things seem a little strange around here, or am I imagining things?”
“What do you mean, Octavius?” Gertrude looked at him questioningly.
“Go into your room and see for yourself.” Gertrude opened the door to his room to reveal a bed similar to his own at home and there was a fresh change of clothing and some winter wear hanging from a peg on the wall. “I do not see anything strange.  Why?”
Octavius shook his head and knocked on the door opposite his. He opened it after he heard Emmaline give the ‘all clear’. “Gertrude, look in here and tell me what you see.” Gertrude walked into the room to find a large bed with a mattress stuffed with down. There was a set of clothing for Octavius to change into along with some winter wear. Emmaline walked into the room with her gown in one arm and she was wearing a dress similar to the ones she wore at home and it was in her favorite color. He looked at Octavius and shrugged his shoulders. “I cannot explain it, other than we have a host that seems to know our every need.”
“I think this will be one of those stories that I will be telling my grandchildren.” Octavius smiled and bid Gertrude a good eve.
Gertrude walked into his room and was about to close the door when Toddy walked through the door.  “I hope you don’t mind. I need to talk to you. Please close the door so no one can listen if they pass by.”  Gertrude closed the door, and turned around to find Toddy crying. “What is wrong? Did I do something to offend you?”
“No, you did nothing wrong…I’m just worried about what might happen the day after tomorrow.  If something happens to you, I don’t know what I will do. “Gertrude walked over to her and put his arms around her and planted a kiss on her cheek.
Toddy looked up at him and smiled. “Thank you, Gertrude. I feel better now.” She walked over to the door and opened it, turned and blew him a kiss. Gertrude smiled, got ready for bed and turned down the lamp, falling into a deep, peaceful sleep.

Chapter Fifteen

The following day brought forth the full impact of the devastation the guards had sowed upon Awll. Only a few buildings were left standing. The once grand market place was a large heap of smoldering ashes and embers. Stray dogs and cats prowled around the empty streets, looking for their owners. 
The lone figure of a troll stood at the river’s edge, standing a short distance from the only hovel in the whole town left standing. She had surmised that it was the tall pines around it that had shielded it from the guards’ view, and had saved the structure from being raised. Tears fell freely from her eyes, for the loss of her home was overwhelming. She stooped next to the river and filled a bucket with water. Her mind wandered, wondering where all of her friends and family had fled. Were they safe? Would they return? She dropped the bucket as the thought crossed her mind that they might have all perished. She sobbed as her frame shook with despair and suddenly stiffened as she felt an arm come across her shoulders. “Oh, Grumps, you startled me! What are you doing out here in your pajamas?”
“I’m hungry, daughter. Are you going to make me some berry cakes for my breakfast?” 
A darting orange ball of fur caught the corner of Dory’s eye. Agabus shot over to Grumps and jumped up on his shoulder. Agabus purred loudly, oblivious of the devastation around him. Dory picked up the bucket and refilled it and grabbed Grumps by the hand. Together the three of them entered the warmth of the hovel.
Grumps sat down at the table, an empty plate in front of him. “Those berry cakes were real good, very light on my stomach, but I’m still hungry. Maybe we could have some borage porridge.  That always seems to fill me up.”
Dory poured a mug of blog for each of them, and placed a dish of fried eggs and bacon down in front of Grumps, retrieving the empty one to fill for herself. “You had better start eating the eggs that you wanted before the cat eats them. “Dory smiled at Grumps. Her mind wandered back to the ball and what a wonderful time she had been having until…. her eyes had seen too much that night. Two guards loyal to Octavius fought valiantly, but finally succumbed to the onslaught of swords. She dabbed her eyes with her apron and put a bite of food in her mouth. She could not taste it because of all the bad things going through her mind. 
Dory took a sip of her blog and watched Grumps eat the eggs and bacon. Their escape from the castle had been difficult. A man had helped them, and she feared that it had cost him his life. She hoped not. He seemed concerned about their safety, saying that the princess would be pleased to know that he had aided two of her friends. 
Once they were out of the castle, no one seemed to pay any attention. It had been a long cold walk, but they had made it to her place. She recalled how startled she had been when the pounding on her door woke her up. Gillion had come to warn her of the soldiers coming. He was bleeding badly from a wound on his head. She remembered the look of terror that was etched on his old face. Grumps would not cooperate with her, so they had to hide in the outside larder. She used some rope to put around some sacks of grain and tied it quickly to the handle inside. She was sure that was the only thing that had saved them. 
Dory sobbed, she could not stop crying. She did not hear the door open. A hand came to rest on each of her shoulders. Without much thought, she reached up and put her hands on theirs. “Oh,Grumps, what are we going to do?” She opened her eyes and realized that it was not Grumps. Dory sprang from her chair as though struck by a bolt of lightning.
“Oh Dory, I am sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.” Winifred smiled broadly and opened her arms to give her friend a hug.
Dory rushed into Winifred’s arms, sobbing and shaking. “I thought you were dead!” She was crying a river of tears, some from the stress of the past couple of days, but more from the joy that was now starting to bubble up in her heart.
Gertrude came into the hovel and smiled wanly. “Not much left, is there? They did a good job. I am surprised that our hovel is left standing.”
“Is there more bacon?  The cat just ate my last piece.” Grumps looked up and saw Gertrude standing behind Winifred. “Sebastian, are you just going to stand there and let them do this to us?”
Gertrude looked at his grandfather incredulously. “What do you mean, Grandfather?”
“Are you going to let them get away without cooking more bacon? I’m still hungry.” Grumps held up his plate and handed it over to Winifred.
Winifred laughed and went to the stove to retrieve bacon from the pan. “When did you make it back to the village, Dory?” 
“The night of the ball.  A young, handsome man saved us. Funny, after we were out of the castle, no one bothered with us. We came down to the village before they attacked. We hid in the outside larder. They tried to gain entry, but I had made the door too heavy to open. And where have you all been?”  
Winifred replied, “We came down from the cliffs overlooking the village. We found a tunnel that leads upward to the cliffs. Beyond the mount, we all found safety in a hidden fortress. As far as we know, there were no deaths or injuries. Do you know what happened to Anna, Phoebe and the others at the ball?
Dory shrugged her shoulders. “I was so busy trying to get Grumps going and finding a way out of the castle that I did not notice anyone else’s escape.” 
Gertrude looked at both of them. “This place is no longer safe. I am sure someone spotted us coming in to the village. We must leave as soon as possible. There is no need to bring food, only extra clothing.”
“Do you think they would mind if we brought Agabus up to the fortress? He would be good company for Grumps.” Winifred looked at her father and the live fur neckpiece that he was wearing.
“I do not think Amor and Laude would mind at all. Hurry, we must leave! We will enter the tunnel system up in the glen. I believe we will find the tunnel upward in there.”
Soon they were off and, after an arduous walk through some deep snow, they found the entrance to the tunnel, but they also found something that they hadn’t planned on...guards - there were two guards standing at the entrance to the tunnel system. 
Gertrude had been in the lead and came to a sudden halt. Fortunately, the pines afforded concealment. “We cannot go this way.  The tunnel entrance has guards.”
Winifred smiled.  Why don’t we go back down into town and go through the tunnel you escaped through?”
“There is debris from the fire covering the entrance. It would take too long to clear it and I am sure someone would see us. We will turn around and follow the river’s path to the other side of the cliffs.  We have no other choice.”
“Do you think your grandfather will be able to do the hike up the trail?” Dory looked up at the cliff in front of them.
“He is in good physical health.  It is his mind that goes on holidays frequently. Come! We must not tarry here any longer.” Gertrude turned toward the river and the others followed in his footsteps. Once again the walk was hard. It took them a long time to come to the path going down the side of the river. The journey got a little easier as the snow was not as deep under the pines at the river’s edge.
“Gertrude, I must stop for a moment as my feet and body are telling me a long story about the two trolls named ‘Ouch’ and ‘Ache’. I do not like the story so I must rest to make them quiet.” Dory brushed off the top of a river rock and sat down with a sigh of relief.
“I am sorry, Dory, I forget that older trolls need to rest more often.” Gertrude stood, his gaze wandering across the river. “Everyone down!” Gertrude yanked poor Dory from her place of rest. “Soldiers are across the river. We do not need them to see us. I am hoping we do not run into any on this side. I am sure Lemerich has guards out looking for the royal family.” Gertrude peeked from around the boulder to the other bank. The soldiers were still standing there, discussing something. He saw one soldier point towards their spot. Gertrude did not like what he saw. “I think they spotted us, but it will be a long time before they can get over here. All we can do is hope that they are the only group.”
Grumps stood up and started walking in the direction from which they had just come. “I’m tired of this walk. I’m going home.”
Winifred moved quickly and pulled him in the opposite direction. “Father, home is this way, and I will make you some berry-buggy cookies when we get there.”
“Berry-buggy cookies? Florah, you haven’t baked me those cookies in years! Are you sure you remember how to bake them?”
“Yes, Father, I remember how to bake them.” Winifred smiled and shook her head.
They walked a half hour more to where the river disappeared between steep cliffs, their journey leading them uphill, to the summit of the cliffs.  Two hours later even Gertrude’s young body was telling the story about ‘Ache’ and ‘Pain’. They had reached the top of the cliffs. “The journey will be easier now. We only have a short distance to go until we reach the fortress.”
“I am so looking forward to a nice steaming mug of hot blog.” Winifred sighed. “These bones of mine are frozen through and through.”
“A mug of blog does sound good, but I think I would like a little boo-boo juice in mine to make ‘Ache’ and ‘Pain’ quiet again.” 
Grumps was the first to see the opening in the pines that held the path to the fortress. He smiled, walked a little quicker and was in the lead when they heard a voice behind them. They were about a hundred feet from the path.
“Halt! In the name of King Edwin, I command you to stop!”
“Run!” Gertrude watched as the other three sped forward. He drew his sword and quickly glanced back. The soldiers were gaining on them. Gertrude ran as quickly as the deep snow would allow and caught up to Grumps. “Come on, Grumps, somebody is going to eat all of your cookies if we don’t hurry.”
Gertrude glanced out of the corner of his eye and realized that the soldiers had closed the gap between them to only twenty feet. “Hurry, Grumps, hurry!” Suddenly an orange piece of fur jumped out of Grumps’ jacket and started running towards the guards. Gertrude made a grab for Agabus, but he was too slow. He heard the guards scream and what seemed like the roar of a lion. He kept running. A cloud of mist had almost hidden the pathway from view. Just as they reached the path in the pines, the mist behind them became impenetrable to the human eye.  Gertrude urged the others forward and to be quiet. He listened to the soldiers as they searched the outskirts of the forest for the path that they had undoubtedly seen.
“Did we lose them, Gertrude?” Winifred was out of breath and stopped in the pathway. She looked up the path behind them with a hopeful look then gasped as Agabus ran towards them. “Where have you been?”
Gertrude let go of Grumps’ arm. He glanced back, anticipating a soldier running at them. None came. A sigh of relief exploded from his lungs. “That mist is very heavy, but it was not heavy once we were inside the tree line. It is odd that they did not find the path and follow us.” Gertrude looked up as a motion high in the trees caught his eye. Above them, on an exposed, dead branch was a kestrel.
Dory looked up at the large bird. “Gertrude, do you remember the story of the kestrel and how he is suppose to be a guardian sent by Kern?”
“They are great fliers and they are swift.  That is why Kern used them as guardians. Yes, I remember the story.” He watched as the bird spread its wings and took off in the direction of the fortress.
“I am looking forward to sitting in a nice comfortable chair when I get to the safe haven.” Winifred was still trying to catch her breath.
“Don’t’ forget the steaming hot cup of blog…” Dory added.
“Night is coming and surely the cold will find us even if the soldiers didn’t.” Gertrude still could not believe that they had lost the soldiers. Was that really a lion he had heard? He led the others onward until they reached the doorway of the fortress. 
As soon as they were in the house, Amor and Laude greeted them at the door and took their coats and hats. They were both smiling. “Please follow us.” When they entered the hall where they had their meal the night before, there were mugs of blog already poured for each of them. In the center of the table upon an ornate silver tray was a fresh batch of berry-buggy cookies. Everyone was amazed...and glad to sit down and rest.
Dory was the first to sit down and have a drink of blog. She had a surprised expression on her face as she sipped the blog once more. “Mine has boo-boo juice in it.” She looked over towards Amor and Laude. “How did you know that I had requested such a drink?”
Amor smiled.  “A big bird brought us word. If you will please excuse us, we still have some work to do. Please sit down and relax. Tomorrow is going to be a very difficult day. If you should need anything, please do not hesitate to ask for it.”
“Thank you for your most generous hospitality. We are very grateful for it.” Winifred looked at Amor and Laude. “You are very special trolls and wonderful, gracious hosts.”
“You are most welcome.” Laude said. They both turned and walked toward the other room, talking with each other.
Gertrude had just put a cookie in his mouth when Aaron and his three sons appeared in the doorway. “We have good news, Gertrude.  All of the villages have agreed to fight along with us, even the humans of the other kingdoms. They asked me how we were going to identify the good from the bad. I told them to wear a red scarf visible to all. That will be our color of honor.  We told them to be at the back side of the hills by dawn and then we would sound the Horns of Kern when to advance to the summits. All of the Grand Trolls have given their allegiance to you. “
“Why was it so easy in the human villages to get them to join in on the attack?” Gertrude looked over at Aaron.
“The humans I talked to said that soldiers had come down from the castles and looted the villages. They acted without honor and defiled their women. There is much anger in their hearts. They were angry with their kings for letting this happen. I explained to them that it was not their kings who had approved of this but some human named ‘Lemerich’.”
Winifred covered her mouth. “Oh, my! I am sorry, Gertrude. I forgot to tell you…”
“Tell me what, Mother?” Gertrude furrowed his brows.
“Lemerich and Lord Mellem are one and the same. When Toddy and I were hiding under the platform, we heard Lord Mellem talking to Toggart.” 
Octavius had just come to the table with Emmaline and Norman and caught a bit of what Winifred had said. “My dear lady, would you please repeat what you just said, for I fear my ears are playing tricks on me.”
“I am sorry, Octavius, but it is true. Lemerich and Lord Mellem are the same.” Winifred’s eyes fixed on the king’s reaction.
Octavius looked as if he had been stabbed in the heart. In a low voice, he uttered, “I have lost part of myself on this day, for I have lost a friend.” He looked over and saw Aaron and his sons. “Do we have good news?”
Gertrude replied, “Yes, we have good news. Aaron and his sons have enlisted the help of all the other troll villages and the humans of the other kingdoms as well. Tomorrow, at dawn, they shall be waiting for our signal to advance.” 
“Gertrude, it will be impossible to get into the castle! All of the doors to the outside shall have the metal gates in place. The castle of Glennmorley was designed to be impregnable. I cannot see how we could get men close enough without being assaulted by a hail of arrows.”
Gertrude peered at Octavius with a mischievous look in his eye. “My friend, do you not remember how we escaped Glennmorley just the other night? I will lead all of the trolls of Awll through the tunnel to the secret passageway. Even if it is well-guarded, we will be able to overwhelm them.”
“I shall go, too, Gertrude. I want to take care of some unfinished business.” A stern look of deliberateness was etched in the set of Octavius’ jaw. “What preparations must we make before the ‘morrow?”
“There is no need for preparation for tomorrow.” a voice from behind Octavius remarked. The old wrinkled figure of Laude stood a few feet back. “When the bucks leave to do battle tomorrow, everything that they need materially shll be waiting out in the courtyard between the house and the palisade. Tonight we must rejoice in the things that we cherish in the spirit. Have the knowledge that without honor there can never be glory. In war, death always lurks in the shadows. My Master has sent word that he will fight on the side of good. So, may goodness be in your hearts and may your sword reap what the bad hearts have sowed.”
The quiet in the room was deafening. Laude’s words were ringing in everyone’s ears. A baby shattered the quiet with its crying, and the silence was broken. 
To Gertrude’s surprise, his mother stood up on her chair and looked out over the multitude of friends, neighbors and fellow villagers. “Tonight, let this be a joyous family night. Love, laugh and live. Do not hesitate to tell your loved ones what is in your heart. It has been a long time since we have had to endure war. War is ugly, and it does not recognize right from wrong. All of you be safe tomorrow. May Ker…”Winifred started weeping, for she still felt her loss from the last war. She had fear in her heart that she might have more... That is something that no troll or human heart should have to endure. 
Amor and Laude appeared at the far end of the hall with a huge cart laden with food. There were some foods no one recognized, but they disappeared quickly as everyone was hungry. There was little merriment during the evening gathering. There were tears of fear and wishes of the heart. Families spent time with each other. Some of the bucks sat and talked strategies. The elders told the stories of the last war.

*

Quiet fell upon the safe haven early that night. Gertrude found that he could not sleep. He went to the window to look out over the courtyard, bathed in moonlight. He saw a figure standing out in the middle of the yard with one arm extended out. Gertrude watched as he made a gesture with the other hand. To Gertrude’s amazement, a kestrel landed on the figure’s arm. Then he was joined by another figure that was smaller and another kestrel landed on their extended arm.
He watched until the kestrels took to the air. Gertrude sat down on his bed to ponder what he had just witnessed. His mind clouded. It seemed like moments later he was awakened by a knock at his door. He sat up and wanted to go back to sleep.
“Gertrude! Gertrude! Wake up! The hour is quickly approaching for you to leave.” His mother’s voice was firm and filled with resolve. “Gertrude, are you awake!”
“Yes, Mother, I am awake. Come in, please.” Gertrude had fallen asleep in his clothes.
“My goodness, what happened to you? You look as if you were dragged down the street by a galloping horse!” Winifred went over to him and kicked him in the shin. “That one is to wake you up. You have one more kick coming before you leave.” Winifred smiled menacingly at her son.
“OW! If you kick me that hard again, I will probably end up a cripple for the rest of my life…” Gertrude sat on the edge of the bed, rubbing his bruised shin.
“Hurry, now, you do not want to be the last one out into the hall. What will everyone think?”
Gertrude looked at his mother and shook his head. “Maybe if you left, I would be able to get ready.”
“Oh, well, I suppose that I should.” Winifred walked to the door and closed it behind her. “Don’t dally!”
Gertrude walked over to where his other clothing had been hanging and took a start. Upon one hook was a red silk shirt with the insignia of his family crest embroidered over a pocket. On the hook next to the shirt was a pair of leather trousers with the finest of hand stitching. The articles of combat gear that caught his eye were a golden breastplate and helmet with a large red plume adorning its crown. Who? How did it get there? He did not have the latitude to stand there and wonder about the uniform. 
The Grand Frog-Troll hurriedly washed and donned the uniform, and held his helmet under his arm. He sauntered out to the great room and stopped in surprised and awe as he looked over a roomful of fully outfitted trolls in almost the same attire as his. He looked past his fellow trolls and his eyes fell upon the figure of Octavius. He was shocked to see Norman standing next to her father, fully clad in battle dress. The troll waded through cheering multitudes to where Octavius and Norman were standing. Not far away was Queen Emmaline with Winifred beside her. They were both crying. “Norman, what are you doing here and why are you dressed like that?”
“It seems the choice was made for me as I found the clothing in my room. Besides, I would not and could not sit idly by while my father is trying to regain control of our kingdom. The honor of the family will be handed down to me some day and I must show that I can carry that honor upon my shoulders.”
“Not to mention that she can beat any soldier on the field at wielding an accurate sword…” Octavius mused with a wry smile crossing his face.
“I want to thank you for the armor, Octavius, but I do not know how you did it.” Gertrude lifted the helmet.
“I did not do it, Gertrude. Nobody knows where it all came from.” Octavius raised his brows and gave a shrug.
Behind them came an old voice and they turned around to see Laude and Amor. Both of them were dressed in white and bore a red ribbon around their necks. “It is almost time for you to leave, as it is an arduous trek down the mountain. Our Master has told us that he will light the way for you ‘til you get to the tunnel. He has sent a messenger to tell us that we should inform you to cleanse any hate from your heart before you leave. He says that hate is too heavy a burden to carry into battle. Remember that good will always conquer evil.” Laude looked at his wife. “Come, my Dear, we must get our preparations under way.” Laude turned to them once more. “May Kern always smile upon you.” With that, Laude and Amor turned and walked out of the room.
Octavius looked at Gertrude. “I want to address your people for a moment, Gertrude.”
“Your Highness, they are your people, too. We may be totally different in the way we look, but we still reside in your kingdom, under your rule. We are honored to have you as our king. We are your people.” Gertrude looked at Octavius and gestured for him to take a chair to stand on. 
“Thank you, my dear friend, for enlightening me to that fact.” Octavius pulled a chair over and jumped up onto it. “My people, as I stand before you in awe upon this ominous morn, I am in awe that you would put your lives in peril for me and our kingdom. I will remain indebted to all of you throughout my reign for the sacrifices that you are making this day.  May our God protect each and every one of us as we go into battle. May we wield our weapons with honor and the knowledge that our cause is just.” Octavius raised his sword. He noticed something about the sword, but continued his speech. “To battle, my friends!”
An uproar erupted and reverberated through the great room. “Octavius! Octavius!” The chant went on for a few minutes and then turned into loud talking, hugs and tears.
Gertrude had noticed Octavius pause as he had held up his sword. “Is there something wrong with the blade you have, Octavius?” The king looked puzzled. He withdrew the sword from its scabbard and held it out for Gertrude to see, his eyes widening in complete astonishment. Octavius truly did have his sword.
Gertrude withdrew his sword and put it up beside the one Octavius was holding. They were identical except for the names ‘Sebastian’ and ‘Norman’.  “How did you regain your sword, Octavius?”
“It is not the same sword that I picked up this morning. I swear! When I took it out of the sheath, it looked different when I held it up. That is when I noticed that it appeared to be your father’s sword. I am totally bewildered by all the happenings ever since we came to this safe haven.”
“We do not have the pleasure to stop and contemplate what’s going on. The time has come for us to leave.” Gertrude went over to his mother to get a hug and kiss. “Ouch! Yes, Mother, I will be careful.” 
He turned around to find Toddy standing behind him in a pale blue dress. She was crying. Gertrude hugged and kissed her, too. “Ouch! I will be limping into battle for sure now.” Gertrude smiled. “I love you and I will return.” He took his hand and wiped a tear away from her eye. Jumping onto a chair, Gertrude let out a shrill whistle to get everyone’s attention. He waited until all was quiet. “My friends, it is off to battle now. Make any further farewells brief. Let us leave this place in song.” Gertrude started the ‘Troll Honor Song’…

“Honor above glory, honor above life, we shall all be bound by this moment, this honorable moment in our lives. He who tests our honor shall feel our wrath, for we are trolls of honor, honor, honor ‘til our bodies draw their last breath.”

Voices of all the trolls raised in song reverberated off of the walls and ceiling. Hugs and kisses there were aplenty and many a sore shin. Gertrude, King Octavius and Princess Norman led the way out into the cold, still night. The moon shone so brightly that it almost seemed like day and not one torch was needed to light the way. The army kept singing the Honor Song and it echoed through the mountain tops as loud as thunder.

Chapter Sixteen

The pretender to the throne of Glennmorley, King Edwin, awakened that very morning to news that armies were approaching from all directions, advancing on the castle. “How can this be possible? I have control over five of the kingdoms! There is not one soldier who has not sworn his allegiance to me. How did we receive word of these approaching armies, and where is Lord Mellem?!” 
The page who had wakened Edwin paused a moment. “Sir, you only have to go to your balcony to see and hear the oncoming hordes.”
Edwin jumped out of bed and threw open the doors to the balcony, staring in amazement at the sight. The glare of thousands of torches lit up the backs of the surrounding hills. The air echoed with the trumpeting sound of a song that came to everyone’s ears as clear as a spoken word. “Trolls?! Trolls are advancing on my castle?!” King Edwin turned crimson with rage, his eyes bulging, his nostrils flared.
“What madness plays with the mind of the fool leading these creatures? Surely they do not think that they will simply waltz in here and take over? Where is that ‘Idiot Lord Mellem’? Go find him and have him meet me down in the great hall!” Edwin watched the page leave. He picked up a huge vase and dashed it to smithereens against the far wall. The sound of the song kept repeating itself in Edwin’s ears. He slammed the doors closed. “I shall show these dreadful slimy green creatures that I mean business! I will see to it that every troll in every kingdom under my command is annihilated!” He quickly dressed and cinched his sword around his waist. 
Moments later he found himself in the great hall. Pandemonium reigned supreme. People seemed to be running hither and yon on an imaginary quest to accomplish nothing. Guards were scattered all over and looked as if they had already lost the battle. Edwin screamed at the top of his lungs. “Quiet! Quiet, you blithering fools!” Silence fell upon the great hall and everyone froze in place. Edwin grabbed one of the guards. “Go find me your commander now and tell him if he does not appear fast enough that I shall have his bones ground up to feed the swine.!!” He pushed the guard away and watched him flee.
“You wanted me, Your Highness?” Nonchalantly Lord Mellem walked into the room, picked up the teapot and started to pour himself some tea.
Edwin leered at Mellem and knocked the cup out of his hand. “You fool!” Edwin’s voice dropped to a snarl. He went nose to nose with his new head counselor. “What is it that your small, pea-sized brain does not comprehend?! We have an army of thousands of trolls advancing on my castle and all you can do is ask me what I want?!” 
Mellem backed away, wiping spittle from his face. “My King, I see no need to get upset over this impending fantasy that these trolls have. All of the entries and exits have been sealed with iron doors.  Even cannons cannot penetrate them, let alone some puny troll army. The battlements are way too high for even ladders to reach, and even if they did get to the walls, we would rain arrows down on their puny, green carcasses. No, I see no reason to get excited about this non-event.” Mellem walked back to the table where he picked up another cup and poured himself some tea. He lifted the cup to his mouth and observed with a demonic grin, “Besides, we hold the balance of power. Do we not hold those of the other royal houses prisoner?” Mellem cackled.
Edwin looked at Mellem for a moment as if he were trying to decide whether to believe him or not. “You are right, Mellem. I have over-reacted. Besides, if you are wrong, I will run you through with my sword before any intruders have a chance to use theirs on your worthless hide...” Edwin smiled menacingly at Mellem. He reached over and poured himself a cup of tea and took a swallow. “By the way, I hope that all of the families are enjoying our hospitality.” 
Lord Mellem smiled and picked up a finger cake. “Your Highness will be pleased to know that they complain continuously about the accommodations and food. Your mother laments perpetually, wondering why you are being so mean to them. Your father ponders if the nurse maid’s milk was bad, or if she dropped you on your head.” A sneer washed across Mellem’s face. “Poor Prince Windermere sits in a corner of his cell, sobbing and mumbling to himself and screams hysterically when his food is delivered. I guess perhaps that he does not like the type of porridge we are providing. As for the other royals, they would like to watch you get tortured and given a thousand deaths. I dare say, Your Highness, that you do not seem very popular with them at this moment.”
King Edwin sighed. “It is so hard to be such a good king... After we get rid of the pestilence outside, we shall have to rid the castle of the unwanted creatures in the dungeons.” He picked up a finger cake and was about to put it in his mouth when the captain of the guard came bounding into the room.
The young man stopped in front of the king. “I am sorry, Your Highness, that I took so long to answer your summons, but I was in the middle of talking to my men up on the battlements. Some of the men are unnerved by the sights and the sounds that morning has given birth to. I have them stationed with bows and rock launchers all around the battlements. I see no way of the enemy breaching the walls or entries.” 
“Very good, Commander. What does your predecessor think about the job you are doing?” 
“Commander Andre wishes that we shall all feel the point of a sharp sword disembowel us slowly. He says that I am a man without honor and a traitor to the real king.” A nervous twitch appeared in the commander’s eyelid and his face turned ashen.

*

Out on the cliffs overlooking the kingdom of Glennmorley, the rising sun brought forth a summons from Gertrude. “Sound the Horns of Kern to start the attack!” Gertrude and the others watched as four trolls brought forth the two great horns, a magnificent sight to behold, no matter how often one saw them. He and all of the other trolls bowed as the horns passed by. The great horns were revered to be very powerful instruments. Gertrude brought the story to mind. 
His mother told him the story exactly the same as countless generations before her had told the story. The tale told how Kern, himself, had forged the horns to aid him in telling good from evil. They were ornately crafted in solid gold. The bells of the horns were cast as heads of lions with their mouths opened wide, to devour the wicked. Riding at the back of the bells were proud Kestrels with their wings partially spread.  They were to be the keen eyes of Kern and relayed messages to him upon the battleground. The twists and turns in the bodies of the Great horns were said to represent headless serpents that the lions had killed. 
The part that Gertrude liked most about the story was about the horns’ way of sorting good from evil. When the horns trumpeted forth, only evil beings could hear Death talking to them as a terrible wailing noise. The horns’ harmonics would make the evil kneel and they would try to shut the sound from their ears. The good would look to the sky for all they would be able to hear is the songs of birds, even if there were none in sight. 
The trolls carrying the mighty horns stopped, facing the valley below. Gertrude gave the signal for the bearers in the back of the horns to sound them. He watched as each troll took a deep breath and set it free into the depths of the instruments. Everyone looked up, as though a thousand birds seemed to be singing. Gertrude knew that down in the castle the horns’ effect would be quite different. 
The horns fell silent and all was quiet around them. It was a few moments later that Gertrude motioned for his fellow combatants to follow him. The four carriers stayed to guard the ancient horns, although none were needed. Gertrude remembered that part of the story, too, and smiled. It was said that any man or troll with evil in his heart that touched the horns would perish instantly.

While at the same time in the castle...

Edwin flashed a wicked grin at the commander. “You need not fear a sharp sword, for this battle will be over in a short period.” Edwin looked out one of the windows to see that the sun was rising. He stood up and, at that very moment, the most horrific sound pounded through the castle and seemed to shake the quarried stone walls to their very foundation. “What in the name of bloody hell is that noise?!” Edwin and the others put their hands over their ears to shield themselves from the horns’ all-devouring trumpeting. He fell to his knees, trying to bury his head. Then, in an instant, all was silent. Edwin looked at the others who seemed equally shocked by what had just happened.
A dazed guard staggered into the great room. “Look out the window! There is a flood of green flowing down from the hills, destroying everything in its path!”
Edwin and Mellem ran to the balcony. As far as the eye could see, one wave of green after the other seemingly undulated down the hillsides. The rising sun reflecting off the gold armor made the mass shimmer.  As the trolls and humans advanced, it was almost blinding. Edwin gasped at Mellem, a look of horror in his eyes. His voice cracked. “What manner of dreadful beast is descending down upon us?!”
Mellem was equally shaken by the sight. “It appears to be some sort of dragon, for it seems to have shimmering scales. I fear that maybe we have underestimated the power that these trolls possess.” Mellem turned to the commander who stood pale and nervous. “Commander, make ready for battle. Let not the dragon reach the castle. Send an army out to meet it and attack it!”
“My Lord, surely there is no way to fight a dragon of that size on the ground! It is far better to stay and defend the battlements. Our only hope is to keep it from climbing up the sides of the castle.” 
“Go! I shall reward the soldier who slays this dragon!” Edwin pointed toward the door and watched as the commander left to inform his men.

Octavius and Norman had remained quiet during the blowing of the horns and smiled at the rapture they produced. “Gertrude, are the horns magical?” Norman queried. 
“No they are not magical. Magic is in fooling the eye with the sleight of the hand. You fool the eye and you fool the brain. My mother tells me that there are always two things present every day in our lives: good and evil. We choose every day of our lives how we shall live. Will we do good...or will we do evil? The choice is ours. If you heard something good from the horns, then your hearts do not know evil. No, the horns are not magical.  They are just.” 
Gertrude led them to the tunnel opening. “Light the torches!” he ordered. One by one and some, two by two, they entered the tunnel. The walk was long, but the tunnels seemed to be warmed by a breeze that carried the smoke from the torches out through unseen openings. Soon Gertrude, Octavius and Norman found themselves at the secret entrance to the castle. Gertrude turned as the others that were able flooded into the cavern. As soon as quiet fell, he began to speak. 
“We are here to right a wrong. We do not know what we will find on the other side of this wall. Go into battle knowing that Kern is on our side, and that I ask no more of you than I do of myself. We go forth in honor, not seeking glory but seeking right.” As Gertrude uttered the last word, he pushed on the torch holder. The floor in the cavern quivered and the rattling of chains came to the ear. Gertrude, Octavius and Norman led the charge into the castle as the wall opened before them with their swords drawn. 
The room was empty. The opening of the wall had sent the guards out into the hall. It is there that they had to use their blades. One guard fell, then another. Cries erupted from the cells as the captive royals cheered. Norman found the keys on one of the guard’s bodies and unlocked the cells. Each king and prince picked up a sword from a fallen guard and joined the fight. 
Norman paused at the last cell as she unlocked it. There was a figure cowering in the corner, rocking back and forth, crying. She thought she recognized the poor soul as she unlocked the cell door and walked in. Once again, Norman hesitated. She walked over to Windermere and knelt down beside him. For some reason, she did not fear any harm from this empty shell of a man. She put her hand upon his trembling shoulder and whispered his name. “Windermere…it is all right…you are safe.”
Windermere stopped his crying and turning his head, recognized the princess. He fell sobbing into her arms. Norman started crying, too, for it was as if she were feeling his pain and anguish. She was startled as a hand touched her shoulder and turned quickly, fearing it was a guard. It was Windermere’s mother, Queen Heloise. The woman had tears in her eyes and she knelt down to take Norman’s place, taking hold of her son and starting rocking him, stroking his head as if she were soothing an infant.
Norman stood up and picked up her sword. She hesitated for a moment, watching the mother and child in front of her then turned and headed out into the passageway. It was clear except for the presence of the fallen soldiers and one wounded troll who was leaning against the wall, trying to put a tourniquet on his arm to stop his bleeding.
Norman walked over and knelt down to help the troll. “Are you strong enough to stand and guard the room that we came from so none of the vermin can escape the castle?”
The troll stood up. “I am Treamore of the Rocks.  Thank you, Princess, for aiding me. Yes, I shall keep the rats in the castle so they can be exterminated.”
Norman ran down the corridor towards the cries of anger and the clashing and clanging of swords, almost in the fight, herself, when a guard vaulted out of the doorway to the right of her, brandishing his sword. Norman evaded his attack with the agility of a cat. The guard missed his opportunity and found himself in a sword fight that was not going in his favor. With a swift stroke of her sword, she caught the soldier with her blade and he fell before her.  The princess rushed onward, hoping to catch up with Gertrude and her father. She did not have to go very far.
Gertrude caught sight of Norman running toward them. He was locked in battle with a tall guard from one of the other kingdoms. There was no time to worry about her. He knew his friend’s strengths and hoped that sword fighting really was one of them. The troll felt another body against his and glanced back to see Norman. He heard a moan and someone dropped to the floor. Norman was still there behind him. He smiled and, with a quick strike, the soldier he was fighting fell.  However, another took his place. 
Troll and human alike were falling. He could not locate Octavius and quickly glanced around the room. The king was not in sight. Gertrude jumped over a figure lying on the floor and dodged another sword. He watched a blade penetrate the body of its bearer. “Norman, I cannot see your father.  Do you see him?”
“No.  I have not seen him since I was separated from the group.” She quickly surveyed the room. “He must be working his way to the lever room, to open the main gate.” The princess moved with agility and avoided a blade then saw the glint of steel to her right and heard a gasp of pain. Another soldier had fallen. Norman smiled wryly, for she knew that Gertrude had thwarted the guard’s sword from striking her. “I am glad to have you at my back, my friend.” She did not wait for a response from Gertrude.
Soon the room was quiet and everyone left fighting moved onward. Down the hallway they sped toward the room where the lever for the main door was housed. The hall opened into a large room and Gertrude recognized it as the armory. His blade caught another guard who fell to his side. He spotted Octavius over by a large door to his right. Octavius was sorely outnumbered, but was holding his own. The troll glanced around the room. It was a melee of arms and swords. Gertrude and Norman fought their way toward the besieged monarch. Soon they found themselves together. Octavius seemed to feel their presence, or maybe he caught a quick glance of them as they fought their way to his side. “I was beginning to wonder where the two of you had disappeared to... I thought that maybe you stopped for a cup of tea...”
Gertrude let forth a loud grunt. “Yes, we did, as a matter of fact, but we didn’t get a chance to have any finger cakes.”
Norman laughed. “I would think that the two of you would have other matters on your mind at the moment.” Norman’s sword found its mark and another soldier fell.
Gertrude looked at the doorway and noticed more guards entering into the skirmish. “We are sorely outnumbered. We must at least raise the main gate to gain aid from the outside. Norman, see if you can make it to the door to pull the lever. Your father and I shall shield you the best we can.” 
Norman did not hesitate and jumped for the door. She yanked it open and spied the lever on the far wall. However, in her exuberance, she failed to notice the guard behind the door. She felt a heavy weight fall upon her and it knocked her to the stone floor. Hoisting herself to her feet, the young woman looked around to see her father pull his sword from the guard’s side. She nodded her head and ran up to the lever and threw her weight upon it. She could hear the chains grinding and clanking. The outside wall shuddered as the door fell into place.

*

Up in the great hall, King Edwin and Lord Mellem had watched in horror as the wave of green approached the castle. It was only after the sun’s light became full that they realized that it was an army of trolls and humans. The army had stopped just short of arrow range. They were completely oblivious as to the events going on in the bowels of the castle. 
Mellem and Edwin watched as the human soldiers raised their large shields over their heads, forming a testudo, marching three abreast toward the main doors. Thousands of arrows rained down upon them as they moved forward. Rocks launched from the battlements had knocked a few of the shield-wielding guards down, but others took their place. They kept advancing.
“What do those soldiers think they are going to accomplish?”  King Edwin looked at Mellem, befuddled. “What on earth are they doing?!”
Mellem smiled, sarcastically offering,  “Maybe, my King, they think that they will be able just to melt through the walls…” Mellem took a sip of tea.
Just as he swallowed his tea, the door to the back of the hall burst open with a bloody Toggart running toward them, screaming maniacally, “They are in the castle! They are in the castle!”
Edwin grabbed Toggart. “Who’s in the castle?” He eyed Toggart’s blood-stained clothing and broke into a huge smile. “Look Mellem!  This worthless creature is so stupid that he cut himself with his own blade…!”
Mellem turned away from Edwin and peered toward the open doorway leading down into the lower sections of the castle. He did not smile. He reached over and pulled Toggart out of Edwin’s grasp. “You worthless piece of green slime, who’s in the castle?!”
Before Toggart could answer, a horde of sword-wielding trolls bellowing “By the Horns of Kern!” burst through all the doorways at once.
Edwin’s pallor turned chalky white, as the blood drained from his face. He snarled at Mellem and the others, “We have nothing to worry about?! Protect me, you idiots!  It is your duty to protect your king!!” Edwin grabbed his sword from its sheath, brandishing it in wait.
Toggart and Mellem did not have time to contemplate the orders as they were hit by an onslaught of swords, driven back into an alcove and surrounded by trolls.  Toggart was swearing at the other trolls in Old Troll while wielding his sword with agility and precision, for he was well-seasoned in the ways of battle. 
“Where are all of these trolls coming from?!” He recognized some of the trolls from his village. He swore at one troll and called out to him by name. “Zeather, I am an elder in your village.  Why do you attack me?!”
“You are no longer one of us for your heart has turned black and greedy.” His retort had momentarily stunned Toggart, distracting him. Zeather’s sword found flesh for he, too, was a seasoned swordsman.
Toggart screamed out in rage and threw everything he had at the troll. The surge caught Zeather off guard and he faltered with fatigue. He misjudged a thrust and thought he had stepped back far enough. His heart was pierced and he fell where he was standing. Toggart puffed out his chest and roared. “I am Toggart the Great!  No one can match my sword!”
“Gertrude told me that you are a foul-mouthed, braggart troll. He also told me that you bear the forked tongue of a serpent.” King Octavius laughed.
Toggart’s boasting had caused him not to see the king, his stinging rebuke spurring the troll’s evil intent. “You shall taste the iron in my blade!” It was then that Toggart eyed Octavius’ sword and quickly glanced at his own weapon.  As if time froze him in place, a split second later Octavius’ sword spun in front of his face and caught his skin. He bellowed in anger, “You shall pay for that, ugly human, and you shall die at the point of my sword!”
Octavius spied Gertrude off to his side, locking swords with Mellem. Octavius spoke loud enough for Gertrude to hear him. “You were right, my friend, Toggart is a braggart… But I must ask you, in all honesty, who is uglier - him or me…?”
Gertrude shouted, “Oh, my friend, I must be honest with you. Toggart is uglier by far.” Gertrude laughed and dodged Mellem’s blade. “Do you not see whose worthless hide I am fighting, Octavius? Is this not an old friend of yours?!”
Octavius glanced over at Lord Mellem. “Can’t say that I recognize the snake you are fighting. A friend would never deceive the other…” Octavius looked beyond Toggart and there stood Prince Edwin, quailing. His anger toward this usurper boiled.  Toying with Toggart, he shouted, “Hey, ugly troll!  Why do you protect the worthless being at your back?”
Toggart thrust his sword once again towards Octavius, missing his mark. “He has promised me money and power! I will be Grand Troll once more!” Toggart’s anger and arrogance was so great, he blurted out,  “I killed to gain the title of Grand Troll once and I shall do it again!” Toggart swore underneath his breath. The evil troll glared at Gertrude as his old lies became truth. Somehow the truth had made him nervous and he faltered with his sword.
Without hesitation, Gertrude switched to fighting Toggart while Octavius fought Mellem. “You killed my father during battle…?” Gertrude sensed an unknown strength filling his whole being. His sword flew faster and he slashed Toggart across his idle arm.

Toggart  winced and cried out, “You will die for that, Gertrude!” He lashed out at the younger troll and drew blood, catching Gertrude just below the shoulder, opening a large gash. 
“You will have to do a lot better than that! Your aim is off, you deceitful, old pretender! Why did you kill him, why?!!” Gertrude switched his sword to the other hand.
“Your father was a weak leader! He always listened to King Norman and what he wanted. He stole your mother from me, too. I never forgave him for that…”
Octavius had been listening to parts of the conversation as he fought with Mellem and he realized why the name ‘Toggart’ had sounded so familiar. He glanced at Toggart. “Gertrude, my father was always telling me about your father’s bravery and how he was guarding his back during battle.” He had heard Sebastian fall and had turned around to see Toggart with a sword thrust through another troll. He had assumed that the stabbed troll had killed Sebastian.
Gertrude thought back to the story his mother had always told him, how it had been a human that had killed his father. “You told everyone another lie…!” Gertrude was having a hard time controlling his anger.
Toggart felt his own strength waning. “It was a lot easier to claim the title of Grand Troll and to tell everyone that it was a human that killed him. Everyone agreed with me that we should not mingle with the humans…” 
While Octavius was fighting Mellem, two more people came into view, locked in battle.  Gertrude realized that it was Norman contending with Prince Edwin. He did not have the time to watch either of his friends and hoped for the best. Gertrude found an opening and landed a blow to Toggart’s leg, leaving a deep wound. Toggart groaned and knew that this fight had to end soon or he would not see the light of the next day. He swung his sword with all of his might, but it was not enough. Gertrude’s sword found Toggart’s black heart.  The old troll went to his knees, dropping his sword beside him, howling in anguish and fell dead.
A new fight ensued with a guard. He did not notice another guard approaching from his opposite side. A body collapsed to the side of him just as that guard’s sword fell an inch from his arm. To his amazement, there stood his mother in full fighting gear. Her sword had found its mark and had brought the guard down before his sword had found Gertrude. He knew that his mother was quite accomplished with a sword for she was the one who taught him what he knew about bearing a fighting sword. Gertrude nodded his head to his mother and watched as she took on another foe.
Norman was still locked in battle with Prince Edwin, the two evenly matched as neither of them had breached the other’s defense. “You will fall before me, Prince, either on your knees begging for mercy or with a sword through that serpent’s heart you bear as your own!” Norman lunged forward, missed and quickly withdrew.
“It is a shame you find me so detestable… You would have made a wonderful queen and wife. It is you, however, that will be begging for mercy!” Edwin faked a bow as he parried with his sword.
“You mock me, Prince.  I will be standing long after you have fallen. My father shall reclaim what is rightfully his!” Norman saw opportunity and her sword’s point ripped a gash in Edwin’s side.
“You witch! You will pay for scarring my body!” Edwin, filled with rage, lunged forward with increased fervor. “You bear a sword well, wench, but I will wear you down…!”
Norman again found an opening, but her sword only caught Edwin’s clothing, short of its mark. “You are good with your sword, Edwin, but you are a poor excuse for a king…!” Norman smiled smugly, knowing full well that it would ignite Edwin’s anger more.
Edwin lunged at Norman without noticing the point of her sword and it grazed his side. Recoiling in pain, he put a hand over his wound to see what damage it had done. Swearing and snarling like a mad dog, he swung his sword wildly, in anger. Shock and surprise filled his limpid blue eyes, the man gasping as Norman’s sword sunk into his rib cage. Falling onto one knee and then onto his side, life drained from the prince, his shocked expression the man’s last show of emotion.
Norman was suddenly overwhelmed by it all. She dropped her sword and fell to her knees, sobbing, for she had just taken a life. Momentarily losing touch with what was going on around her, Norman was thrown forward as she was hit from behind. She screamed in pain and horror. 
The weight of another person held her down and she could not move. She tried to reach for her sword but it was beyond her grasp. Once again, she was overwhelmed by her situation and started crying. She felt two strong arms pulling on hers to help her up. It was Prince Xavier. Norman looked down to see that it had been Prince Thaddeus who had thrown himself upon her, his body pierced by a sword! He lay lifeless upon the floor.
Xavier held Norman close. “I saw Prince Thaddeus throw himself at you when a guard came lunging toward you with his sword. He bravely took the blow meant for you...” Norman looked at Xavier and buried her head in his shoulder and sobbed. Xavier moved the two of them to a corner and held his sword at the ready. He looked about the room and there were only four swordsmen left battling.

*

Octavius and Mellem had moved far from the alcove. They were both fatigued by the long fight. The king was bleeding on his left leg just above the knee where his foe had cut him. His mind raced back to when he use to play with this ‘stranger’ he was fighting. “Why, Mellem? Why? Why did you pursue this course in your life?” Octavius realized that he had actually uttered the words. Mellem’s voice brought him back to the moment at hand.
“You always had everything you wanted, Octavius. Everything came to you with ease. After my wife died, I felt very empty. It was on a trip to Cole that Prince Edwin seduced me with his plan. I had hesitated at first, but the temptation grew greater when I found out that I would have control over everything I surveyed. You weren’t supposed to escape the night of the ball. Everything would be different now…” Mellem charged forward with a new ferocity.
Octavius found himself trying to ward off the attack. “You always were a good swordsman, Mellem, but I was always better…” Octavius threw himself wholeheartedly into the fight and started pushing Mellem back. They were out in the middle of the great room, sparring back and forth, the only ones left fighting. Once again, Mellen went on the offensive, swinging his sword with great speed. Octavius was tiring and his injured leg gave way beneath him.
“Goodbye, old friend...” Mellem raised his sword above his head. “I have finally done something better than yo…. .. “Mellem saw the glint of steel, but could not react in time to avoid it. A small dagger found Mellem’s throat with deadly accuracy. He fell to the floor with a ‘thud!’ a look of pained horror frozen on his face.

*

Octavius brought himself to his feet and looked around to see where the dagger had come from. The room was littered with the dead and wounded. “Where is the commander of my guards?” Octavius hollered and then staggered over to a still upright chair and sat down to survey the room. Norman hurried in his direction with Prince Xavier at her side. He looked down at his wounds and shook his head. The cut in the flesh was deep and would require a needle and thread. He reached over to the nearby table and grabbed a linen napkin and held it firmly upon his wound.
“Father, will you be all right?” Norman’s voice was still shaky from her experience.
“Yes, I will be fine…and you?” Octavius had noticed the quivering in his daughter’s voice.
“I am doing better, thanks to Xavier. He saved me from injury, perhaps death.” Norman looked at the prince and smiled.
“Your admiration is misplaced, Princess, for it was Prince Thaddeus that took the blade in your stead. I merely pulled you out from underneath him. He showed great honor and bravery by doing what he did. He is a far better man than I…”
Andre limped into the room, looking grim and battered, as if he had just lost a loved one. “Your Highness, I understand that you called for me. I have my men sorting the wounded from the dead. I am having those wounded taken down to the armory and the dead are being placed out in the nearest storehouse until we can build pyres.” Andre stood momentarily in a daze then slowly peered around the great hall. “A man should never know the horror of battle…” he audibly whispered. A tear came to his eye.
Octavius stood up and wrapped his arms around his young commander. They stood there embracing, letting their emotions take their course. Octavius let go of Andre. “Thank you for your loyalty, my friend. You have carried your family’s honor well.” Octavius bowed to the commander. “You are already doing what I was going to request of you. Please have the kitchens cleaned and find Lady Harriet. We have many mouths to nourish.” Octavius watched as Andre turned and limped away. “There goes an honorable man, just like his father before him.” Octavius saw Gertrude helping the injured down to the armory. “Gertrude, would you please come here for a moment?”
Gertrude stumbled over to Octavius as requested. He had put a piece of cloth underneath his shirt to catch the blood from his wound. He looked at Octavius’ wound and smiled. “We make a good pair, don’t we?”
The dead and injured were being cleared from the room quickly. Norman walked over to where Thaddeus had fallen. She knelt down and put her hand on his head. She gazed at the long, deep gash across his back. To her surprise, she heard a low moan. She gently moved Thaddeus’ head to the side and another moan came forth. Norman looked over to where the others were still standing. “Please help me! Prince Thaddeus is still alive…!” Prince Xavier and a couple of guards came over and lifted Thaddeus to a chair. His complexion was white but he was breathing normally. Norman gently rubbed his cheeks.
Thaddeus opened his eyes slowly and smiled faintly when he saw Norman. “I must be dead, for I see a beautiful angel in front of me…” He closed his eyes.
“Let’s get him down to the armory so that he can be taken care of.” Norman walked beside Thaddeus, holding his hand. Octavius and Gertrude found themselves watching the activity around them. They both knew that they, too, should head down to the armory to have their wounds checked and stitched up.
Gertrude lifted the piece of cloth that he had stuck under his shirt. The bleeding has stopped. “I guess I’ll make it.” He smiled wryly.

*

Octavius was quiet as he surveyed the room. Almost all the bodies and wounded had been cleared out. He looked at Gertrude who had pulled up a chair. “When will we ever learn that power and greed beget nothing more than pain and suffering? My kingdom has been injured, and now I must act as its ‘apothecary’ to help it heal. Gertrude, Awll has been leveled, and half of my kingdom’s people do not have a place to stay when they return. If it were summer, we could supply them tents, but it is in the middle of winter, with the coldest months falling upon us. My friend, I will need your help in what my mind is thinking, for it is a huge undertaking, but it is something that I feel must be done. I am opening the doors to the castle to all of the trolls that have been displaced. Since you know the needs of your fellow trolls better than I, I am asking you to coordinate all that has to be done to make it possible. It also was Emmaline’s idea to create a new position in our court. We would be honored if you would accept the position of chancellor.”
“I am honored that you think that highly of me to request my service, however I have my obligation as Grand Troll to my fellow trolls.” Gertrude shook his head.
“Gertrude, as chancellor you would be at the head of our council as well as yours. The councils shall become one. This council will govern both humans and trolls. I am giving you control over the council so that we can make common laws that benefit both of our kinds. Please do not say ‘no’ in haste. Please think about what I have said.”
“You do flatter me with the offer, Octavius. I would like to put it to vote in our assembly and, if they agree to it, then I would be honored to accept the position. This is something I know my father wanted. He would be pleased to know that it is now possible.”
“Gertrude, you never fail to amaze me with your compassion and loyalty. I shall be waiting for your answer. I do believe that we should make it down to the armory to get patched. Will you aid me, my friend, as my leg has gotten tender from sitting here.”
.“Do you need to ask, my friend?” Together the two headed down to the armory, Gertrude shouldering the extra weight of Octavius. As they neared, the noise and confusion heightened. There was barely enough space to walk through the room as the floor was littered with multitudes of injured soldiers and trolls. The situation was chaotic as there were not enough people to treat the wounded.
Octavius shook his head in despair. I failed to see this need in the event of a war. “Gertrude, what shall we do?” He had no sooner spoken those words when a clamor arose out in the hallway. To his surprise, Emmaline walked into the room, followed by all of the lady trolls. They were carrying blankets and first-aid supplies. In the blink of an eye, everything seemed to flow a little smoother. The ladies started sorting out the soldiers that needed attention first. The ones who could wait to be helped were made comfortable in another part of the huge room. Octavius hobbled towards his wife with Gertrude at his side. “How did you get here? How did you know our needs?”
Emmaline smiled. She kept herself busy, sorting bandages while she talked. “Amor and Laude came to us not too long after the Horns of Kern were sounded and said that we should be on our way to help. They told us that they would see that the children would be well cared for and that we were needed here to care for the injured. They led us to all of these supplies and then to the tunnel system. We thought for sure that we would get lost...”  She turned to Octavius and the smile faded from her face when she saw his wound. “You are injured! Why are you not getting stitched up by the apothecary?”
“My wound does not require immediate attention. There are many here that require aid first.” Octavius looked around the room and the stress of the battle showed in the lines and creases of his face, making him appear older. Tears welled up in his eyes at the realization of the loyalty and bravery shown by the men and trolls before his eyes. He looked over at Gertrude. “My friend, what are the words to your ‘Honor Song’? I feel as though my voice should be raised in praise of all who are here and stood by my side in battle…” Gertrude nodded with a smile that seemed to cut his face in half. 
“Honor above glory, honor above life, we shall all be bound by this moment, this honorable moment in our lives. He who tests our honor shall feel our wrath, for we are trolls of honor, honor, honor till our bodies draw their last breaths.”
As the words of the song sprang forth from Octavius, Gertrude and Emmaline, the power of the song rose with every word. All of the injured that were able to stand, stood with their hand placed across their heart. The words brought tears to everyone as they realized that they were singing the song in praise to themselves and their fellow soldier - be they human or troll. The song seemed to take on a life of its own as it flew through the air as though it were riding on the back of a mighty kestrel. 
Octavius raised his arms to his people. Silence fell slowly. He raised his arms even higher and silence took hold as his voice boomed forth. “We have faced adversity together and we have defeated those who wished us harm! I can never thank you enough for what you have gone through! As I stand here before you, I solemnly promise to show my gratitude by being the best king that I can be. Honor and justice will prevail in our kingdom. I bow to all of you now in deep gratitude. Queen Emmaline and I are opening up the castle to those families that find themselves homeless. This will not be an easy undertaking, but from what I have witnessed by today’s events, there is nothing we can not accomplish by working together. Thank you!” Octavius lowered his arms. A thunderous roar erupted that shook the walls with the chant: “Long live our King! Long live Octavius!”
Gertrude looked around the room and noticed his mother on the far side, helping an injured troll. He left Octavius and walked towards his mother, shaking hands with the injured and thanking each one for their bravery. He came upon Winifred and commented on her fighting gear.  “Mother, why are you dressed as you are?”
Winifred glanced up at her son. She did not stop what she was doing. “I had found the battle gear in my room after you left. I put it on and took up the rear.” Winifred paused for a moment. “Did you notice the pair of kestrels at the top of the gate when we left?”
“No, mother, I can not say that I did. I must return to the haven and thank our hosts in the next few days. We must bring the Horns of Kern back down from the side of the mountain.”
Octavius took something from Andre, surveyed the room and walked over to where Gertrude and Winifred were. “Andre just handed me this knife. On the handle it has the name ‘Tinker’ inscribed in it.” Octavius looked at the two questioningly.
Winifred glanced over at the knife and nonchalantly turned and took it from Octavius’ hand. “Where in the name of Kern did you find this?”
“It was taken from the throat of Lord Mellem by one of my guards. Is it yours, Winifred?”
Winifred shuffled uncomfortably and turned a darker green. “Yes, it is mine. I use it to slit the throats of swine and chickens when butchering. I keep it in a sheath attached above my ankle.” She looked at Octavius. Before he could ask her the question, Winifred scowled. “Yes, it was me who threw the knife.” She peered down at it in her hand. “I do not take pleasure in taking the life of a human or troll. I am glad that the knife found its intended target, but I ask you not to thank me for it. You needed help and I was able to give it when you needed it. Please honor my request...”
“Lady Winifred, you are an incredible being!” Octavius’ eyes filled with tears. He grabbed her by the shoulders, bent down and gave her a hug and kiss. Winifred raised her eyes to see Octavius, nodded and returned to her work.
Gertrude prodded Octavius. “I think we had best get our wounds taken care of so no one ends up having to care for us…” The two walked towards the apothecary with Octavius leaning, once again, on Gertrude.

Chapter Seventeen

Two days later, cries of battle were replaced by the laughter and pranks of the children. Everyone was busy taking care of endless chores with so many living souls under one roof. Even though the Glennmorley castle had ample room to accommodate everyone, there didn’t seem to be one vacant corner where someone could hide from all of the confusion.
Octavius and Emmaline were sitting by the fire, having a cup of tea. Octavius watched all the commotion going on. Suddenly a head appeared from underneath his chair and gave him a start. Emmaline laughed and quickly got to her feet and withdrew the small hopper from her hiding spot and carried her over to one of the ladies watching some of the children.
“Aren’t they the cutest things you have ever seen, my dear?” Emmaline smiled at Octavius. He seemed deep in thought and she knew he had not heard a word of what she had said. “Octavius, is there something bothering you?”
“Oh! I am sorry, my dear, I guess I am not use to all the happenings in the castle. It seems the only place we have any time to ourselves is in our bedchamber.” He watched as one of the hoppers tore past a huge vase and it fell with a mighty crash.
“Oh my! I hope the small hopper is all right.” Emmaline once again arose from her chair. “I think Gertrude was planning to go up to the cliffs today with some men to retrieve the Horns of Kern and bring them down to the edge of the village. Perhaps you could go with him, if you feel you can walk the distance with your injured leg.”
Octavius smiled.  “My dear, that is an excellent idea! I believe I can carry myself that distance. I shall find Gertrude and ask if I can join him.” He didn’t have to look far as Gertrude, Norman and Thaddeus had just entered the room and walked over to the pair.
“Good morning, Octavius and Emmaline.  The three of us were talking and we were wondering if you were up to a walk? We are going to go up on the cliffs and bring the Horns down to where we can watch them better.” Gertrude smiled and turned his head when he heard a crash. “I am sorry about that, Octavius.”
Octavius waved his hand. “Don’t worry about it. Let us get on our way, shall we?”
Within the blink of an eye, the four found themselves out in the chill of the day, hiking towards the cliffs with the other men they needed to haul the heavy treasure. A fresh snow had fallen the night before, wrapping the trees in new winter coats. The walk was fairly easy and they soon were entering the glen. Coming around a grove of pines, they were met by an unexpected sight.
As though a supernatural vision, the Horns of Kern stood before them, the gold on their bells gleaming in the bright sunlight. Gertrude looked at Octavius and immediately realized that the king was just as surprised and had nothing to do with the sight before their startled eyes.  The Horns had been placed on an outcropping of granite and behind that was a smaller version of the haven looming before them. ‘How? Where? When did this all take place? Who brought the horns down and set them on the outcropping? Who had built the huge building where none had been days earlier?’ 
Thaddeus and the others did not understand what was going on. “It seems as though someone else has done the task for us. It is truly an instrument of greatness and whoever placed it upon the rocks had great strength.”
Norman walked over to Thaddeus. “These Horns were up on the cliffs above us.” Norman pointed upward. “That is a few thousand feet of rock, ice and snow that the horns were brought over. This building did not exist just a few days ago...” Norman watched as wonder crept into Thaddeus’ eyes. 
Gertrude climbed upon the outcropping to stand next to the Horns. He rubbed his hand across the body of the instrument.  It almost felt alive... He stared out over the valley below. The river, Caoimhe, meandered through the kingdom of Glennmorley and disappeared through the distant hills. The castle seemed to shimmer in the cold air. The scars of the fires in Awll were well hidden by the fresh snowfall. He stood there gazing at the bucolic sight for a few minutes, lost in its beauty and peace. He almost didn’t notice the work going on at the edge of where Awll had once stood. Men and trolls were working side by side to build the many pyres needed for the dead. Gertrude turned and jumped down from the outcropping. He looked at the other three bewildered souls with him. “I do not understand all of this. I do not have any answers.”
Thaddeus looked over his shoulder as he had caught movement from the corner of his eye. “Look, kestrels seem to be watching us.” Up in the clear sky above them, a pair of the birds were circling and gliding through the air.
Octavius admired the birds and spoke his thoughts. “Do you really think that they are the eyes of Laude’s and Amor’s master?” 
“Our lore is full of stories about the kestrels. I am positive that all the stories are based on some form of truth.” Gertrude smiled and started towards the building. Just as he was about to put a foot o the first step, one of the kestrels alighted on the far banister that enclosed the porch. The bird let forth a shrill whistle and once again took to the air. Gertrude looked back at the others and merely shrugged. He opened the door to the building and was immediately awed by its size. “How could anyone build such a huge structure this time of the year? Are we truly seeing what we are seeing, or does some great sorcerer have us all under his spell?”
“Everything looks real, feels real and smells real. You can smell the oils they used on the wood to make it gleam.” Norman ran her hand over the doorframe. It was then that she noticed something strange. “Look, everyone, at the carvings...!” Everyone looked to where she was pointing.
Prince Thaddeus was the first to speak. “Whoever did the carvings has a deft hand. Some of the figures look lifelike.” He peered toward the rear wall and could only point, for he was lost for words.  Two large figures were carved into the mammoth support beams. One figure was human and the other figure was troll. Each figure was reaching to the other with an outstretched right hand. Thaddeus walked closer and the others followed him. He looked up at the carving of the troll and down at Gertrude and then back at the carved figure. “The likeness is uncanny, Sir Gertrude.” 
Norman let out a gasp, and looked at her father. “Father, it is you! That is your likeness carved into the beam.”
Octavius blushed, for he could not deny that the carving closely resembled him. “That is not me…” he said in a hushed tone.  “That is my father, King Norman.”
“My mother says that I closely resemble my father.” Gertrude looked at the others. “I think the other figure is my father. If you stop to think about it, it does make some sense. What they fought for was to have humans and trolls reside together. That is what the whole Troll Wars were about. It is sad to think that it took another war to possibly bring it to fruition.”
The light inside the building seemed to move with the sun, and the sunlight hit the rear wall, revealing a plaque formed in the shape of a star. The inside of the star held an inscription.

Octavius started to read what it said for all to hear:

“Let these walls echo with the sounds of justice.  May those who make the laws that fall upon this land know the meaning of the word ‘equality’. For all who dwell in this kingdom shall be considered equal, be they troll or human. Let neither race forget that the blood of each lies on the land so that all might live in peace. May love, peace, hope and joy forever be celebrated by the peoples of this kingdom.  May the horns be blown once a year to remind evil that good is always vigilant...”

Everyone was silent and no one saw the pair of figures enter through the door. They were quiet until they reached the small group. “Do you like the meeting place that our Master had built for your homeland?” Laude smiled broadly and raised his arms high in the air.
Gertrude was the first to turn with a start. “Laude, Amor, we thank your master with all of our hearts.  But why has he done this for us? We do not even know him…”
“We all must make choices in our life. Sometimes we make the right ones and sometimes we make the wrong ones. Our Master wanted to show you that you have indeed made the right choice. He hopes that all who pass through the door into this place continue to make the right choices for the good of all.”
Gertrude pointed to the huge support columns that bore the likenesses of his father and Octavius’ father. “It would take a normal troll or human a good part of a year to carve those figures. How was your master able to do this and create such a structure in a few passings?”
Laude and Amor smiled broadly. “Our Master is capable of many things. He believes in helping those who seek out the best in themselves and others. He dislikes evil and those who think only of themselves. Therefore he aids those seeking the path of good and confuses those heading in the path of evil.” Amor looked over at Laude, who was nodding his head in agreement.
Gertrude gazed at Amor in frustration. “You did not answer my question. How did your master accomplish this in such a short time?”
Laude answered, “Our Master has many followers who believe in his ways and he can do many things more quickly than the mind can imagine. Our Master has his limitations, but instead of dwelling on those limitations, he rejoices in the things that he can accomplish, either on his own or with the aid of many.”
Octavius had stood silent through the conversation.  He walked over to the pillar with the likeness of his father carved so artfully into it. “Your master has some extraordinary craftsmen working for him.” He turned to Laude. “How did you know that we were down here, and how did you get here so quickly from the haven?”
“Our Master has the ability to see things that others cannot, for he has many eyes watching for him.” Amor looked toward the door and pointed. Two kestrels landed at that moment on the porch railing. “We have been down here supervising the construction of the building and the placement of the Horns. We came down after the children and women left.”
Thaddeus raised his eyebrows. “You are trolls.  Is your master a troll?”
“Does our Master care if you are human or troll? The forms that our bodies take are irrelevant to him. If you had three heads and twenty eyes, it would not change the way he feels about you. He only cares for the good that resides in all of us.” Amor smiled at Thaddeus. “Have I answered your question to your satisfaction?”
Thaddeus looked perplexed. “No, you didn’t. What does he look like?”
Laude tapped Amor on the shoulder and smiled at her. “Our Master looks like everything, yet looks like nothing that you have ever laid your eyes upon. To look directly upon the Master would be very confusing to the eye. When you see good, our Master is present.” Laude turned to Amor. “We must leave to finish our tasks.”
Amor smiled and nodded. “We bid you a good day. Our Master is anxious to see how you will use his gift.” The four souls watched as Amor and Laude left the building. Their eyes were drawn toward the ceiling as they noticed movement in the rafters. A lone kestrel had managed to fly in through the doorway while they had been talking.
Gertrude took off his cape and wrapped it around his arm. He held it out in front of him at shoulder height. To everyone’s amazement, the kestrel swooped down and landed on Gertrude’s outstretched arm. Both troll and majestic bird studied each other for a brief moment. “Please give a message to your Master that we appreciate his many gifts and thank him from our hearts.” The large bird turned his head as if he were studying the others. He raised his wings and sang out a cry and soared toward the still open doorway. He was gone…
Octavius was the first to speak.” What is your thought behind all of this, Gertrude? I think that whoever this ‘master’ fellow is he is not after power. I do believe that he is trying to help us set up a society where all of us can live together under one set of laws that will serve justice upon the whole kingdom.”
Norman looked at Gertrude, who seemed to be digesting what Octavius had said. “I think that whoever is to lead the justice system should be elected to the position.”
Gertrude looked at the prince who had been an observer. “What do you think about all this, Thaddeus?”
“My father is wise in many ways, and he once told me that justice must be blind for it to succeed. Therefore, the way I view this matter?  The laws that are written must not favor one over the other.  If the laws are written in favor of one and to the detriment of the other, then there can never be equality between human and troll.” Thaddeus looked at the others and rested his gaze on Octavius.
Gertrude smiled.  “Exactly! We must arrange an election to have a judge put in the position to oversee this assembly of lawmakers. Then we must give the assembly power to over rule the judge as a check on his power.” 
“Gertrude, as Grand Troll, you now have a place for assembly and you can talk to our people. If you would like, I would be more than happy to give my view on this matter.” Octavius raised both hands in an outstretched manner.
“I will call for a meeting tomorrow. We will set forth a nomination for a judge. I will also have one of our members give a copy of our laws already in existence to you so everyone can go over them in your assembly.” Gertrude looked at Octavius.
“I will do the same, Gertrude.” Octavius smiled and reached to shake Gertrude’s hand.

*

The following day dawned with clear blue skies and a warm sun. Gertrude and Winifred found themselves leading their people up to the glen to the new meeting place. There was a lot of talking and whispering going on. Gertrude stopped at the opening to the glen. He turned and raised his arms. The procession came to a halt. 
“My friends and neighbors, beyond these trees there is a special place. This place will symbolize a new beginning for our people and the humans of this kingdom. This place will be where the laws of the land shall be made - by both trolls and humans - and where those who break the laws shall be dealt justice. We shall call this place ‘Harmony’. Let us go forth and rejoice as we hold our first meeting in Harmony…” 
Gertrude turned and walked around the pines shielding the building from view. As each troll saw the Horns and the building, they were shocked into complete silence. Upon entering, they were awed by the magnificence of the structure and its artistry. Gertrude and Winifred watched as everyone slowly filed in. Each troll touched the doorframe and rubbed the wood as if to check to see if it were real. Gertrude started singing the “Troll Honor Song” and the sweet music took flight on kestrel wings, soared through the building and rose to the heavens above.

*

It was not easy convincing all humans and all trolls that coexistence was possible, but it did happen and peace came to the kingdom of Glennmorley. Peace spread as quickly as a spring wind to the surrounding kingdoms, also, as they saw the benefits of this unity between trolls and humans. For many years, the court was ruled by two judges: Winifred of Tinker Hollow and Queen Emmaline. They both sat on the bench together and saw that justice was dealt fairly to all. 
Princess Norman married Prince Thaddeus and they had three daughters and three sons. They named their first son, ‘Octavius’, and their first daughter, ‘Gertrude’.
Gertrude accepted the position of chancellor and married Toddy. Toddy loved children and they found themselves with ten hoppers getting into all sorts of mischief
Norman and Gertrude remained friends until the very end. Norman was at Gertrude’s bedside as he took his last breath. All of his children and grandchildren were there. Norman held his hand as Toddy drew her fingers through his hair. “You are sooo ugly, my friend.”
“And you are so beautiful, my friend…” Gertrude smiled and closed his eyes on the peaceful world that he helped create.


THE BEGINNING...
