The Fifth Magic
Book One of The Artifacts of Power trilogy
Brian Rathbone

Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2014 Brian Rathbone
White Wolf Press, LLC
Rutherfordton, NC 28139

Acknowledgments
Special thanks to Amber Setters, Clay Cook, C.M. Lance and all those who've helped and supported me along the way.

The World of Godsland fantasy series in order:

The Dawning of Power trilogy
Call of the Herald
Inherited Danger
Dragon Ore

The Balance of Power trilogy
Regent
Feral
Regal

The Artifacts of Power trilogy
The Fifth Magic
Dragonhold
The Seventh Magic

Chapter 1
Honor feeds no children.
--Sevellon the thief

* * *

Lies.
Like the patina of a thousand years, deceptions, half-truths, and full-on lies coated everything in Sinjin Volker's life. He had things he'd never have dreamed of: a beautiful wife, a dragon, and the Dragon Clan at his command, but it was tainted.
As he gazed out along the horizon, across the Endless Sea, wind gusts resonated within Windhold, casting Sinjin's long hair back. Kendra said she was responsible for cutting his hair, but he was afraid to ask, partly because he wasn't sure he trusted her with a knife near his neck at the moment and partly because she'd made it clear, to him and others, she hated it when his hair got long. To ask for a haircut would mean admitting defeat. Though he knew it was childish, he refused to give her the victory. He justified it by telling himself he needed the Dragon Clan and the Drakon to respect him. Giving in to Kendra was unlikely to better their opinion of him. Using a strip of leather, he pulled his hair back and tied it up, which kept most of it out of his mouth and eyes.
The air smelled of a coming storm. Wind gusts grew more frequent and powerful. Windhold was aptly named, and riding out storms in the hold was unpleasant at best. Better to saddle the dragons and fly. The Dragon Clan could retreat to the lower hold and stay warm and dry. He turned back to those in the hold to give the command, but no one was looking at him. Even Durin was already saddling Valterius, and Sinjin's dragon watched his friend with a mildly suspicious eye. Durin had saddled Valterius many times, but Al'Drak liked to keep everyone sharp; his status among the dragons was unchallenged. Sinjin tried not to be upset no one had looked to him for command or even guidance. It was a sign of his poor leadership skills and it stung. Valterius moved suddenly to one side, and all Sinjin could do was watch. The words of warning had barely formed on his tongue when the dragon's tail flicked, catching Durin in the back of his knees and sending him flying. The Drakon pretended not to see, though a few smirked, knowing Valterius had a sense of humor.
Durin pulled himself from the stone floor. "Your dragon."
"Yeah. I know," Sinjin said. Valterius managed to look innocent, and he couldn't help but laugh.
"Thanks," Durin said. "You never seem to find it funny when he does it to you."
"Not for a while at least," Sinjin said, and he helped Durin finish saddling Valterius. The dragon was happier with two of them working on him. As long as he was the center of attention, he was well behaved. Sinjin had been working with him on obedience. Convincing the dragon he was the leader and that his commands were to be followed was proving to be something of a challenge. Still, there was something new in their relationship. Perhaps grudging respect, Sinjin thought, but he flinched when the dragon twitched his tail, which made him reconsider. He mounted without incident, but Valterius stared at him, and he could rarely venture a guess at what the creature was thinking. "Let's make for the shallows," he said after strapping himself in. Using the reins, he guided Valterius into the main wind hall.
Rather than walk toward the opening as they normally would, Valterius chose to show off his skill. Spreading his wings, he hovered in place for a short time, and with nothing more than minute, barely perceptible muscle movements, he moved with the wind and soared from the hold without ever flapping his wings. The Drakon followed. Like leaves from a mighty tree, shaken and thrown into the wind, they glided away. Inescapable wind gusts more violent than Sinjin was comfortable flying in were inescapable. The storm rushed in and surrounded them faster than thought. Strong fliers, the Drakon not so easily overcome. Pushing along the storm's outer edge, Valterius used the winds to their advantage and sent them racing to the south and west, toward the shallows.
For once he'd chosen to allow Sinjin to set their course with nothing but his knees. A squeeze to one side or the other was all it took to express his intentions. Kendra flew Gerhonda close; Valterius didn't object.
"We should just fly straight to the Terhilian Keys for the council," she shouted. "We could sweep the area and make sure there are no surprises."
"This is a council designed to keep the peace. We cannot show up with our entire strength. That would be an act of aggression."
"I see nothing wrong with a little aggression," Kendra said. "From what I've been hearing, Trinda and the Dark Queen have some of their own."
"We've no proof of that," Sinjin said.
"Have you any proof otherwise?" she asked.
He didn't answer.
"Then how can we discount either possibility? We cannot."
"Valterius and I are going, and you may ride with me if you wish, but we will not bring a show of strength to the Council of the Known Lands."
The air between Valterius and Gerhonda grew turbulent, and some distance soon separated them. Valterius continued to fly toward the shallows, and Sinjin realized he might have finally won an argument. He'd always wondered what that might feel like.

* * *

The Serpent was a ship like no other, despite the masthead being an imitation of the legendary Dragon's Wing. The Serpent, too, bore a Kyrien's likeness, but it was much more hastily created and was best seen from a distance. Both ships could fly but in entirely different manners. Where the Dragon's Wing flew by the power of a flightmaster and thrustmaster, the Serpent flew under her own power and the wind in her sails, as her captain said a proper ship should.
"Perhaps the best way to keep a ship from sinking is to never put it in the water," Kenward Trell reminded Brother Vaughn as they moved through the mostly clear skies with almost graceful ease. The smell of burning wood and coal, along with the black smoke pouring from the chimstack and a constant low-pitched whistle proved brute force was required to keep them aloft.
Brother Vaughn asked himself once again what he'd been thinking when boarding this ship. Kenward was world renowned for his recklessness, and the Serpent appeared to have been built under the premise it might soon be scattered across a mountainside. The lure of knowledge held by those within the Heights had been enough to blind Brother Vaughn, but he'd regretted it ever since they departed the Firstland. The chance to see verdant dragons under peaceful circumstances also drew him on, but it was less and less likely they would get there alive.
"Airships once ruled the winds," Kenward said. "And so they will again. The Serpent proves any man can sail the skies, whether they are touched by the gods or not."
Brother Vaughn caught himself about to run his hands along the railing, but he'd already gotten two splinters that way, and a third one would be his own fault. In truth, much of what was shoddy about the Serpent was a result of the materials from which she'd been built. Though rare and difficult to find, flakewood was by far the lightest building material strong enough to support a ship this size. The archives revealed much, and Kenward had proven determined to use the ancients' knowledge to his advantage.
Aside from being light, the flakewood splintered easily, possessing none of greatoak's malleability. Gaps between the planks made Brother Vaughn shiver, knowing the ship was in no way water tight. "You could've at least made the planks fit together," he said.
"No point in making her seaworthy if you're never going to put her in the water," Kenward said. "Besides, flakewood floats better than lightwood, so the Serpent should still float."
"Should . . ."
Kenward shrugged. Brother Vaughn had already heard his argument. "We've only tested the Serpent in the air. If she ever ends up in the sea, we'll find out if she floats."
Even Kenward had shown his concern a number of times during their flight over what was called the Endless Sea. But they'd stayed aloft, and Brother Vaughn had long since tired of seeing water beneath them through the cracks in the deck and the hold below.
"Never have I worried so much over weight, Vaughn," Kenward said. "Maybe you could catch a ride to the council with Onin. Based on my calculations, I'll have plenty of room in the hold but too much weight aboard to fill it. A partially filled hold offends my sensibilities."
"If Onin will have me," Brother Vaughn said. He'd have said more, but he didn't want to give Kenward any more reason to toss him overboard.
"Sevon!" Kenward shouted, and a short, skinny man with thin, straggly hair answered the call. "Go tell Farsy to redo our estimates assuming all passengers find their own ways home."
The man nodded and did not meet Brother Vaughn's eyes when he turned. Brother Vaughn kept his hands in the pockets of his robes to keep them warm, and he fondled the ornately carved cube he always kept with him. Kenward had been the one to reveal its true purpose, and it had kept him up at night ever since. A key. It was an elaborate and ancient key meant to open a ship's secondhold--the place where a captain might hide his or her greatest treasure. Brother Vaughn knew the location of the ship this key went to. It taunted him, making him wonder, over and over, what might be within the secondhold of a ship resting at the bottom of the God's Eye for thousands of years. But the God's Eye was denied to him, as was all of Dragonhold, making it a puzzle with no solution.
This trip, in a way, had been about escaping knowledge he could not pursue. The cube was a reminder he sometimes wished he'd left behind, but he could entrust it to no one else, and there was no place he considered safe enough to leave it. Thus, its constant presence continued to make him wonder.
"Land below!" came a shout from the crow's nest, and Brother Vaughn gripped the rail. It took a moment for the clouds below them to clear, but when they did, the view was magnificent. Beneath them was an emerald marsh, teeming with life. Rising from a still-distant plain, waited the Heights. There, Brother Vaughn knew, wrapped in low-lying clouds, was the forest in which Thundegar and Allette had lived. Seeing this place so alive gave him greater context for the tale reshaping his world.
Knowledge spread following the first Council of the Known Lands. Even the design of this ship would have been unknown to them if not for that communication. Revelations from the scrolls Catrin had found within Ohmahold and other discoveries within Dragonhold had profound impacts on those within the Heights, the Mids, and across all of Godsland. Most agreed a new age was upon them; Brother Vaughn hoped it was an age of enlightenment and not an age of conflict.
Thus far, the Council of the Known Lands succeeded in maintaining peace, but rumors of tension reminded nothing was certain. Diplomacy was the reason most believed Brother Vaughn was on this trip, and he did hope to foster good will, but he wondered just how much he could do. In many ways, Kenward was a far better ambassador. Trade was a language everyone understood, and Kenward brought with him as many valuable items as he hoped to leave with.
A cold wind descended on them with sudden force and ferocity. The ship dropped through the air like a stone, and Brother Vaughn's guts raced toward his chin. There had been no warning, and crewmen were tossed about. When the ship just as suddenly slowed its descent, people slammed into the Serpent's unforgiving deck.
"Boiling downbursts!" Kenward cursed. "Anyone injured?"
Moans broke the silence, and Kenward moved toward the closest source. Just before he reached Bryn, another body collided with him, and he reached out to steady the man. It was the one they called Sevon. Brother Vaughn hadn't known him prior to this flight, but Kenward had been forced to find some new crewmen to man the Serpent. It was not a change all sailors could make; Sevon, though, was at home on the airship and generally moved about with lithe dexterity.
Brother Vaughn steadied him.
"Sorry," Sevon said.
Attended to Bryn, who was now coming around, though he was bleeding from his forehead, Brother Vaughn paid Sevon no more mind.
"Pelivor warned me about these blasted downdrafts," Kenward said, "but I'll be boiled if I can see 'em coming."
Luckily, no one was seriously injured, and Kenward moved back to the rails. The marsh was a great deal closer now, and Brother Vaughn could see the swamp pigs Thundegar had described. Glistening, the creatures moved through the channels they created, cutting the otherwise complete carpet of vegetation into pieces like a woodsmith's puzzle only with sunlight reflecting through the gaps.
Beneath them flashed darkness embodied, and the ship's hull issued an echoing thrum. With terror in his heart, Brother Vaughn watched the feral dragon slip just as quickly away from them and out of view. Looking around, frantic, he could not locate the dragon, and he once again knew true fear. He had faced these creatures before and barely survived, and now he was exposed and vulnerable once again. The feeling grew more intense as the Serpent lost altitude.
Black smoke poured from the chimstack, and steam billowed around it.
"We got a leak!" someone cried from belowdecks and the crew worked to stem the flow. The ship's shadow danced along the vegetation and grew closer. It was just a matter of time before they crashed into it. Not far in the distance, the greenery ended and desert began. Brother Vaughn wasn't certain what to wish for, so he simply prayed the crew could fix the steam leak in time. The billowing air bags rippled above them in danger of collapsing. Brother Vaughn braced himself. He'd thought flying on a dragon or on a ship with a flightmaster was terrifying. This took fear to a new level.
The ship's shadow raced along the desert, a sand cloud swirling in their wake. The cries from below changed in pitch, and after a fevered moment of shouted orders, the steam rising from belowdecks decreased. The wind socks--or bladders, as Kenward called them--firmed and snapped taut. The ship began to rise, and Brother Vaughn prayed they were not too late. A stiff wind now pushed them toward the heights faster than any of them would have liked. Kenward called out more orders, and the Serpent responded--somewhat. As if waking from a long sleep, the ship lumbered upward; cast like a leaf in the wind, it twisted. The ropes holding the air bags popped and whined but continued to hold. By some luck, the wind straightened the ship, line, and sail.
Pointed in the right direction, Kenward took advantage. "More flame!"
Black smoke grew thick. The ship ascended into it then leaped higher, supported by thermals rising above the sands. With the increase in smoke came more steam, and Farsy shouted from belowdecks, his words distorted but his intention clear. The black was choked to a fraction of what it had been, and the steam lessened. The Serpent could climb only so high so fast. Fortunately the thermals did most of the work, leaving them drifting higher and higher in a lazy circle. Tilted sails caught uprising air, the angle of one side less than the other, allowing them to spiral upward.
The people of the Heights had been notified the Serpent was coming, but Brother Vaughn still wasn't certain what to expect. At that point, just about anything would be better than being on Kenward's airship. What had he been thinking?
The captain appeared to be feeling quite good about himself. Brother Vaughn could imagine his words, "First person to ever fly a steam-powered ship across the Endless Sea and do trade with the Heights."
A crowd appeared along the edges of the gaping openings in the mountains. With the sun setting behind them, Kenward guided the Serpent away from the thermals and toward the tallest spire. There waited an official delegation, and he guided the airship closer.
Erratic wind gusts and vortices tossed the ship during the final approach, and those waiting within the cavernous chamber scattered. With the lines creaking and groaning from the strain, the Serpent cleared the expansive opening with excessive speed. Again the wind gusted, catching the air bags in the gale. Into the stone floor the hull slammed, jolting all those aboard, before changing direction and being dragged back toward open air.
"Cut the lines!" Kenward shouted, his voice high. "Quickly!"
Moving with all the speed they could muster, the crew worked to cut the ropes. They would not be quick enough. Brother Vaughn would have jumped, but he was not strong enough. Others made the leap and landed on solid stone, but he remained rooted and would go where the ship went. The world stopped moving suddenly and completely. A deep boom rattled his being, and Brother Vaughn's eyes felt as if they might be torn from his head. When he opened them, his vision was blurred, and it took a moment to see the largest eye he'd ever seen gazing down upon him. The mighty verdant dragon, his head nearly as big as the ship, snorted and rattled the chamber, then roared. Brother Vaughn would always remember it as if the dragon had roared at him personally.
Grateful for the leviathan's help, Brother Vaughn tried to be thankful while he pulled himself over the rail to drop onto the cavern floor. The dragon had stopped the Serpent from being dashed against the rocks, but he had also nearly deafened Brother Vaughn and risked giving him a heart attack. Men in white linen robes with shoes that shone even in the failing light approached.
"I am Brother Vaughn."
"Your people certainly know how to make an entrance," said a fat man with a lopsided grin.
Sensi, Brother Vaughn presumed as he picked himself up from the cold stone.

Chapter 2
Change threatens all that is and shall be met with fire.
--Sensi, chamberlain to the lord chancellor

* * *

Diplomacy was made difficult by the lord chancellor's refusal to meet with Brother Vaughn. The best he could do was talk with the people at the market while trying to keep Kenward out of trouble, the latter of which was like trying to keep the wind from blowing.
"For all of these," Kenward said to a gem merchant, "I will give you one of these." He produced a dried and preserved yet still lustrous saltbark leaf.
"Do you think me a halfwit?" the man asked, his voice high and accent thick. The interaction did not go unnoticed, and guards moved closer to where they stood. Brother Vaughn had the distinct feeling he was being watched from above, and he gave Kenward a nudge.
"I mean no offense," Kenward said. "This saltbark leaf will cure almost any ill and is considered as valuable as a life."
The merchant made a show of being unconvinced but soon reconsidered. "Half," he said. "Because I cannot know it is real until it's needed."
"It's real," Brother Vaughn said. "I was there when it was harvested, and I have seen the healing it can bring. It's real."
"Half," Kenward said, "but I pick which half."
The merchant cast Kenward a sideways glance then smiled, "Deal."
With every stone selected, the merchant acted as if he were being robbed. This was apparently not all that unusual since the guards and other merchants ignored it.
"How will Umair feed his children?" he cried.
"Hold this, Sevon," Kenward said, but Sevon did not answer. Brother Vaughn turned, but the little man was nowhere to be seen.
When Kenward had only one selection left to make, he was torn between a pretty, red stone growing out of a darker stone and a much smaller translucent stone with but a hint of green giving it color. His hand hovering near one then the other, Kenward read Umair's eyes. He grabbed the smaller greenish stone, feeling apprehensive, but Umair cried out as if he'd been assaulted. This the guards could not ignore, and they closed in on the merchant's shop.
"What's the problem, Umair? Are you being robbed again in the broad light of day?"
"This man tricked me into thinking he was an idiot, and instead he's a thief!"
"I may look dumb," Kenward said, "but it's just a disguise."
"You see? He tricked me."
"Move along," the guard said to Kenward, and Brother Vaughn sighed in relief.
"Can we go back now to see if the men are done repairing the Serpent?"
"I need some more rope," Kenward said. "The crew can't fix the ship without materials, but everything here is expensive."
"It's all imported," Brother Vaughn said.
"That's crazy," Kenward said. "Give anyone control over your food and goods, and they'll eventually use it against you."
Secretly Brother Vaughn was dreading getting back on the Serpent, but it didn't appear he was going to make any progress here on his own. The Serpent might be his only way home, which was a less-than-comforting feeling.
"For rope?" Brother Vaughn heard Kenward say and he turned. "Did you spin it out of rainbows and dragon tears?"
The merchant did not respond.
"We'll have to use what we've got," Kenward said, finally convinced to go back to the ship. It was a long and uncomfortable walk. He spent his time grumbling over the prices merchants dared ask for their goods, imported or not. Brother Vaughn knew returning to the vacuous hall where the Serpent lay on her side like a grounded whale might also mean getting another chance to see a verdant dragon up close. He hoped any he encountered would refrain from roaring at him. His hearing was just starting to return to normal.
His dreams of seeing another verdant dragon were fulfilled when they entered the hall, except this dragon was different from the rest. Jehregard stared down at Brother Vaughn, one eye more like a gemstone than eye. His mottled black and gray skin was like rock with moss and lichen growing between his mighty plates and giving him a greenish hue. There was no malice in the dragon's stance, eyes, or the energy he exuded, but he was intimidating nonetheless. One false step could kill a person, and having been stepped on by multiple horses, Brother Vaughn wasn't certain how close he wanted to get. Atop the dragon's back was a smaller version of the tierre, which could still hold ten people comfortably.
"I wonder how the old boy might feel about giving us a nudge," Kenward said.
Brother Vaughn shivered at the thought. It hadn't been Onin's verdant dragon that saved them from being dragged over the ledge, but he was certainly powerful enough to push the Serpent back into open air. What happened afterward being the true cause for concern.
Onin appeared a moment later, along with Sensi. The rotund man had been nothing but rude and seeing him was not a hopeful sign.
"Onin, my friend," Kenward said.
The older man cast him a flat glare. "What?"
"My men should soon complete the repairs needed, but my ship is now much heavier, and I was hoping I could beg a favor of you."
"What?"
"A push," Kenward said. "More of a nudge, really. Just enough to send us on our way."
"Not soon enough," Sensi said in a voice just loud enough for everyone to hear.
"Fine," Onin said.
"Are you going to the council?" Brother Vaughn asked.
The looks returned to him were cold.
"Yes," Onin said.
"May I go with you?" Brother Vaughn asked before he lost his nerve.
"That would be most appreciated," Kenward said. "I can use the extra weight."
Brother Vaughn didn't appreciate being judged by nothing but his weight, but he saw Kenward's point. Onin turned to Sensi, saying nothing.
The fat man groaned. "If you must."
Knowing his welcome was tenuous at best, Brother Vaughn did his best to fall in behind Onin, remaining silent and invisible. Jehregard continued to watch them approach.
Bryn ran out to meet Kenward. "Almost ready, sir," he said, "just need that rope and we'll be airworthy in no time."
Lying on her side and belching black smoke, the Serpent was an ominous sight. The wind socks started to reinflate, and Kenward bade them a brief farewell. "Got to go," he said. "I'll shout when I need that nudge. Be gentle, will you?"
Onin grunted.
Not a moment before Kenward reached the Serpent, Sevon appeared from within the crowds gathering to watch them depart--or perhaps just burn to cinders. There was shouting coming from aboard the ship, and flames leaped up from between the decking. Kenward, Sevon, and the rest of those not onboard raced back to the ship. Wind gusts, powerful and insistent, threatened to pull the Serpent into the open air as well as fanning the flames.
Brother Vaughn wasn't certain how pleasant his trip to the council would be, but he knew he'd made the right decision. Kenward's orders echoed through the chamber, and Jehregard added his deep baritone roar. As the Serpent moved closer to the edge, so did Kenward's voice go up in pitch. Steam poured out and black smoke engulfed the ship, leaving the crowds to gasp and wonder her fate. Jehregard moved closer before Onin could reach the agitated dragon. Every step made the stone tremble, tierre and harness rattled and popped, and the mighty beast was lowering his head when the smoke suddenly cleared. Kenward and his crew scrambled over the airship, checking lines and shouting. The same wind that cleared the smoke also dragged the Serpent from the hold.
"I think we're good," Kenward shouted just before the ship dropped from sight. The crew's screams grew distant. Brother Vaughn ran toward Jehregard, his fear outweighed by the need to know what happened to his friends. Though he was glad not to share their fate, he would never have wished them harm. Snaps, cracks, and screams echoed as he ran, and his heart pounded. Jehregard gave a great trumpeting call, but Brother Vaughn didn't know what it meant. It only added to his anxiety and confusion. When he did finally reach the edge, he managed to keep a goodly distance between himself and the agitated dragon. Peering down, the Serpent resembled a falling toy--how far it had dropped was terrifying. With full and taut wind socks, though, the ship righted herself. Trees in their wake reeled from recent impact, but Kenward's laughter could be heard even from the heights.
"That man is quite insane," Brother Vaughn said. No one argued.
"Come," Onin said, pushing him from behind. Sensi approached more slowly, but even he appeared to be moved by a sense of urgency. Jehregard extended his leg, providing an easy climb to the tierre. Onin went first and Brother Vaughn followed. Sensi offered a few choice words to the wind before doing his best to climb in a dignified fashion. When he reached the tierre, the big man was breathing hard and had to wipe the sweat from his forehead. "Tie yourselves in," Onin said.
Brother Vaughn didn't hesitate for an instant. Nothing he'd seen of flying thus far gave him any reason to believe he had the ability to stay where he was on his own. Sensi halfheartedly pulled at the too-short ropes and managed to secure himself, if just barely. Brother Vaughn couldn't help but check and recheck the knot he'd tied. He was considering untying it and retying it to make it more secure when Jehregard issued another deafening call, one Brother Vaughn could feel in the seat of his pants even when he held his hands over his ears.
A cold feeling unsettled his stomach, but Jehregard proved his skill. Extending his wings, the dragon left the cold stone without any noticeable sensation to those aboard. Seemingly without moving a muscle, the verdant dragon sailed into the open air as smoothly as could be. Brother Vaughn breathed a deep sigh of relief and wiped sweat from his own forehead. Sensi gave him a disgusted look.
No sooner had Jehregard executed a turn than shouting from within the mountain hold began. One word rang through the air, "Thief!"
Sensi cast an accusing glare at Brother Vaughn, who shrugged and turned his hands palm up.
"Go back," Sensi said.
"Why?" Onin asked, surprising Brother Vaughn.
"Because something has been stolen, and it's possible the thief is aboard," Sensi said without looking at Brother Vaughn.
"Did you steal anything?" Onin asked Brother Vaughn, turning to look over his shoulder.
"No."
"He didn't do it," Onin said.
"You're just going to believe him?" Sensi asked, incensed.
"My tierre, my rules," Onin said, and their course did not change.
"This is why the lord chancellor doesn't trust you," Sensi said.
Brother Vaughn shrank into the padded chair and checked his knot once again. Roars echoed from the heights. A pair of full-sized verdant dragons gained the skies, their huge tierres bristling with activity. Like war on wings, they instilled fear.
As if guessing his thoughts, Sensi said, "There'll be more."
"It will take them time," Onin said. "The great oafs are too big to be nimble. That is, after all, why you are aboard, is it not? Do you wish to try to have one of those beasts land amid the keys? I think you would never come back. I am no thief, you are no thief, and the monk is no thief. We fly. Let them chase the airship; there they will find fools and thieves alike."
It was the most Brother Vaughn had ever heard Onin speak, and he turned to Sensi, who appeared annoyed but otherwise calm. Something about that bothered him, but he didn't get the chance to reason it out.
"Hold on," Onin said. "The ride may get a little bumpy."
In the next instant, clouds engulfed them, and Jehregard's smooth flight was anything but. Sensi was holding the ropes with white knuckles. Brother Vaughn did the same. Ropes were small comfort when the bottom dropped out.

* * *

Convincing Kendra to leave Gerhonda wasn't something within Sinjin's power, which left him going to the council alone. There would be advantages, but he had to admit he would be vulnerable. It wasn't something he liked to admit, but there was a time and place for foolishness, as his mother had always said. Sometimes he thought of her in the past tense, which made it easier to cope--easier to avoid slipping around Kendra or anyone else. She had never accepted his reasons for not searching for his mother's saddle. Perhaps the greatest reason to think about his mother in the past tense was to keep his anger at bay. He'd been deprived of a mother, though she still lived. He'd been deprived of an honest relationship with his wife. The guilt wore on him, and he blamed his mother for swearing him to silence, especially with regard to Kendra. What was he supposed to do? It was a question threatening his sanity.
Seeing the shallows in the distance added to the sense of urgency. He needed to have his words sorted out before he and Kendra next spoke. He loved her and didn't want to hurt her, but he could not give in this time. Valterius snorted and dipped low over the water, knowing their destination was near. Pillars loomed above saltbark trees, and soon the channel through which the Slippery Eel once sailed would come into view. Sinjin had never seen the place, and it was like having something from a fairy tale materialize before you. He knew the stories his mother had told him were all true, but they had never felt like the real truth. He'd been unable to visualize such things as exploding mountains. Yet before them was the remains of a towering peak, as if a god had cleaved it with a mighty ax.
Valterius soared lower and Sinjin was thrown forward as they slowed. With a triumphant cry, Valterius thrust skyward, a glittering silver and green fish in his claws. More splashes followed as the Drakon fished, and Sinjin was glad for it. They all needed rest. While the dragons fed, the Drakon could prepare a more palatable meal than raw fish. When his mother told him about this place, he had dreamed of swimming in such magical waters. Tales of giant sharks gave him pause. By the size of the fish the dragons pulled from the waters, ample food existed to support predators.
When they reached the pillars carved with visages of madness and faded over eons, the winds were still, so Valterius could not do what Kyrien had done and hover within the pillars. Instead, the dragon had to land on a saltbark tree. As soon as he landed, a stiff wind blew, nearly knocking Valterius from the tree. It was the only way the dragons could stay dry in the place without landing on the mountain itself. He felt bad for treating the trees poorly, but he could not bring himself to camp in a place where a mountain had once exploded. The pillars were close enough, and he didn't expect to stay long. The Drakon could feed their dragons and return to Windhold when they were rested. He would leave for the Keys of Terhilian with or without Kendra.
She and Gerhonda perched nearby. "Do we really have to sit here like so many blackbirds? Why not camp on the land surrounding the mountain?"
"The mountain gives me the crawls," Sinjin said.
"It already blew up. What are you afraid of?"
"It feels like it wants to explode again."
Kendra made no response to those words and remained quiet while climbing down from Gerhonda's back. The dragon remained saddled but could eat more comfortably without Kendra's weight on her back. Sinjin slid down as well and settled on a low branch, careful not to crush the leaves. Valterius had already destroyed sections of the tree's precious foliage, but there was nothing to be done except try to do no more harm.
"So you're going alone?" Kendra said from her own branch.
"I didn't say that," Sinjin snapped in response.
"You didn't have to. I won't fight you, but I'll never forgive you if you don't come back."
"It'd be better if you went with me," Sinjin said.
"You said only one dragon."
"I did."
"Then we will ride Gerhonda?"
"No."
Silence.
Sinjin expected a number of things, but he had not expected to hear his wife crying. It was not something he could abide, not at his word or his action. Slipping into the cold water, despite knowing the danger, he faced his fears to reach her.
"I'm sorry," Sinjin said. "I didn't want to make you cry."
"I can't leave her," Kendra said, a catch in her voice.
"Then I'll go alone."
"No," Kendra said. "That's not an option."
Pulling himself from the water and onto the branch where he could put his wet but, he hoped, comforting arm around her.
She leaned against him. "I know you're right about only one dragon," she said. "But going alone is too risky. You need a good sword at your back. But I cannot send Gerhonda back to the Firstland."
Sinjin sighed and thought for a while before saying anything else. His wife wasn't being unreasonable, yet she still managed to be impossible. At times such as these, a man must think fast. "Then we'll achieve both. You and I will fly to the council on Valterius, and Gerhonda will remain nearby but concealed."
Kendra said nothing and instead kissed him on the cheek. Sliding one hand up the back of her neck, he turned and kissed her in a manner she could not ignore. Gerhonda snorted.

* * *

Despite knowing where Onin and Jehregard were going, no verdants awaited them when at the Keys of Terhilian. Brother Vaughn breathed a tentative sigh of relief; at least he would not have to live the nightmare of facing angry verdant dragons. These beasts could tear down mountains if they so chose. He had no interest in seeing them fight one of their own. He'd seen what they and those in their tierres could do in times of war. It was something that still haunted his dreams, though he'd admit it to no one.
Jehregard landed not far from where the oversized table would be placed. The table would come by ship from the Greatland, and Jehregard would most likely be asked to hoist the heavy table from the barge onto shore. It was a service Onin said the dragon was happy to provide. Brother Vaughn was glad for Onin. Though he was gruff and opinionated, he was a great deal more pleasant to talk to than Sensi. Brother Vaughn got the distinct impression his very presence offended the fat man, and he couldn't wait to be away from him. It was something he had done nothing to deserve, which raised his ire. 
"Mids," Onin said pointing. A tall ship moved under full sail. It was indeed a Midlands ship.
Not long after the ship was spotted, Brother Vaughn scanned the horizon and saw a dragon approaching. Shielding his eyes from the blinding sunlight, he saw a single dragon with two riders. Storm clouds still gathered along the horizon, and the shifting clouds played tricks on his eyes.
"Dragon riders," he said, pointing.
"And Greatlanders," Onin added.
The atmosphere grew heavier and thicker with the new arrivals. Tension fouled the air. Longboats had been dropped from the Midlands ship, and the barge was being assembled alongside the Greatlanders' ship. Sinjin and Kendra were visible as the dragon grew closer, and Brother Vaughn had the nagging feeling more dragons were near. Valterius landed not far from Jehregard, and the two dragons greeted each other. It was difficult to tell if it was an amicable greeting since all dragon greetings sounded alike to Brother Vaughn, which was odd given how many bird songs he could identify and imitate. It was something to which he decided he would someday devote more time.
"Hello, Brother Vaughn," Sinjin said as he approached. "Hello, Onin and Sensi."
Onin grunted in response, and Sensi gave Sinjin a brief nod but made no other attempt to communicate. Brother Vaughn offered a brief hug and whispered, "Good luck."
In keeping with the treaty, two people came to shore from the Midlands, though more longboats waited nearby. It was a clear sign of doubt and fear. Brother Vaughn didn't like how this was starting. If only the rest would arrive and they could get this over with. The whole thing made his guts churn.
The barge's arrival was a good distraction, and it gave the gathered people a common sense of purpose. Though the Midlands delegation offered no help, they did watch the proceedings with an approving eye. Jehregard performed his customary service as a living crane and took the ropes in his monstrous jaws and moved the oversized table to the beach. Only two people from any delegation were permitted on the shore at one time. Other delegations pitched in by carrying chairs from the barge to the table. Participating lowered walls the Midlands delegation had built up around themselves.
Light conversation was just beginning between Sinjin and the man Brother Vaughn thought was Lord Bercheron. Some cast Brother Vaughn curious glances, most likely since the Cathurans had negotiated their own seat on this council, and he wasn't certain if more of his order would be in attendance. His standing with the order was questionable, and he didn't want to cause a fuss at such an important meeting. He just couldn't keep himself away. If it was a problem, he would allow himself to be taken to Jharmin Kyte's ship. Lord Kyte had just arrived now that his men were no longer needed to transport the table and chairs. With him came not his wife but Madra of Far Rossing. Madra was a good woman, but she was prone to bickering, and that was not what this council needed, though Jharmin's wife was no wilting flower either.
Nat Dersinger's ship dropped anchor not long after. Only Trinda and Allette were missing. No one expected Allette to come, but Trinda had historically come and managed to confuse everyone one way or another. Given the rumors of the two queens' colluding, the anticipation grew even more palpable.
With most of the council members seated, conversation grew more organized and intense.
"I'm not certain how long we should wait," Jharmin said. "Neither Trinda nor Allette has responded to the invitations sent. I don't hold much hope of them coming, myself."
"Perhaps that is for the best," Lord Bercheron said. "This will give us a chance to discuss what to do about them."
"As long as they keep to themselves," Jharmin said, "I say we do nothing."
"That's because you don't share a border with either of them," Lord Bercheron said. "Every day those ferals reproduce and grow is another day closer to war, and what if they are better prepared this time? Better to stomp them out of existence while they're still weak."
Sensi and Onin nodded in agreement, and Brother Vaughn did not like the direction the conversation was taking.
"I understand your concerns," Jharmin said, "but I can commit no resources to attacking Allette without leaving us open to attack from the Godfist."
"And we would be caught in the middle . . . again," Nat Dersinger said.
Ahem.
Brother Vaughn wasn't certain he had heard something at first, but then he heard it again.
Ahem.
This time everyone heard, and all those seated at the council table craned their necks. Nestled high in the rocks, sat Trinda Hollis, the child queen. She'd been there the entire time. Trinda waited for silence. "Any act of aggression against my ally, Allette, the one the people call the Black Queen of the Jaga, will be considered an act of war against the Godfist and against me, personally. My friend thought perhaps we should solve all of our problems today. She said if all the snakes put their heads in one place, draw your blade."
Outrage shone on faces around the table, and Kendra Volker stood ready for a fight.
"I told her snakes could be beautiful and have their purposes. Good snakes keep the rats away. Only those who dare enter the master's house need lose their heads. So be good snakes and keep your heads. Make a move toward myself or Allette, and feel our sting."
Jharmin Kyte stood with clenched fists on the table. Gold-tipped, green flames crept over his hands.
"Mind your manners, Greatlander," Trinda said. "Your people couldn't take the Godfist when you had the ferals on your side. How do you think you'll fare with them at your backs?"
"This is a violation of the council charter!" Lord Bercheron said.
"Actually it isn't," Trinda said. "I've read the charter. And while the fact that you did not previously note my presence is not a violation of the charter, those are." She said, pointing out to sea.
An angry roar built among those gathered as they saw the fleet of warships gathered on the horizon. Blades left sheaths and Kendra stood ready to defend Sinjin. Lord Bercheron's eyes narrowed as he regarded Trinda. Jharmin Kyte appeared ready to blast them all, and yet Trinda exuded cold calm.
Distant cries reached out across the water, and Brother Vaughn could soon make out the familiar curses. Bursting from the clouds, the Serpent left them roiling in her wake. Moments later, the clouds burst apart; three massive verdant dragons emerging in pursuit.
"Ambush!" Jharmin Kyte shouted.
Those on the shoreline moved away from the council table. Trinda alone remained where she was, smiling like the cat that caught the bird.

Chapter 3
Within the deepest darkness, the light shines most brightly.
--Gemino, sorcerer and artist

* * *


Sinjin took two steps backward, running into Kendra, who held her ground. It felt good knowing she was there, protecting him and allowing him to protect her. He wished he had violated the charter and brought the Staff of Life or Koe with him, but he was not defenseless. The staff and Koe had helped him gain access to his power, but he did not need them to glean at least a small amount from the air around him. Comets in abundance helped in that regard, though they made his powerful enemies even more powerful. This was among the best arguments he'd heard and had even repeated with regard to attacking Allette while she and the ferals were still weak. Now that would mean war with the Godfist, and he could think of nothing he'd like less.
When Jharmin turned to him, flames still dancing along his aging but still muscular form, Sinjin offered up his open palms. "Prepare to defend yourself, Nephew," Jharmin said. "My boat will be here soon. You should be away from here."
"Yes," Trinda said from above them. "You should be away. Fly back to your rock. You don't want to be here when my ships arrive."
With a glance over his shoulder, Sinjin saw Onin and Sensi climbing aboard Jehregard. Brother Vaughn was left standing with his arms extended, his plea ignored. Sand and debris soon filled the air and caused Brother Vaughn to retreat into his robes. Valterius cried out and Sinjin pushed Kendra in his direction. All the while, the Serpent drew closer. Black smoke billowed from the chimstack accompanied by a high-pitched whine. The ship moved with more speed than he would have guessed. It was amazing it flew at all, let alone over great distances. There were things about the Serpent he didn't understand, but he doubted Kenward would give up his secrets.
"Get them off my tail!" Kenward screamed as they passed. Free of the clouds, it wouldn't take long for the verdants to chase down the Serpent, no matter how nimble she was. Kenward executed a daring move, circling back. Sinjin was mounted before the ship passed the beach a second time. Kendra was climbing up behind him when another dragon appeared atop the cliffs. Gerhonda issued a challenging call and swooped toward Kendra. Before she reached the beach, though, she passed the child queen. With a single sweep of her tail, Gerhonda sent Trinda tumbling to the sand. Though she landed on her feet, Trinda had fire in her eyes. The air stank of power; it washed over those who remained in waves.
"Any harm to her will come twice to you," Kendra growled the ancient warning, standing her ground before Trinda.
The child queen smiled. "You're a pretty little snake. Fly away."
Verdants circled overhead. Trinda's warships drew ever closer. Without taking her gaze off Trinda, Kendra mounted. The child queen rewarded her with a goading smile.
"Brother Vaughn!" Sinjin shouted.
The man ran toward Valterius.
"Grab my hand!" came a shout from behind. Brother Vaughn turned to see the Serpent approaching and Kenward reaching out for him.
Brother Vaughn continued to run to Valterius and did not look back.
Nat Dersinger's shouts were the last thing Sinjin heard before leaving the keys behind.
"There will be blood and fire!"

* * *

The Serpent flew toward clouds gathering in the east, and there was nothing Sinjin and Valterius along with Kendra and Gerhonda could do about the verdant dragons still flying in pursuit. All he could do was wish his friends speed and luck. Brother Vaughn clung to him. The prayers he uttered were not for his own safety but that of the madman and his crew. Sinjin had sailed with Kenward but not aboard the Serpent; doing so took a special kind of madman.
"Do these two dragons seem like too much of a show of strength now?" Kendra asked the wind, not looking at him.
"Say you were wrong," Brother Vaughn whispered.
Biting his lip, Sinjin had to think about it for a minute. "I was wrong."
Kendra just harrumphed and continued to look anywhere but at him.
"You took too long," Brother Vaughn whispered.
"Way too long," Kendra said, and she wheeled Gerhonda to one side, ending the conversation.
"Thanks," Sinjin said.
"I was just trying to help," Brother Vaughn said.
"I know," Sinjin said. Kendra was right. All his optimism and seeing the good in people couldn't make it so. People given the opportunities for quarrel will eventually find a reason to do so. He had never wanted to believe it, but fate was proving it true. "I'm not certain the Council of the Known Lands will meet again."
Brother Vaughn offered no argument. Kendra assumed the lead position, which annoyed Sinjin, but he let it go. At some point in the future, he would have to nicely remind her he was Al'Drakon. It wasn't purely his ego that required this; it was responsibility to the Drakon and the Dragon Clan as a whole. They needed him to be strong and in charge. Anything otherwise confused and agitated them. Kendra knew this but when she wanted to be spiteful, dominating him was her preferred revenge.
Fortunately for Sinjin, he was not alone, and Valterius would tolerate only so much. Before they came within view of the hold, Sinjin's dragon swung to one side and gained altitude. Without warning, he dived, gaining speed and bringing his bulk directly over top of Kendra and Gerhonda. Kendra's dragon issued a petulant call and gave way, allowing Valterius to lead. Sinjin couldn't help smiling for what Valterius had done, but he also knew he'd bear the blame for his dragon's actions.
Behind him, Brother Vaughn fidgeted.
"What are you doing?" he asked, made uncomfortable by Brother Vaughn's twisting and turning in his seat.
"I'm sorry," Brother Vaughn said. "I think I've lost something important to me."
"Your cube?" Sinjin asked.
Brother Vaughn hesitated before answering. "Yes," he said after a long moment. "I must've lost it during the flight with Onin. I love dragons--don't misunderstand me--but I might be happier observing them from the ground."
Sinjin understood his sentiment, but he'd begun to overcome his fears and feel more at home in the saddle. Nowhere else did he have the freedom he did flying with Valterius, and nowhere else was he more powerful. Comet light bathed him in power, and though he might never achieve Trinda's or Allette's abilities, he was no longer powerless. It was something he was still getting accustomed to. For much of his life, he'd been passive, trying to stay in the background and avoid a fight. He still didn't like conflict and prevented violence whenever possible, but he was no longer afraid. He was no longer powerless. These things he reiterated and reminded himself as Windhold came into view.
Behind him, Brother Vaughn said a prayer as wind gusts tossed them about. Valterius wasn't bothered by such things, and Sinjin was growing accustomed. Brother Vaughn was pale and trembling. Sinjin patted Valterius on the neck and did his best to ask his mighty steed for a smooth landing. Though his dragon couldn't possibly read his thoughts, he was surprised when Valterius landed as gently as he ever remembered, and he had to wonder just how much the dragon did understand.
Durin rushed out to meet them, and the dragon was all too happy to be returned to Durin's care. It took Brother Vaughn a moment to dismount and Sinjin empathized; his own thighs hurt, and his stiff muscles resisted his commands. Time in the saddle took its toll, and Sinjin walked slowly as he went to where Kendra stood. Brother Vaughn wisely stayed with Durin.
"You could've gotten us both killed," Kendra said.
"You're right," Sinjin admitted.
"Well, it took you long enough to figure that out. And if I hadn't insisted on bringing Gerhonda, where would Brother Vaughn be?"
Sinjin had no answer.
"No more illusions and wishes. Just real truth," Kendra continued with conviction. The Drakon watched her in a way that made Sinjin think she should be Al'Drakon. He flushed. "War is coming and we must prepare. We need to firm our allegiances and monitor our enemy's activities. There can be no other way."
"I agree," Sinjin said, soft but firm.
"And how are you going to do that? What, exactly, are you going to do?"
"I don't know," he said.
"Yes, you do," Kendra said, coiled like a snake ready to strike him. Sinjin steeled himself and prepared for the onslaught. "You've known all along. You just won't tell me what it is. You don't trust me enough to share your secret. How can any of us trust you when you don't trust us?"
It wasn't fair, he thought, knowing it was childish, but that failed to banish his anger. "Durin!" he shouted. The hold went silent.
"What?" Durin called, peering out from underneath a wing.
"Saddle Valterius!"
"But I just got it off of him!"
"Do it!" Sinjin commanded. Others moved to assist Durin. He didn't need the help, but neither did he turn it away. Valterius flicked his tail, but he tended to behave a little better when other people were around him. Sinjin generally found this amusing, but anger kept the smile from forming. His anger was mostly with someone who wasn't present, and he did what he could to control it. From Durin he accepted his staff and Koe. Kendra stood watching him with her hands on her hips. She'd said nothing since his outburst, which was probably for the best.
With Valterius saddled, Sinjin climbed aboard. Now Kendra raised an eyebrow. After inserting the ancient staff in its holder, he reached down and offered Kendra a hand up. She made a rude noise and walked back to Gerhonda. The minutes spent in the saddle waiting for Kendra were uncomfortable. There was little doubt Kendra kept him waiting longer than necessary just out of spite. At least she was preparing to go with him. It was enough. 
"What happened?" Durin asked.
"The council meeting did not go well," Sinjin said.
"I figured as much."
"Trinda and Allette are aligned, and Trinda's warships ambushed the council."
Durin's eyes bulged.
"And then the Serpent arrived."
"At the council?" Durin asked. "I thought he wasn't supposed to get anywhere near there."
"He wasn't," Sinjin said, "but you know Kenward; tell him he can't do something, and that's just what he'll do."
"In his defense," Brother Vaughn said, "three verdant dragons were chasing him."
"There was that," Sinjin conceded.
"Maybe I should have left it at 'the council meeting did not go well,'" Durin said.
Kendra brought Gerhonda to stand behind Valterius, a clear rebuke for the flight in. Sinjin did his best not to prolong the display. Valterius moved back toward the skies. He cast one unhappy glance back at Sinjin before leaping into the air. Gerhonda followed an instant later, and they soon flew side by side.
"Are you going to tell me what this is about?" Kendra asked after a long silence.
"You want to know everything, so I'm going to show you everything."
"It's about time."
"This isn't a matter to be taken lightly," Sinjin said. Kendra made a show of acting apologetic. Sinjin refused to look at her. No matter how he wished the flight to be over, they had enormous distances to cover. There was nothing to be done but fly with all the speed the dragons could muster.

* * *

Deep within Dragonhold, time was nearly meaningless. Sleep threatened two men unaccustomed to sentry duties. Most who guarded the child queen had been selected for their strengths, for their ability to protect Trinda should the need arise. For others, however, it was sometimes their weaknesses that served her best. Neither guard standing watch over Trinda would be much use in a fight. Keen eyesight they did not possess, nor the sharpest hearing. What they did have were voices loud enough to summon more capable men stationed not far away.
No matter how bright the room, given the many herald globes resting in various holders, these men should not be able to see the object holding Trinda's attention. It had been Trinda who discovered the herald globes' more deadly properties, yet she felt most safe when surrounded by them and bathed in their light. The holders bore Strom's mark, and no one could deny Catrin and Osbourne's artistry in creating the globes, but those barely mattered. 
Before her rested an ancient scroll, rotted and discolored with age. The words were largely illegible and their forms archaic, so much so that Trinda had to squint at them. The one with illuminated illustrations, however, made clear Dragonhold's true nature and power. A smile spread across Trinda's face, but she started like a guilty child at the sound of approaching boots. Some secrets must be kept even from those closest to her, and Trinda scrambled to conceal the disintegrating scroll without further damaging it.
Finally, her life had true purpose. Finally, she understood why she had been made to suffer so, why the dark men had come. Surviving what they'd done to her had made her stronger, the things they'd asked of her had prepared her well for the challenges she'd already faced, and her greatest struggles lay ahead. Trinda Hollis would not be a martyr; she was too smart for that. The child queen would instead change the world.
She heard not a word uttered by those who'd come to brief her, and they clearly did not understand when her inner smile refused to remain hidden. 

* * *

"Are you sure you don't want to just tell me?" Kendra asked. "Maybe you could save us the rest of this flight to nowhere. You could've mentioned we were going to the other end of the world."
Sinjin remained silent, unable to find the words. His mother had made him promise not to tell; she hadn't made him promise never to bring Kendra to her. He wasn't breaking his promise to her, but still he felt guilty. Valterius and Gerhonda sometimes slept while they flew, which made Sinjin too nervous to sleep. He and Kendra drank from the clouds and ate from the stores in their saddles. Their flight back from Terhilian had taxed their supplies, but the Drakon practice of storing extra food, herbs, and fluids within the saddle had proven wise. It had already served the Drakon well. Kendra had been the first to have been blown far off course by storms when on patrol. Sand bars and islands could sometimes be found, but the Drakon had learned it was best to be over prepared and to be as self-sufficient as possible when in the air.
"Really?" Kendra would ask every now and then as they continued to fly over near endless waters. Valterius flew based on Sinjin's general sense of direction, which he communicated through his knees. The dragon was extraordinarily well behaved, and Sinjin wasn't certain why, but he wasn't going to argue. 
"Really?"
Even knowing she was incensed, Sinjin kept his head down and mouth shut. He wasn't certain of the Black Spike's location, but he knew they were getting closer. Kendra would just have to wait a little longer for the answers she sought. Then it appeared, little more than a dark spot on the horizon. The instant it came into view, Sinjin could feel it, tingling and pulling at him, at the same time making his instincts scream for flight.
"You're not taking us there, are you?" Kendra asked, seeing the lone structure rising from deep seas, the only solid thing visible in any direction.
Not trusting his voice, Sinjin remained silent. Their path pointed unerringly toward the Black Spike. Waves assaulted the fortress on one side, deep blue mountains capped in white slammed into stacked basalt stone. Somehow the unlikely fortress withstood the force, leaving huge troughs on the opposite side. Kendra kept silent as they drew closer.
Sinjin guided Valterius to hover before the Black Spike, despite feeling a nearly irresistible urge to leave. "Let us in!" he yelled despite his better judgment. "Let us in!"
Nothing happened except wind gusts pushing Valterius away from the fortress.
"What is it, Sinjin?" Kendra pleaded, emotion coloring her voice. "Who is it? What have you been hiding from me?"
Anger burned within Sinjin. He hadn't asked for this. He could see no more reason to withhold this from his wife. It had been vastly unfair for his mother to ask this of him. It was a burden he could no longer bear. Using his pent-up emotion, he attacked the waters around the Black Spike. His attack was unimpressive, resulting in no visible effect.
Somehow, Kendra must have perceived it. "Sinjin, no!" she said.
He'd come too far. He'd let his anger grow to a conflagration, and he needed to release it before it consumed him. Using what his mother had taught him, he looked at the problem from a different angle. Was there a way to use nature to his advantage? It took a moment before he realized there was.
With each towering wave crashing into the fortress, driven by the growing wind, deep depressions were created. These alone came close to revealing the entrance. If he were to add his energy to the wind and push even larger waves into the stronghold, it might be easier than trying to pull the water out of the way. Dragging in a deep breath, he drew energy from the Staff of Life, Koe, and the now frigid air around them.
"Stop, Sinjin! Please, stop. I don't need to know. We can go home now!"
Her words were lost to him. Comets whispered of their power, enticing him. The energy flowed through him as he had always wished it would; only it didn't feel at all like he'd imagined it. Drawing the air toward them, he fed the waves and made them taller, stronger, and more devastating when they struck the fortress. The mighty monolith swayed in concert with the waves.
Then he saw the entrance and pointed. Kendra looked back as if he were crazy; then she shrugged and urged Gerhonda downward.
"No!" Sinjin screamed, knowing the entrance was not yet clear enough to safely traverse. Much more had been visible when he and Valterius had last been there; right after his mother had made him swear to never tell anyone she still lived. Gerhonda showed her courage by swooping into the blackness only slightly darker than the obsidian stone surrounding it. Sinjin waited. Valterius was poised to follow, and he dived before Sinjin was ready. A monstrous wave crashed on the Black Spike just before Valterius thrust himself toward the still emerging portal. Cold overwhelmed all other sensations. Valterius swam deeper at the same time the water receded. The dragon swam as quickly as he could, knowing the water would return with deadly force. It roared up behind them, slamming cold air against Sinjin's back. They were thrust upward toward jagged stone formations, which supported the dock and stairs above.
Narrowly avoiding lethal and unforgiving stone, Valterius and Sinjin broke the surface a moment later. He sputtered and gasped for breath. Kendra sat on the dock next to Gerhonda; neither appeared pleased.
"Were you trying to kill yourself?" Sinjin asked before he could think better of it.
"You pointed at the entrance," Kendra said. "Far be it from me to disobey your orders."
"That certainly wasn't an order," Sinjin said, but he was cut off by a deep and guttural growl that made Sinjin's bones vibrate.
"You are not welcome here," a voice deeper than his mother's usual voice said. It was louder and more powerful than any human voice alone. "You have come uninvited."
"I cannot keep this boiling secret any longer!" Sinjin cried. "I have kept my word, and I've told no one. But I can put my wife off no longer. She deserves to know, and I deserve a life without secrets. It's tearing us apart."
The silence was heavy with anxiety. Kendra showed signs of shock, realizations, perhaps even regret. "I don't need to know," Kendra said. "I'm sorry. I didn't understand."
Again the deep growling made Sinjin's teeth hurt, even in the following silence. It was a trial of the soul. He wanted to give his wife the respect she deserved and still be a good son; that last thought hurt physically. No one wanted to be a bad son or daughter, but all felt that shame at some point or another. For Sinjin, it was intensified. He knew there would be consequences. He didn't know yet what they would be, but the world was falling apart anyway. How could this make things any worse?
"Kendra must know," he said. "She must know what it took to make me keep secrets from her. Too much has happened, to many feelings hurt because I made a promise I shouldn't have made."
"No, Sinjin. Stop. Please don't," Kendra said. "I'm so sorry. I could not see your pain."
"This ends now," he said, more determined about this than anything he'd ever done in his life. Though he hated to stand up to his mother, she needed to respect his marriage.
"He's right," came his mother's voice, and the sound of it made him cry. So many emotions washed over him as she spoke, he could only weep. "I asked you to keep my most precious secret. It was too much to ask; I knew it when I asked it of you. There is a kind heart in you, and I do not fault you, but I had hoped you would last a while longer.
"How did you survive?" Kendra asked Catrin, her face gone pale.
"Kyrien and the feral queen mated. It was a violent affair. It took quick thinking and ingenuity to keep me from drowning but we survived."
"I'm sorry," Kendra whispered, not looking at Sinjin.
"Is it enough?" Catrin asked, looking pointedly at Kendra, who shrank under the Herald's glare. "The less you know, the less dangerous you are to me. By coming here, you've already risked much."
"War is coming," Sinjin said. "Trinda and Allette have allied themselves and threatened the Council of the Known Lands."
"I know," Catrin said. "All the more reason you shouldn't be here. You risk everything I've done."
"I'm sorry," Sinjin said, guilt replacing his rage. "Come with us," he finally said. His heart would never forgive him if he didn't ask.
Pain flashed in Catrin's eyes. "I can't."
"What do you mean, you can't?" Sinjin asked, his voice involuntarily taking on a whining quality even he hated.
"Don't make me tell you why. It's bad enough I've had to reveal this much. You will both just have to trust me. Can you do that?"
"Yes," Kendra said with a sniff.
Sinjin took longer to respond. "I want my mom back."
"I would come with you if I could but I cannot. Forgive me, my son," Catrin said, her voice wavering.
Sinjin turned back to Valterius with unshed tears in his eyes, the strength of his soul all that held them back.
"I've always been there with you, my son, even if you could not see me."
The look Sinjin gave her made it clear he didn't want to hear her words.
"Think back and you'll know my actions, for I am the wind."
There were no more words spoken before Catrin raised her hands and with the full power of the true Herald of Istra, she held back the raging seas and provided an opening large enough to fly through. Valterius wasted no time, and Gerhonda touched the tip of his tail, she followed so closely. Both clearly remembered their entrance into the Black Spike. Once clear, the waters rushed back in to fill the void, and his mother was once more lost to him. He was no closer to understanding why. "I'm sorry," were the only words he could find.
"So am I," Kendra said. "So am I."

Chapter 4
Suffer the young. They know not yet their ignorance and frailty.
--Madra of Far Rossing

* * *

Within Dragonhold, it was easy to forget the outside world existed. News barely penetrated the mountain fortress and Trinda's security. Even if it did get inside, most news traveled slowly and to only those the source trusted. Some talkative folks disappeared. Strom didn't believe the stories offered. Certainly people could fall into the river and be swept out, but it stretched the imagination, especially since those missing did not work near the river. Dragonhold was the largest single hold on all of Godsland, and people did not just end up somewhere they didn't belong for no reason.
Sitting across from him, Osbourne grimaced. "I had hoped things would one day get better. If I listened just to what Trinda told us, I'd think they had, but the word from the Vestrana continues to be nothing but grim. I almost feel bad staying in here."
"I know," Strom said, checking over his shoulder, wanting to be certain they were alone. Those words in the wrong ears could get people killed.
"I miss Cat," Osbourne continued. "She might not have always known what to do, but she always managed to decide on something and set the course. Now I spend half my time trying to figure out if I'm doing the wrong things."
Strom just grunted and picked at a metal splinter lodged under his skin. He barely felt it, his hands desensitized by his profession. Swinging a hammer and beating metal into shape had its benefits, his powerful muscles among them, but there were also drawbacks. He'd been told his hands were as smooth as a cat's tongue, which was not something all ladies could overlook. Working with glass had left Osbourne with hands not much better though less rough.
Finally Martik arrived, slipping into Strom's chambers. There was plenty of room, but the engineer pulled a stool close. "Had to circle back twice," he said. "Kept running into people. It's unlikely Chase will make it."
Strom and Osbourne both nodded, knowing it was better not to give anyone reason to watch them more closely than they already were. Trinda knew they were loyal to Catrin, and they, along with many others in the hold, were surreptitiously watched.
"Things outside are happening fast," Strom said. "I'm betting Sinjin needs a smith, a glassmaker, and an engineer."
"You always were one to get straight to the point," Martik said.
"I don't think I'll be all that much help in either case," Osbourne said. "Not much glass can do to help."
"You undervalue your skills," Martik countered.
Osbourne didn't respond.
"The only thing keeping me here are the wonders of this keep," Strom said. "There's more here than meets the eye, and she's up to something. Not sure what yet, but she's downplaying this. I can tell by the way she watches."
"What are you working on, anyway, Martik?" Osbourne asked.
"No one is allowed to speak of it, so don't say anything of this to anyone," Martik said.
Osbourne gave him a look indicating that was obvious.
"There's a stone wheel as tall as fifty horses standing on top of one another, and perhaps just as wide, though we can only see one side of it; the rest is embedded in the mountain itself."
"And?" Strom asked.
"Beyond the fact that I can't figure out how it was made, I cannot imagine what purpose such a gigantic mechanism could serve. I know this wheel is not part of what made the keep move and hasn't budged for perhaps thousands of years. That's what she wants me to fix."
"So you're fixing a machine you don't understand so it can fulfill its purpose, which you also don't understand. Sounds like a great idea. What could go wrong?"
"I know it sounds crazy, but I'm pretty sure Trinda knows exactly what this thing does, and I'm betting she's counting on it for something. I just don't know what."
"Can you sabotage it?" Strom asked.
"Not easily," Martik said. "This thing can take anything I can throw at it. The best way to keep it nonfunctional would be to never try to fix it. She's watching, though, and I don't think it would take long for her to catch on."
"It's not worth the risk," Strom said. "Maybe the best way to keep it from being fixed would be to remove you from the equation."
"It would buy you some time," Martik said. "But I've already had to explain to my best men how to get the job done. They're down there working on it as we speak."
"Still," Strom said. "You're the real brains behind it. Without you, they are bound to be delayed at the very least." It was clear Martik was reluctant to leave, and Strom was intrigued by what possible purpose this mechanism could serve. Knowing Trinda was trying to hide her interest made him think fixing it would be a huge mistake. The child queen had proven a capable leader, and her edicts were mostly palatable, but they were edicts nonetheless. The fact that the news from the outside world was so different from what the people of the Godfist were being told by Trinda and those loyal to her was reason enough to have doubts. "How long until you can be ready to go, Osbo?"
"Glass doesn't travel well," Osbourne said. "I can be ready within an hour."
Strom nodded, his friend was nothing if not practical.
"How long until you can be ready, Martik?"
"I could leave straight from this meeting with a clear conscience," Martik said.
"Good," Strom said. "I think the time has--" The rest of the sentence never left his lips. A mighty banging at the door made all three jump from their chairs. After taking a moment to breathe and gather his wits, Strom moved to the door. Osbourne and Martik did what they could to appear normal, but that somehow made their guilt and anxiety even more obvious. There was nothing to be done about it, as the determined banging rang out once again. "What is it?" Strom asked when he opened the door, trying to act angry rather than afraid.
"We've come for the engineer," said a deep voice, and the plumed helm of Trinda's elite guards preceded a face Martik recognized. Keenan was a good man but entirely devoted to Trinda and entirely too proficient with his weapons. There would be no leaving now--at least not yet.
"We'll have to finish our game another time," Martik said to Strom and Osbourne before following Keenan and another guard away from Strom's quarters.
"That went well," Osbourne said.

* * *

Dragonhold had been in the dark for eons until Trinda Hollis arrived. Benjin and Wendel may have rediscovered the fortress, and Catrin began cleaning her up, but Martik knew it was Trinda Hollis who breathed life back into this magnificent hold. For that reason, he could not fully dislike the girl. She had done some positive and amazing things, and had recently taken mercy on Master Edling by allowing him to leave his cell. Any threat he posed was long gone, and Martik wasn't certain how much of a kindness she had granted the man, but at least he was free from his cell. It had to be an improvement, except that many would be given their chance to seek vengeance.
Behind him stood a slope made from an uncountable number of hewn stones. High above, the mound stretched from valley wall to valley wall, forming a sort of bridge, which Sinjin, Brother Vaughn, and Trinda had used to escape the demons years before. A giant's bones had been found not far from where Martik stood. They had been picked clean. The light had chased many things away or left them to die without their favored darkness. Much of the hold was still dark, and Martik suspected there were things hiding in the shadows. It gave him the crawls.
Amber crystals, far larger than any natural specimen he'd ever seen, shed a jaundiced light on the immense stone wheel he faced. Around the wheel was a city created in a way no one could guess. There were no straight lines--anywhere. The place was all curves, imitating nature's gracefulness and including symmetry and patterns Martik had seen in the world around him. Men had been exploring the city for weeks. It appeared no people had ever actually lived there. There was only the detritus left by whatever had lived in the darkness.
All that was just a distraction to Martik. The wheel beckoned him. It was a puzzle waiting to be solved, and he was the perfect person to solve it, yet he had to question his motivation when Trinda was the beneficiary. Whatever mighty tool or weapon the ancients had left them, he would be delivering it into the hands of one plotting for war. That did not sit lightly on his gut. He didn't have much choice but to guide his crew closer toward freeing the giant wheel. When the crew retired for the day, he would make good his escape along with Strom and Osbourne. Together they would find their way to the Firstland. It all felt like a crazy dream, far from what his childhood on the family farm had prepared him for. In other ways, that life had prepared him for everything. It had taught him to be a problem solver, and that was what he did best.
His men struggled with mining tools to clear the debris from the wheel, and progress was painfully slow. They had originally thought the job would be easy since everything had been laid out for them. The wall leading up to the stone wheel was taller than three men, but it had circular holes alternating from side to side, providing toeholds for easy climbing. They soon found the rock cylinders strewn across the valley floor. Each one appeared to have been cut to fit within the holes along the base of the wheel, but his men had been able only to get them to slide part of the way into the holes. This had created a convenient ladder and platform once a few planks were added. From that point, they had all been grateful for the holes and cylinders but paid them little more mind.
Martik took Wendel Volker's advice and looked at the entire construction from a different perspective. Where else were there cylindrical holes within Dragonhold? he asked himself. It didn't take long to think of the water channels. Nowhere else, though, did they find these stone plugs. He wondered if perhaps these were the by-product of cutting the holes, but that still didn't explain why they were found only there. Near the bottom, one rung looked out of place. It was too low to be useful as a step, which made Martik further question its purpose. The stone cylinder wiggled free without much effort. The first thing Martik realized was the cylinder was made of a darker stone than the stone in which the shafts had been bored. These stone plugs had been made for a purpose, and Martik was feeling more and more confident that purpose was not to act as a ladder or platform.
Using his knife, he checked inside the circular depression and found it quite thoroughly clogged. After working at it for a while, he managed to clear the channel, and as he lay there breathing, a breeze cooled his skin. It wasn't emanating from the channel but rushing into it. It had to be!
Grabbing the stone cylinder, he wiped it as clean as he could and slid it into the channel. It was a nearly perfect fit; there was just enough play to allow the cylinder to slide in. When only a couple hand widths protruded from the hole, the shaft moved on its own. There was a sucking sound followed by a thud. Just enough shaft remained exposed to allow Martik to pull it back out. It resisted at first, but then came free with a sucking whoosh. Nothing else happened. He inserted it once again, and the suction pulled the shaft back, firmly locking it into place. This was it.
One of Trinda's guards was watching him a little too closely, and Martik realized his thoughts must have been written on his face. He had to make the decision in that moment whether or not to reveal what he'd found. Though part of him worried over the consequences, Martik could not resist.
"You men come down from there! And bring the planks!" he shouted to the crew, and the guard gave him a look that said he knew Martik was a traitor. It took much of the fun from what Martik was about to do. "You might want to get Trinda," he said to the guard.
"Queen Trinda," the man said. "And you don't want to test it first? You want me to drag the lady down here on your hunch?"
"Are you saying I should start the wheel turning without her here?"
The man glared at him for some time. Martik's crew was reaching the bottom of the stair. Finally he sent another guard with word for Trinda. He specifically did not look at Martik after that, which was not such a terrible result. It would take some time for Trinda to get there, but there was still work to be done.
"Remove the ladder stones, starting at the top. Hand the stones down and carefully stack them with the others," he said. "Do you understand?"
"Yes," Bradley said.
He was a good man whom Martik and Chase trusted. Though he normally served as a part of Trinda's guard, he'd been assigned to assist Martik in his efforts. Their friendship was no secret.
Martik stepped away from what he no longer considered a ladder; it was a lever, a gate, or maybe switch was the better word. The work proceeded more slowly than Martik would have liked, and he wondered why he had even opened his mouth. Sometimes his temper and ego got the better of him, and he reminded himself to keep his emotions under control. "Emotion destroys what logic builds," his father had always said. "Martik knew there was a place for emotion in his life, but he took his father's point: it could rule or ruin your life if not kept in check. 
When Trinda arrived, she was carried by a well-muscled guard. She sat in his arms as if he were a throne, and the man did his best to descend loose stone slope with grace. There was a dangerous look on her face, and Martik hoped he was right. If not, his ego could have gotten him into serious trouble.
"I am not to be summoned," Trinda said before the man carrying her came to a stop before Martik.
"You asked for word should I have any progress, and I believe we've made significant progress today."
"I'm told you haven't actually done anything yet, as evidenced by this," she said, gesturing toward Martik's men, who were still working."
"I did not want to deprive you of the chance to see the wheel turn for the first time," Martik said, suddenly wishing he had no tongue. Now either the wheel turned, or he'd be a failure who had summoned the child queen to witness his disgrace.
"Yet you had no trouble depriving my guard of any of the details."
"I--"
"You deprived me of the information I needed. Don't do that again."
The words were said in a pleasant enough tone, but a chill enveloped Martik; he didn't want to "fall into the river."
The men proved why he considered them his best crew. The stone shafts were neatly lined up on the stone at the wheel's base. Feeling like a fool, Martik flushed and moved to the long, cylindrical stones. "These shafts are cut from a different type of stone; and they fit almost perfectly."
Trinda looked unimpressed.
Sliding the lowest shaft halfway in, Martik began re-creating the ladder, and even his men looked at him strangely, but then one sucked in a deep breath, the realization finally hitting him. With his crew handing him black stone cylinders, Martik reached the last hole, and this was the first shaft he pushed past the halfway point. He put his hands in the air and let everyone see the shaft get sucked in the rest of the way. There was an audible thunk when the stone was seated. Now those in attendance watched with a bit more anticipation. Martik's spirit soared but he did not want to get overconfident. 
Stepping back down a rung, he pushed in the shaft he'd just been standing on, and so he backed down the ladder, collapsing it as he went. With each shaft drawn into place, as if by magic, Martik's crew and perhaps even the guards came to believe. Every shaft brought them closer to solving a great mystery, and Martik couldn't help but smile. Then, though, he came to the last shaft, one he'd already tested. He knew it would work. It just had to work. When he tried sliding the stone into place, it resisted for an instant, and Martik swallowed, but after adjusting the angle, it slid in without resistance until being pulled from his grasp with a firm, almost greedy thunk. It was quiet and no one moved.
Nothing happened.
Someone coughed and Martik stood from where he'd been kneeling, his prayer unanswered.
Trinda glared down at him. "Do not summon me again."

* * *

"What were you thinking?" Strom asked Martik, his voice louder than he may have intended.
"I can't help it when something suddenly makes sense to me," Martik said.
"Quit pouting," Osbourne said.
"Trinda's guard has been watching me," Martik said. "Closer than I thought. He's not just watching me; he's reading me. And he knew the moment I figured it out; only I guess I really didn't figure it out."
"Stop whining," Osbourne said.
"I think they're going to try to stop us when we leave. I think they know," Martik said in a rush.
"They do," Strom said. "But they don't know when, and I'm betting they won't expect tonight."
"That's insane," Osbourne said.
"You're really not being helpful, you know," Martik said.
"Moving the conversation along . . ." Osbourne said. "You really think tonight, right after Martik's utter disgrace and humiliation in front of all those people, is the best time to make our escape?"
Martik stuck his tongue out at Osbourne.
"Our man is working the barges tonight," Strom said. "We just have to time it right. We still have time before the change of guard, and we know the day guard has had quite a day. I say we go."
Martik swallowed. It hadn't been real to him before, but now they were talking about actually trying to escape Dragonhold. Given how his day had gone, his confidence wasn't high, and he thought he might be sick. Osbourne didn't look a great deal better, no matter how much sarcasm he poured on it. Strom appeared determined but there was the slightest hint at the corner of his eyes: fear.
"How long do you need?" Strom asked, his voice low.
"I'm ready," Martik breathed. Nothing he owned was worth the risk.
"I'm ready too," Osbourne said.
Supplies already waited in the Upper Chinawpa valley. Beyond what they were wearing, they would be leaving their entire lives behind. In a way, their lives had been taken from them long before, and perhaps they would now take them back.
"I'll go first," Strom said. "Wait half a turn of the sand clock, and one of you follow. Then the other another half turn after that. Get to the docks, and we should be free. Deep breaths. Relax."
With that, Strom strode out as if nothing were amiss. Martik wasn't certain he could match the feat, and he had serious doubts about Osbourne.
"You go next," Osbourne said. "I'll be right behind you."
"You're not giving up already, are you?" Martik asked.
Osbourne laughed. "No. But I know I might give myself away. I'm not very good at hiding things. Strom has gotten better at it over the years."
"It helps to have arms like dragon jaws," Martik said, and Osbourne couldn't argue. Strom wasn't a man to be tangled with.
Half the sand had passed through the sand clock, and Martik let it run. With a nod, he walked into the hall, still unsure if Osbourne would follow. Shadows cast by the torchlight danced and taunted Martik as he walked. Gone were the days of herald globes lighting the halls. Those had been hoarded and stashed somewhere perhaps only Trinda herself knew. It was another puzzle. Did the girl hoard them to keep others from using them or so she could use them herself? Her alliance with Allette indicated she might be amassing a deadly arsenal for her own military purposes.
Martik realized he was mumbling to himself as he passed people in the halls, and he wondered what he might have been saying when people passed by. He would have to pay more attention. It was his nature to fixate on problems and ignore everything else, especially, as in this case, when his subconscious was handling the walking. Passing through the great hall made him feel as if everyone were watching him. They could easily see he was on his way to escape from Dragonhold, and surely he would be intercepted at any time. Every step caused his heart to beat faster, and sweat was running down his cheek by the time he reached the archway leading to the God's Eye. This would be the easiest place to stop him, and a man was moving in his direction. With every step, he wanted to go faster, to run, but he could not. That would ruin everything. He had to remain calm. The man was not someone he recognized, but when their eyes met, Martik quickly looked away, something he instantly regretted.
The man passed by the archway and moved back toward the kitchens. With a deep breath, Martik entered the hall, unable to appreciate the architecture as he usually did. He prayed with every step. When Strom saw him, he let out an audible sigh then looked embarrassed for having done so.
"Sound carries over water," Martik said softly.
Strom flushed and nodded.
Waiting for Osbourne was torture. Strom had turned over a sand clock when Martik arrived, and he frequently checked it. When half the sand had run out, Osbourne was not there, and a barge appeared. They would get but one chance at this, and Martik looked at Strom.
"I can't leave him."
Martik nodded. Either all of them went or none of them went. A moment after having that thought, Martik let out an audible sigh of relief. Strom gave him a look that said, Really?
The barge landed as Osbourne walked up, and they boarded without his ever stopping.
"Go," Strom said to the bargeman, whom Martik didn't recognize.
The man responded by pushing them into deep water. Every instant of the journey was etched in Martik's mind; he'd never been so frightened and exhilarated at the same time. They were so close to their goal, he could barely contain himself.
Strom grabbed his arm and leaned in. "Easy."
Martik hadn't even realized he'd been stepping forward and back as if about to make a running jump. Taking deep breaths, he did what he could to release them slowly. After what felt like ages, they reached the pocked stone shoreline. The bargeman said nothing as the three men disembarked. He simply poled back into deep water.
A single pair of guards was all that stood between them and the Chinawpa Valley and their freedom. Strom led the way, and it was clear he intended to fight if necessary. Martik followed with a bit less conviction, and Osbourne nearly outpaced him. They were at the checkered hall, which was what they now called the hall where Kyrien had entered and exited the hold with his dragon ore saddle on. The stones had left crisscrossing gouges in the otherwise smooth stone. It was a poignant reminder.
The guards' silhouettes came into view, and Martik could hear nothing over the pounding in his ears. Strom approached the man on the left and nodded in greeting. The man nodded back, and Strom walked into the valley beyond. Osbourne took another tentative step on his way outside, and nothing barred his path. Martik nearly sighed with relief again, but instead a hand closed over his mouth.
"You disappoint me, Martik Tillerman," Trinda said from within the cavern; the light of many herald globes her guards held hurting his eyes. It was an exaggerated show of force. A single overcharged herald globe would have been plenty. "First you failed to impress after you summoned me and now this. What am I going to do with you?"
Strong hands marshaled Martik back to where Trinda stood, and she spoke over his shoulder. "As for the two of you," she said. "You may never return."

Chapter 5
Words can cut as deep as a blade.
--Morif, soldier

* * *


The mighty wheel mocked Martik. He'd been so certain only days ago the shafts were the keys, and he was starting to realize they were perhaps one of the keys. The presence of a vacuum, that inrushing breeze, made him envision moving water. A river ran through this mountain, and it could be the suction's source. Those thoughts would have continued if not for heavy debris being cleared from atop the wheel. This irregularly shaped rock had not been created by the keep's crumbling. All the stone around it was smooth once the debris was cleared. This debris had been placed there to intentionally jam the mechanism, Martik knew. Someone had worked hard to make certain this wheel would stay as it was.
"Clear below!" Bradley shouted from above.
Martik moved to a safer place. The debris had to be thrown, or in this case pushed, from high above, and there was no guarantee it would fall where they intended. The wrong bounce on the way down could send it toward those gathered at the mighty wheel's base.
"Clear," Martik called back once he was satisfied his people were as safe as they could be.
Jagged rock appeared, only the tip at first, and it moved slowly before toppling over all at once and racing down the wheel's face, never touching the smooth stone. Hitting bottom with terrible force, it sent stone shards flying in every direction, some screaming as they went.
"Help!" someone shouted. "Man down!"
Martik cursed himself for not moving people farther back and pushed through the crowd.
"Stung me good," a man named Adger said. "But I'm all right. I think we should use that rock to make a wall we can take shelter behind."
Martik laughed. Leave it to someone from the Godfist to use the very problem itself as the solution. "Adger's right," he said. "Do as he says."
The man gave Martik a grateful nod but said nothing. Instead he just started moving rock. The others followed suit and placed their loads where he pointed. It proved something Martik's father had once told him. "Men of few words speak through their work."
With the shelter erected, Martik sent more men to the wheel's top to work the jam free. These men climbed on wooden rungs inserted in the boreholes. Martik had insisted the rock shafts be kept safe behind the new shelter. Leaving Adger in charge at the base, Martik climbed to join the workers above. Clearing the debris had not revealed much about the mechanism. Martik knew the wheel could possibly come free with devastating effect, and he wanted to keep his eyes on the situation. Though he thought the stone shafts were a key to starting this monumental machine, he couldn't be certain, and he did not want to risk lives unnecessarily.
Clearing the debris caused the rest to crack, move, and be generally unstable, making the process even more difficult. If only the loose sediment packed around the larger rocks hadn't set up like liquid stone. Not for the first time, he cursed whomever had done this. No matter what their reasons, they had now endangered his workers. Shouts rang out as debris suddenly broke free. The sound was like dragons fighting, and Martik truly wished he didn't know what that sounded like. It still haunted his dreams. It was among a small number of reasons he'd been happy to have been caught. Dragons could not fly through stone, so at least he was safe from the ferals. Curiosity about this wheel and the opportunity to redeem himself helped make the incarceration and humiliation bearable. He leaned heavily on those things whenever his thoughts turned to Strom and Osbourne. The two should be past the plateau where Catrin had released the floodwaters onto the Zjhon army. It had always struck him as an excellent demonstration water's power.
Water.
The debris was fused together, and doing that would take water, lots of water. Walking along the top of the wheel, Martik ignored everything, searching for what he knew must be there.
"Careful, sir," Bradley said, despite the fact that Martik had been telling him to stop calling him "sir" every day for more than a year. "Don't go too far in that direction; it gets steep and slippery."
"Walk with me," Martik said. "Where would you say the halfway point is between the sides of the wheel?" It was a point of contention, since the debris prevented them from seeing just how far back the wheel continued. Most of the wheel was enclosed in the mountain itself, leaving only the strip along the edge where the debris had been cleared visible.
"I think it's as wide as it is tall," Bradley said.
"What makes you say that?"
"Well, sir, when you cut a tree, you cut it down into manageable pieces, and those tend to be about as tall as they are big around. I know that must sound silly, but it just makes sense to me."
"It actually doesn't sound silly at all," Martik said. "You have an intuitive sense, and I think you are correct. No matter how skilled the people who made this, they would have had to move it, and the size you suggest would be less likely to crack in transport. And the ancients loved symmetry, which means if they wanted to place another key shaft up here, then it would be right about there." He pointed to a place above them lost in shadow.
Bradley turned back to the crew he managed. "We need some help over here," he said. "We need to get Martik up there so he can see."
Martik smiled at Bradley's crew's competence. They had worked under him for some time and had grown into the most capable crew he'd ever worked with. They were among the things keeping him from despair. Quickly they used the materials they had at hand to erect a structure Martik could easily scale. A torch was passed to Bradley, and he handed it to Martik.
"I hope I'm right about this," Martik said under his breath.
"Even if you're wrong," Bradley said, "you'll be the most brilliant fool I've ever known."
Martik had to smile. The climb was awkward but not unsafe, and the scaffolding was surprisingly stable given its haphazard construction. His heart jumped a bit when he saw a familiar-looking circular opening a short distance from where he and Bradley had estimated.
"There's an opening there," Martik said, and though happy for him, no one expressed surprise; that alone soothed Martik's bruised ego. "We need to move this scaffold to here." He was about to apologize, but the men didn't hesitate for an instant. Bradley jumped in and helped. Martik grabbed a young man among the most muscular on the crew. "Bring me one of those shafts, but be careful with it. We don't have the tools or knowledge to make a replacement. Understood?"
"Yes, sir," the young man said.
Watching him go, his step a little too anxious, Martik hoped the boy calmed himself before coming back up with the shaft, but then his attention was drawn back to the orifice itself. His crew had reassembled the structure, and he second-guessed himself, hoping he'd not had them rebuild it in the wrong place. Despite all his accomplishments, Martik still worried he would make another mistake. It was just part of who he was, he supposed.
After climbing atop the structure, though, Martik was rewarded with excellent access to the perfectly round shaft. This one was still clean and smooth inside, and all he needed was the stone key. It was soon handed up to him. 
He hesitated. There was no way to be certain this orifice would do what he thought it would. He couldn't risk anyone but himself in the event he was wrong. If he evacuated the entire work site, as his gut told him to do, he would look like a dolt and might lose what faith he had remaining in his abilities. 
Either way there was risk, but only by evacuating could he take all the risk on himself. "I thank you all for getting us to this point. What I'm about to do might be dangerous, or it might have no effect at all." People laughed. "I can't risk any of you based on my feelings and hunches, so I am going to ask you all to move back to the top of the ramp." This was less enthusiastically received. It meant shutting down the entire operation for the day.
"I know," Martik said. "I'm sorry. If this does what I expect, I'll be able to get down safely. More than one of us coming down at once could mean big trouble. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong."
The crew didn't debate or grumble, they just cleaned up their work areas, gathered their tools, and made an orderly retreat.
Bradley stood beside Martik after everyone else had gone over the edge and down the ladder. "What do you think it's going to do?"
"Go on down, and I'll show you," Martik said with a grin.
"The crew and I agreed. I'm staying and protecting your back," Bradley said. When Martik opened his mouth to respond, he said, "They wouldn't take no for an answer. Surely two of us can escape whatever doom you face as easily as one?"
Knowing no discussion had taken place after his evacuation order, Martik shook his head and handed Bradley the torch. "Don't burn me this time," he said.
Bradley smiled. He hadn't burned Martik with a torch in a long time, but Martik would never let him forget it.
Once everyone else gained the safety of the upper slope, they climbed together. Martik could feel the crew's eyes upon him as he and Bradley climbed. The thought of sending for Trinda was quickly banished, though he thought he saw guards running from the chamber. That was fine with him. If they summoned Trinda, then she couldn't possibly blame him. Thinking back through their history, Martik knew she might still find a way, but at least he would make it more difficult.
At the top, Bradley held the torch overhead and to one side. Martik wasted no time and lifted the heavy stone over his head and tried to get it into the orifice. Bradley offered his other hand to steady the shaft and Martik smiled. It really was a two-man job. He'd have been hard pressed to do this alone, and he had to admit his ego was at times his worst enemy. The shaft slid upward as they guided it. Afraid to take his hands away, Martik glanced at Bradley, who was also ready to keep the shaft from sliding out and shattering atop the mighty stone wheel. Both were proven wrong when the shaft was sucked rapidly upward and seated itself with a resounding thump. The two men looked at each other, unsure how to react.
Nothing happened at first, and Martik was prepared for another humiliation. Then the stone around them began to thrum.
Thump . . . thump . . . thump . . . thud.
The last felt like a dragon had shoulder blocked the mountain.
"Run!" Martik said and Bradley was already leaping down their temporary structure.
"Come on!" Bradley said when he beat Martik to the bottom. "We've got to go now."
The two men had just made it to the ladder when the water began rushing over the wheel, soaking the debris and sending waterfalls down the wheel where the mechanism was still blocked.
As they climbed the slope to where a crowd of people cheered, Bradley turned to Martik, "Was that what you thought was going to happen?"
"I'll never tell," Martik said with a grin.

* * *

"Now how are we going to turn the water off?" Bradley asked.
It was a good question and one Martik hadn't quite puzzled out yet. The water rushing over the mighty wheel was less forceful than a flash flood, and strong climbers made it to the top despite concerns about the wood being slippery and the rungs themselves coming loose.
"I'm not certain yet," Martik said. "The water will surely have helped loosen up the debris blocking the mechanism, though."
Bradley nodded his agreement. "What about two ladders tied together at the top, so they lean on each other and can stand on their own. We can have someone holding each corner of the ladders in place against the current."
"There's a chance the debris will shift once we get up there, and that could put all of us at risk," Martik said.
"Yes, sir. We're going to have to be careful."
"Pick your best team. No more than we need but no less. I want to inspect the ladders before we do anything."
"Yes, sir," Bradley said, a twinkle in his eye. Martik knew he would do everything in his power to make him proud. It was a good feeling, but worry for Strom and Osbourne overshadowed it. 
Even Chase had asked him if there was any news, despite Catrin's cousin being far better connected. Martik had trouble understanding why Chase was still within Dragonhold, but he admitted having his own reasons to stay. It certainly wasn't all bad. Trinda's leadership was mostly unobtrusive, and the people had flourished under her rule. Food was plentiful, people were productive, and they lived and loved much as they had always done. However, the guards watching him colored the illusion.
In less time than Martik would've thought possible, Bradley returned with his team: four men and two ladders. As promised, the ladders had been lashed together at one end to his satisfaction. It was good they hadn't been longer, since the water spilling over giant wheel's edge was filling the valley. The water was getting deeper, and the crew worked hard to lift the ladders up the slippery stair. With the rushing water fighting them the entire way, it proved more difficult than Martik had initially expected, and he hadn't thought it to be easy.
When they finally reached the top, the last man over the edge lost his footing and nearly fell, but he kept his grip on the ladder, which was held firmly at the other end. Martik and Bradley followed, helping each other manage the slippery climb. Twice Martik wobbled and both times Bradley was there.
"Sorry I'm having so much trouble," Martik said, breathing hard.
"To be honest," Bradley said, "it's kind of nice to see you have trouble with something. I know you've been having a bad run of luck, but you have a way of making a man think less of himself because of all the things you do."
Martik didn't know what to say and concentrated on making the climb. When he reached the top, the water's rush was nearly overwhelming. He could see why the crew had such difficulty keeping their footing. Bradley put an arm around him, and they moved one step at a time to where the crew worked on erecting the ladders. None of them was having an easy time of it. Martik's pride would normally have prevented him from accepting Bradley's help, but this was life or death. If someone fell and was swept away by the current, there wasn't much hope for survival.
Grateful instead for the support, he felt a little better when Bradley slipped. He shouldn't have smiled at that, but he did anyway. The entire scene was surreal, and the dim amber light danced across the water, making the stone move like a living thing, writhing beneath their feet. Those holding the makeshift structure looked less than confident, but Martik committed himself to climbing spindly ladders atop a giant rock wheel to pull a stone plug and turn off the waterfall. It was the kind of thing no one outside the hold would ever believe.
Though reaching high enough for Martik to grasp the stone shaft, the ladders flexed and moved in alarming ways.
"Let me do it?" Bradley begged, but Martik was determined.
The higher he climbed, the more it flexed and swayed. He decided to move more quickly, which worsened the problem. Finally, though, he was able to steady his weight using the shaft itself.
The force of his weight overwhelmed the vacuum. The shaft moved downward gradually at first but then fell without resistance. Martik did his best to hold on to it and had to grasp it with both hands, his legs trembling from the exertion of staying upright on an unstable structure. The lives of those below him were at stake, and he gave his all to hold on to the heavy shaft. 
Though he secured it, his weight was on his heels, and he started to fall backward. Trying to shift his weight to his toes and failing, he had to reach out with one hand and grab the ladders. The shaft nearly slipped from his grasp, but the water flow had already begun to abate. 
Once steadied, he shifted to a comfortable position, and Bradley met him halfway. It was an awkward exchange, but the stone was handed down, and Martik was able to use both hands to climb back to relative safety. The water was receding, which was good except for glistening silt now covering the entire surface in a thin layer. It moved and shifted under their boots and sent Martik to his knees. 
He hoped it would be manageable when it dried and was pleased to see the source of this material had been the cement like sediment holding the debris together. What remained were big chunks of stone, which should be relatively easy to relocate.
After a slippery climb down, Martik was somewhat vindicated. He was now several steps closer to solving the mystery, and he could hardly wait. 

Chapter 6
Passion razes kingdoms.
--King Venes

* * *


Martik sat with his legs crossed, watching the ancient wheel turn. It made no sense. After clearing the debris, the giant stone wheel began to move, the water filling the pool around it giving it buoyancy. It didn't spin; it bobbed. Bradley and Martik inserted the remaining shafts, which were sucked into place, and the mighty wheel shifted. A loud grinding noise followed by a thump made Martik's teeth hurt.
Nothing at all changed at first, but then it was clear the wheel was turning, albeit slowly. Little by little, the speed increased, and Martik wondered how fast it could go and to what purpose it moved. The wheel's movement had no perceptible effect. He had to be missing something. Bradley stood nearby and Martik knew the young man was worried about him, but he just needed to think it through. This was a complex machine, and there was no shame in not understanding it. The ancients surely knew things he did not. They had left him a puzzle, especially since he could find no way to gain access to the mechanism. The only possibility he could envision was to move the great slope behind him and fill the entire city with water, which stretched the imagination.
"There has to be another key," Bradley said.
Though he'd considered that before, Bradley's words made him stop and look at things from another perspective. "Bradley," he said, "when we decided to pile all the debris over there, why did we do that?"
The younger man thought for a second, and his eyes went wide. "Because there was already debris piled there!"
Martik didn't have to say anything more. Bradley organized his team and began the process of moving all the debris they had carelessly tossed down from above. Martik worried anything under all the shattered rock had also been destroyed. Part of him wanted to get in there and move the rock with the crew, but that was no longer his role. He had to trust his crew and Bradley to do what he asked of them. His role was to figure out this machine, and he was just guessing. If there was nothing under the debris, he'd be back in familiar territory.
Trinda had come twice to see his progress. She hadn't said a word to him since his attempted escape. He didn't care. He wasn't doing it for her; he was doing it for himself. Trinda's guards watched everything he did, and there was no need for him to report to her. His only job was to figure out this mechanism, and it was the one thing he was incapable of doing.
Even as those thoughts crossed his mind, Bradley shouted, "We found something!"
Martik didn't even remember standing up, but his legs were under him and he was moving at a reckless pace. Workers converged on the place where Bradley stood, and things went more quickly now that they were clearing a much smaller area.
"Bring water, rags, and an empty bucket," Bradley said, and he had water and rags by the time Martik arrived. Some debris remained, and he had to climb over jagged stone to see what Bradley had found. 
There waited a new puzzle. Istra's likeness was set into the floor, only with holes carved into the stone where her eyes, ears, and mouth would be. Bradley wiped the area down and cleared what he could. Small bits disappeared into the holes, making not a sound; even when they used a stone on a string to check the depth of the mouth hole, which was the largest, they could find no bottom.
"And it gets even stranger," Martik said.
The crew continued to work at moving the debris while Bradley and Martik stared. The area was soon clean and swept. He walked the entire carving, looking for any other clues or hints as to its true purpose, or at the very least how to unlock it.
All the while, the giant cylindrical wheel turned just a little faster.

* * *

Strom walked with his shoulders hunched, and Osbourne followed, feeling about the same. Leaving Martik behind went against their values, but they really had little choice. If Trinda did not want them back in the hold, then there was little chance of getting back in. Instead, they were forced to carry on without him . . . and their supplies. It was bad enough that Trinda had intercepted Martik, but she could at least have left their supplies. Now they were being forced to forage in the same woods they'd had to forage all those years ago. It was reminiscent and altogether humiliating and demoralizing. "Maybe we'll find some black walnuts," Osbourne said, aiming low.
The truth was that these woods were no longer what they had once been. Now they supported the mouths of Dragonhold, and they had been picked nearly bare. Once there had been black walnuts by the hundreds arranged in circles beneath the trees, but now one or two might remain high among the branches, the grounds clear.
"The farther away we get the better and worse it will get," Strom said, and he knew the truth of those words. The lands were less forgiving to the east, but they shouldn't have been picked clean. The snakes alone were usually enough to keep people away. "Try not to step on any rotting logs."
"That's not even a little funny," Osbourne said, but both had a brief laugh. "While we're talking of memories, I seem to remember a hill with a big tree and some apple trees not far away. You think we could find that place again?"
"We can do that," Strom said, and Osbourne noticed he stood a little taller as he walked. An achievable goal had perhaps given them both a little hope. Perhaps the land was more welcoming now, or maybe they had learned with age to be more careful where they put their feet, but the journey across the swamps was not as unpleasant as it could have been. Rolling hills waited beyond, and the smell of apples was on the wind.
"I think we're getting closer," Osbourne said. He sighed. "I miss them all."
"I know," Strom said. "I'm glad you're here. A pretty lady would be better, but we can't have everything."
"I'd trade you for a sack full of sausages, cheese, and springwine. Or any one of the three in a pinch."
Over the next hill stood a place they both recognized; the mighty tree still presided over the sloping hills, and not far away, another tree cradled a stone as if gripping a mystical orb. The memories were overwhelming. Some made Osbourne want to laugh; others made him want to cry.
"Gather wood," Strom said. "I'm going fishing." In his hand the smith held fishing wire and a hook. They were the only tools they had, and Osbourne was grateful Strom had managed to sneak them out of Dragonhold. He hoped they would not have to live off the land for long, but he knew they could if they were forced to. Strom had sent a message through the Vestrana, seeking a ship, but there was no way to know if that message had ever gotten through to anyone willing or able to pick them up.
The realization they had no home was inescapable. All Osbourne could do was hope.

* * *

Even his memories of the Arghast Desert could not prepare Osbourne for the oppressive heat and searing sunlight. The sand reflected the heat, gradually cooking them. Strom had taken off his shirt, and his skin tanned like leather. Osbourne remained trapped within his long shirt, knowing the sun would boil the skin from his body; his fair skin would never tan like Strom's, and he envied the man.
Much as Wendel and Benjin had done all those years ago, Strom and Osbourne walked the coastline. Bordered on one side by nothing but blue salt water and the Arghast Desert on the other, they suffered from thirst. Here the heat from the sands burned off any moisture in the air, and everything was parched. The sea water was salty and would make a person sick, and they had nothing to help them distill it into potable water.
"We shouldn't go too much further," Osbourne said. "If we don't find water soon, we're going to need to go back to that last stream we found, and it was a long way back."
"Just a ways further," Strom said, just as he had three times before.
Osbourne knew they would eventually go too far and turning back would do no good. The only source of hope was the gathering darkness along the horizon. Rain would give them what they needed so badly. Lightning illuminated the growing clouds, and Osbourne decided he should take care in what he wished for. There was no cover along the shoreline, and he and Strom were the tallest things for some distance.
"What do you think we should do?" Osbourne asked.
"About what?" Strom replied, sounding irritable.
"About that," Osbourne said, pointing to the storm, knowing his friend had been in deep thought. Neither was at their best.
"We should look along the water for shells or anything we can use to hold rainwater," Strom suggested.
"What about shelter from the storm?" Osbourne asked.
Strom just shrugged. "Not much we can do about that."
Together they scoured the beach, searching for shells, but most were small, broken, and not much use. Strom had just found a conical shell the size of his fist when Osbourne saw something he would never have expected. Some kind of cross between a balloon and a ship emerged from the storm clouds, rocking and bucking like a prize bull, and the thing managed to lurch its way toward where Strom and Osbourne stood. The shell slid from Strom's hand as he stood agape. 
"Is that who I think it is?" Strom asked.
"Who else could it be?" Osbourne asked in return.
Only Kenward Trell could be responsible for something as audacious as the airship. As she drew closer, they began to see the rough likeness of Kyrien. It was rough but not without charm.
For a moment, Osbourne felt lucky, albeit nervous. The nervous part grew as the ship approached, and Kenward's orders continued to rise in pitch. The winds driving the ship forward whipped across the beach and drove sand before it, stinging skin and eyes. Osbourne did his best to keep his eyes on the approaching ship.
"Be ready to jump aboard," Kenward shouted as the ship descended until she skimmed across the water without ever touching the waves.
When lightning flashed behind the ship, Osbourne could see it through the slats making up the vessel, and he swallowed hard, uncertain he wanted to board this madman's airship. This feeling grew stronger when the ship crashed into the sands behind him and Strom. It was a violent impact, but the ship held together. The wind socks rested on the sand for an instant before the wind filled them. They stretched the ropes tight and dragged the ship sideways across the sand, rapidly approaching where Strom and Osbourne now ran, trying to escape.
"Be ready!" Kenward shouted. "We'll pull you aboard! Just don't get run over by the Serpent. That wouldn't end well for you."
Osbourne looked over his shoulder, wondering if he could outrun the ship, but it was clear he could not. Strom had come to the same conclusion, and both turned at the same time. The ship rushed toward them, and Kenward's crew reached out while holding on for dear life.
"Now! Jump!" Kenward called.
It was too soon, Osbourne thought, but he was glad he jumped when he did. Clipping the rail, he spun in the air and landed firmly atop Kenward, which was only fair. Strom made it aboard much more gracefully, but they were far from safe. Sand built up before the ship, and she was threatening to dig in. Given their speed, it could tear the ship apart. "Get us back in the air," Kenward ordered.
Crewmen moved and shouted, but not much otherwise changed except for the gouts of black smoke filling the air and a whirring sound that grew louder and higher in pitch. The wind bags quite suddenly righted themselves and inflated, and the ship left the sand. It rejoined the sand several times before finally leaving the ground behind.
Kenward ordered a structural check and offered Strom and Osbourne a winning smile. "Welcome aboard the Serpent! If you see any giant dragons chasing us, be sure to let me know."

* * *

Flying aboard the Serpent was an experience Strom would never forget. As a craftsman, almost everything about the ship offended his sensibilities, but it was the only thing between life and death. It was not a good feeling. There were things about the ship he had to admire as well, which helped a little. Though the lashings appeared sloppy, for example, they also flexed, making the ship supple. Given the wood's brittle nature, this design made more and more sense. He still didn't like the deck shifting under his feet or the way the ship flexed and moved, but she flew. He had to give Kenward that point. Without using Istra's power, the Serpent flew.
When he probed deeper into how the ship managed flight, Kenward was guarded. "It's an ancient technology," he admitted. "I'm sworn to secrecy on its exact nature and source, I'm afraid."
"Coal fired," Strom said, sniffing the air. "Steam power and hot air as a by-product. How do you regulate the pressure?"
"Show off," Kenward said, grinning. "Come on. I'll show you."
Strom followed against his better judgment, although to the delight of his curiosity. The deckhouse was as flimsy and haphazard as the rest of the ship. Within waited unbearable heat, a coal pile on one side, and a huge boiler on the other. Men tended the fires, and Strom kept looking for the valves, the pressure releases. He found only one, and there was no gauge or any other way to measure the pressure. It was a nearly sealed system. They were flying on a giant bomb. If it didn't explode, it would likely burst into flames. The mounts holding the boiler in place were surrounded by smoking black wood. An impeller drove a shaft with a leather belt running between it and another. If the belt broke, as belts were wont to do, it could take out the less-than-sturdy boiler mounts.
"Isn't she a beauty?" Kenward asked.
Strom was impressed Kenward had lived as long as he had with such a terrible mental illness. "Your brilliance is only surpassed by your sheer lack of concern for safety."
"Thank you!" Kenward said with his irrepressible grin. "I knew you would see the beauty in her."
In truth, Strom could think of nothing but getting off this flying disaster before it came unglued. "How long until we reach the Firstland?" he asked.
"Not much longer," Kenward said, either blissfully unaware of Strom's misgivings or in complete disregard of them.
Strom suspected the latter. "Perhaps we should land at the beach. Landing within the hold is risky."
"Oh, but it's so much easier," Kenward said. "You'll be able to step right off the ship and into Windhold. That's how we do things here on the Serpent. No long journey's just to board and disembark, no, sir. We come to you and take you directly to where you are going. It's the way of the future, my friend. You just have to see my vision."
Strom was having visions of his own, most of which involved fire and a twisted pile of burning flakewood. Osbourne thought even less of the ship and refused to even walk around the deck. He had remained glued to the deckhouse in spite of the heat, and Strom thought he might have splinters from gripping the planks so tightly.
When the Firstland finally came into view, Strom found himself at a loss for words, despite having seen the Firstland before. No descriptions from fireside tales or books could convey the majesty of the place said to be the cradle of mankind. Osbourne even stood to get a better view, though he remained stuck to the deckhouse. Mountains reached for the sky and pierced the clouds, a natural harbor at their feet.
Strom decided seeing the Eternal Guardians from above was the most awesome way to see them. The entire Valley of Victors was amazing in how real the carvings of men were. Catrin had always said how it had bothered her that there were no women depicted at all, as if they hadn't existed. Unpredictable surrounded the mountains, especially Windhold, which boggled the mind and the eye. The mountain had been carved out to leave only her bones, twisting sweeping shafts of hard rock shaped by forces long forgotten.
The Arghast, who Strom knew he must now think of as Drakon and Dragon Clan, gathered near the largest opening into Windhold. Strom questioned the wisdom of their decision. Gusts blew the ship sideways without notice, and there was little Kenward or anyone else could do about it. Perhaps one could fly without Istra's power, Strom thought, but should one? The answer was clear when the Drakon fled.
"We're coming in too fast," Osbourne shouted, but everyone else had already realized it.
"Vent the steam!" Kenward shouted. "Lower the sails. Brace yourselves!"
The Serpent struck Windhold a resounding blow. The mountain didn't budge, and thus the ship and her occupants absorbed the energy. Though the ship was still in one piece, Strom was fairly certain something important was damaged if not completely broken. Black smoke poured from the chimstack, and he just hoped the thing held together long enough for him to get off of it and never get back on again. He would swim wherever else he may need to go if that was what it took. No more flying with Kenward, he promised himself.
The wind bags pressed against the hold by the prevailing wind held the ship in place. Though Strom would have liked to have been the first one off the ship, he couldn't leave without Osbourne. He turned back to the deckhouse, but to the man's credit, he was already walking toward Strom.
"Get me off this ship," Osbourne said.
"Why do people always say that?" Kenward asked. No one responded.
Strom helped Osbourne over the rail, and his friend offered him an arm to grasp as he made his way down. His arms and legs tingled, and he had to take a couple of minutes just to bask in the glory of having survived flying to the Firstland aboard the Serpent. Osbourne hugged him in celebration. Kenward shook his head as if they were daft.
"I wish Martik was here," Osbourne said and Strom agreed. He deeply regretted leaving Martik behind but would have to live with his regret. Kenward and his men worked with rope and winches to secure the Serpent. The wind bags and the sails were stowed and the fires quenched, though the steam nearly filled the entire hold. The dragons, at least, seemed to like it.
Sinjin and Kendra approached, and Strom couldn't help but grin. "Look at you," was all he could think of to say. At least he didn't say, "Look how big you've gotten."
"Welcome," Sinjin said, smiling. Then he turned more serious. "Martik?"
"Captured but most likely well cared for," Strom said. "There are things Trinda wants him to fix."
"Fix?" Sinjin asked.
"Remember how well things went when the water got turned on?" Osbourne asked while poking Strom in the ribs. "Those kinds of things."
"What are those things supposed to do?" Sinjin asked.
"Sinjin," Kendra said, "you're interrogating the poor man. It's clear they've had a harrowing journey."
"Yes," Kenward said as he came to join them. "I'm certain the time they spent in the wilderness must have been quite harrowing. How lucky they were the Serpent arrived to pick them up."
"And how lucky they were verdant dragons have to eat and sleep," someone behind Kenward said, but he ignored it.
"Kenward," Sinjin said, "I must ask. Why were verdant dragons chasing you?"
"Oh. That," Kenward said. "Clearly a misunderstanding. They think we stole something from them. The crew and I have discussed it, and we have decided we did not steal anything. And yes, thank god and goddess verdant dragons have to eat and sleep." His crew roared in response.
"Please, all of you come in and have some tea," Kendra said. This was the most Sinjin had ever seen her attempt to entertain anyone, and he rather liked it, though he wouldn't tell her that. She might take it the wrong way. What he liked was that she was warm and welcoming, and she wasn't yelling at anyone. The last thought came with a chuckle. His wife was a spirited woman.
"They ambushed us as we were leaving the hold, grabbed Martik, and forced us the rest of the way out. Trinda told us we were never to return, but I'm not leaving it up to her. She even had the guards dispose of our packs and supplies.
"Had to rough it, eh?" Sinjin asked with a smile.
Seeing what the Drakon had done with almost nothing, Strom was ashamed to admit they struggled.
"It took months to get set up well enough I didn't have to worry over our day-to-day survival," Sinjin said.
"You worry too much," Kendra said while adjusting his shirt collar.
Strom looked to the dragon watching him from nearby.
"That's Valterius," Sinjin said. "He likes to know who's in the hold."
"He doesn't talk in people's minds, does he?" Strom asked, unable to hide the worry in his voice.
"No," Sinjin said with a smile. "Sometimes I wish he did."
"Don't wish for that," Strom said. "Trust me."
"What is this thing Martik is working on for Trinda?"
"It's a towering wheel of stone," Osbourne said. "No idea what its purpose is, but Martik is supposed to make it turn."
"Really?" Sinjin asked. "And then what happens?"
"I wish I knew," Strom said. "Martik is still trying to figure it all out."
"I don't like the sound of it," Kendra said. No one disagreed.
"I'm going to see if she'll trade with me," Kenward said. "She's got the perfect airship landing pad--something you need here, by the way, seriously."
"Good luck with that," Strom said.
"She'll do it," Kenward said. "She's cut off from the world, and there'll be things she wants. I might know how to get those things. And perhaps I can get you things."
"We'll talk about that later," Sinjin said. "I could use your advice. The Heights are claiming the ferals are very active, though not in as great a number as before."
"Give them a couple years," Durin said as he walked up. "The place will be crawling with them." He served tea and embraced each in turn, threatening to spill their hot drink.
"Anyway, the Greatlanders want to remain neutral, and the rest want us to fly in support of the verdants, so they can continue vital trade across the Jaga. We're not really fully settled here yet, and that would drain us of resources. What do you think?"
"I think you violated my first rule," Osbourne said. "Never be in charge. Failing that, my second rule is to care for yourself and your family first. If you can help more when those are cared for, then do so."
Sinjin smiled. "I thought so too. Thanks."
"You shouldn't second-guess yourself," Kendra said.
"People's lives are at risk, and these decisions could place a lot more in danger. I won't apologize for seeking good counsel."
"Nor should you," Kenward said. "And I shall give you my advice. Start by having some of your friends help your other friends fix their ship."

Chapter 7
Success lies in the ability to inspire others to action.
--Mother Gwendolin, Cathuran monk

* * *

Strom shook his head, and Osbourne mirrored his concern.
"You're defenseless in here," Strom said, and Osbourne nodded emphatically. "I bet a good storm would chase you out of here."
Sinjin flushed but didn't say anything.
"This place is great as a flight deck, but it's no place to live."
"The Dragon Clan occupies the lower levels of the mountain, and they are a little better protected from the weather."
"But not by much," Kendra said, and Sinjin flushed again.
"The problem with this mountain is it's full of holes," Osbourne said, and all eyes turned to him. "In order to secure it, you'd need to fill far too many openings."
"He's right," Strom said.
"They're right," Kendra said.
"I hear you," Sinjin said. "We cannot defend others until we can defend ourselves."
"Thank you!" Kendra said. "Was that so difficult?"
Strom gave her a disapproving look, and she closed her mouth forcefully.
"We've looked over the island," Sinjin said, "though not as thoroughly as I would like. We've found ruins but nothing more attractive than this."
"Perhaps we should look some more?" Kendra said with a twinkle in her eye.
Sinjin smiled. He loved his wife. "That's a splendid idea. I don't know about you, but I could use a second set of eyes."
Kendra just grabbed Strom by the arm and propelled him to where Gerhonda waited. Sinjin guided Osbourne toward Valterius. Durin was already saddling the dragon, and several people assisted Kendra and Strom saddle Gerhonda and get strapped in. Strom paled. "Perhaps you could just draw me a map," he said to Kendra and Sinjin laughed.
"It's not funny," Osbourne said. "I could make do with a map."
"It'll be fine and there is nothing like seeing for yourself. Am I right?"
Osbourne appeared dubious and looked Valterius up and down. "Do these things have a weight limit? I'm not made of flakewood, you know."
"I think Valterius can handle it," Sinjin said, and his dragon snorted, forcing Osbourne back a step. After climbing up, Sinjin offered Osbourne a hand, and his mother's old friend took it reluctantly. "I won't kill you. Promise," Sinjin said.
With that, Osbourne grabbed tight and pulled himself up. Durin climbed up and got Osbourne strapped in; he also double-checked Sinjin's straps, something Sinjin had grown accustomed to but still appreciated. Once Durin jumped down, Valterius started for the wind channel.
"Are we really ready? Are my straps tight enough?" Osbourne asked.
"You've been cleared," Sinjin said, and Gerhonda fell in alongside Valterius. Before anyone could say anything more, both dragons surged forward and thrust themselves into the warm, blue skies. Lush greenery was already reclaiming the scarred landscape around Windhold. Evidence of the mighty battle was largely obscured, but skeletal remains along with circular impressions left in stone and sandy areas were difficult to miss.
Strom held his breath as the world fell away from underneath him. This was worse than flying with Kenward, as now rock and trees hurtled toward him at incredible speed. When Gerhonda extended her wings, Strom was pressed down into his seat by the force, and he couldn't prevent the scream issuing from his lips. Osbourne, apparently, couldn't either. But then an amazing thing happened, Gerhonda and Valterius found thermals and started riding them in lazy circles. The land below grew farther away and the view even more impressive. They had seen some of this scenery on their approach aboard the Serpent, but that had been a very different experience.
Once the dragons had gained sufficient altitude, Sinjin and Valterius turned first and dived toward the twisting valleys. Gerhonda followed and Strom had never felt such a rush of excitement in his life. It was terrifying and thrilling and beautiful all at the same time. Kendra pointed out the second hollow mountain they had mentioned, where the openings were too small for the dragons. He also pointed out the clearly man-made ruins giving evidence of the Firstland's distant past. Beyond that, they had to squeeze through a narrow and twisting valley, and it didn't appear wide enough to accommodate them. With wings trimmed, the dragons narrowly avoided the rocky peaks. As a passenger, it was difficult to do anything but ride along and watch the rapidly approaching trees and rock. Despite that, Strom turned his head and looked about as they flew. Just before they burst forth from the narrow valley, he saw a bright flash of green light.
Before them waited an amazing sight. The Valley of Victors was far more imposing when seen up close than from afar. The dragons flew along the twisting river, the Eternal Guardians rising up before them, only the giant statues were facing the other direction. Even from behind, though, they demanded respect. Strom could barely keep his breath for all the wondrous sights, though his eye was drawn by dark shapes moving through the trees and causing the canopy to shake. When the harbor came into view, shrouded by black beaches lined with glistening bodies, Strom forgot everything else. Corpulent seal-like creatures sunned themselves along the shores and on glistening rock formations.
Valterius winged toward a section of beach free of wildlife. As his shadow approached, many of the distended beasts thrust themselves into the water. With a few flaps of his wings, Valterius slowed and landed on the obsidian beach. Gerhonda landed not far away.
"I thought you might like a chance to catch your breath," Sinjin said.
"Is it safe to be here?" Osbourne asked.
"The dragons will keep most of the wildlife at a distance," Kendra said. "But if you see a big, black fin coming, get away from the water."
"Maybe I'll just stay up here," Osbourne said.
Strom unstrapped himself and climbed down. The flight hadn't been a long one, but it felt good to stretch nonetheless. Eventually Osbourne joined them.
"We considered moving closer to the beaches, where it is easy to land, but there are too many predators at forest level. The hollow mountains are the only inhabitable structures at a sufficient height above the tree line. We can look some more, but I'm not sure how much we'll find."
"It could be nothing," Strom said, and all eyes rested on him. "Have you ever seen green light flash in that gorge?" He pointed to the place through which they had flown.
"No," Sinjin said after turning his eyes to where Strom pointed. "That's a pretty tricky stretch. I've never noticed much of anything going through there. Too busy trying to stay alive."
"What did you see?" Kendra asked.
"It lasted only for an instant," Strom said. "But I saw a flash of green light come from up there, by where that flat spot is, next to the dip. See where I mean?"
No one did.
"If you'll fly us back up there," Strom said, "I'll show you."
"We'll have to get some serious altitude over the sands," Kendra said. "You know how dangerous the air above those peaks can be. One downdraft, and you'll be smeared across the mountainside."
"Maybe we should wait here while you look," Osbourne said. "I'm sure the extra weight just makes it more dangerous."
"Come on, Osbourne," Strom said. "I see a big, black fin coming. Don't get eaten."
"Very funny," Osbourne said until he, too, saw the giant fin racing toward shore. He managed to get back in his place atop Valterius before anyone else. The fin continued toward them, pushing a wall of water with it, and one of the oversized seals was thrown into the air by the wave. The shark's head and gleaming white teeth gnashed the air as the seal writhed, trying to escape its fate. The shark was ready and struck as soon as the creature hit the water. It was over in an instant, and Osbourne paled even further.
Strom wasted no time in regaining the saddle, and the dragons kept close watch on the shoreline. Strom didn't want to think about who would win in a battle between shark and dragon, and he triple-checked the straps holding him in. Kendra checked them herself once, and they were on their way. With a powerful leg thrust and a few wing flaps, the dragons gained the air. Soaring low over the water, they could see oversized shadows moving beneath the surface. Strom didn't want to know what those creatures were. Knowing such massive beasts now ruled the seas and the skies, he felt a great deal smaller than he once had. It was an adjustment all of them had to make. On the Godfist or even the Greatland, humans had been at the top of the food chain. Here the same could not be said. These days, no place was safe.
Soon black beach rushed beneath them again, and warmer air pushed them upward. Higher and higher they went, and it still wasn't high enough to suit Kendra or Sinjin. Strom's head felt as if it would explode, and he wasn't certain how much more he could take. Kendra showed him how to relieve some of the pressure by holding his nose, closing his mouth, and blowing. Though he felt much better afterward, he still wasn't certain how much more altitude he could withstand. Thin air left him struggling to breathe. Kendra noticed his discomfort and signaled to Sinjin.
"Be careful," he shouted.
Flying through the valley had been a frightening experience. Knowing it was a good bit safer than what they were about to do made Strom's stomach hurt. Clouds obscured much of the landscape below them. The air moved in ripping torrents, sheared by the peaks themselves. Tenacious trees clung to the heights, reaching out to them and coming perilously close. Valterius pulled away from the rocky peak, but Kendra would not be so easily dissuaded. Strom held on with a white-knuckled grip. If she or Gerhonda miscalculated, they could slam into the side of a mountain. Clouds obscured his vision, and he waited for death to come. Instead, they burst into an area almost completely surrounded by peaks. Misshapen spires surrounded a grove, and by their very shape, they directed the persistent wind into the hidden valley, creating a persistent updraft.
Gerhonda floated on the updraft, small movements of her wings allowing her to turn them in a slow circle. Moments later, Valterius burst from the mists, his roar echoing within the sheltered vale. No one spoke as they took in the beauty of the place. At the center stood a clearing of weathered stone with twenty-four towering green crystals on the perimeter. And in the surrounding valley walls were openings large enough to admit dragons. Each one was shaded by overhanging rock that made them difficult to see from above.
Valterius landed first and Gerhonda floated down beside him. The landing was remarkably soft. This time no one hesitated in climbing down and exploring what they had found. It was impossible not to be drawn to the crystals. With flat, glossy faces, they formed geometric shapes with no names. White striations broke up the green. They were beautiful beyond description. Each stone was unique, and the deeper you stared into them, the more texture you found. Strom backed up when he realized all of them were staring directly into the crystals.
"Do not get lost," Strom said. His words echoed.
It took a moment before the others responded, as if they had to cover a great distance to return.
"Wow," was all Osbourne managed to say.
"Beautiful," Kendra said, running her hand along a sheer face.
Strom walked to the center of the vale, to the very heart of the bare stone. Never had he known power like Catrin's, save maybe when her dragon had spoken in his mind or when he was at the forge and swinging a hammer. The world shimmered around him, the updraft warm, almost gentle in its caress. Perhaps it was just his mind playing tricks, but Strom would swear he felt something. This place had such power even he could feel it. For once, he was glad Catrin was not by his side; what might happen if she tapped into this power? He tried not to think about it.
Sinjin stared into the crystals until Kendra went to pull him away. Osbourne joined them. "It's creepy," he said.
Strom knew exactly what he meant. This was so much like the event in the Grove of the Elders all those years ago, yet it was so very different. It smelled the same, as if the air were charged, like right before a storm.
Kendra led Sinjin away from the crystals, but rather than coming to where Strom and Osbourne stood, she took him toward a shaded entrance. Strom moved in that direction, and Osbourne followed, still in an apparent haze. The air was cooler there, and there was less of an updraft. The openings themselves, five of them, were large enough to admit regent dragons, which meant no problems admitting the smaller regal dragons--except all of the orifices were blocked.
Strom whistled when he saw the stones used to block the entryways. The blocks were well cut and would weigh as much as a warship. "They really didn't want anyone getting in there," he said.
Kendra had her arms crossed over her chest, her thoughts clearly intense.
"What would it take to move these stone blocks?" Sinjin asked.
"Dragons--" Osbourne said.
"And Martik," Strom finished for him.

* * *

Martik had never been more frustrated. Trinda had forbidden him to work any more on the great wheel, which continued to turn a little faster every day. He suspected there was a limit to how fast such a colossal stone could turn and not have disastrous consequences. Yet he was denied access to the vast new stores of ancient knowledge found within the hold. Surely there had to be clues if not the answers themselves, and they were just out of reach.
The only thing he was allowed to concentrate on now was the viewing chamber. He knew what had happened to Catrin and Prios when they had used the chamber without the metal-streaked stone throne, like the one present within Ohmahold's viewing chamber. 
A stack of books with descriptions of the stone chairs and their composition were brought to him, but he was no miner or prospector. He was trained to build things made of stone, not figure out where to dig for rare and specific types of stone. He didn't know how much metal there had to be within the rock for the chairs to serve their purpose, or even exactly what types of metal were needed. All he had were dimensions and a vague idea of the required material.
He could deduce from what he knew of Catrin's work that she had commissioned stone thrones from the Greatland. This led him to believe the required stone was not known to exist here on the Godfist and that it was known to exist somewhere in the Greatland. It occurred to him that the thrones Catrin commissioned were probably still resting within Catrin's Vale upon the Firstland. That thought stuck and Martik struggled to find words capable of convincing Trinda to allow Sinjin to bring the throne.
There was nothing else for him to do regarding the viewing chamber. It was fully functional, had no moving parts, and essentially consisted of two holes cut in a stone wall. It was exasperating. 
He could no longer avoid the inevitable. He needed to face Trinda. They had not spoken in person since his "betrayal," as she referred to it in her missives. She was clearly still not pleased with him, but he could stand his current assignment no longer. Perhaps if he was able to negotiate a trade with Sinjin, he would be allowed to go back to work on the wheel until Sinjin arrived.
Walking into the hall, he found Bernerd, Trinda's trusted guard.
"I need to speak with the queen," he said.
"Why?" Bernerd asked, disinterested.
"Because I need to speak with her about the viewing chamber."
"What, exactly, about the viewing chamber do you need to speak with the lady about? You see, the thing you must understand is that anything you wish to say to the queen must be said to me first."
"The thrones we need are on the Firstland."
"See now? That wasn't so difficult. And how do you propose to retrieve them? Do you require a boat?" Bernerd asked with a smile.
"I suggest we trade with Sinjin Volker for it."
It took a moment for Bernerd to stop laughing, but he finally wiped a tear and drew a deep breath. "This should be fun to watch. I'm going to allow it just to see her react when you say the name Sinjin Volker. Trade, he says . . ." Bernerd continued to laugh as he led Martik to Trinda's day apartments. It was rare for him to be allowed into her personal space. Bernerd wanted it as uncomfortable for him as possible.
"And why is he here?" she said by way of greeting.
Bernerd smiled. "He insisted on seeing you." Trinda turned to Martik with a raised eyebrow. Insisted wasn't the word Martik would have used. "He has a question he simply must ask you. Go ahead, traitor, ask her."
Could there be a worse setup for a question? Martik wondered. He thought not.
"You have asked me to understand the viewing chamber and bring it to full utility, as you put it," Martik said, pausing to take a breath under Trinda's cold stare. "It is my opinion the correct composition of stone is not known on the Godfist, and commissioning new thrones will be expensive, laborious, and take a long time. This all seems avoidable since the very thrones Catrin commissioned are resting on the Firstland."
Trinda's soured.
"Surely if we offered them something, they would be willing to trade. I'm betting they would bring the thrones to us."
"Only if the thrones are delivered by Brother Vaughn," Trinda said, shocking both Martik and Bernerd.
He knew the man had been close to Trinda, but it was an odd thing for her to request, especially when he had expected a real fight. "What may I offer them in trade?" he asked, wondering if this was where it would begin.
Trinda tapped her chin for a moment then gave him a wicked smile. "Perhaps I should offer them you."
Martik didn't know what to say.
"Or perhaps I'll keep you just a little bit longer," she continued.
The girl did have a cruel streak.
"Offer them food and goods of equal weight. They may select what they wish from the market when they arrive. I believe they are aware of the quality of our produce, herbs, spices, and other goods. You have way to get word to the Volker boy?"
"Uh . . . yeah," he admitted.
"At least you were honest about that bit," she said. "Go. Send your missive."

* * *

Sinjin sat across the table from Strom, Osbourne, and Durin and had Kendra by his side, along with Arakhan and Mikala. Surely they would find some solution to their problems, he thought, yet they mostly came up with more questions. What was in the head of Trinda Hollis was a subject of much discussion, but no one could say for certain what the girl was up to. She was as easy to understand as dragons, Kendra had come to say. 
Sinjin thought the same could be said for women in general.
Durin sighed. "I'm worried we might end up spending a lot of resources and energy with the very real chance there's nothing in those holes worth having," he said. And Sinjin recalled Durin had just been saying how nice it was to have finally settled in to his new home. 
Sinjin could see his point, but he also saw what Strom and Osbourne meant about the sheer lack of physical security. If the ferals wanted to attack, they could fly right in, just as they had when the regent queen had been here, and knowing where her skull rested made clear the outcome.
"It's worth at least investigating," Kendra said. "If you don't believe me, then I'll take you up there and show you. No one who has been there would feel as you do."
Durin waved his hands in front of him, "No need. I just wanted to make my point. Do what you need to do, just try not to use all of our precious resources in the process, and try not to get anyone killed. You all aren't the folks I'd call if I needed help moving dragon-sized rocks, except maybe because you actually have dragons. But seriously, don't kill yourselves."
Sinjin turned to Arakhan. "Who among you are the builders?"
Arakhan shrugged. "No builders, only shaman. There are Drakon shamans. I am one."
"Do you know how to move heavy stone?"
Arakhan shook his head. "Not much stone in Arghast Desert."
"I guess it's up to us, then," Sinjin said, turning at Kendra.
"We'll find a way," Kendra said.
As if summoned by her words, a young member of the Dragon Clan ran up, holding a pigeon. It bore a message. Sinjin smiled. The birds were working out well, even if he had to send many birds to get a single message through; it was better than being cut off from Dragonhold and the Vestrana.
After removing the tiny, rolled parchment wrapped around the bird's leg, Sinjin saw a simple note. Send stone chairs and Brother Vaughn in exchange for equal weight in food and goods. No dragons. As soon as he saw the words, his mouth watered. There were things from the Godfist all of them longed for and could not have. If this was a chance to open up trade with the people of the Godfist, Trinda Hollis aside, then it could be a boon for him and his people.
"It sounds like a trap," Durin said. "I wouldn't put it past her. That girl has issues. And she's sneaky."
"And why ask for Brother Vaughn?" Kendra asked.
"I really don't know," Brother Vaughn said. "Though I'll admit I'm not certain I wish to go. It's a long voyage by boat, and I don't remember seeing any docked in the bay. And she said no dragons."
Sinjin's visions of sausage breads and cheese faded.

Chapter 8
Potential is often smothered by doubt.
--Brother Vaughn, Cathuran monk

* * *

Within the dry dock, ropes sang with tension, as four regal dragons lowered the stone chair directly into the Serpent's hold. Even as a group, the weight was almost too much for the mighty beasts. Valterius bellowed and Gerhonda responded, as did Atherian and Grekka, ridden by Arakhan and Mikala. The four strained and struggled to work together against the wind and the weight; it was a perilous and risky venture, and it was just the beginning.
"I know they say I'm insane," Kenward said, "but this is beyond even my foolhardiness. Everything my mother has ever said to me tells me not to do this."
Those words made Sinjin consider his options once again. They could send for a traditional ship, but that would take months. The Dragon's Wing could do the job, but she wasn't due back from the Greatland for weeks either.
"The Wing is a faster ship, yes?" Brother Vaughn asked. "I mean no offense, of course."
"Under certain conditions," Kenward admitted grudgingly. "The journey between the Firstland and the Godfist is dangerous due to far more than just distance. A single storm can add weeks to the voyage. Those seas are among the stormiest I know, and it can be impossible to avoid them on the open seas. The Serpent can sometimes fly above storms that would relegate the Dragon's Wing back into the waves. The Serpent does not require someone with access to Istra's powers to stay aloft, which makes her the faster vessel under many circumstances."
Brother Vaughn nodded. "It's said that Catrin and Kyrien made the trip in under a week."
"If that is true," Kenward said with a shiver. "I suspect it was not an entirely natural occurrence."
Again, Brother Vaughn nodded.
"There is no way Valterius and I can travel that fast--at least not that I know of," Sinjin added. "We would be at the mercy of the winds as much or more than either ship."
Brother Vaughn sighed in frustration. 
"I'm not even certain the Serpent can handle the weight," Kenward said.
Brother Vaughn stood next to Kenward, looking no more confident. When the throne had been lowered into place, the knots in his guts snatched tighter, making him fear he would be sick. It was the least of his troubles.
With but one stone chair in place, Sinjin and Kendra dismounted, knowing the ship could carry no more. Still, two trips with the Serpent should be faster than a single sea voyage.
"Trinda isn't going to be happy," Kendra said.
Sinjin shrugged.
The other Drakon went back to their usual business, some flying out to sea in search of fish bulky enough to feed growing dragons, others soaring low through the valleys or high above on patrol. Soon that rhythm would be disrupted, but Sinjin enjoyed the new familiarity while it lasted. The awkward ship reminded him change was inevitable and moving at a pace unrivaled in history.
"We've discussed this," Kendra said to Kenward. "Without most of your crew aboard, you'll need far fewer supplies, which will offset the additional weight."
"Myself, two crewmen, and him?" Kenward asked. "I mean no insult, Brother Vaughn, but you aren't trained in the workings of this airship, and your usefulness will be limited. That's about enough people to operate the boiler and man the tiller. What about the sails and rigging, and the lookout? Do you think the monk is going to climb to the crow's nest?"
Brother Vaughn said nothing, knowing that climb was truly beyond his abilities or desires.
"How much of your crew do you plan to leave behind?" Kendra asked.
"I don't want to leave any of them behind," Kenward sulked.
"And once you're in the air, you'll know if the Serpent can support more weight, correct?"
"I suppose so, yes," Kenward said.
"Then I'll bring Bryn on Gerhonda and we'll lower them onto your deck. Is that satisfactory?"
"That's a dangerous plan," Brother Vaughn said. "Gerhonda could easily get hung up in the rigging."
"That's why I didn't offer to have the Drakon ferry more of the crew onto the ship once she's in the air," Kendra said. "However, one or two I think we can handle. And if it truly is too dangerous, then we'll abort the mission."
"Don't mind my wife," Sinjin said. "She hasn't had sausage bread in too long, and the thought of Godfist food is perhaps more than she can bear." She elbowed him in the ribs. "You don't have to do anything you don't think you can handle. We could just wait until the Dragon's Wing arrives. I don't think she'll have any trouble."
"I may be pushy," Kendra whispered in his ear, "but you're evil."
Brother Vaughn remained silent. Part of him wanted to return to Dragonhold and see all those he'd left behind. Leaving his wife, Mirta, in Windhold was not something he wanted, especially since he had just been gone to the Heights for so long. He'd also sworn never to board the Serpent again, let alone the Serpent with a skeleton crew and too much weight in the hold. Kenward had said he thought the ship would float, despite not being water tight, but the truth was that the Serpent had never touched the water and there was no way to know what would happen if she ever came down over the seas. This was particularly disconcerting knowing just how much water they'd have to cross to reach the Godfist.
"Where are the minstrels among you?" Kenward said. "Songs" will be sung of this."
Brother Vaughn swallowed hard. He'd secretly been hoping Kenward would refuse, for he could not. He'd long ago taken an oath to put the good of those around him before his own needs. It was an oath some of his order interpreted loosely, but Brother Vaughn had lived his life in accordance with his vows, and he wasn't about to stop now. His bravery had difficulty matching his nobility, though, and his knees trembled.
"I'll not ask anyone to board the Serpent unless they wish it," Kenward said. "I know she'll fly, but you must find your own belief."
Farsy stepped forward without hesitation. He'd been with Kenward the longest and trusted the man implicitly. Nimsy and Sevon stepped forward next, and neither said a word; they just took their places next to Farsy, having been integral in the design of the more experimental parts of the ship. Though new to the crew, Sevon's nimble fingers and uncanny understanding of mechanics had proven invaluable. All had known they were the captain's first choice, and they were unwilling to let him down; risking their lives for Kenward had long since lost its chill.
Next Bryn stepped forward, despite knowing he might not get aboard. He looked as if he were trying hard not to think about what he was getting himself into.
"Very well," Kenward said after a prolonged silence. "Farsy, Nimsy, and Sevon, pack the coal bins tight, stoke the fires, fill the barrels, and check the ropes. More weight requires more fuel, which means more weight. Anything more, and I'll have no crew at all. Bryn, you ride with the lady. May you find your way safely to my deck once again."
Bryn nodded solemnly. The Serpent's crew responded to these orders, and the ship was soon nearly ready to fly. Farsy and Nimsy manned the fires from belowdecks, and Sevon worked amid the rigging. Brother Vaughn wished the man well; all their lives depended on his work, which was something he tried not to think about.
Slowly the wind socks filled, the air pulling at them, and the Serpent sat lightly in the dry dock. Kenward rushed about the ship, checking and double-checking things usually the responsibility of others. His frantic movements did little to ease the knots in Brother Vaughn's gut. It was a terrifying feeling to know you were about to gain the air with no way of knowing if you would fly or come crashing back down. Trinda had requested him by name, and Kenward was unwilling to risk having Brother Vaughn flown in by dragon. The monk reconsidered the decision. Now that the time had come, flying in became more appealing.
"Maybe the dragons could escort the Serpent until we get near the Godfist," Brother Vaughn said as the wind picked up.
Black smoke belched from the chimstack, and the socks billowed one last time before snapping taut in the wind. The sound of flakewood grinding against stone gave the impression the ship was being torn apart. Those aboard had secured themselves and were as prepared for this as they could be, but there was nothing that could completely prepare a person for being taken by a sudden gust of wind with sail and wind socks fluttering around you.
A rocky shoreline rushed toward them, scrubby trees ready to provide a final embrace, Brother Vaughn screamed; he was not alone. The Serpent spun out of control, losing what little altitude they had. Shouting came from above as well, but he could not understand what was being said. The only thought his mind could comprehend was that he was about to die. Wings flashed by and Brother Vaughn saw Bryn leaning out with a gaff and trying to free a snagged rope. His valiant effort lacked the strength or leverage to free it. What the young man had done, though, was show Gerhonda exactly what needed doing, and she used her claws to untwist the lines securing the wind socks. The ropes snapped taut with a whip like sound, and the prow moved upward, righting the ship. Dragons latched on to the Serpent from all sides and helped to lift the otherwise doomed ship away from the jagged shoreline. Branches smashed into the hull even as the dragons strained, and black smoke filled the air.
Taking deep breaths, Brother Vaughn did his best to not hyperventilate. The ship gained the air, and the dragons peeled away, one by one. Kenward guided the ship out over the water, where the air was cooler. The Serpent did not fly as high as she had in the past, despite the fires radiating heat through the slats of the deck. Gerhonda and Kendra came closer, Bryn riding anxiously behind Kendra and still wielding a gaff.
"I'm sorry, m'boy," Kenward shouted over the sound of his hissing and whirring ship. "There's just too much weight. I can't get her higher than this without throwing the monk overboard."
Brother Vaughn swallowed, not entirely certain he was joking.
"May the winds be kind and bring you home," Kendra said. Gerhonda turned and wheeled away, back toward Windhold.
Bryn's expression made it clear he longed to be on the ship, and Brother Vaughn felt bad for having taken his place. Trinda had given him no choice. What she could want with him, he had no idea, but he did not fear the girl. It was the waters separating them he dreaded most. Again, he wished the dragons would escort them, but he also understood the Drakon were still in survival mode and could scarcely afford to lose their most valuable resources for weeks or months on end. Still, a single dragon and rider could not have hurt, and they would soon burn enough fuel and consume enough rations to allow for additional weight. If Kendra and Bryn were not already beyond earshot, he would have called them back and begged.
Kenward approached with a smile on his face. That worried Brother Vaughn more than anything. "How are you with a shovel?" Kenward asked, his grin never fading.

* * *

Approaching Dragonhold was surreal. The Pinook Valley was wide, providing sufficient room to move, but Kenward still kept them as high as he could, which wasn't high enough to clear the peaks. It also wasn't high enough to reach what Kenward knew was an airship dock atop Dragonhold. It was from there Trinda had saved Brother Vaughn from the ferals. Kenward reminded himself of that act. She had been kind to him, and she had treated the people of the Godfist well. He had no quarrel with her, save the actual taking of Dragonhold. It was something he would need to bury deeply and quickly. The wrong words within the hold could get them all killed, no matter how kind she'd been in the past.
Denied the proper airship dock, Kenward reluctantly flew toward the main entrance to Dragonhold, which was far grander than when he'd last seen it. Rising from the valley floor was a bulwark to dwarf any other on Godsland. The stairways, once exposed to dragon attacks, were now concealed within white stone fascia. Near the top, construction continued, and the old gates remained in place. These gates had served Dragonhold well since their hasty construction and would still deny the Serpent entrance should the child queen wish it. The gates ponderously swung open. Kenward gripped the wheel, watching the approach with intense concentration. The Serpent had yet to land the same way twice.
The entrance to Dragonhold was large enough to admit them into the towering great hall, but there wasn't much extra height. Gusting crosswinds made this an even more perilous endeavor.
"We're going to have to come in fast," Kenward shouted. "We need all the air in the socks, and all the thrust we can muster. We can come in a little high, but we can't come in too low. The socks will likely catch, so be ready for a rough landing."
Brother Vaughn secured himself to the rail and stood with his knees bent. When Kenward warned of a rough landing, a wise man took it seriously. The valley felt much smaller, as Kenward guided the ship lower and lower. Towering stone walls rushed by in a blur, giving evidence to their speed. Too fast, thought Brother Vaughn. Kenward held his course. The mighty gates were now open as wide as they would go. Height wasn't the only issue; the opening was narrow as well.
"This is going to be close, people," Kenward shouted. "Brace yourselves!"
There were no dragons here to save them this time, and if Kenward misjudged, it could be the end of them. Brother Vaughn breathed fast and tried to be brave. It made him feel somewhat better when Kenward's screams matched his own.
The mountain consumed them. With little more than a whispered brush, the Serpent entered Dragonhold like an albatross--beautiful in flight yet awkward and dangerous when landing. Not everyone had been expecting an airship to enter the hold, and people scattered in all directions as the Serpent dropped to the cold stone and skidded. Slowly the Serpent rotated and slid, the wind socks cast forward by a gust even as the mighty gates swung shut. The jarring impact and subsequent bouncing threatened to shake the ship apart.
Brother Vaughn stood on trembling knees and couldn't help but feel anxious as the gates blotted out the sky. They were left in torchlight, which struck Brother Vaughn as ironic since Trinda had the largest stockpile of herald globes in existence. He knew there were a few in private collections that had escaped her grasp. It stung knowing the one Catrin had given him personally was among Trinda's hoard. It wasn't the kind of thing one forgot. He was also reminded of the cube he'd lost. Ever since he'd discovered its true purpose, he'd wanted to get back to Dragonhold and find out just what could be locked away with such an elaborate key.
The Serpent issued black smoke and steam for some time after entering the great hall, and Brother Vaughn wondered if it wouldn't be wise to open the gates enough to let the wind carry it away. As it was, most people were coughing and moving away from the main hall.
"I've allowed this ship within my hold," Trinda suddenly said, and Brother Vaughn looked up to the place from where her voice had come. Once again, she sat on the oversized throne left by the ancients. She gazed down on Brother Vaughn, and familiar feelings of confusion and distrust washed over him. He'd done what he could to help this girl--woman, Brother Vaughn corrected himself, no matter how she appeared--and she'd turned on those he cared for. And yet she'd cared for many of those he loved as well. Trinda Hollis was an unsolvable puzzle, and he put his feelings aside. He could do some good here, and that was what he intended to do. Foster relations, trading, and in general have a positive impact on the situation. At least that was what he thought he was going to do.
"I want to see the thrones," Trinda said, and Brother Vaughn's blood went cold. "Martik! Have your people unload my cargo."
"Begging your pardon, your highness," Kenward said. "We were only able to transport one of the thrones this trip."
Silence heavier than he'd ever known enveloped the hall.
"You insult me," Trinda said, her voice as cold as the stone surrounding her. "I asked for two thrones, and you have defied me!" As she said these words, Trinda slammed her fist on the throne upon which she sat, her arms nowhere near long enough to reach the actual armrests. She sat in the middle of the throne, like a child's toy. When her fist struck stone, however, it was clear neither was she a toy nor should she be trifled with. Cold air rushed away from her striking fist, chilling whatever it touched and leaving steaming frost in its wake.
Stinging from the cold, Brother Vaughn stepped forward, hoping to defuse the situation. "There was no other way, child," he said, realizing his error even as the words left his lips.
"Do not call me child!"
This time, when Trinda's fist met stone, there was fire. Blue flame radiated outward, singeing everything in its path. Feeling as if he'd been assaulted and smelling burned hair, Brother Vaughn braced himself for the worst.
"You will get whatever supplies you need to make the journey, and you will fetch the remaining throne," Trinda said, and there was no room for argument. At least she was providing supplies. It showed the girl had good sense and was not inclined to cruelty as a matter of course. Trinda Hollis was nothing if not intriguing.
"My lady," Kenward said, eyeing the Serpent's crumbling timbers. "My ship was damaged during our landing. I doubt the quantity of flakewood I need to repair her is within the hold. May I--?"
"Get him what he needs," Trinda said to a nearby guard. The man nodded and moved to face Kenward. A younger man with a wax tablet and stylus approached. "And do not let him rob me," she added. "This man is a scoundrel."
Kenward made no argument and instead bowed to Trinda. The woman in a girl's body was thoughtful, and Brother Vaughn knew there was far more intellect behind those eyes than most would admit. She was up to something, perhaps many things, and he wished he knew what she planned. Everyone within the hold said she had an uncanny ability to read Dragonhold, as if communicating with it. The underground fortress was expansive beyond reckoning, yet she continued to discover its secrets.
When Kenward finished listing the items he needed, the guard and his scribe turned to the throne. Trinda met the guard's eyes, and he nodded to her. She nodded in return. Kenward started breathing again. It was then he realized Martik's crew were about to unload the throne. "Wait!" he said. "She's gonna shift when you move that thing!"
Martik waved off Kenward's worry as he orchestrated his crew, who made him proud. Using a hastily constructed hoist with a thick, oiled rope, they lifted the hulking metallic stone chair and eased it away from the Serpent. Using braces and sandbags, the ship had stabilized and secured. The crew worked with speed and efficiency Brother Vaughn admired. Not many achieved such a high level of teamwork and competency. 
Once it was freed from the ship's hold, the crew lowered the throne onto wooden braces then disassembled the hoist. Using the same materials, they built a platform around the throne. It would take many strong bodies to move the stone and metal chair; this platform with its raised supports would make it easy for them to do so. These people worked with smooth, quiet efficiency--impressive, indeed. Now if he could just figure out how to get Martik out of Dragonhold and to the Firstland, where he was really needed.
"I wish to see the throne in place," Trinda said. "All of you are to be present. Without you, the throne would not be here. All of you. My guards will care for your ship."
Kenward was hesitant but the size and number of guards nearby provided him ample motivation. They were in Trinda's hold and would need to do as they were told while they remained here. Brother Vaughn still had no idea why he'd been summoned. He thought perhaps it had been a mistake, or maybe she'd forgotten asking specifically for him. She hadn't so much as greeted him--another puzzle.
Martik and his crew were already halfway across the great hall when Trinda had her guards help her down. She followed the same path as Martik, and the Serpent's crew fell in behind, followed by more guards. This trip was not optional.
Being back amid the towering columns was reminiscent for Brother Vaughn, though it was in far better repair this time around. Under Trinda's rule, a great many things had been restored to their original luster or had been improved upon, as with the bulwark facade. 
Even the throne had been commissioned by Catrin and Prios and fulfilled their desires. Both had nearly died in the viewing chamber because they lacked the anchor effect these very thrones provided. Catrin and Prios were gone. Emotion threatened to overcome him. Never would he get over the loss of them. Never.
The viewing chamber was much as Brother Vaughn remembered it: small, sparse, and with two holes in the chamber's outer wall, open sky beyond. This was among the very few places within the hold where one could see the sky. This alone made the room remarkable. The single throne cast the room out of symmetry. Two holes, one throne. The balance was gone, and it offended the eye.
"Do you see what you've done?" Trinda asked, her voice shrill.
"I apologize, m'lady," Kenward said.
"You should've brought the other chair and left him behind," she said, pointing to Brother Vaughn. It was the first she had acknowledged him. It was an ill auspice. He reconsidered the wisdom in coming here.
"But since you are here," Trinda said, "I'll be kind, as you once were to me."
A bit of hope bloomed in Brother Vaughn's chest. "Thank you," he said, trying to appear deferential.
"Come," Trinda said. "All of you." Brother Vaughn wasn't certain why she kept saying that, but she gave him little time to ponder. As they entered the hallway running between the great hall and the God's Eye, Trinda stopped. "Fetch the diver," she said, and a man sprinted back toward the great hall. Trinda, though, turned and walked toward the God's Eye. Brother Vaughn walked with a sense of anticipation and wonder. Did she know? he asked himself. What could she possibly want to show them in that expansive underground lake? He knew some of what lurked there, and he reached for the cube out of habit, lamenting the loss of it.
Logan, the diver, nodded to Brother Vaughn after catching up with them and making his way to the water's edge. He wore nothing but a loin wrap and looked out of place standing beside Trinda and her guards. From within her white robes, Trinda pulled a glowing orb. It cast warm light that bounced off the water: a herald globe. "Do you remember?" Trinda asked Brother Vaughn, who nodded. "I sang for you and summoned the fish. Do you remember?"
"I remember," he said.
"Good," Trinda continued. "You were kind to me, and I'll now return the favor."
Brother Vaughn didn't know how to tell her he'd lost the cube.
"Sevellon," Trinda said. "The time has come."
Sevellon, Brother Vaughn thought, how did he know that name?
From behind Kenward, Sevon stepped into the herald globe's light. Kenward hissed. Sevon turned with an apology in his eyes. "Mistress," he said.
"I do like it when you call me that, Sevellon," Trinda said with the closest thing to a smile Brother Vaughn had ever seen on her face. "What do you have for me?"
"Just the items requested, mistress."
Brother Vaughn watched in disbelief when Sevon--or Sevellon--produced a familiar cube from his pockets. He also handed Trinda an object Brother Vaughn recognized. At first glance, it appeared to be nothing more than a small figurine. He recognized it as the one the lord chancellor had asked him to hold during a welcoming ceremony. He'd not realized it at the time, but this was something of great value. But why have him steal the cube?
"It was only a precaution," Trinda said, as if reading his thoughts. "I always intended you to be here for this, though I wasn't certain you'd come. I needed . . . insurance.
"Do you know what this is and how it works?" Trinda asked the diver.
"No, m'lady. I dived for it and found it, but I don't know what it is."
"Tell him," Trinda said to Kenward.
Brother Vaughn was a little surprised when Kenward began to speak; he was not a man accustomed to taking orders.
"It's a key," Kenward said. "A unique and special key meant to open only one thing, a ship's secondhold." The diver looked confused. "The hold is where the captain keeps his cargo. The secondhold is where the captain keeps his most precious belongings. If there's a ship down there and that key opens the secondhold, there's no telling what you'll find.
These words once again ignited Brother Vaughn's imagination, and he could imagine a great many possibilities, but he'd done that for years. Now he wanted to know what was actually in the secondhold.
"How does Logan use the key?" Brother Vaughn asked, unable to keep the impatience from his voice.
Kenward raised an eyebrow but didn't argue with Brother Vaughn. Instead, he turned back to Logan. "Look for the captain's quarters; they'll be the biggest. Search for trap doors, false bottoms in shelves, that sort of thing. Look for a recessed area the right size to accept the cube."
"Then what?" the diver asked.
Kenward just shrugged. "That's all I really know. It should allow a trap door to open, but you might have to do something else, maybe push on it or pull a lever. If that doesn't work, try changing the orientation of the cube."
"He's going to be under water," Brother Vaughn said. "That all sounds pretty complicated."
"Your only other choice is to raise the ship. And even then you might have trouble," Kenward said. "There's no way you'll get a proper secondhold open without the key or a dragon."
"May I see if I can find the secondhold first," Logan said, and Trinda nodded her assent and handed him the herald globe. "Don't lose this."
He nodded and stepped onto the barge. After Bradley poled them into place, Logan took a few deep breaths, slipped beneath the surface, and swam downward. The light in his hand grew brighter the deeper he went. A sunken ship emerged from the darkness, its shadow form pristine with clean, sharp lines.

Chapter 9
The greatest threat our world faces is unyielding belief.
--Barabas the druid

* * *

Wonder and excitement emanated from the usually implacable Trinda. No one could say what Logan would find, but Brother Vaughn could feel the collective hope the diver would find something. Locating the secondhold would be a feat in and of itself; opening it and retrieving its contents a near impossible task. 
When the man broke the surface and gasped for breath, Brother Vaughn knew he was pushing his abilities to their limits. Part of him feared the diver would swim into the ship and never find his way back out. It was a rational fear, and that was what troubled him most.
Glistening in the light of the herald globe he held in one hand, the diver had to breathe for a moment before he could speak. Trinda tapped her toe.
"I found the cabins," he said across the water. "Haven't figured out which is the captain's cabin yet. Some of the hatches are closed, so I'm going to check the open ones first."
Trinda sighed. "Do your best," she said.
After Logan took a few deep breaths, he dived and kicked his way back to the sunken ship.
Turning back at her guard, Trinda said. "Surely he's not the only person in the hold who can dive. Find the rest. Equip them and bring them here."
"Yes, m'lady," he said before leaving at nearly a full run, a wise move given Trinda's darkening mood.
Brother Vaughn watched the child queen and tried not to think about her that way. She'd hurt him, for certain, but that didn't seem to have been her intention. She never appeared to want to hurt anyone--except maybe Edling; she just wanted her way. Kenward was unusually quiet, and Brother Vaughn suspected it was because he was standing on solid ground, something the man quite openly detested. Even this marvelous body of water trapped within a mountain wasn't enough to overcome his discomfort. Trinda had almost complete control over him, his ship, and his crew, especially the thief who'd never been his to begin with; Brother Vaughn could understand his trepidation. Given the things that had come from Kenward's mouth in the past, he decided silence was the best he could hope for.
When the guard returned with three young men and two young women, each holding a herald globe as if it might explode at any instant, all of them were breathing hard.
"You bring me divers who are out of breath?" Trinda asked. "How good can they be?"
"I'm sorry, m'lady. I asked them to hurry, and these were the only people brave enough to answer the call."
Trinda nodded. "They are to be commended for their bravery," she said. "The water is cold and deep. Do not die. Your job is to help Logan and provide him light and not to die. Is that clear?" The divers all nodded, none bold enough to speak to the queen. They moved to the barge, but Trinda stepped in front of the smallest girl, who was younger than Trinda appeared. "Do your parents know you're here?"
The girl nodded.
"Do not die."
"I won't die, m'lady," the girl finally said, her voice quavering. "I used to clean the barnacles from our fishing boat before--"
Trinda nodded and stepped out of the girl's way. When she turned, her eyes were greeted by an incredible sight. Six herald globes cast overlapping pools of light onto the subterranean lake floor. Not far away, Brother Vaughn knew there were crystalline formations in a megalithic feral dragon's likeness. The divers had been urged to avoid the area, not because Trinda feared it, but she must have known the divers would. Brother Vaughn couldn't argue with the logic, since he, too, had been made to feel small, weak, and vulnerable upon seeing the mystical creature.
The ship itself was a design unlike anything Brother Vaughn had ever seen. It appeared there had been rowers in the middle decks, and she had no masts. There was no wind to speak of within this place. The ship must have been built within the cavern and would forever remain there. Trinda did not want the ship raised, even though it appeared perfectly preserved. Her only instruction had been to retrieve items of value, and specifically those items the ship's captain had considered most valuable.
"The ship has a name," Logan said when he next surfaced. "Drakon Ghar. Not sure what that means."
"I believe it means those of the dragon who protect," Brother Vaughn said.
"A guardian dragon," Trinda said, her visage unreadable. "I've never had one of those. I have wondered what it would be like. It's not all I expected it to be." No one made any response, and Brother Vaughn was trying to decide if it had been a joke. Unwilling to laugh at the wrong thing, he remained silent. Three more times Logan returned from the ship, though the rest surfaced twice as often. The young girl Trinda had questioned shivered so badly, her teeth knocked and her skin was a bluish color. "Out of the water," Trinda said, pointing to her. The girl might have protested but the glow in Trinda's eyes made her think better of it.
Smart girl, Brother Vaughn thought.
"Get her a blanket," Trinda said, and her guard went pale. Trinda just sighed and shook her head. "Someone had better go get some blankets, then, hadn't they?" He was already running.
Two boys got out of the water as well, and Trinda did not scold or chide them, nor did Bradley complain about conveying them to shore. When Trinda's guards returned with blankets, Trinda grabbed a blanket herself and wrapped it around the youngest girl's shoulders. She did, however, make sure the herald globes were returned to her guards. Logan broke the surface again and gasped for breath. "I think I found it," he said.
"The captain's quarters?" Trinda asked.
"The secondhold," he said. Subdued excitement rippled over those standing on the cold stone shore along the God's Eye. Trinda boarded the barge this time. When the barge reached the man who was treading water, Trinda knelt down and handed Logan the cube he himself had found and given to Brother Vaughn years ago. "Pardon me for saying this, m'lady, but if there's something in there that entitles a man to wine, women, and song, may I be first in line?"
Trinda laughed, her eyes twinkling. "You may."
"There's one other thing," Logan said, though he hesitated before continuing. "It looks to me like the captain of the Drakon Ghar sunk her intentionally. There's no battle damage, and all the hatches are open."
Brother Vaughn wasn't certain what to make of it, but his curiosity about the secondhold overwhelmed all else. Would Logan be able to open the secondhold? Would the ancient lock even function? Considering how well the ship was preserved, a part of him dared to hope. Another part knew the most dangerous dives were ahead. Twice more the diver came up for air, each time winded.
"Out of the water. All of you," Trinda said.
"I think I've just about got it open," Logan said. "Just one or two more dives, and we should know what's inside."
"Get out of the water, dry off, and warm up with some tea," Trinda said, and she turned her gaze on another of her guards. The man didn't know what to do at first, but then he must have realized there was no hot tea waiting for the divers, and he dashed away. "Fools," Trinda said under her breath; perhaps it was not meant for Brother Vaughn's ears, but he heard it nonetheless.
"Describe it to me," Trinda said to Logan once the barge reached shore. Kenward and Brother Vaughn stepped closer as the diver spoke quietly, still shivering. Trinda had been right. They needed to warm up. Had he misjudged her? Again?
"It's in what would have been the floor of the captain's cabin under a desk that's secured to the deck. I saw a square outline in the wood about the size of the cube. With a little prying, the wood plug came loose, and I saw the carvings within the recessed area. That's when I knew it was what you had asked me to find."
"You've done well," Trinda said. "Now tell me about the recess. What did it look like? Were the carvings the same as what's on the cube?"
Kenward listened intently but Brother Vaughn couldn't quite understand why she was pursuing this when he nearly had the secondhold open.
"It looked as if they had carved the cube out of that very piece of wood," Logan said. "The carvings on it fit perfectly into the ones in the recess once I had it turned the right way. That's what took me so long. I'm sorry."
"You have no reason to be sorry," Trinda said. "And here is your tea. I'm so glad you didn't have to wait any longer."
Trinda's guards had the good sense to look sheepish. "I've asked Miss Mariss to send hot food," Bernerd said.
"Thank you," Trinda said. "It's good to see you thinking for yourself."
"Yes, m'lady," he said, which annoyed Trinda. Everyone else wisely remained silent.
Runners arrived from the kitchens, and they brought thick stew in a kettle and loaves of bread. The stew was ladled into mugs and bread torn off in generous hunks. The divers eagerly accepted the food, except for Logan. "It's not good to dive with a full stomach," he said. "I want to get back in the water." The other divers hesitated, and he held up a hand to them. "I know where I'm going now, and I don't need any help this time. You all did a great job helping find it. Thank you. Eat."
Brother Vaughn thought Trinda might stand in his way, but she just nodded and stood aside. Logan handed his blanket to a guard and stepped onto the barge. Once back in the water, he dived without hesitation. Not for the first time, Brother Vaughn tried to understand why the herald globe shone more brightly the deeper it sank. Was it the cold or the pressure or the water itself? It should tell him something, but he couldn't figure out what it meant. No matter the mystery, the diver illuminated the floor of the God's Eye, and there appeared to be runes carved in the dark stone. Debris and artifacts from the sunken ship gave a tantalizing glimpse of the past, something Brother Vaughn had always longed for. History gave him context.
When Logan reentered the ship, he left those above with only shifting light beams as signs of his progress. Tension charged the air. Too many things could go wrong. Brother Vaughn was convinced that was why the diver had wanted the young people to stay on land; he was protecting them from what he knew might claim his life. Brother Vaughn admired the man's bravery and honorable intentions, but he cursed him under his breath at the same time. "And now we all just have to wait here and wonder if you're drowning or not," he said without meaning to.
"He's well," Trinda said, her eyes hooded, as if her thoughts were far away.
A moment later, Logan proved her correct and emerged from the Drakon Ghar, his legs pumping as he rushed back toward the surface. The diver swam to where Trinda waited. He was gasping for breath but held the herald globe steadily in one hand and a circular object in the other. "M'lady," he said. "I'm so sorry. I got the secondhold open, but this is all that was in there." He handed her a stone ring big enough to be worn like a bracelet. Brother Vaughn tried to get a better look at it, but Trinda turned away, leaning over as she examined it. He'd seen it for no more than an instant, yet he would have sworn it bore runes and maybe even a metallic glint.
He was about to ask Trinda what the ring was when Logan said, "Oh. And there was this." He reached down and pulled a rolled cloth from his loincloth, which was still submerged.
"Wait!" Brother Vaughn said as Logan moved to hand Trinda the rolled cloth. "Leave it under water. If you expose it to the air, it could disintegrate."
Trinda crossed her arms over her chest, met his eyes, and listened. Her expression was not entirely friendly.
He continued, speaking more quickly. "We need a vessel to move it out of the God's Eye without risking destroying it. And we'll need to move it to a colder part of the keep. There we can transcribe and preserve whatever knowledge it contains, even if we cannot save the item itself. May I enlist the help of your guards?"
Trinda stood silent for a moment, considering his words. "Do as he says."
People moved to obey her command and fill Brother Vaughn's requests. He wasn't certain it would work, but his studies on preserving knowledge told him it was his best chance. It also brought back painful memories of the order from which he was now estranged. He sought comfort in the fact that he lived his life by the Cathuran order's tenets, more so than many of his brothers and sisters, but those were prideful thoughts, and they shamed him. Only the knowledge of misdeeds at the hands of his brethren banished that shame. He was not innocent, but he was in the right.
"May we see the other . . . uh . . . thing?" Kenward asked seemingly against his better judgment.
"You'll get your chance," Trinda said with a smile that chilled Brother Vaughn. "But now's not the time. When you've secured the document, my guards will escort you to the great wheel. I think you'll find the conditions there favorable. By then, you should also have your supplies, and your repairs should be well under way." With a nod, she ended the conversation and walked away, most of her guards going with her.
Four guards remained. They would not meet his eyes. "You all know us, and you know we mean you no harm. Be at ease." The guards remained as they were, and Brother Vaughn sighed. So much in his world had changed, and little of it was for the better. He couldn't help but smile, though, when Martik arrived with a work crew and materials. Wood planks were assembled to make a small box, which they lined with oiled hide. The box was just wide enough to hold the rolled canvas. Martik instructed his men to build a larger container near the great wheel, one large enough to hold the unrolled scroll and still keep it submerged in elbow-deep water.
"I want water from the God's Eye to fill the container," Brother Vaughn said. "Don't use river water, please."
"Do as he says," Martik said. He leaned closer to Brother Vaughn and asked, "Strom and Osbourne?"
"They're fine," Brother Vaughn whispered. The guards pretended not to hear. "Though I'm not sure you'd get them aboard the Serpent again."
"Not sure you'd get me on her either," Martik said. Now it was Kenward pretending not to hear, though he was doing a poor job of it, his annoyance difficult to hide.
Once the transport vessel had been filled and checked for leaks, four of Trinda's guards lowered it into the water. The diver placed the rolled canvas in the vessel and climbed from the water.
"Move steadily and let everyone know if you are tiring," Martik said, "We'll get someone fresh to take over. The lady has made it clear she values this object and we are to treat it with care."
Brother Vaughn could barely contain his curiosity. Ever since they had found the cube, he'd wondered what purpose it could serve, and ever since Kenward had told him it was a key to the secondhold, he'd wanted to know what could possibly wait there. Part of him knew it might be illegible, its contents lost to the flow of time. Still he hoped.
Martik and his crew proved themselves as flexible as they were capable, and soon they were moving into parts of the keep Brother Vaughn had never seen before. The great wheel was a shock to see. He'd heard about it from Strom and Osbourne, but their descriptions failed to express the overwhelming presence and sense of unstoppable power the mighty apparatus conveyed. The water cascading over it kept it slick and glossy, and it reflected the amber light from enormous crystals overhead. The very scale of the place made Brother Vaughn wonder at how it had ever been constructed. Such mastery and power the ancients had! It made him feel small and ignorant.
A more permanent vessel waited there, ready to hold the document while he transcribed it, assuming there was something to transcribe. As soon as the scroll was moved into the more accommodating vessel, Martik turned to Brother Vaughn. "It's in your custody now," he said. "But if you don't mind, I'd like to stick around and watch what you do."
"I don't object at all," Brother Vaughn said, "though I can make no promises. It could be that the years have erased everything." As soon as he leaned down to examine the document further, he saw it wasn't so. Precise lines crossed what would be considered the outside of the rolled document. A single trip of cloth tied with a simple knot secured the scroll in spirit only and fell away at the slightest probing of Brother Vaughn's knife. It didn't bode well for the rest of the document. The parchment resisted being unrolled, cracking and splitting. Martik sucked in air over his teeth, and Brother Vaughn looked at him.
"Sorry," Martik said. "I hate it when people do that to me. Please, carry on."
Trying a different approach, Brother Vaughn used a straight edge to lift the seam all at once, and the document gradually revealed itself. The parchment had been used multiple times. There were messages then other messages between the lines of the first, and there were tallies and numbers jammed around the edges. Thick, dark lines emerged, revealing a more urgent message written over top everything else. It was only the beginning of a message, and Martik leaned in close, looking over Brother Vaughn's shoulder. The parchment resisted giving up the remainder, though. Again Martik sucked in air as the document tore and a chunk stayed where it had been for thousands of years. Brother Vaughn did what he could to recover the fragment, but it was completely fused. He continued, hoping the missing part could be reconstructed based on context, but he hated to lose anything. There could be many things to learn from all the messages on this document.
With trembling hands, Brother Vaughn continued his ministrations. The message emerged.
BEWARE THE FIFTH MAGIC.
He was fairly certain the third word was fifth, but much of it was missing. He could think of nothing else it might be, and he turned to Martik.
"I can't argue your translation," he said, "but I also can't be certain."
"You're right," Brother Vaughn said. "Fifth is my best guess, but it doesn't really tell us anything."
"That stone ring had writing on it too," Kenward said, but the guards' glares silenced him.
Brother Vaughn changed the subject. "I'd like to see if I can transcribe any of the older messages on this parchment."
"Those look like inventory tallies in the margins," Kenward said, "but if you want to translate an old love letter, be my guest."
Brother Vaughn wasn't certain the guards believed Kenward's last statement, but they did look at least a little less interested in what he was doing. Everything they said of any consequence was no doubt being relayed to Trinda, but maybe he could still learn something to give him an edge. Sadly, Kenward's prediction the other messages were love letters proved true.
"I don't think we're going to learn any more from this," Brother Vaughn finally said, and he stepped away from the vessel, his hands still dripping. To his surprise, the guards covered the vessel and stood watch over it. "I've completed my analysis," he said to one of the guards. "Can you please let her highness know--?"
"She knows," the man said, averting his gaze, making it clear Brother Vaughn would get nothing more from him. He was left with no idea what to do. Kenward fidgeted and Martik was already talking with men from his crew.
"I should be going," Kenward said into the awkward silence. "I'm sure her highness would like my ship out of her hall."
No one barred his path.

Chapter 10
Despite eons of disuse, weapons of the past threaten us all.
--Nat Dersinger, prophet

* * *

The Serpent was closer to being airworthy, but a few metal pieces needed to repair broken mounts had still not been sent from the smithy. Kenward wondered if Trinda had truly passed along his request since he hoped those working the smithy would not intentionally keep him waiting--certainly not under these circumstances. His attempts to visit the forge had proven he did not have free rein within the hold. He was left with two options: wait until Trinda decided to give him what he needed and let him go or risk coming apart in the air. People might say he was crazy, but he wasn't stupid.
The remaining crew checked rigging, joints, and lines, then double-checked. They grew restless, Kenward knew, and he could hardly blame them. Trinda was an enigma he was certain he'd never understand, and the best thing to do would be to get away from there. The child queen still wanted the second throne from the Firstland, and Kenward had already decided she'd have to find another way to get it there. He, his crew, and his ship were simply too precious to risk for someone who might turn around and have him killed or imprisoned.
What Kenward hadn't been expecting was to see Sevon coming from the direction of the kitchens and the forge, a place he himself had been denied.
"May I approach?" Sevellon the thief asked.
Kenward reminded himself to whom he spoke. "Don't come too close and keep your hands where I can see them."
There was pain in the thief's eyes. "I'm sorry. I know you're angry, but I hope you'll understand. I couldn't reveal myself, even to those I trust and care for."
Kenward was a pirate; he understood such things. "Did you ever steal from me or my crew?" he asked, not certain he'd believe any answer but yes.
"No, sir. There're few places in the world I've felt more at home than on the Serpent. You and the crew are like--"
"But you did steal something from the lord chancellor, which put the verdants on our tail and caused no end of trouble, did you not?"
"I did, sir," Sevellon said, his head hanging low.
"And how do I know you wouldn't do such a thing again?"
"I give you my word."
Kenward knew a thief's word was as good as a pirate's, which was to say it varied widely. Sevon had been a valuable crewman not easily replaced. Few were brave enough to board the Serpent, let alone work the rigging like Sevon. The man was physically as nimble and quick as his sharp mind. "How do I know you're not still working for Trinda? After all, you just came from places I've been barred from going."
"I'll not work for the child queen again, sir. She violated the contract by revealing my true name. This cannot be forgiven."
Kenward thought on this for a moment. It was a risk. Sevellon was a convincing liar; it was requisite for his profession. "I just don't know if I can trust you."
The thief nodded, sadness in his eyes. "I had hoped you would understand, but I hold no grudge. I endangered you and your crew. As a token of my appreciation, I bring you these, though I recommend you install them quickly and be on your way. I heard tell of orders to be ready to close the gates on a moment's notice."
He handed the metal pieces needed to repair the mounts to Kenward.
The value of the gifts and the information could not be overlooked, and Kenward extended his hand. "Come, Sevon. We've work to do."
Sevon smiled and did not hesitate. Soon they worked to quietly install the new mounts that would hold Kenward's prized experimental engine in place. Without it, they wouldn't get far. Most of the crew remained as they had been, obeying Kenward's silent command. No one could know just how close they were to being airworthy. Bringing the boiler to temperature would take time--time when it would be quite obvious they were preparing for departure.
"Light a test fire," Kenward ordered far more loudly than needed. "Not too much, now. We just need to test the pressures; we still haven't got all the parts we need." The guards nearby ignored him, and he hoped his luck would hold. When Brother Vaughn approached, Kenward thought that alone might give them away. He had no desire to leave the monk behind, but having him show up just when they were heating up the engines was more than inconvenient.
"Are you getting ready to leave?" Brother Vaughn asked softly.
The skin on Kenward's neck stood. He was stealing honey while the bees watched. "Still don't have the parts we need," Kenward said, again louder than needed before continuing more softly. "Be ready at a moment's notice, but do whatever you can to make it look as if we can't leave yet."
"I'll see if I can get some food for the crew while they wait," Brother Vaughn said so loudly Kenward cringed.
Brother Vaughn walked away and did his best to blend into the crowd. Kenward shook his head, knowing their plans must be all too obvious to anyone paying them the least bit of attention, which Kenward hoped would be their saving grace. His hopes were dashed, though, when Trinda emerged into the great hall flanked by rows of guards. She wore a long, white dress with a train rustling along the stone behind her. She came to stand before Kenward. Sweat ran into his eye.
"I would have had your parts brought to you, but you've apparently beaten me to it," Trinda said, her eyes landing on Sevon, who was high above. The rigging hung limply from the mast, which stood at an odd angle because the ship rested on her side.
Kenward remained silent.
"You were to deliver me two thrones," Trinda continued. "I will expect the other before the first snow. Is that clear?"
This was not an enemy Kenward wished to create. "I understand," he said, still unsure as to whether or not he would make good on the bargain.
"You should hurry," Trinda said, a knowing smile on her face. "The skies may not remain clear much longer."
Kenward turned back to the Serpent. "Stoke the fires and open the valves full stop!"
Steam and black smoke began to fill the air around the ship, and when Kenward turned back to Trinda, she was gone. He finally found her sitting on the humongous throne, her elbows on her knees and her chin in her hands. She watched Kenward intently, and his skin began to crawl. He returned to his work with full intensity. As much as he hated to admit it, that girl frightened him.
Moments later he knew the fear was warranted. Trinda Hollis, the child queen, began to sing.

* * *

Reunions were at hand and Sinjin smiled. It had been too long since he'd seen the Dragon's Wing's crew. Kendra flew nearby and, though she might not be overjoyed to see Gwen again, seeing Benjin, Fasha, Wendel, and Jensen was enough to bring tears to her eyes. Sinjin pretended not to see them.
Gerhonda flew in close, and Kendra instructed them on where she wanted them to dock. It had been some time since they had been there last, and Kendra took pride in what she'd accomplished. Atop a rock shelf that protruded from Windhold, Kendra had orchestrated the construction of a landing field. It had dragon riders flying between the beaches and the plateau for weeks, but a black beach now formed a suitable dry dock. Wooden structures waited at the far end to secure the Dragon's Wing.
Benjin didn't appear sold on landing his ship in the dry dock, and he could see the disappointment on Kendra's face. Those eyes must be the same force that drove Sinjin to recklessness. Fasha could have countermanded Benjin's orders, but she did not. The way she stormed to the stern gave evidence as to her opinion, though.
"We'll guide you in," Kendra said, now beaming.
Valterius must have recognized the danger and followed even Sinjin's most subtle urgings. It was a magnificent feeling to have another creature acting as a willing extension of your own body, especially when that creature could fly. For most of his life, he hadn't known how freeing flight could be. Always before he'd been limited to moving on the ground or on the water, but now he could soar the skies and view the world from another perspective.
The Dragon's Wing slowed as she approached the shelf. Now that the ship was really here and moving in closer, the shelf appeared far too small, and the command to abort caught in his throat.
"Too fast!" Kendra shouted. "Slow down."
"I can do this," Pelivor shouted, and Sinjin saw Benjin and his grandfather brace themselves.
Black sand filled the air beneath the Dragon's Wing, but plenty remained on the shelf. Pelivor stood with power flowing around him, orchestrating the thrust and lift through his communication with Gwen. The two strained as the ship settled into black sand, but the crew barely moved on impact. It took a moment before a cheer rose up from the crew, allowing Pelivor and Gwen to release the energy they'd been channeling.
Sinjin squeezed Valterius with his left leg, indicating he wanted the dragon to execute a wide turn, which would allow him to share a moment's celebration with his wife, but Valterius did not respond. Being far less subtle, Sinjin tried again to get his dragon to turn. Valterius ignored him.
"Where are you going?" Sinjin heard Kendra shouting. "I said go back!"
At first Sinjin had thought she was yelling at him and Valterius, but then a cold feeling washed over him when he realized Gerhonda and the other dragons were also not responding to their riders. Shouts from the Dragon's Wing were lost in the distance as one of Sinjin Volker's greatest fears came to pass. He, his wife, and the Drakon were at their dragons' mercy as they flew off, away from the Firstland. He could only hope their wisdom was greater than his.
Kendra, on the other hand, decided to take a different approach. Screaming things that would make a sailor blush, Kendra berated Gerhonda until her voice failed. Not long after, the dragons showed the first sign of cognizance since leaving the Firstland. For hours they had flown as straight as arrows, as if drawn by a mighty lodestone to the north and west. Now, though, they flew lower, beneath the scattered clouds. A splash of land came into view. Twin mountain islands cradled a natural harbor, which shone bright blue. Towering needle trees dominated the islands and stood in contrast to the white sands and foaming waterfalls. It was to those falls the dragons went to drink.
Most Drakon had the good sense to stay in the saddle but not his wife. Kendra yanked back the straps as quickly as she could and practically leaped off of Gerhonda's back. The dragon nudged Kendra with her forehead, but Sinjin's wife was having none of it.
"How dare you drag us out here at such an important time?" Kendra shouted. "Those people needed us, and you just left them there as if they didn't exist. Explain yourself!" Sinjin shook his head but grew alarmed when Valterius finished his drink, trumpeted, and leaped back into the air. Gerhonda nudged Kendra back toward the saddle, but she crossed her arms over her chest and refused to move. "How do you like it?"
Gerhonda whined and pawed the soil, again nudging Kendra toward the saddle. This just infuriated Kendra further, and Sinjin thought she might actually hit her dragon, though he doubted Gerhonda would feel it if she did. Instead, Kendra just stood her ground. After one more whine, Gerhonda leaped into the air, leaving Kendra standing agape on the uninhabited island. Sinjin cried out, knowing just how terrible being stranded in such a place could be, and his faith was mostly restored in the dragons when Gerhonda turned back, swept across the beach, and scooped Kendra up in her claws.
Sinjin sucked in air; it hadn't been a smooth acquisition, and Kendra dangled in her dragon's grip. Gerhonda continued to whine and flew higher, which Sinjin wasn't certain was the best course of action. Soon, though, they were high above him and Valterius and the other dragons. Shading his eyes from the sun, he looked up and his blood went cold when Gerhonda dropped Kendra. Hearing his wife scream , Sinjin tried to direct Valterius to intercept her. Valterius continued on his path. It was his turn to berate his dragon. When he looked back up, though, he saw Gerhonda extend her claws and gently wrap them around the now repositioned Kendra. She made no sound and did not move, and he couldn't contain his alarm. Eventually she answered his calls and told him she was uninjured. The strain in her voice was clear, but at least he knew she was alive.
It was near dark the following day when finally Sinjin and the Drakon got some idea as to where they were headed. It came as quite a surprise when the Serpent materialized from within the clouds ahead. They traveled in opposite directions and there wasn't much time to speak. Kenward never slowed his ship, and Valterius stayed his course.
"Why are you going to the Godfist?" Kenward shouted.
"The dragons insist!" Sinjin shouted in response.
The last thing he heard from the Serpent were the words, "Trinda sang!"

* * *

When the Godfist finally came into view, it was no surprise. It felt inevitable now, as if an irresistible force drew them. Sinjin could almost feel Trinda's claws reaching out for him. He hadn't always been kind to her, but neither he nor the Drakon nor the crew of the Dragon's Wing deserved to be tormented. The place's harsh beauty and the new construction were lost on Sinjin. In his mind he tried to find the strength to deal with Trinda. He had no idea what it was he would say, but he knew he needed to keep things as civil as possible.
The gates to the great hall stood open, and people lined either side, as if waiting to greet them. It was a strange feeling. People Sinjin knew and cared for were among those gathered, but they were also loyal to Trinda now, or at the very least living under her rule. Sinjin no longer had a place within Dragonhold. His belongings had been delivered to him by Trinda and Pelivor what felt like ages ago. Now she had pulled him back in, and he wasn't certain how his former home and people would welcome him.
He realized his goal of keeping things civil was going to be exceedingly difficult when they flew into the hall's relative darkness and Gerhonda released Kendra several hand widths above the stone. Kendra made a loud "woof" when she struck the stone and lay still for a few moments--long enough for the remaining Drakon to land within the hall. Even with their numbers, the hall swallowed them easily and made them look tiny. Gerhonda whined and nudged Kendra with her snout.
Sitting atop her grossly oversized throne, Sinjin thought Trinda looked ridiculous, and yet she exuded undeniable power. Opening her mouth to speak, Trinda silenced the hall--even the dragons--with a gesture. Before she could utter a word, though, Kendra pulled herself from the cold stone. Sinjin and the others remained in their saddles. His grip on the staff tightened, and his fingers caressed Koe.
Kendra turned to Gerhonda, who did her best to look sheepish. "What in all of Godsland is wrong with you? Have you lost the use of your senses? How dare you carry me like nothing more than a plump tuna. What in the name of everything good and right in the world were you thinking? You dropped me in midair!"
The dragon just whined in response and nudged Kendra with her forehead. Sinjin's wife did not appear ready to release her anger.
"It's not her fault," Sinjin said, despite knowing it might make Kendra angrier. "Gerhonda was summoned like the rest of the dragons."
"I summoned the dragons. Yes," Trinda said to Sinjin. "But it is to you I wish to speak."
"And the rest of us?" Kendra asked, her face flushed, her posture aggressive.
"It is difficult to summon just one dragon," Trinda said, holding out her palms in feigned innocence.
Kendra fumed.
"I require your assistance."
It was clear she spoke to Sinjin, which infuriated Kendra even further.
"There are easier ways of contacting me," Sinjin said. "And I'm fairly certain you told me I was no longer welcome here."
Trinda took a long moment before responding. "I had hoped your love of your people would outweigh your hatred of me. The people of Dragonhold are in grave danger."
Sinjin wanted to say he didn't hate Trinda, but his wife came uncorked.
"People wouldn't hate you if you didn't just up and take over people's holds and throw them out and then summon their dragons without so much as a 'please'!"
Sinjin drew a breath to speak, and Kendra stared at him with eyes afire.
"Silence!" Trinda barked, slamming her fist down with emphasis, sending out icy air laced with cold blue fire. At this command, guards moved to close the mighty wooden gates. Even more guards emerged from all around, most carrying heavy crossbows. "Dismount and surrender your arms, and no one will be harmed." Kendra crossed her arms over her chest, daring anyone to disarm her. Trinda, though, wasn't watching Kendra; she was looking at Sinjin. "Surrender the staff and the cat, and they'll be returned to you when the time is right."
Sinjin doubted he and Trinda would agree on when the time was right so he resisted. Kendra gave him a firm nod. He looked for familiar faces among the guards, but Trinda knew better. Most of the men facing the Drakon had the look of the Greatland about them. None would have reason to be loyal to Sinjin. It would be a blood bath. Maybe he and the Drakon could defeat Trinda's forces, but at what cost? Perhaps they could fly in the darkness above them. The massive pillars disappeared in the heights, but Sinjin had no idea how deep that darkness was or if there were anything awaiting them there.
In the end, his temper cooled, and he began unstrapping his harness. The Drakon took that as their order to do the same.
"No!" Kendra shouted. "Don't you dare surrender!"
Sinjin stepped down from Valterius, knowing there was likely to be blood if ever he and his wife got the chance to discuss this day. Despite his own misgivings, Sinjin laid the staff and Koe at the feet of a guard who kept him at blade's end. The crossbowman next to him kept his bolt trained on Sinjin's chest. It was quite the welcome home.
The guard bent and retrieved the items with leather-gloved hands. When he handed them up to Trinda, blue light leaped between her outstretched hands and the staff. Pulsing light continued, wrapping around her grip. Koe gleamed in her other hand. The child queen drew a deep breath, and gusting winds filled the hold.
With a sick feeling in his stomach, Sinjin wondered what he'd done.

Chapter 11
If it makes your heart sing, do it.
--Barabas the druid

* * *

Standing before the huge stone cylinder, Sinjin didn't know what to think. The gargantuan wheel rotated at dizzying speed, lending credence to Trinda's claims, but he could not see what purpose this wheel might serve. Part of him wanted to scold Trinda for experimenting with things she didn't understand, but he and his were far from innocent, and the hypocrisy stayed his tongue.
"So you're saying you started this machine without having any idea what it does, and now you're worried it'll come apart and destroy Dragonhold?" Kendra asked.
"And a large piece of the Godfist. Yes," Trinda said, her eyes unfriendly, her patience with Kendra obvious.
Sinjin tried to convince Kendra to be silent using nothing more than a look, but that just made her angrier. It was another situation Sinjin found impossible to solve. Though he loved his wife's passion, he didn't want to see it get her killed.
Kendra snorted. "It's big, all right, and it's impressive, but I doubt much more than this immediate area would be affected in the event of a failure."
"You've not read what I've read," Trinda said. "You don't have access to the truth."
Before Kendra could speak another word, Sinjin jumped into the conversation. "I must ask," he said. "What, exactly, is it you think I can do to help?"
"It's . . . complicated. But you have already helped me," Trinda said, smiling in a way that gave no indication as to the thoughts in her head. "Soon I will return your staff and cat to you and I will ask you to help me stop the wheel."
"Then let's do what must be done," Kendra said, and Sinjin had to bite his tongue. "Give my husband back his belongings, and I'm certain he'll do what he can to help--just as I'm certain he'd have done if you simply asked him. He did, after all, facilitate the delivery of the stone thrones you so desired."
"Would you please let me do the talking?" Sinjin finally said to Kendra. It was not that he disagreed with her sentiments, but now was not the time to antagonize Trinda. The girl was unpredictable enough as it was, and Kendra's goading wasn't helping anyone. "My wife and I were engaged in important matters when we were . . . summoned," Sinjin said. "Please ask what you will of me and let us be on our way."
"Soon," Trinda said, and she turned and walked away. Her personal guards surrounded her as she walked, and the remaining guards closed ranks behind them, making it clear they were not to follow. A moment later, the guards moved to form an opening once again.
As was her way, even the child queen's gifts were unexpected. When Miss Mariss, his Uncle Chase, and Martik made their way past the guards, Sinjin couldn't help but smile and run to meet them. The three carried platters laden with food, and even Kendra smiled. The smell of sausage breads was unmistakable.
"It's good to see you, my boy," Chase said. "Have you word of my father and Benjin and your grandfather?"
"We saw Benjin, Fasha, Wendel, and Jensen very briefly, just before we were summoned here."
Chase's eyes went wide at the word summoned. "I knew she sang, but we had no idea what it was she was singing for."
"Apparently," Sinjin said, "she can sing and summon the regal dragons. She said she needed my help stopping that." He pointed at the stone wheel.
"It's good you came," Martik said. "I fear Trinda's concerns are not wholly unfounded. I've seen an ancient diagram she found, and it looks to me like that giant wheel is not the primary mechanism."
"What is it, then?" Kendra asked.
"A trigger," Martik said. "She wouldn't let me see the other diagrams, so I can't be certain. Even if I'm right, I have no idea what it's supposed to initiate. It could be entirely benign, just like the water system or the central forge, but . . ."
"Eat," Miss Mariss said, and no one argued. The Drakon waited in orderly fashion for the sausage breads and wine to be distributed. Each thanked Miss Mariss, and she appeared touched by their formality. Sinjin knew Miss Mariss's sausage breads were legendary even among the Arghast, and he wouldn't be surprised if they didn't attempt to take her with them when they left Dragonhold. Knowing they might never leave Dragonhold threatened to spoil his appetite. Deep down, he didn't think Trinda intended them harm.
"There are two things worrying me," Martik said. "First, the wheel moves ever faster, driven partly by the water and partly by the vacuum created by the underground river as it moves through a sealed chamber. However, there must be something else to account for the forces being applied here, and I don't know what it is.
"And though she often speaks in riddles, I don't doubt her words on one thing. If left alone, the wheel will continue to spin faster and faster, and some part of the mechanism will eventually fail."
"And you think this wheel is used to start some larger chain reaction?" Kendra asked.
"From what Martik has described to me," Chase said, "this is not just some part of the hold waiting to be turned back on. It struck me as part of a defensive or even offensive feature of the keep. I doubt very much the application is civil; it has a far more military look about it."
"All of that is but speculation," Martik added, and Chase nodded sadly. "There's no way to know without those diagrams or access to the mechanisms."
Nearby guards monitored their conversation, and no one was foolish enough to ask if there was a way to get those diagrams, but Sinjin knew it was what they were all thinking. For a few moments, they ate in silence, and Sinjin actually tasted his food. It was just as glorious as he remembered, reminding him just how archaic life on the Firstland really was. When they returned, he silently vowed to talk with Kendra about ways to draw talented and experienced people to the Firstland.
"You cannot stop the wheel?" Arakhan asked.
"Not now," Martik said. "Early on, when it was moving slowly, we could probably have stopped it safely by jamming it with wooden timbers, but now there is simply too much energy. Anything we do will transfer that energy to the stone around the mechanism, and something would have to give. If we destabilize the mechanism, it may be worse than allowing the trigger to function normally and initiate whatever it's supposed to do. And if we stop the water, then it will no longer float freely. I believe it would bite into the stone and possibly bind up. I wouldn't want to be around if that happened. There must be a way to bring it to a gradual stop, but I haven't figured it out yet. If only we had more control over how much water flows."
"There's something I don't understand," Sinjin said. "If this thing is a trigger, then how is it initiated?"
Martik and Chase both shrugged.
"Wish I knew," Martik said.

* * *

Standing side by side at the prow, as they had done so many times before, Benjin and Fasha sailed the winds in silence. Neither wanted to voice the fears churning in their guts; there was no need. The Drakon had gone from the Firstland and hadn't returned. The crew of the Dragon's Wing had done the only thing they could, which was to offload the supplies and goods they carried. An empty ship was far easier to fly away from Windhold.
Kendra's idea for an airship dock had merit, but Benjin would stick with water landings and more traditional methods to transport goods inland. The dragons were supposed to be there to help guide them away from the dry dock and to keep the prevailing winds from smashing them against the hold itself. The memory of their departure from Windhold was something none would soon forget. The fact that the Dragon's Wing was in one piece was the result of good fortune as much as anything else, which wasn't the most comforting thought. 
Few of his thoughts were pleasant. Not long ago, he'd believed they were making a new start. He'd hoped for a peaceful existence. He'd been wrong.
The path the Drakon followed had been unerring, and the Dragon's Wing now soared along the same path. No one knew what they would find, if anything. Their only information came from the general direction the Drakon flew: toward the Godfist. 
This did not bode well, and Benjin was reminded of the events leading up to Trinda's taking Dragonhold. He did not like the conclusions he came to, and he was certain the rest on board felt the same way. Pelivor and Gwen kept the ship in the air with perhaps unhealthy dedication and commitment. Benjin didn't want them or any other crew member to burn out. Jessub Tillerman was now the backbone of his crew. The young man knew how to work hard and did his level best to keep up with Pelivor and Gwen.
"We must fish," Fasha said without preamble. "Set us down."
Gradually Gwen reduced the thrust, and the ship eased lower. His flightmaster and thrustmaster had more than earned their titles; they had gone beyond proficiency and now practiced flight like an art form. It required the two to work together, almost like a dance. Pelivor was leading, but without Gwen, the dance was incomplete. Either could act on their own to both fly and propel the ship, but when they worked together, the Dragon's Wing was the fastest and most nimble ship on all the seas and skies.
Benjin was reminded a moment later, though, they were not the only ship sailing the wind. Just moments before the Dragon's Wing would enter the seas, Jessub cried out from the crow's nest, "The Serpent to port!"
Though he'd seen Kenward's airship only once, the thing had managed to offend just about every one of Benjin's senses. Everything about it just felt wrong, yet he'd seen the thing fly. Now he had inescapable evidence the ship was still flying. It wasn't that he wished any ill on Kenward or his crew, but the Serpent had been designed to never touch water. The roughly carved masthead modeled after his own ship did not sit well with Benjin. 
Though he flew the Dragon's Wing without reservation or fear, the thought of getting on the Serpent made him physically ill. He'd known those on Kenward's crew were less than sane from his days aboard the Slippery Eel. Many proved themselves fearless by boarding the Serpent. At least a few had shown good sense. They had been replaced.
Distant shouts drifted over the winds, fragmented and distorted.
"Bring us back up and make for the Serpent!" Fasha commanded.
Once again demonstrating their skill, Gwen and Pelivor aborted the water landing. The maneuver required a great deal of thrust, which sent Wendel to his knees, but he soon regained his feet.
"Sorry," Gwen said once they were gaining altitude. Wendel waved off the apology. No one could expect the two to have mastered things no one else had ever done.
The closer the Serpent got, the more detail was visible, and Benjin had to admit the roughly carved masthead was a suitable tribute from a distance. There was no way the flakewood airship could ever match the polished sheen of the greatoak.
Another problem arose as the two ships approached one another: speed. Though Kenward did his best to keep it a secret, the Serpent was propelled by more than just wind and sail. Still, the Serpent was far slower. The Dragon's Wing, which was heavier, needed to move faster than the Serpent to stay in the air.
"Bring us down," Fasha ordered after they had flown three circles around the Serpent without being able to communicate clearly. Gwen and Pelivor swiftly complied and brought them in for the softest landing one could expect when dropping into rough seas.
The ship's motion was like an old friend yet was foreign after so much time. The adjustment always took some time. Kenward proved his ship did have some advantages over the Wing; he could effectively hover as long as the winds cooperated. Though the seas were choppy, the winds were consistent and allowed Kenward to bring the Serpent in close.
"Not too close," Fasha shouted and frowned when Benjin chuckled. She shook her head, knowing the joke. Kenward had been making her think he would sink her for most of their lives. He hadn't actually done it yet. 
He had managed to sink one ship, and another lay in the high reaches on the Firstland, which wasn't exactly comforting. Benjin admitted Catrin had a lot to do with the loss of the Slippery Eel. Thoughts of Catrin were painful, and he pushed them away.
"Hey, Sis!" Kenward shouted. Benjin couldn't help but smile.
"Have you seen the Drakon?" Fasha shouted back, never one to waste words.
"We saw them," Kenward said. "They're headed to Dragonhold."
"Why?" Benjin shouted before Fasha could take a breath.
"Trinda sang!" Brother Vaughn shouted from the place where he had quite thoroughly tied himself to the Serpent. "I think she must have summoned the regal dragons in the same way she once summoned the ferals."
These words made Benjin's blood run cold. He'd suspected Trinda was behind this, but having it confirmed made him feel even worse.
"I can't fly in circles all day," Kenward shouted into the silence following Brother Vaughn's words. "I've only got enough fuel and fresh water to get me back to the Firstland. Trinda really wants that second forsaken throne, and we can't pull it off without the dragons."
"Throne?" Benjin asked, a sick feeling in his stomach.
"The ones from the Eel," Brother Vaughn said, saving Kenward from having to say it.
Fasha turned to Benjin, her eyes pleading. Both knew how painful it must be for Kenward to go back there. How difficult it must be to once again transport the cargo that doomed the Slippery Eel. Benjin wasn't certain he wanted to go to Catrin's Vale, but he could not make his friend go there.
"Drop the fishing gear," Benjin ordered. "Once we have enough food to get us back to the Firstland, we sail."
Fasha nodded and though it was his and his wife's ship, Benjin turned to Wendel. Sinjin was Wendel's grandson, and the boy was flying into the child queen's hands.
"There is nothing we can do to help Sinjin if we can't even get into Dragonhold," Wendel said, his face grim and determined. "With the throne, she has at least a reason to hear us out."
"It's decided," Fasha said. "Kenward, fly on ahead. We'll be behind you."
"You'll catch up, Sis," Kenward said, and Fasha blew him a kiss. Benjin would never really understand those two. For much of their lives, they had been at each other's throats, yet as they grew older, they were almost nice to each other--almost; they were Trells, after all.
Benjin had made the decision, but he had a strange feeling in his gut. He watched the Serpent until she disappeared behind the cloud banks rolling in. Winds tossed the seas and the ship. Benjin would never admit it, but his sea legs weren't what they used to be.
"Fish aren't going to bite in these winds," Wendel said.
"We've enough stores for three more meals, sir," Jessub reported without being asked.
Benjin nodded and took in his surroundings. Everyone was waiting for him to decide. He was unsure, a sense of impending doom descending upon him, from where he did not know. For once he felt true empathy for Nat Dersinger. Now he knew what it felt like to have dark premonitions, and he liked it not at all. 
Looking to his wife, he silently asked her. A weaker person would have deferred to him or had difficulty deciding what to do, but that was not Fasha. "Pull the lines! Get us back in the air, and point us back toward the Firstland. Jessub, prepare the next meal with one-third rations."
Jessub nodded and retreated into the deckhouse. No one protested, instead pulling in the fishing gear and preparing for flight. It was a mixed blessing when a pair of tuna came in with the trawls. While it bolstered their stores, it took time to clean and store the fish before they could prepare for flight. Benjin's impatience had rubbed off on Fasha, and she joined him in securing the rigging.
Dark skies harboring cold winds descended upon them by the time the Dragon's Wing was ready to take flight. The conditions made it easier in some ways since the winds provided lift, but these winds were gusty and unpredictable, which could unexpectedly drop them back into the water. Instead, the ship leaped upward and backward on a sudden, persistent gust. Turning the ship to use that wind to their advantage, Pelivor strained. It didn't take him long to bring the ship under control and gain altitude, but it felt like an hour to Benjin. He was just about to take a deep breath when a hulking form burst from the clouds and nearly collided with the rigging. With a deep, rumbling roar, the dragon swerved and missed them, but it was a close thing.
Shouting could be heard from the tierre, but Benjin couldn't make out the words. Onin of the old guard's voice was easily identified, and he recognized Jehregard.
The dragon continued toward the Godfist, his path unerring, and Benjin had a bad feeling in his gut. "Make all speed!"

* * *

Durin knew nothing. He was stranded on the Firstland with the Dragon Clan. Sinjin and Kendra would never have left them intentionally, and Benjin had told him about Trinda Hollis's singing before also leaving. He had no insight into her motives and nothing to ensure the future of his friends and his people. He wanted to scream, but the Dragon Clan watched. They saw him as some sort of measuring stick on Sinjin's and Kendra's motives and the intentions. The Dragon Clan were one people in name, but the clan consisted of three different cultures, and they had yet to come to fully understand each other. Harmony was difficult without understanding.
Normally Durin acted as a mediator between those with differences or ill feelings, but he didn't feel up to it on this day. For once, he wanted someone to try to calm his ragged nerves. Just one time, he would like it if someone solved his problems. This tirade was interrupted by the mental parade of problems that had been solved by others, and he drew a deep breath.
The storm had left parts of Windhold in disarray. Those parts of the hold were not anyone in particular's responsibility, and Durin knew he needed to organize work groups to get the windblown debris cleaned up and sorted from the still usable materials. They discarded almost nothing on the Firstland, and even windblown detritus could be what they needed to survive.
He was a few steps away from Valterius's stall when someone cried out. At first he couldn't make out the words, but the Dragon Clan gathered near Windhold's seaward openings.
Finally a clear voice rose above the din. "Dragon's Wing!" the man said.
Relief flooded over Durin; he'd begun to think no one would ever come back. He heard no cry of Drakon or Al'Drak, which quickly tempered the relief.
"The Serpent!" came another cry, and Durin slowed as he neared the opening, having reached a full run. There, on the horizon, were two flying ships in some ways similar to each other yet completely different. The Dragon's Wing outpaced the Serpent and reached the shallow waters off shore. There they glided into the smooth waters, barely disturbing the surface as they did. The process was so subtle, it was like an illusion to Durin.
The Serpent, in contrast, soared over the Wing's masts and continued toward Windhold. Caught up in the spectacle, Durin and the Dragon Clan failed to recognize the danger until Kenward's cries reached them. "Look out! We're coming in!"
At once, the Dragon Clan cleared the opening, and a few brave souls charged across the windblown open expanse, moving crates, bales of stick weed, and bundles of herbs. The Serpent continued an orderly approach. The winds directly surrounding the hold were anything but predictable. Sinjin had described entering Windhold on the wing as the most terrifying three breaths of his life. The Serpent exaggerated the effect and proved to Durin he belonged on solid ground. Twisting at the last instant, the Serpent tipped forward, slamming Kyrien's likeness into the stone. The ship stopped fast--too fast. Durin worried there would be injuries.
The wind socks deflated, but as they had in the past, they reinflated as they caught the wind within the cavern and began dragging the ship deeper into the hold. The Dragon Clan showed their tenacity and ingenuity by jumping on atop the wind socks, causing them to completely deflate. The first two or three were taken for a ride, but their efforts eventually paid off and brought the Serpent to a halt.
Kyrien's now badly scarred visage, struck Durin as a bad omen. Still, at least someone had returned to them. His heart was still sick with worry over the Drakon. He even missed Valterius trying to step on him or swat him with the sledge he had for a tail.
"Thank you for your help, Dragon Clan," Kenward said when he stepped from his airship and onto Windhold's solid stone. "Sorry for the abrupt entrance, but on a finer note, we could use some help unloading all these supplies. Trinda would have let us all starve, I'm sure, but a Trell is never without options."
Durin smiled. He'd long since lost hope in getting the requested supplies from the Godfist. For a time, there would be at least some comforts from home.
"Thank you, Kenward," Durin said. "We're in your debt."
"I'm glad to hear you say that," Kenward said, and Durin felt a little sick. What had he just gotten himself into? "You might want to get your fill of things from the Godfist before I tell you. I don't want to spoil your appetite."
"Tell me now," Durin said.
"As you wish," Kenward said. "Trinda sang and summoned the dragons to Dragonhold. And we need to get the other stone chair onto the Dragon's Wing."
"Without the help of any dragons?" Durin asked without thinking. "Are you joking?"
"Still hungry?" Kenward asked in response.
Durin walked to where the supplies were being opened and inspected them, despite having far less appetite than he'd had a moment before.

Chapter 12
Marry the sword, sleep in a cold bed.
--Morif, soldier

* * *

Benjin found himself, once again, grateful for the Dragon Clan. Their strength came not from their dragons but from within. As ever in his life, when he needed help, they had been there for him. They had not always understood each other, and there had not always been love and respect between them, but that was long ago. Now Benjin considered himself an honorary part of the Dragon Clan, if not the Drakon. Sinjin had often said flying the Dragon's Wing made him and his crew Drakon, but Benjin knew his place.
Finding a way to sufficiently thank the Dragon Clan for the risks they took and the burden they bore this day would take years. Only a single mention that the throne might help keep Sinjin, Valterius, and the Drakon safe was needed to motivate the people. It gave Benjin great pride, not just in what Sinjin had accomplished, but for the Arghast themselves. They were, after all, his countrymen.
Flying any ship to the place where the Slippery Eel lay was risky and dangerous at best, and strong winds made it an even less viable option. Thus they found themselves carrying the bulky piece down the mountainside. Benjin had serious reservations about the plan's practicality as well, but his people never ceased to impress him. Once they had removed the throne from the Slippery Eel, it was apparent they had sufficient strength to bear the burden. Benjin prayed for their stamina as well.
Another reason Benjin was grateful for the Dragon Clan was that they had spared Kenward the need to revisit the Slippery Eel's resting place. The anguish had been clear in Kenward's eyes, and Benjin couldn't imagine how the man must feel. At least when he had sunk the Kraken's Claw, the wreckage had been lost to the depths. The Slippery Eel remained much as she'd been left, save the slow ravages of time. Encroaching mosses coated the wood, giving the appearance the ship was growing out of the mountain.
There were other restless spirits in that vale as well. It was a sacred place. The regent dragons had said the vale belonged to Catrin, but one couldn't visit the place and not be overcome by the fading presence of those majestic creatures, now gone from his world. Benjin shed more than one tear in their memory and that of Catrin and Kyrien. Not for the first time, nor the last, he sucked unsteady breaths past his quivering bottom lip.
Shouts brought Benjin from his mourning. Methodically he made his way around the narrow ledge to see the throne teetering on the precipice. Those carrying one side had slipped on loose scree and were having a terrible time trying to get back under the timbers they were using the hoist the massive weight.
"Lower your corner!" Benjin shouted to the men opposite the low corner. As they did, daylight shone under the support braces, and the people wasted no time getting the timbers raised back up onto their shoulders. No one had been killed, and the throne hadn't been lost, which was a testament to just how strong these people were, physically, mentally, and spiritually. Somehow they knew they would not fail, which drove them to success. Benjin had always known the world worked this way, but never had he seen it quite so clearly demonstrated as with the Dragon Clan. Nothing would prevent these people from achieving what they believed they would do.
Their progress gave Benjin hope and belief of his own. They had made it past the worst of the descent. Here and there they would have to clear brush and take down a tree or two to clear a wide enough path, but they had essentially achieved their goal. Benjin worried less about potential loss of life.
It was nearing dark when they finally reached the lowlands, making their way onto the trail leading to the beach. As soon as Kenward's crew saw the Dragon Clan emerge on to the plain, they rushed to assist the now exhausted tribesmen. The windlass and ropes had already been prepped, and only Kenward and Sevon remained to mind the Serpent. Sevon was not known for his brute strength and would have been of little use. Still, knowing what he knew, Benjin wondered if Sevon had other reasons. Kenward said he trusted the man, but Benjin couldn't help but view him with suspicion. Anyone who'd been in the employ of Trinda was suspect. Knowing he could do nothing but guard his own coin purse, Benjin let his concerns about Sevellon the thief go and concentrated on the dangers they might face while lowering the throne into the Serpent's hold.
Kenward, though, proved he knew his business. Though it was full dark by the time they had secured and rigged the throne to Kenward's satisfaction, the actual act of loading the heavy chunk of stone went smoothly. Windlass, levers, and pulleys were all used with tremendous effect.
The captain of the Serpent came to Benjin and leaned close, "Don't tell anyone I said so, but I think this might be the most dangerous and stupid thing I've ever done in my life."
Considering what Benjin knew about Kenward's history and having been there for some outrageously reckless behavior, the thought made Benjin feel a little sick. "I still think it would be a lot safer and faster to take the throne on the Dragon's Wing. Pelivor and Gwen say they could handle the additional weight without much trouble."
"If all we wanted to do was deliver the throne to Trinda," Kenward said, "then the Dragon's Wing would indeed be better suited to this task, but there are other things that must be done. The Wing would have to dock in one of the harbors; the Serpent has the advantage of being able to fly directly into the hold. How do you think Pelivor and Gwen would feel about that?" Benjin didn't have to ask; he knew doing it safely was beyond the Wing's capabilities. "The best thing you can do for me is escort us back. You can fish and provide us with provisions so I don't have to carry the extra weight. That alone will make this journey safer than the last."
Benjin saw Kenward's point, but he couldn't help feeling they were playing directly into Trinda's hands.

* * *

Kenward Trell watched the Godfist growing larger with ever-increasing trepidation. He'd known this was a bad idea from the beginning, but something was telling him things were far worse than he'd thought. Soon they would leave their escort behind, and the Serpent would be on her own. Usually that was how Kenward liked it, but this time was different--far different.
"We'll wait for you in the harbor!" Benjin shouted from below.
Leaning over the rail, Kenward waved good-bye to his friends and his sister--he hoped not for the last time. Once they were over land, the feeling aboard the ship changed. Kenward's orders were often anticipated by the crew at this stage of the journey, and the severely shorthanded crew worked with alacrity. Kenward watched closely to make certain speed did not affect quality. These tasks were required not to suit his whim; they were matters of life and death; a single bad knot could send them crashing into the rock face or the valley floor. Despite his efforts, the Serpent moved with too much speed. One thing Kenward had never figured out was how to slow down his airship when pushed by prevailing winds. The crew's skill manipulating the sails gave him some control under good conditions, but stronger gusts sent the Serpent out of control. The lack of a solution was now Kenward's foremost concern.
When Dragonhold came into view, Kenward was glad to see the gates open. A part of him had been wishing for the gates to be closed, but Trinda awaited his cargo, and the trader in him knew a good captain always delivered. Darkness was all he could see within the hold, and he could only hope they were ready for his entrance. "Sound the horn! Secure yourselves!" Kenward shouted.
Farsy pulled down three times on a cord running into the boiler room, and three deep blasts issued from the ship's horns before Kenward's trusted friend looped a rope harness over his shoulders and grinned. Their speed was likely to send them deeper into the great hall than on their previous entrance into Dragonhold. Kenward did everything he could to scrub off speed. Nothing helped. The Serpent entered Dragonhold with her crew screaming in terror. Just barely clearing the gates, the ship turned sideways as the wind socks dragged against protruding edges. When the Serpent struck stone, she skidded and bounced on her starboard side, leaving everyone aboard bruised and scraped.
Kenward's vision slowly adjusted, and he cursed himself for not using the oldest pirate trick known. He should have worn a patch over one eye to preserve his night vision. Had he pulled off the patch upon entering the darkness, he would have been able to see with one eye, at least. A strange puff of warm wind buffeted Kenward for an instant, and his vision was slow to return. The air smelled of smoke and something else. He was worrying over the furnaces and boilers when his vision cleared. A dragon's head towered over them. The mighty beast's roar was more than Kenward's psyche could handle. He fainted, crumbling to the Serpent's angled deck.

* * *

A mature dragon's roar bellowed through Dragonhold like chained thunder. Sinjin wondered for a moment if the sound truly was thunder. It had been known to rain within these parts of the keep, but he'd heard that thunder, and this was different. This sounded alive and Kendra appeared to agree. Both turned to leave the inexplicable stone wheel they had been contemplating, and Sinjin feared someone would bar their path; it had happened before.
Mostly they had been honored as guests, but there was no question as to who was in charge and who determined their fate. Trinda was not unkind, but neither was she friendly. Not for the first time, Sinjin wished he'd been nicer to her in the past. They say the true measure of a person can be seen in the way he treats people less powerful than himself, and Sinjin was ashamed of things he'd said and done. 
Regret was a part of growing up, but he'd been taught not to let past mistakes prevent great things in the future. Those mistakes taught him how to be a better person, his father had always said. Sometimes it was as if he could still hear his father's voice in his mind. He missed his father terribly.
"What do you think that was?" Kendra asked softly. Trinda's guards were never far away.
"I don't know," Sinjin said, not wanting to admit he hadn't been thinking about it.
"Not sure how much more excitement I can take," Kendra said.
Sinjin laughed. It felt good to release some of his tension, even if just a small amount. A crowd had gathered along the shoreline of the God's Eye, waiting for the barges to return from the far shore. These people wanted to know what was happening just as badly as he and Kendra did. Their arrival among the crowd did not go unnoticed, and though no one spoke to them, they did clear a way for Sinjin and Kendra, silently acknowledging Dragonhold's rightful masters. He wasn't certain what exactly the child queen had said to the people, but it was clear they feared communicating openly with him and Kendra. It saddened him.
The barges were larger and more substantial than the ones originally built under Catrin's leadership. These barges required four men to pole them and could hold many more people, though it appeared the original, smaller barges were also still in use. When they arrived, however, no one boarded. Instead, Sinjin and Kendra were left standing closest to the shoreline, and they boarded in uncomfortable silence. Even the young men manning the poles did not speak to them, despite Sinjin's knowing three of them fairly well. Bradley, at the very least, met his eyes and gave him a nod. The others were afraid to do even that. Such things made him dislike Trinda, and he remained conflicted with regard to the child queen. Only water lapping against the barge and moving poles accompanied their journey across the lake.
On the far side of the God's Eye, the passageway and the great hall beyond were eerily quiet and empty. Normally a steady flow of people moved through this hall, and now their boot steps echoed in the silence. A distant shuffling sound like leather on stone reached their ears but was too distorted to tell them much. A sinking feeling nauseated Sinjin.
A horn sounded three times, and he recognized its call. Screaming and shouting were followed by another deep roar, this one unmistakable.
Entering the great hall at a full run, Sinjin and Kendra slowed and stared at the spectacle unfolding. It took a moment before they truly understood what they saw. Clouds of black smoke mingled with steam rolling across the ancient mosaic floor of the hall. Rising out of smoke and steam stood a dragon that dwarfed the regals. Sinjin soon recognized Jehregard, still wearing his tierre, and Onin of the old guard glaring at anyone who dared approach.
Before the dragon, like a child's toy in disarray, the Serpent lay on her side. Nimsy and Farsy helped Kenward off the ship. Sinjin and Kendra were soon running again, seeing their friends in trouble. By the time they reached the others, much of the excitement was over. The fire on the Serpent appeared to have been quenched, and the wind socks, emptied. Kenward was unsteady on his feet, but he did stand, and that relieved much of Sinjin's worry.
As they approached, Jehregard lowered a wing, allowing Onin to dismount. Sinjin was surprised to see Thundegar Rheams as well.
"You gave me quite a start," Kenward said to Onin as Sinjin and Kendra approached.
"Are you all right?" Kendra asked.
"Onin's dragon nearly scared the wind out of me," Kenward said with an accusing glance at Jehregard.
"You have my apologies," Onin said. "If someone would lend me a sledgehammer, I'll make sure he's aware of my displeasure."
"A sledgehammer?" Kendra asked.
"The great brute won't feel anything less, and I want him to know just how much I appreciate him bringing me here against my will. And what, if I may ask, are all of you doing here?"
"We were summoned," Sinjin said. Onin noticed him for the first time, a confused look crossing his gnarled visage. "Trinda sang and summoned the regal dragons. It would appear Jehregard also answered the call."
"Regardless," Onin said, "I will greatly reward the person who brings me a sledgehammer."
Sinjin reminded himself not to cross Onin.
For a moment, silence fell over them, and Sinjin was momentarily overwhelmed by the strangeness of it all. He wondered if he were dreaming since none of this could really be happening to him. Moments later, the feeling grew.
Without warning, Trinda spoke, "Welcome, Onin of the old guard. Welcome, Jehregard."
Onin opened his mouth to say something, but Jehregard, whose head loomed just behind Onin, issued a deafening bellow directed at Trinda. Onin's hair--beard, braids, beads, and all--danced in the wind of his dragon's roar.
Holding his ears, Onin turned around and glared at his dragon.
When Onin did speak, he shouted far more loudly than needed. "Why have you summoned us?"
"I need your help," Trinda said.
"You've got a funny way of asking for favors," Onin shouted. "Can I expect to be compensated for this effort and the inconvenience?"
Sinjin was surprised by Onin's words, having expected him to take Trinda to task.
"What compensation do you require?" Trinda asked as if intrigued.
"For starters," Onin said, "I need a sledgehammer."

* * *

Sinjin was conflicted about the stone throne finally finding its way into its rightful place, the place his mother had intended to put it when she commissioned the stone chairs years before. Like many of the things taking place within Dragonhold, they were things his mother had strived for, yet they hadn't been completed until after Trinda took control. Sinjin heard speculation Dragonhold was better off under Trinda's leadership than under his mother's control. He couldn't help but resent it. His mother had worked for years to convince people to return Dragonhold to its former glory, and it was only after the accidental discovery of the hold's ability to reconfigure itself that Trinda was able to do what she had done, however remarkable it might be. Sinjin wondered what his mother would have accomplished given access to the entire hold.
He had to take a moment to shake his head. If not for his best friend's laziness, the hold might have remained forever divided. Again, Sinjin wondered if he were dreaming. When the second throne was finally resting in its permanent home, he had to admit the place was now. . . right. There was symmetry and balance. His mother had taught him how important each of those were.
Trinda cast him a coy smile, no doubt proud of once again fulfilling his mother's ambitions. Then, though, she gazed out the stone portal to the skies beyond. After sucking in a deep breath, she ran from the room. Her guards struggled to keep up.
Sinjin and Kendra ran behind, joined by Martik and Chase, who'd orchestrated the stone chair's placement.
"Stick with me if things go badly," Chase said.
"Or with me," Martik said. "Either of us should have a chance at getting you to a safe place."
"What's Trinda playing at?" Sinjin asked his uncle.
Chase just shook his head. "Wish I knew," he said. "I'm starting to wish I'd taken one of the opportunities I've had to leave this place. I've got a really bad feeling."
This made Sinjin feel even worse. No one asked any more questions.
When they neared the great hall, Chase signaled them to slow. He sneaked to the corner, peeking around. He just stood there, frozen, not giving any indication of what he saw. When Sinjin and Kendra walked up to join him, he jumped.
"I think we should try to get out of the hold. Now," he said, and he pushed them back.
"What is it?" Sinjin asked. "What's happening?"
Chase continued to push him back, but Sinjin was no longer a child. If he didn't want to go back, then he would not. The look on his uncle's face surprised him when he resisted. The older man just nodded and let him go. Where Sinjin went, so went Kendra. 
Slowly he poked his head around the corner. Jehregard had moved deep into the great hall and was the first thing to grab Sinjin's attention. Toward the far end of the hall, Trinda, stood alone before the Serpent, her arms spread wide, holding two objects. Immediately he recognized the Staff of Life. From the distance, he couldn't be certain it was Koe she held in her other hand, but he surmised it was so.
Perched atop the Serpent and crushing her under its weight was a nightmare made flesh. A maturing feral queen lashed the air with her tail in clear agitation. Sinjin knew animals, and this one was ready to shred anything that came close. He couldn't really blame it. Though ferals had been his enemy, this dragon had not come of its own volition, nor did those atop her. Dressed in black and wielding a staff of dark swamp root that glistened under a polished sheen, Allette Kilbor watched Trinda with deadly intent. Before her, the cloud cat dug its claws deeper into wooden panels built into the otherwise dragon-leather saddle.
The dragon hide offended Sinjin's sensibilities. Along with a host of other reasons, he was starting to think Chase was right. When he turned to leave, though, Kendra grabbed his arm.
"Wait," she said.
Torn, Sinjin decided to trust his wife's instincts. She'd been right before, and he also knew knocking her out would be the only other way to pull her away from something she'd decided she wanted to see.
"Why have you brought me here?" Allette demanded, her dragon's tail still twitching.
"I need your help," Trinda said.
"And why would I want to help you?" Allette asked.
"Because I am not your enemy," Trinda said.
"I recall differently," Allette said. Trinda's forces and herald globes had turned the tide of the Jaga War.
"You have not attacked us, and we have not attacked you," Trinda continued. "There has been peace."
"Until now," Allette said.
This was almost enough to convince Sinjin to drag Kendra from Dragonhold. Things were about to get ugly.
The feral queen shifted her weight, and the Serpent groaned beneath her. Timbers snapped and the sound was almost physically painful; Sinjin knew how much Kenward loved his ships, and though Sinjin had sworn never to board the Serpent, he felt a certain attachment to her.
"Whatever you two are going to do," Sinjin heard Kenward shout. "Leave my ship out of it!"
"Silence!" Trinda demanded, ringing the flagstone with Sinjin's staff, the same staff his mother had once guarded and Nat Dersinger's family before her. A frost ring radiated from the staff, stunning those around Trinda and striking the feral queen in the muzzle. The dark creature responded with a furious bellow.
The following events were instantly burned into Sinjin's memory. Kenward and his crew fled the Serpent. Timbers snapped when the feral queen launched herself. Hovering in the air above the child queen, who was dressed all in white, Allette and her dragon resembled death incarnate.
The feral queen snapped at Trinda. The girl hurled a fist of lightning to intercept the approaching dragon's muzzle. The two connected with a sizzling pop that left the air smoking. The feral queen reared, and Allette stood tall in the saddle. Leveling her inky black staff at Trinda, she sent forth black flames in a gushing font that stained whatever they touched. Trinda cast up a defensive shield, her power magnified by Koe and the Staff of Life. Dark flames washed over it on a raging torrent. Her energy shield still held around her, the child queen retreated, disappearing into the halls leading to the kitchens.
The feral queen settled herself on the overlarge throne. Now it was small and fragile under the weight of Allette's dragon. Sinjin stepped out and waved to Kenward and his crew. Once Kenward had spotted them and waved back, Sinjin turned to Kendra. He opened his mouth to speak, but the roar of the feral queen filled the hall. Jehregard responded with a deep bellow that vibrated the stone, and even the regal dragons trumpeted from the darkness above. Hearing Valterius made Sinjin want to cry. How in the world were they going to get their dragons out of here?
In the next instant, the question was irrelevant. Pointing her black staff at the gates, Allette issued a blast of darkness. The crossbar keeping the towering gates closed shattered. Slowly the massive timbers swung inward. Feral dragons flooded the hall. With them came twisted demons like those that had plagued the Godfist in the past, and Sinjin felt sick. The feeling grew worse when screams came from the God's Eye.

Chapter 13
To bend the wind is to hold hands with the gods.
--Pelivor, flightmaster

* * *

There was nowhere to run. Sinjin considered their options, none of them good. If Allette's forces were outside the hold, then fleeing would put them in greater danger. Allette stood between them and the tunnels leading to much of the hold. The God's Eye stood in the way of the only other route Sinjin knew of to gain the interior of Dragonhold. Staying near Valterius, the other regals, and Jehregard was a far safer thing to do.
Allette and the feral queen cleared most of the main hall, and demons made their way toward where Onin, Thundegar Rheams, and Jehregard stood. Thundegar had known the girl; he'd been a father figure to her at a critical time in her life, but when the man started walking toward her, Sinjin feared for his life.
"What in the world just happened?" Kendra asked in a low voice, still stunned over Trinda's retreat and Allette's sudden taking of the outer hold.
"We're in trouble," Sinjin replied. 
There was no more time for talking. Thundegar had come face-to-face with one of Allette's demons, and the monstrous, twisted creature brought up a heavy maul with black metal studs, and a mere heartbeat before it brought down the weapon with the full force of its might, Allette spoke. "No." With her staff, she pointed at the demon, and it dropped its weapon before falling to its armored knees. There it remained. Those who had been approaching slowed then stopped.
"You have just come very close to death," Allette said. "Do not test me. I'm not the girl you knew. I am the Black Queen, ruler of the Jaga, and you will bow before me."
"I do not fear death . . . nor you," Thundegar said. "And I bow before no one. Nor should you or anyone else for that matter."
The feral queen lashed the air with her tail and coiled her serpentine neck all while moving closer to where Thundegar stood. Standing in her saddle, the Black Queen loomed over Thundegar. Perhaps she would have killed him then, but Rastas intervened. After struggling a moment to free his claws from the wood blocks he used to secure himself, the cloud cat took three long strides and leaped off the front of the feral queen's angular snout before the dragon had the chance to react. The dragon didn't appear to appreciate it and snapped at Rastas's tail. The cat Thundegar had raised charged toward him at a full run, never slowing. Just before he reached Thundegar, who braced himself on his cane, the cloud cat leaped, sending his considerable girth into Thundegar's chest, knocking him down.
The stone rushed up to meet Thundegar, air bursting from his lungs when he struck. Even as Thundegar struggled to regain his breath, the big cat rubbed his face along Thundegar's torso; then he was attacking the man's boots; after grabbing one boot and weaving his head back and forth like the great goofball he was, the cat actually coaxed a laugh from Thundegar. He rubbed his old friend between the ears, as he hadn't been able to do for so long. "Crazy cat," he said.
Those words softened Allette's expression, showing hints of the frightened and broken little girl who'd fled back into the Jaga after their last meeting.
"Why did you bring me here?" Allette asked him softly. "Why would you want to hurt me so?"
The feral queen growled, low and deep.
"I was summoned, same as you," Thundegar said. Allette looked dubious. "Trinda has the ability to summon dragons. I was riding the dragon you see behind me with my friend Onin when it happened to us too."
Suspicion showed on Allette's face and posture.
"There are other dragons here as well," Thundegar said. "They're hiding--first from Trinda and now from you."
Allette's eyes narrowed. "You lie," she said.
Sinjin stepped closer but Kendra grabbed his arm and held him fast.
"This is something I must do," he said. Kendra squeezed hard one last time before letting him go. He made a mental note to remind her how strong her grip was if he survived the next few minutes. "I, too, was summoned along with my dragon."
At the sight of Sinjin, Allette hissed and the feral queen's pupils narrowed. It was a disconcerting sight, and it stilled his breath for a long moment. "You know me," he said. "And I know I've brought you great pain in the past, but it was not out of malice."
Allette did not appear convinced.
"Sinjin is among those who voted to leave you in peace," Kendra said, stepping out behind him. "There're others who wished to attack you before you could regain your strength. I beg you not to prove those imbeciles correct."
"Where is your dragon?" Allette asked Sinjin, no warmth in her manner.
"Valterius!" he shouted. Nothing happened. Demons moved closer. Sinjin could feel the beasts' hot breath on his face. The smell alone was enough to make him want to flee, but he held his ground. To retreat would be to trigger instinct in the predatory dragon; this much Sinjin knew. He also knew standing his ground probably didn't increase the odds of his survival by all that much. "Valterius!" he shouted again, hoping his dragon would sense the urgency in his voice, but still nothing happened.
"Gerhonda!" Kendra shouted when Valterius did not materialize.
The feral queen hissed and turned on Kendra, ready to snap her up in her jaws. The creature's head was so big, it wouldn't even need to chew before swallowing her. The thought made Sinjin ill. Demons closed in on him now, perhaps only Rastas kept them from harming Thundegar. Sinjin and Kendra had no such protection.
Just as they found themselves back to back, the air pressure changed. Sinjin cried out as he was violently snatched from within the crowd of demons. In the next instant, he was flying, but not as he usually did. Valterius gripped him with both claws and flew through the halls of Dragonhold with incredible speed. Only when his wife cursed did he know Gerhonda followed. About the rest, Sinjin could not say. He was too busy being terrified.
Valterius wove through towering pillars, making himself a difficult target to hit. Jehregard's massive head appear before them, and Valterius flew just a little higher before turning on a wingtip and diving toward the hall leading to the God's Eye. There Kenward, Chase, and the others waited.
"Look out!" was all Sinjin had the time to shout before they flew through a too-small space. Valterius' scales made a frightening sound when scraping against the ceiling, and Sinjin's feet occasionally came into contact with the stone floor, causing him to nearly slip from his dragon's grip. The sound of Kendra's complaints gave him a little comfort--at least he knew she was alive. His breath and all other thought were taken from him when they entered the chamber containing the God's Eye.
Valterius flew higher, dodging the stalactites reaching down from the chamber ceiling. Sun- and comet light streamed in through a narrow opening in the ceiling of the chamber, and Sinjin had a sick feeling when he thought his dragon might try to escape through that too-narrow gap. Instead, Valterius continued toward the far side of the chamber. When Al'Drak was forced lower by a protruding formation, Sinjin saw the reflection in the still lake. It featured him and Valterius against the backdrop of daggers made of stone. That was until a demon burst forth from the water, breaking the illusion and nearly catching Sinjin's ankle as they passed.
Gerhonda swooped in, smacking the demon in the head with her bottom jaw. The demon quickly disappeared from sight, and Sinjin caught his first glimpse of Kendra, who hung upside down, Gerhonda gripping her by her ankles. Sinjin knew Kendra well, and if they survived this, he knew he might need to intervene on Gerhonda's behalf. Of course that would have to be after he and Valterius got a few things straight. 
Those thoughts were washed away when Sinjin saw the barges under attack and the head of a feral dragon sticking in through the far entrance. Demons taunted those aboard the unarmed and overfull barges.
What had Trinda been thinking? Sinjin had to ask himself. Then he had to hold on as Valterius plunged him into the lake. The dragon's open jaws sent demons flying away from them. The feral dragon roared, trying to squeeze itself into the chamber without much luck. Though the feral dragon posed little danger as long as they did not approach it, Sinjin also knew they wouldn't be able to escape that way. Valterius fended off demons and placed Sinjin onto the barge. The dragon did not let go of him. 
"Hold on to me," Sinjin shouted, and the people around him did as he asked, nearly crushing him with their desperate grasps. Valterius flapped his wings and moved the barge toward a nearby opening, one Sinjin knew led to the inner hold, perhaps their last chance at finding safety. Water splashed behind him followed by more of his wife's cursing, and he shouted, "Help her!"
Those nearest Kendra let go of Sinjin and reached out for his wife. The moment she was in their embrace, Gerhonda released her. The regal dragon used teeth, claws, and tail to fend off the encroaching demons. Gathered beneath the barge, the twisted, unnatural creatures rocked the unwieldy vessel, trying to tip it over. Those aboard were tossed about when a massive wave pitched the barge as Gerhonda dived beneath.
Moments later, Valterius's effort paid off, and the barge thumped into the wall of the chamber. As soon as they struck, the people let go of Sinjin, and Valterius flew on into an even smaller hall than the last. Sinjin had to keep his knees bent to not be dragged along the floor. Again, Kendra's shouts reached him. He turned long enough to catch a glance of her, now right side up and struggling the same as he.
Remembering this hall, Sinjin hoped Valterius could truly read his thoughts, for there were tight places ahead, places where he'd nearly died the last time, he recalled. The dragons proved their skill at flying even in tight spaces, executing swift turns that left their humans pale and queasy. 
When at last they broke into the chamber with the mountain like bridge of loose, black stone, the true majesty of the city on one side of the bridge was revealed. Beside the titan wheel that spun ever faster, Trinda waited. Sinjin wondered what kind of reception they would get.
Valterius denied Sinjin a dignified entrance and sent him sprawling on the wet flagstone at Trinda's feet. Gerhonda, at least, tried to redeem herself by gently placing Kendra at Sinjin's side. His wife helped him stand and wiped blood from his lip.
When he looked at Trinda, he expected a sarcastic remark, but all she did was raise one eyebrow. This, he decided, was no better.

* * *

Occasional sounds of battle and the roars of dragons filtered down to where Sinjin and Kendra confronted Trinda. Or perhaps it was she who confronted them. The dragons had retreated to a pair of rock protrusions high above.
"None of this makes sense," Sinjin said. "Why have you done this? What purpose could it possibly serve?"
Trinda responded with nothing more than a smile. It crawled under his skin and made him want to scream, but when a growl escaped his wife's lips, he held her back. This was no time for tempers.
"Are you going to let them take over the hold?" Sinjin asked. "Or are we going to fight?" It was the most diplomatic approach he could take. Perhaps if Trinda could be persuaded to align her forces with his, then they would have a chance.
"Allette is not evil," Trinda said.
Sinjin blinked. "What?"
Trinda sighed with a pained look on her face, as if she spoke to a slow-witted child. "The sounds you hear are not the slaughter of people; it is the posturing of dragons trapped in a confined space and people being herded into areas where they can be controlled. I'm not saying no one will get hurt, but I can assure you the self-proclaimed Black Queen is not a mass murderer."
It took a bit of time for Sinjin to process the information.
"That still doesn't explain why you summoned the dragons here. What game are you playing?" Kendra asked, venom in her tone and flames in the corners of her eyes. By the gods, Sinjin loved that woman, and by the goddess, she did her best to drive him mad.
"Perhaps I don't want to tell you," Trinda said. "You haven't been very nice to me, so you shall have to wait and find out with all the rest." The words were said with cool power flowing through them. They escaped the child queen's lips like wisps of mist. Then her voice turned hard and icy. "But do not think for an instant I'm vapid or without cause. Perhaps someday you'll find understanding, but I doubt today will be the day."
Kendra audibly ground her teeth, and he could only hope she would maintain control of her rising temper. Kendra was no stranger to conflict. Clenching her teeth, she let Sinjin ask the next question.
"What are we going to do when they get down here?" Sinjin asked in as polite a tone as he could manage without sounding entirely insincere.
"Leave me to worry about that," Trinda said.
Sinjin couldn't help but feel betrayed and helpless. They'd never had any choice in the matter of coming here. He worried over these things to mask deeper worries. Trinda eyed him as if trying to read his anxiety, and he pushed those feelings deeper. Fortunately for him, he had an abundance of things about which to worry and let his thoughts remain a maelstrom of anxiety. The sounds drifting to them grew louder, and he wondered just how much time they had left.
"If we are to defend the hold," Sinjin said, "may I have my staff and Koe please?"
"That won't be necessary. Now is not the time," Trinda said.
He had known she wouldn't grant his request, and it further soured his mood. This trickster clothed in the body of a child was starting to push Sinjin's patience to its limits. Dealing with Trinda required Sinjin to constantly remind himself she was far more powerful and intelligent than her form would suggest. The girl was an expert at using this to her advantage. Even people who knew how dangerous she was still sometimes fell under her spell and underestimated her.
Considering some of her abilities, Trinda was perhaps the most powerful person on all of Godsland. Sinjin noticed Trinda staring at him, and he pushed that thought down as far as he could. Despite his efforts, blood rushed to his face. Sometimes he envied his mother's ability to speak with her subconscious. Maybe then he could convince his body to stop embarrassing him. Trinda's smile grew wider.
Given the chance, Sinjin would have said something, but his knees buckled when the keep shuddered. An instant later, a clap louder than thunder and a familiar roar filled Dragonhold.
"Well," Trinda said, her face a mask of innocence. "I think we have another visitor."

* * *

Kenward watched the events unfold in a state of increasing shock. Far too many demons and feral dragons flooded the hall, and the Serpent wasn't yet ready to fly. He eyed Jehregard and wondered if the huge dragon could push his way out of the hold. Visions of being in a wooden box atop that dragon forced Kenward to consider other options.
In the end, he turned to Chase and Martik to see what they would do. So far, they had remained near Onin and Jehregard for the semblance of safety the dragon provided. But it was clear Chase was looking for an opportunity to make their escape. Martik was eyeing the tierre atop the verdant dragon, but the longer he thought about it, the more color drained from his face.
Allette remained atop her dragon and appeared torn as to what to do with Thundegar. She'd been ready to cast him aside not long before, but Rastas stood defensively beside Thundegar, his tail wrapped around the man's leg.
"I'm not your enemy," Thundegar said.
"Nor are you my father," Allette responded with venom. "He's dead, along with all my friends and family."
"Not all of your friends are dead," Thundegar continued, his voice calm and level without a hint of fear. Kenward admired him; the gaze of the feral queen was enough to make his legs turn to jelly.
"I betrayed you!" Allette shouted at Thundegar as if he were deaf. "You've no reason to be my friend."
"You did not betray me," Thundegar said. "You were unable to help me, that is true, and you did what you had to do save yourself, but that doesn't make you a traitor; it makes you a survivor. If you had come back, it's possible none of us would've survived. Do you understand me?"
The hall was mostly silent. Kenward drew ragged breaths. The air reeked of power and left a metallic taste in his mouth that grew progressively worse.
"What do you expect me to do? Just leave? After I was drawn here against my will and threatened by that . . . that . . . child?"
"I only ask you to recognize that we are friends and that none of the people you see in this hall are responsible for bringing you here."
"I'm aware of that," Allette said with a heavy note of exasperation. "But it doesn't mean I don't want to at least pay my respects to our hostess and repay her for her kindness."
The venom pouring forth from Allette showed just how damaged this child was, and Kenward's soul wept for her innocence. He knew her story and could not help but relate to her. He'd lost a great deal in this life; some of it had been returned to him, but he knew the pain of loss, and he could see it all over the girl's face. Like Thundegar, he hoped she would come to see them as allies. The presence of the demons didn't help Allette's cause in anyone's mind, but Kenward also knew they existed before Allette had come to power among the ferals. The demons were the creations of the ferals, and Kenward wasn't certain just how much control over these dragons the girl really had. If it was anything like what he'd seen out of Valterius, Gerhonda, and Jehregard, then her control was little more than an illusion. From what Kenward had seen, the dragons were the ones in control; if not, they wouldn't be in this mess.
The taste was overwhelming, and a hum grew in his ears. Kenward opened his mouth to speak, but the humming shut out all other sound; even the feral queen's roar was drowned out. Chase had both his hands over his ears, but he pulled one away long enough to wave them toward the main entrance to Dragonhold, not far from the hall leading to the kitchens and deeper into the hold. 
Kenward caught a flash of light through the open gates, and his mind could not fathom what it was he'd seen. At that moment, consumed with following Chase and the others, Kenward could give it no more thought. The feral queen loomed above him as they slipped beneath her tail. She and Allette were focused on the entrance to the keep, and those who fled were no longer of any concern. Kenward was glad to see Thundegar among those who made it to the hall, the cloud cat, Rastas, never leaving his side.
Something made Kenward stop and look back, despite his better judgment. When he did, he saw something he'd never have dared to hope for. Glowing like a new star and entering the hold at high speed came a dragon and rider. There was no mistaking Catrin Volker, the Herald of Istra and Kenward's dear friend, and her dragon, Kyrien. Never had Kenward seen either of them shine so, as if Catrin herself were on fire. The saddle upon which she rode spread rainbows of light. Ropes of multicolored lightning shimmered and leaped out at random.
"Flee!" boomed Catrin's forceful command. "I have to release the energy! No one will be safe."
She may have said something else, but Kenward couldn't hear over the thunder of his heart and his feet. Tears streamed down his face from the realization Catrin and Kyrien were alive, but he could not slow. When the Herald of Istra tells you to flee, anyone with the sense the gods gave them did just that. When the thunder began and the blast of air knocked them all from their feet, Kenward prayed they had gotten far enough away.

Chapter 14
Artifacts of true power are rarely hidden in the light.
--Ain Giest, sleepless one

* * *

The first thundering crash was the least of it. What Catrin was doing to release her energy, Kenward didn't know, but it added to his confliction. The joy of knowing Catrin was alive was unabated. She was among his most treasured friends, but she was also the Herald of Istra and was apparently in the process of grinding the great hall to bits. Those around him had the good sense to stay down, and none were injured by the blasts, but Kenward knew his ears would ring for days.
"It's Catrin," Kenward managed to say between blasts, and the looks he received in return ranged from fright to disbelief. Chase, though, stood with tears in his eyes and a determined smile on his face. The next blast knocked him back down, and he landed on Martik, who complimented his decision-making skills.
Eventually the blasts subsided enough that it was safe to stand again. Chase was already moving back toward the hall, and Kenward had to run to keep up with him, and even then, Chase pulled ahead. Others followed more slowly, and the two burst back into the hall, expecting to see the place littered with the bodies of ferals and demons alike. Instead, the demons huddled together against one wall. Jehregard was as still as stone, and Allette remained atop her dragon. They watched Catrin from a distance, the feral queen coiled around a stone column.
Catrin remained in her saddle as well. The air around her shimmered and sparkled. Kenward had seen her struggle to access her powers early in her journey, and now those very same powers might turn her to ash.
Though it was obvious Chase wanted to be reunited with his cousin, the danger was far from averted. From all appearances, Catrin might be a danger to herself. While they hadn't found the bodies they had been expecting, they did find scorch marks blistering the great hall. In places, the mosaic was now once again in disarray. The damage was confined to the general area around Catrin, and it was clear she exercised some control in venting the excess energy, or there might not be anyone left alive. Seeing scorch marks and a mighty split bisecting the oversized throne, it was clear where Catrin had concentrated her rage. Trinda would not be pleased, but Trinda had yet to face Catrin. The thought gave Kenward a chill. He'd said once that he'd happily give up adventure for a trader's life, yet here he was in greater danger than ever.
The feral queen slithered down the column and crept across the hall to face Kyrien. Kenward was trying to decide which was more intense, the looks exchanged between Catrin and Allette or between the dragons they rode. The four sized each other up. 
Now it was Kyrien's tail lashing the air. Kenward couldn't imagine what the dragon was thinking. The ferals had been responsible for exterminating his race, making him the last of his kind, yet he'd mated with a feral queen, producing the regal dragons. Uncertainty hung in the air. Kenward knew the slightest thing could set these two to tearing the world apart. No one wanted to see how capable they truly were.
"I have no quarrel with you," Allette said. "I did not summon you. The child queen is responsible for that, and I would thank her for the kindness. Would you care to join me?"
"I have no quarrel with you," Catrin said, her face stony and cold, "but I take exception to the company you keep."
The feral queen extended her wings, made even more imposing. Kyrien remained as he was, which was perhaps even more intimidating.
"You and the dragon you ride were not part of the attack that killed the regent queen, but some of those here were; I can smell the blood of the regents on them, and I will make no peace with them. Their lives are forfeit--a small price for the loss of an entire species."
"You are correct," Allette said. "Vekkara and I were not a part of that heinous act."
Kenward wasn't quite certain the statement constituted an apology.
"For this day, I propose a truce," Catrin said. "If your forces do not attack anyone within this hold, with the noted exception of Trinda Hollis, then I will allow you all to live."
From any other person, those words might have been an idle threat, especially to one as powerful as Allette. But there was no doubt Catrin meant what she said. It looked as if Catrin could barely keep from killing them all. It unnerved him. Catrin would never intentionally hurt him, but a history of unintentional consequences made Kenward take a step backward.
"Accepted," Allette said.
"Where is Trinda Hollis?" Catrin asked in a frightening voice that carried throughout the hold.
"Cat!" Chase yelled, and Catrin turned to him. The expression on her face changed from a stoic mask to an emotional storm. A sad smile morphed into guilt. "I am so sorry you mourned me. I never meant it to be so."
"It's OK, Cat," Chase said, his voice cracking and tears streaming down his face. "You're here. That's all that matters."
Catrin released the saddle straps and climbed down. The truce was a shaky one, and Kenward was glad to see her not making any sudden moves. Though he loved her dearly, she did frighten him so. Of just about any other person, Kenward would chastise himself for the fear, but with Catrin, it was warranted. This was the only person in existence who might inadvertently destroy the world. Kenward wondered for one terrifying instant what would happen if Catrin had nightmares, but he pushed the thought from his mind lest it paralyze him. His world had become a dangerous place.
"The last I saw Trinda," Chase said, "she was near the great wheel with Sinjin."
Catrin's head snapped to the side, and she started toward Chase. "Take me there," she said in an unfriendly tone. "Now."
Allette dismounted a bit more quickly and walked to Catrin's side. "I will join you."
"My son--" Catrin said.
"Will come to no harm from me," Allette said. "You have my word."
Catrin said no more and pushed Chase into the lead. Kenward followed, knowing he was of no use at all. Despite that, he had to know what happened. The events of Catrin's life had permanently shaped his own, and he had to know what could possibly come next. He was especially curious to find out what it was Trinda wanted. Her story about the great wheel destroying the hold was almost certainly a ruse, but there was but one way to find out. 

* * *

The arrival of the feral dragons had made it clear it was time to leave the Godfist, despite the fact that the Serpent had never returned. Benjin stood at the rail, watching the seas.
"Pelivor and Gwen will awake soon," Fasha said when she reached his side. The feel of her close to him was comforting; it was among the things he clung to. In many ways his world was dull and faded compared to what it had once been. His wife, his friends, their ship, and a daughter of which he could not be more proud were the things that kept him moving. Even with all that bounty, his losses had torn great holes in his heart. The pain of it was at times unbearable. Fasha sensed his mood and wiggled herself under his arm. He did nothing to stop her.
"Have I told you today, my wife, how much I love you?"
"No," she said. "You're late."
"Have I mentioned you're as beautiful as the sunrise? And I get to gaze on you even at night."
"Feeling poetic today?" Fasha asked.
"I'm feeling something today. I'm not quite certain what it is. I just needed to get a bit of air and clear my head. Did you finish the inventory?"
"I did," Fasha said. "We can make for the Firstland and not stop for food or water."
"We're going to need to keep our flightmaster and thrustmaster in check."
Fasha laughed. "They'll rest even if I have to knock them over the head."
Benjin knew it was so and let at least that one worry go. Gwen was his daughter, and he expected things from her he could expect from no one else in this world. But Pelivor was not his son, and he had no right to ask the man for so much. He knew just how twisted it was that he expected more from Gwen than he felt comfortable asking from Pelivor, but it was so. It was something Benjin had to accept about himself.
"I feel so helpless," Fasha said after a long silence. "There's nothing we can do on the Godfist and really nothing we can do on the Firstland. We're not even bringing trade goods. It goes against my heritage."
Benjin smiled. As he'd thought many times before: Once a sailor, always a sailor. Once a pirate, always a pirate. Once his, he'd never let go. He pulled Fasha a little closer. "I don't know what we'll do to help, but we'll find some way. We've managed not to be completely useless up until now."
"Speak for yourself," Wendel said from not far away.
"Eavesdropping?" Benjin asked.
"Normally I wouldn't interrupt your private conversation," Wendel said, "but I was drawn out here by a feeling. I tell you I'd've laughed at anyone who told me that years ago, but then Catrin came along." He sniffed. The rest of those aboard, most of whom had known Catrin personally, gathered with them and shared her memory. No one spoke. No words were required. Catrin's presence was overwhelming. Then the thunder started. Unlike natural thunder, this was continuous, though the intensity fluctuated.
Looking out at roiling clouds suddenly lit from within, Benjin held a hand up to shade his eyes. All those aboard were speechless when rainbows burst through gaps in the clouds backed by orange fire. Benjin's breathing quickened and he grabbed Wendel by the arm. In the next minute, he was the only thing holding his friend up. From the clouds burst a vision of the goddess reborn adragonback. Shining like a font of pure energy, both dragon and rider were engulfed in flame. Even from a distance, Benjin could see Catrin struggling'. His friend was alive, but she was far from saved.
Wendel's knees buckled and Benjin went to one knee with him, gazing back up to the skies with a mixture of fascination and disbelief. Had he gone mad? Then he thought he might be dreaming as Catrin and Kyrien dipped in close, just as Pelivor and Gwen arrived on deck. Like blowing a kiss, Catrin sent a twinkling ball of light speeding toward the Dragon's Wing. It raced over the ship, and as it reached the mainmast, it exploded into an umbrella of sparkling light shimmering and dancing in the air, closing in on the ship like a shrinking dome. Benjin extended his hands and let the sparkles gather there. They were warm to the touch and left a tingly feeling in their wake, long after they faded and disappeared.
Each burst of light brought with it a memory of Catrin, a laugh, a rare hug, more than a few giggles. Tears streamed down Benjin's cheeks. Wendel held his face in his hands, so powerful were his emotions. When the last of the glittering gifts had passed and Catrin and Kyrien had long since disappeared from sight, Benjin and Wendel lay down on the deck and slept better than they had in a long time.

* * *

"I am sorry about the regent dragons," Allette said as they made their way to Dragonhold's interior. It was dangerous territory, and Kenward dearly wished the girl would just remain silent and not push the issue.
Catrin nodded in acknowledgment. "Do you know the reason?" she asked.
Silence was broken only by their footsteps as Chase continued to lead the way.
"Bad blood," Allette finally said. "It goes back a very long way. The memories of dragons are far longer than ours. Has your dragon not told you this?"
Catrin's glare would stop a charging bull. "I asked what you are aware of. I already know what I'm aware of."
"There was war during the last age of power," Allette said. "During the long sleep, the dragons rest and keep themselves nourished until the goddess returns. Given the chance to avenge yourself the losses of the last age, what would you do?"
It was a rhetorical question, but Kenward half expected Catrin to answer nonetheless. "And now what do you and the ferals want?" she asked instead.
"To be left alone," Allette said. Kenward had to admit that for the time they had been left to themselves, they had caused no trouble. Many had insisted they would quietly rebuild their strength then attack again, but Kenward wasn't so sure. There was something in the Black Queen's eyes that made him second-guess himself. Such humanity existed there, though it was laced with dark, reptilian coldness. Kenward shivered when she caught him staring at her. Did she blush after turning away? Kenward wasn't certain since he couldn't look directly at her. Instead, he had to try to catch a glimpse from his peripheral vision. Whether she had or not, Kenward felt himself flush, and his knees were a little unsteady as unbidden thoughts flooded his mind. No matter how much he wished them away, they persisted. He hoped no one was looking at him.
Chase held up his hand, calling for them to stop. He moved to the end of the narrow, secondary hall they were walking through and peered around the corner. He came back shaking his head. "They're all there," he whispered. "It looks like they are waiting for us."
"Since we lack the element of surprise," Catrin said, "I'll be on my way. Thank you, my dear cousin. Now get out of my way."
Allette moved at Catrin's side. They were perhaps the oddest of alliances, and Kenward hoped the allegiance would last long enough for him to escape. It occurred to him, perhaps too late, that Catrin might best be loved and admired from afar. As she walked, the air shimmered around her, and as if it were contagious, a nimbus of power also grew outward from Allette. Hers was all violets and deep blues. Catrin's aura ran more reds, oranges, and yellows. Kenward had no idea what it meant, but a similar nimbus surrounded Trinda. She waited for them, arms outstretched and holding the Staff of Life and Koe. Fire and lightning danced around the serpent on the staff, showing Trinda was drawing deeply from the dragon ore stones in its eyes.
Catrin and Allette carried no dragon ore, and Kenward wondered if they could defeat Trinda within her very center of power. She had everything at her disposal, and they had been summoned. One did not, in general, summon someone she could not control or dominate. That fact had them all on edge. Trinda had proven unpredictable in the past, and no one knew quite what to expect. It was unnerving in the extreme.
Sinjin and Kendra watched with worry as Catrin and Allette approached. Something bothered Kenward about what he saw, but he couldn't quite place it. Sinjin's expression puzzled Kenward. Then he realized what was missing: surprise. Realization slammed into Kenward's psyche, and he couldn't decide if he wanted to punch Sinjin and Kendra or hug them. Keeping such a secret was a tremendous burden, he knew, but it was such a pointless secret. Pointless until he considered Trinda's ability to summon dragons and apparently their riders as well. He wondered about that last part, but then Trinda spoke.
"Welcome home, Catrin Volker," Trinda Hollis said.
Catrin and Allette continued forward. Neither spoke.
"And I thank the Black Queen for joining us. I know I've kept you waiting, but now that Catrin has joined us, we can begin."
"Begin what?" Allette asked, her tone miles from friendly.
Trinda lowered her hands, and it was only then Kenward noticed Trinda was straddling a hole in the black stone floor. The mighty wheel spun with dizzying speed now, and when Kenward looked closer at the hole, he saw runes around it glowing blue. A scream was forming on his lips as he realized the runes were actually on the stone ring found in the Drakon Ghar's secondhold. He remembered then the scroll.
"Beware the Fifth Magic!" he shouted.
Before anyone else could act, Trinda's hands were moving downward, inserting the Staff of Life into the now glowing orifice. The shaft sank in just deep enough to keep the serpent's glowing eyes visible. The child queen twisted the staff until there was a rocky click. Sound erupted from Kenward and everyone else at the same time. The cacophony prevented anyone from being heard, but there was no need for words or commands, only warning.
Trinda wheeled and retreated toward the giant stone wheel, reaching into her robes. Catrin lashed out, her attack followed a heartbeat later by Allette's. Both attacks struck the child queen's exposed back and she shuddered. 
Falling forward, she did manage to free whatever it was she'd been trying to pull from her robes. In her hand, Kenward saw something he recognized--the figurine the lord chancellor had asked him and his men to hold when they had first met. He'd been told it was for ceremonial purposes and was merely tradition, but he now suspected it was something entirely different. Trinda rolled onto her back, stunned.
Guards moved to surround her, the window of opportunity closing. Catrin and Allette did not attack, though Kenward wasn't sure why they held back. Perhaps neither could stomach harming someone in a little girl's body, despite knowing she was older than Catrin. No matter the reason, there were consequences. They should have taken their chance while they could. Though placing the staff within the stone ring had no discernible effect, what Trinda did next would forever change the Godfist. With trembling hands, she placed the figurine Sevon had stolen from the Heights into a much smaller opening in the rock and gave it a turn.
Catrin's second attack raced toward her but too late. The delicate figurine of a woman in flowing robes went fully erect. With the hand gripping a lightning bolt held high, the figurine began to spin, the centrifugal force causing previously hidden blades to extend. For a moment, Kenward was struck by its beauty. He had no idea how such a thing could be made or why all these otherwise unrelated pieces interacted in such an amazing way. His infatuation was interrupted by a whirring sound from the spinning figurine, which was now rotating faster, causing the sound to grow higher and higher in pitch. Then the figurine suddenly and catastrophically stopped. The blades must not have been connected to the center of the figurine because the sudden stop allowed the blades to continue rotating until they crashed into one another. What had been beautiful a moment before was now in chaos. The trend would continue.
The stone ring holding the Staff of Life disappeared into the hole, and the staff dropped with it until only a single hand's width of ancient wood remained above the stone. Part of Kenward wanted to race to the staff and keep it from dropping any further. Never before had it been so clear that he was powerless.
For a few moments, the keep was silent. Trinda lay still. Bernerd knelt to check her for signs of life, but then the keep shuddered. A deep, painful vibration hurt Kenward's joints and gave the impression of giant gears being engaged. He had the distinct feeling his fate was already sealed. Whatever was going to happen was going to happen, and it was too late for him to change it. He'd been in dangerous situations before, but never had he been so utterly helpless. When the stone floor leaped up to meet him, he thought his luck might finally have run out.

* * *

The decision to return to the Godfist came down to Wendel Volker. It was, after all, his daughter who'd just effectively come back from the dead. And now she was flying back into danger. Benjin didn't know how to feel except worried. There were very few ways he could imagine this ending well. Almost all paths led to disaster. Again he tried to understand Trinda's motives but could make no sense of them. Why bring all the dragons to Dragonhold if not to get the most powerful people on Godsland in one place. It was possible the girl could not differentiate which types of dragons she summoned, but Benjin suspected she knew exactly what she was doing. He just didn't know why, which bothered him greatly.
Going back to the Godfist was an enormous risk, but the weather had worked to Benjin's advantage for once in his life. Though storms were something they normally sought to avoid, a storm fronted by strong winds and headed in the correct direction had made their already swift vessel even faster. Ferals had ignored the Dragon's Wing last time, but that didn't mean they would do so again. His wife and daughter were on this ship, and every crew member was a dear friend. All of them had agreed, which did nothing to reduce the responsibility weighing on Benjin. His family and friends were strong and craftier than most would give them credit for, and still Benjin felt he should turn back out to sea.
The Godfist loomed ahead like a beacon of inevitability. The problems there would neither go away nor fix themselves. People he loved were in danger there, and the Wing flew with single-minded determination. They weren't much of an army, but they would have to do.
"Bring us in fast and low," Benjin said to Pelivor. "The longer before they know we're coming, the better."
"Are you sure about this?" Fasha asked.
"You're the captain of this ship," Benjin said. "I know I've crossed that line on a number of occasions, but I'll not go back on my word."
Fasha stood for a long moment, silent. She glanced at Gwen and the others, as if committing them to memory. Perhaps she was, Benjin thought. It nearly brought tears to his eyes. He couldn't bear to think about losing any of them, and yet if they landed on the Godfist, it was unlikely all of them would make it back out.
"Turn back," Wendel said. "I can't have any of your blood on my conscience. Let me off in the harbor. I'll go alone."
"I'm going with you," Jensen said, leaving no room for debate.
"No one will keep me away," Pelivor said, fire in his eyes. His posture dared anyone to defy him.
"I'm not staying here while my flightmaster saves the girl," Gwen said. Pelivor flushed.
It was, once again, unanimous.
"Low and fast," Benjin said again.
Shouts greeted them when they passed over the harbor and lift, but those who'd seen them couldn't send word in time. Flying low, as it turned out, had drawbacks. So many things jutted into the air. Trees and buildings jammed the valley, which had been uninhabited not so long ago. Benjin thanked the gods for Pelivor's skills. No one spoke for fear of breaking the man's concentration. 
Deadly obstructions soared past with blinding speed. Pelivor masterfully avoided the dangers, but in doing so, he sent the ship leaning to one side or the other. The rest did what they could to predict the movements of the ship. Pelivor could offer little warning, able only to react when new dangers approached. 
The valley widened a bit as they moved south, and the flight through Lowerton was much smoother. The place was abandoned and empty and lent to the spooky feeling. Seeing feral dragons circling high above didn't add to his confidence.
When Dragonhold came into view, the facade was still unfinished, the gates hanging open. Those gates were charred and splintered and wouldn't be closing any time soon. One door was perilously close to falling into the valley below, which would most likely take out the wooden stair on its way down. It didn't bode well for their climb. Few other options presented themselves.
Deep thunder rolled through the valley, far louder than anything Benjin had ever heard, yet there was not a cloud in the sky. This sounded different than Catrin's attacks, and he was still trying to figure it out when he saw dust clouds. Dragonhold moved. It didn't simply rotate internally this time; the entire mountain moved. Reaching from the ground like claws of stone, megalithic spires with smooth, elegant lines erupted. Dragonhold was in the grip of a stone god. Farther and farther the claws extended until nearly meeting in the air high above the tallest peak. How could anyone have created something grander than the mountains? Benjin asked himself. It was unfathomable, yet it was real.
Lightning danced between the stone spires. Then the stones themselves began to sing a wavering note.
"It's some kind of shield!" Wendel shouted. "We'll never get in there through that!" Desperation raised the pitch of voice.
"Whatever that thing is," Benjin shouted, "it looks like it's still warming up. Hold on!"
"What are you doing?" Fasha asked in a shrill voice.
"Bring us in hot," Benjin yelled to Pelivor.
"Are you mad?" Fasha shouted. The time for debate had passed. A spire stood between them and the front gates. Sliding past it would be the only way to gain the hold--that was, if they were not killed instantly by the shield. Mountain and spire rushed toward them at incredible speed. Benjin braced himself.
Dancing between the spires, lightning licked the rigging as they sped forward. Benjin hoped they weren't already too late and couldn't blame those screaming as they cleared the spire. No pain came but the gates were upon them in the next instant, even smaller than they appeared from far away. The opening was large enough to admit the Wing, but the speed and the angle of their approach was less than ideal, causing them to brush against one side of the entrance. A whole tree trunk protruded from the gate and sent them spinning. Pelivor showed skills he'd never used before as he straightened out the listing airship and brought her down. The landing was more abrupt than any before it, and Benjin thought hull might shatter, but it was as if they had struck something with a bit of give to it.
A moment later, Benjin made his way to the rail and looked down to see what had broken their fall. Kenward Trell was not going to be happy.

Chapter 15
Memory is short and civilization fragile; record precious knowledge in stone.
--Brother Vaughn, Cathuran monk

* * *

After the initial jolt knocked everyone down, Sinjin pushed himself up onto all fours. Kendra and others moved, and his wife did not appear to be hurt. Trinda was still, and her guards hovered over her. His mother's and even Allette's faces told him something was terribly wrong. All the color had drained from them, and Sinjin felt something unnerving. Though he possessed very little power, he could feel it . . . changing. It was a strange sensation and difficult to describe. He felt as if the power were being bent. What had always been a somewhat constant note had changed in pitch, and it buzzed in his mind. His mother clapped her hands over her ears, and Allette doubled over.
Accompanying all this was a grinding vibration, similar to what it had felt like when the keep moved, except this was far more intense and sustained. Darkness overcast the amber crystals allowing in the light, forming claw-shaped shadows. Like the hand of an awakened god tightening around them, colossal stone fingers enclosed Dragonhold in a tomblike grip.
"No!" Catrin screamed.
"Make it stop!" Allette added her shrill plea.
These massive stones warped the energy as they moved into place. Multicolored lightning danced along the rock, and waves of blue plasma washed over the spaces in between, as if some sort of barrier had been erected between them. The farther the fingers reached, the more defined the barrier grew. The energy vibrated at an ever-increasing pitch, making Sinjin's teeth feel as if they would explode.
His mother and Allette squirmed in obvious anguish. Never had Sinjin hated Trinda more. He'd been angry and hurt, but now it was different. Now he wanted to knock her teeth out. There was nothing he could tolerate less than someone hurting his mother, and it was clear those with power greater than his were in far more pain.
Trinda woke, her screams deflecting his anger. The certainty of their deaths was made clear when a second jolt rocked Dragonhold. The fingers of stone locked into place with sudden finality. It felt as if they had all just been sealed in a tomb. Though they had previously managed to stand, Allette and his mother both collapsed back onto the cold stone floor. What struck Sinjin first was the silence. The high-pitched note was gone, and its absence felt unnatural. It was like the feeling he got when flying and pressure built up in his ears; he could still hear but everything sounded wrong.
The silence didn't last long. It was soon filled with Allette's sobbing. Sinjin rushed to his mother and found her unresponsive. What had Trinda done? he asked himself with tears streaming down his face. She was breathing, which gave him hope.
Kendra reached his side. "What just happened?"
"I'm not certain," Sinjin said. "But I'm pretty sure it's not good. I don't know what it's done to her, and I don't know how to help." Despite his best effort, the anxiety and fear made his voice tremble.
Perhaps this sound triggered some maternal instinct in Catrin since her eyes opened and a sad smile formed on her lips. "It's OK, Sinjin," she said.
Sinjin could not hold back his tears. The wellspring of relief drove him back to his knees.
"What has Trinda done?" Kendra asked Catrin.
"The power is gone," Catrin said. Her words were followed by stunned silence, which felt as if it might last forever. "The Fifth Magic has been activated. The true nature of this place has come to light too late. Dragonhold is a prison."

* * *

Kicking at an empty oyster shell along a black shore, Durin walked alone. Holding out hope his friends and family were still alive was exhausting given what they knew, and Durin had long since grown weary of it. For the Drakon left behind by dragons summoned in their absence, the uncertainty was no less painful. It had been their inescapable worry and anguish that had driven him from the hold. Stopping, he picked up another empty shell and skimmed it across the still waters of his favorite tidal pool. It was this place he came to whenever he needed inspiration, and he was sorely in need.
A variety of fish swam within the pool, shocks of blue, yellow, and orange color danced beneath the now shimmering surface. Glossy black one-claw crabs skittered from the pool and up onto the rocks, concealing themselves away in crevices, making themselves nearly invisible. Durin knew where they were, though. The crabs were now considered a delicacy among the Dragon Clan, and though it took dozens to make a proper meal, Durin and the rest loved their succulent, smoky taste.
Thoughts of the Dragon Clan reminded Durin of his troubles. Morale was low. The Drakon were privileged just by virtue of having bonded with a dragon. None blamed them, but that didn't mean no one felt resentment, hurt, or disappointment. The Arghast had foreseen this day, long ago, and becoming Drakon was something they'd all aspired to. For those left to support the hold, "Dragon Clan" had taken on new meaning and was no longer something of the greatest pride; it was less than Drakon, and that would not do. 
It was a puzzle Durin could not solve and was perhaps the least of his problems, but he wanted very much to avoid thinking about his most pressing concerns. He wasn't the one who'd been raised to hold great power as Sinjin had. Durin was in no way prepared for the role in which he found himself, yet the Dragon Clan respected him. They trusted him. He knew that trust was misplaced. It was given because of his relationship with Sinjin, not because he'd earned it. The idea of hand-me-down power did not sit well in his gut. His having power of any sort, least of all power he did not deserve, was unsettling. Sinjin, at least, had been raised for leadership. He'd been trained to handle situations just like this. Durin had been trained to carry water buckets. When he was honest with himself, he admitted that Sinjin had carried his share of water buckets and that some of what he'd learned had rubbed off. Still, the thought of these people relying on him made his stomach hurt.
He'd been an outsider not so long ago, a pasty-faced Pinook among Arghast, but all that had changed. They relied on one another now. They had saved each other's lives, which created a bond stronger than any but blood. Their trust and reliance weighed on Durin. He was going to fail them. It was among the few things Durin had done with any regularity in his life. The greater the possible payoff for his efforts had been, the more colossal the disaster. Sinjin had set him up for the ultimate failure, and Durin couldn't help but resent him for it.
Most of the time, Durin didn't feel this way, but Sinjin was gone along with the rest of the Drakon and those aboard the Serpent and the Dragon's Wing. The unknown was driving Durin to distraction, and there was absolutely nothing he could do about it. Again, Durin kicked at the loose shells around him. Seabirds filled the air with their calls, and more shellfish dropped from the skies around Durin. He had learned long ago to wear headgear when visiting this place. His hat of woven reeds was far from attractive, but it did protect him from errant projectiles. The rocks around the tidal pool appeared to be the preferred place for seabirds to drop the otherwise inaccessible morsels. The air was filled with their raucous calls, and Durin thought it might be time to go; shellfish wasn't the only thing to fall from the sky during these feeding frenzies.
Holding on to his hat, Durin jogged up the trail leading back to Windhold. Even with the noise of the seabirds, cries from the hold could be heard as soon as he cleared the black dunes. Panic set in almost immediately. Something must be wrong. Running up the difficult and, in places, treacherous trail, Durin knew he was being reckless. Sinjin would have counseled him to go more slowly rather than risk injury, but the uncertainty was going to consume Durin if he didn't get some indication of what was going on soon.
In record time, he reached the base of the mountain housing Windhold. Durin had to take a moment to catch his breath. It was then he saw a sight that made his heart leap: dragons on the horizon. It didn't take long, though, to realize something was wrong. His breath freezing in his chest, Durin came to a chilling realization. The dragons were saddled but riderless.
Durin couldn't get back to the hold proper soon enough, and when he finally burst into the main flight hall, everyone was talking at once. Durin walked to the giant opening and let the wind scour him with sand and occasional hints of salt spray. He had often marveled at the persistent wind giving the hold its name, but on this day, he ignored it. His tears mixed with the wind, and Valterius called out to him, a mournful wail. That alone was enough to make his knees buckle, but he steeled himself. This was no time for weakness or fear, Durin finally realized. His people needed him, and now there might be something he could actually do. Though he had no idea what fate had befallen the Drakon, he would not rest until he found out.
Valterius, Gerhonda, and the other dragons entered Windhold in silence. The entire scene was surreal. What happened next put a lump in his throat. Gerhonda approached Marra, the woman who usually helped Kendra care for her, but rather than letting the woman remove the bridle and saddle, Gerhonda used her forehead to nudge Marra. Her eyes went wider and wider as Gerhonda guided her to the saddle. The scene repeated throughout the hold, and even so, Durin jumped when Valterius nudged him.
Feeling as if he were in a dream, Durin mounted Valterius. His knees trembled. Though he'd secretly wondered what it would feel like to have his own dragon, this was not how he had ever hoped or imagined it might happen. The other Dragon Clan appeared to share this feeling--most of them at least. 
Strom and Osbourne had been struggling to find their place in Windhold, and both were stunned when dragons approached, especially since they were not dragon grooms. No one protested, though, and Osbourne climbed atop Atherian. The man had no experience with dragon saddles, and Durin was proud of Chelene when she strapped Osbourne in. He sensed no anger or resentment from her. Ever-practical Chelene simply did what needed doing.
Strom, on the other hand, had a much more difficult time. Initially he refused Grekka, but the regal dragon insisted. After some words Durin would never repeat, Strom mounted. As with Chelene, Tressa helped Strom, who sat with his eyes closed. Durin wasn't sure if he was praying or just frightened. Strom had sworn to avoid dragons ever since Kyrien had invaded his thoughts and coerced him into making Catrin's sword. Tressa gave him a firm nod, indicating Strom was securely strapped in.
"Today, my friends," Durin shouted out, "we must be Drakon if even only for a time. If you'll follow me, we'll either find a way to save our people or avenge them!"
Valterius roared his agreement, and the Drakon answered. Before Durin was quite ready, Valterius leaped into the air, followed by Gerhonda and the other dragons. Solemn and determined, the Drakon flew. Durin knew not what he would find or even if they would survive, but for once he knew what he did was right.

* * *

"We've got to get her out of here," Kendra said.
"I'm not sure we should move her," Sinjin said. His mother had been drifting in and out of consciousness. Her fragile state worried him.
"She just needs rest and time to adjust," Kendra said. "I'm certain of it. They took Trinda away."
This was perhaps the sole reason Sinjin considered doing as Kendra asked. Most of the guards had left when they had carried Trinda somewhere more comfortable. His mother had said Dragonhold was a prison, and if they were going to escape it, this might be their only chance. 
Looking around for something from which they could make a litter for his mother, Sinjin spotted the wooden basin constructed to preserve the parchment found on the Drakon Ghar. Without hesitation, he moved toward it, driven by single-minded purpose. He was rudely blocked by a spear point jabbed in his belly. Though it did not pierce his flesh, it was painful and Sinjin appreciated it not a bit. Taking the spear in hand, just below the tip, he pulled it away and did not release it.
"I've done what you've asked of me up until this point," Sinjin said, "but if you don't get out of my way, we'll find out just how good you are in a fight."
There was a moment of tense silence before the Greatlander stepped back. Another guard stood nearby and tried to pretend he hadn't been watching or listening to the exchange. Without a single thought for the document, Sinjin knocked the ends of the framed basin free, which left two longer rails with waxed leather between them. It wasn't quite as long as he would've liked, but it was better than nothing. Within moments, they had Catrin loaded onto the litter and carried her back toward the great hall. Through the tunnels and past the kitchens, no one barred their path. Though this was not the shortest route to the great hall, it didn't require use of the barges.
A commotion up ahead forced them to stop. Sinjin and Chase lowered Catrin gently to the ground. Only when Halmsa rushed down the hall, his face lighting up when he saw them, did Sinjin breathe again. The Drakon had come looking for them, and there were now ample hands to carry his mother. Though he wanted to care for her himself, it was more important he figure out a way to get them out of Dragonhold.
"What's happening in the great hall?" Sinjin asked.
"The Drak have gone," Halmsa said, and the air left Sinjin. "Feral and verdant are still in the hall. And the Dragon's Wing."
"What?" Sinjin asked, dumbfounded. "They shouldn't be here!"
"Here they be," Halmsa said.
The problems they faced felt insurmountable, but a glance at Kendra and his mother, who barely stirred, overcame his fears. "We need to get my mother on the Dragon's Wing and get her out of here."
"But there is . . . something surrounding the hold," Halmsa said.
"You said the Drak escaped."
"They did," Halmsa said. "Just before the . . . uh . . . thing closed."
While he was happy Valterius and the others had escaped, Sinjin wondered if the rest would be imprisoned within Dragonhold for the rest of their days. Though he had far less access to Istra's powers than others, he could still acutely feel its absence. He had never realized how strongly he'd felt Istra's energy until it was gone. It was as if something critical were missing from the air. He could only imagine what it must feel like for his mother or Allette. He thought for just an instant about how Trinda must feel, but she had brought this upon herself and them. He would never forgive her for it. In the past he'd felt guilty for the way he'd treated her, but that was no more.
Benjin, Wendel, and Jensen emerged from the kitchens laden with supplies, and Sinjin couldn't help but smile at the sight. Kendra briefed their friends since she reached them first.
"What in all of Godsland is going on around here?" Benjin demanded. "And what are those giant stone claws?"
"The best we can figure," Kendra said, "that thing is the Fifth Magic, and it appears to be a prison. It cuts us off from Istra's light."
"Can anything go through it?" Benjin asked, but no one answered. Instead, they started making their way back to the great hall. There they found Onin of the old guard and Jehregard making their way to the main entrance.
Kenward came to Sinjin's side and was about to ask him a question when Benjin interrupted. "Kenward," he began, "I'm more sorry than you can possibly imagine."
Without even asking what, Kenward pushed past Benjin and into the great hall. The Dragon's Wing resting atop the Serpent's shattered remains. "I know you never liked the carving on the masthead," Kenward said in a pained voice, "but you didn't have to do that to her!"
The Serpent had taken significant damage before breaking the Wing's fall, but now the ship was unsalvageable. In preserving the Dragon's Wing, the Serpent might have saved them all, but they would need to figure out a way around the energy field surrounding the hold. Now that he was in the main hall, Sinjin could see the field through the still open and damaged gates. It shone bluish green. The plasma rippled and churned like fast-moving clouds. He could feel wringing energy from the air. It felt as if it would suck the life from him, leaving nothing behind but a dried husk.
Escape was starting to feel like an unreachable goal. Chase was searching for something they could throw at the energy barrier, looking everywhere but at the wreckage of the Serpent. A wise move. Kenward was already volatile, and there was no sense in antagonizing him, no matter how handy the wreckage might be at that moment.
"Look out!" Sevon cried a moment later, and he ran back from the main entrance. Given everything that had happened, he acted on Sevon's warning without hesitation. Sinjin couldn't help but look back. When he caught a glimpse of what the thief had seen, his legs stopped cooperating. A mature feral dragon bore down on the keep at incredible speed. The barrier would be first tested from outside.
Striking the plasma barrier jaws first, the feral bull was all aggression. A loud crackling and a blinding pulse of light reported the impact. The thunderclap was almost immediate and made Sinjin's head ring. The feral continued forward, wings extended, but the life was gone from its eyes. Slamming into the timbers framing the main entrance, it reduced one wooden gate to rubble and flying splinters. Sinjin supposed there wasn't much need for the gates any longer since it was now clear nothing living could get in or out of Dragonhold.

* * *

Catrin Volker woke in her chambers. A herald globe rested in the stand as it always had, though the light it gave was soft and dull. It would soon need to be charged. Sleep played tricks with Catrin's memories. She almost expected to see Prios walk in with trays of food from the kitchens. Her chest tightened as she prayed that very thing would happen, hoped against hope for all the terrible things to be naught but a dream. It was not to be so.
Looking around with fresher eyes, Catrin's belongings were just as they had been. This surprised her since she knew Trinda had sent Sinjin's belongings with him when she banned him from Dragonhold. This one small thing Catrin was thankful to Trinda for. Here there were ties to her old life, to a happier time when she and Prios and Sinjin had been a family.
When the door did open, it was Chase who entered with food. The sight almost made Catrin cry for a multitude of reasons, but mostly she was happy to see Chase.
"Stay there," Chase said. "You need the rest."
Catrin sat on the edge of the bed despite his protests. She hated trying to eat while lying down.
"How are they doing?" Catrin asked.
Chase knew whom she meant. "Sinjin, Kendra, and the rest are uneasy and still trying to figure out what to do with themselves. Trinda's guards don't quite know what to do either, and so far they've given us run of the keep except for the halls where Trinda's quarters are. We haven't seen a single sign of her. I assume she has the good sense to rest."
Catrin snorted.
"Kenward and Brother Vaughn have been looking after Allette," Chase continued, not acknowledging the outburst. "No one's been killed yet, so it's going reasonably well."
"I need a way to get word to someone outside of Dragonhold," Catrin said.
Chase considered this for a moment. "Who?"
"Anyone who'll listen," Catrin said with a hint of desperation in her voice.
"What about the stone forest?" Chase asked. "When you're better rested, we can try to get you there and see if you can contact Jharmin or Ohmahold."
"Perhaps," Catrin said. "The keystones fell into disuse once everyone knew Trinda could hear every word."
"You just never know," Chase said. "They may have people posted to eavesdrop just as Trinda has. I suppose there's the chance it won't even work without Istra's light." His mood soured as he talked himself out of his own idea.
"I understand why Sinjin is here, since Trinda summoned the dragons, but why are Benjin and Kenward here?"
"Kenward came after Trinda offered to open trade with Windhold in exchange for the stone thrones from the Slippery Eel," Chase answered, but Catrin's smile brought the realization to him as well. "No. You need to rest. Absolutely not!"

Chapter 16
Fortune favors the reckless but abhors the unlucky.
--Mundin Barr, speculator

* * *

It took hours for Strom to open his eyes, but the man eventually relaxed, if only just a little.
"Grekka won't let anything happen to you," Durin had told him. He wasn't certain it helped.
Osbourne had quickly grown accustomed to flight adragonback. "This is so much better than an airship! You're an extension of the dragon."
The Dragon Clan shared his enthusiasm. Durin didn't say anything, knowing he and Strom would probably be more at home on the Serpent or the Dragon's Wing. Durin had often chided Sinjin about his lack of control over Valterius. It had been more than just a little inconvenient on numerous occasions, but now he knew just how Sinjin had felt: helpless. He tried talking to Valterius but had no way to know if the dragon understood him. He wasn't certain how the dragon would communicate back even if he did understand. It was frustrating beyond belief.
The dragons knew what had happened to his friends, but they could not or would not tell him. Choosing to believe the former was easier than venting impotent rage on Valterius. He was fortunate to have worked with his mount from the time he was a hatchling. They already trusted each other. 
Strom and Osbourne were at a disadvantage, but Osbourne and Atherian were bonding. Grekka checked on Strom often, as if worried her passenger might have died. Strom refused to move for fear of causing them both to fall from the skies. It was an unreasonable fear since dragons were designed to fly and could easily compensate for his shifting weight. Deep-set fears were rarely subject to reason.
Early in their flight, Durin had searched Sinjin's saddlebags for any sign of what had happened to him and the others. He'd found nothing beyond salted fish and mealcakes. Neither had appealed to him at the time, but now the coarsely ground grains in the mealcakes were just sweet enough to offset the fish's saltiness. The others had also found basic rations, but it would not be enough to get them . . . The uncertainty was maddening. How could he plan when he had no idea where they were going or what they would find there?
When the Keys of Terhilian came into view, the Terhilian Lovers at least confirmed they were, indeed, flying toward the Godfist. That was until Valterius led the other dragons lower and landed on the beaches beneath the statues. The mighty table brought here for the Council of the Known Lands rested at an angle, partially submerged in sand and making for an unnerving sight. Half a dozen ornate chairs surrounded the table in disarray. Other chairs had been carried far down the beach by tidal waters. Everything about the sight was creepy and spoke of the perils they faced.
Nipping at the straps securing him, Valterius made it clear Durin was to dismount. It was his way of saying, "Get off or I'll remove you."
Dragons landed along the beach, their riders looking to Durin. After he unstrapped himself, the Drakon did the same, equally reluctant but given no more choice in the matter. Valterius nudged Durin toward a chair that was mostly submerged in the sand, and he leaped back into the air. The other dragons followed, and Durin was left to wonder what it was he was supposed to do.
"Firewood," Strom said.
Grateful for the big, practical man, Durin cursed himself for being so dense. Soon the chairs had been reduced to kindling, and Strom set to work using flint Osbourne had found in his saddlebags and shavings from a chair leg. Fishing would be difficult without wire or hooks.
Valterius proved himself once again when he plunged his claws into the waters off shore and landed a fish half as long as a man was tall. He had thought Valterius might be hunting for his own meal until the dragon came soaring back toward them. Durin took two steps back as the dragon approached, aiming straight for him. Valterius was a few paces away when he released the still fighting fish from his claws. The fish caught Durin full in the chest and drove him back into the sand. 
As unpleasant and uncalled for as it was, at least he knew what he was supposed to do. "Let's get the best impromptu smokehouse we can set up and preserve as much of Valterius's gift as we can," he said.
Strom said the table would be perfect if they could manage to cut a couple pieces off. They had no tools capable of cutting the thick table. Grekka proved no tools were required. After dropping the fish she'd caught nicely at Strom's feet, she looked up to Durin. He did his best to make gestures indicating what they needed. Stepping up, the dragon looked the table over and sniffed. Then she clamped down her powerful jaws and snapped off a section large enough to lean against what was sunken in the sand and form a workable smokehouse. Before the dragon completely disassembled the table, Durin stepped in.
"We need more wood to burn," Strom said.
Walking down the beach, searching for more chairs or driftwood, they gathered what he could find. The dragons had begun to eat their catches, and Durin watched them as he searched. None of this could be happening to him, and he walked as if in a dream. With few more answers than when they had left Windhold, he moved back to where skilled hands deftly cleaned the fish brought back by the dragons. It wasn't nearly enough wood. Osbourne joined him in the search, and they looked for a place where they might be able to climb up to wooded areas of the island, but the cliffs here were similar in height and steep grade.
"I have to admit I never saw this coming," Durin said as they walked.
Osbourne smiled and patted him on the shoulder. "The world once made sense," Osbourne said wistfully, "but that was before the return of Istra changed everything."

* * *

After weeks of anticipation, the Godfist came into view, and a sick feeling came over Durin. Did he really want to know the Drakon's fate? he asked himself. Though he and his fellow Dragon Clan flew with the Drak, none considered themselves true Drakon. No matter what he said, they were but passengers upon dragons belonging to others. Belonging was not the right word, but he knew no suitable way to describe the relationship between dragon and rider. Grekka flew in close; Strom looked almost comfortable in the saddle but not quite. The desire to get out of the saddle and stretch his legs was almost unbearable. Yet they were probably safest right where he was. There had been breaks in their flight that had allowed for time swimming when islands and sand bars weren't an option. Even accompanied by the dragons, Durin had feared swimming in such deep waters. More than once he'd regretted squandering the chance to loosen his sore muscles.
"There was a time when I longed for my homeland," Strom said, "but now I dread it."
His words reminded Durin of his own feelings. Trinda controlled Dragonhold, at least as far as he knew, and he'd never been very nice to her. Putting himself back under her control was something he wanted to avoid at almost all cost. The Drakon were not an acceptable bargain, though, and he had to steel himself to the possibilities. He'd have answers soon, whether he liked them or not.
The upper Pinook Valley appeared to be completely deserted, and Durin was saddened by how short a time the settlements had survived. He didn't blame the people for retreating into Dragonhold rather than being exposed to enemy dragons. Still, it bothered him and left his homeland scarred and dead. The feeling persisted and when they reached the plateau, they found it bathed in unnatural blue light. Instants later, Dragonhold came into view. Had he not been strapped in, Durin might have fallen from the saddle. Gasps of dismay burst from those around him despite the well-known need for stealth.
"By the gods," Strom said, though he kept his voice low.
Rising from within the land like giant dragon claws, symmetrical stone leviathans engulfed Dragonhold in their embrace. Power, embodied in sheets of blue flame, reached between the claws. The air sang with energy, and everyone could feel it. It was like a sunburn but more intense and coming from something on Godsland. Were Sinjin and the rest of the Drakon in there? Had Trinda summoned them just to imprison them?
Valterius was keeping his distance from this domelike structure until a sudden change in direction sent them straight for it. Durin cried out, thinking Valterius would send them plunging into the blue fire and to their certain deaths. A blast of hot air then warmed his back, and he turned to see a feral dragon closing in on them and more coming. There was no time to shout a warning to the others; Durin was too busy holding on and ducking beneath feral claws.
Picking up speed, Valterius narrowly evaded the closest feral and changed direction again only once they were almost upon the fiery barrier. Then he sent them climbing the almost vertical face. The feral's mass kept it moving forward, and it slammed into the barrier, passing through. For an instant, Durin dared to hope the barrier was but an illusion, but then lightning struck the feral from multiple directions, and the already dead dragon slammed into the cliff face before sliding down, taking out an expansive section of the wooden stair and the fortifications around it.
Breathing hard, Durin leaned forward in the stirrups and connected with Valterius. The dragon provided subtle cues as to which direction he would turn next, giving him just enough time to anticipate it. This made evasive flying far less abusive on his body, and Durin would've shared the tip if he'd been able to speak. Ferals closed in from multiple directions, and "flitting" was the best way to describe Valterius's evasive maneuvers. He'd seen birds do it, but being on the back of a flitting dragon was like being stuffed in a barrel and rolled down a hill.
The other regals were also hard pressed. Behind them a dragons screamed; a regal and feral dragon locked in a deadly dance. Though smaller, the regal dragon, Vartika, managed to bite down on a critical wing joint, sending both dragons and Jerrel into a fatal dive. Durin couldn't watch. Valterius bellowed and the regals responded. The number of dragons roaring gave him heart, and he crouched over Valterius's neck.
"We can do this," he said. "Together, we can do this."

* * *

The flight from the Godfist was far less harrowing than it could have been, though the anguish of leaving loved ones behind weighed heavily on them all. The feral dragons had chased them out to sea but had then returned to guard Dragonhold. If the ferals were there, Allette was likely there as well. Given the choice, Durin would have to pick Trinda. She was completely unhinged, but at least she didn't have dragons. He wondered about that a moment. If Trinda had summoned all the dragons, did she have control over them? Only a fool would draw such dangerous creatures otherwise. Trinda was insane but she was not stupid. He must assume she had some control over the dragons, which put her a step ahead of almost everyone else. The Drakon had formed an alliance with the regal dragons, but who was actually in control of that relationship was a matter of some debate. Given the current circumstances, he knew which side of the argument he fell on. He would have chosen to circle back to the Arghast Desert and regroup, but Valterius no longer responded to anything he did. It was as if Durin had ceased to exist in the dragon's world, and it infuriated him. Those who flew alongside him were no more at ease with the lack of control they had over their future. Not for the first time, he pondered the motivations of dragons. 
Endless waves passed beneath them with almost nothing to break the monotony. Occasional aquatic life or patches of seaweed were welcome sights since they were something other than ubiquitous waves. Their supplies had long since dwindled, and no one had even the faintest idea of where they were going. Strom, Osbourne, and Durin speculated about their destination, but the midday heat was better suited to silence. Sweat ran into Durin's eyes, and he wondered how much longer they would last. No land had been spotted since the Falcon Isles, and Durin feared the dragons would arrive at the Greatland with corpses on their backs.
The only sources of fresh water were clouds and rainstorms, but those had been scarce. It was as if someone had driven all the clouds away. Another reason they had stopped talking about their destination was that there was nothing they could do about it. They had no control over where they were going, no way to help Sinjin and the Drakon--if even they were alive--and no way to return to Windhold to assist those who remained. Had something on the horizon not attracted his attention, he might have screamed. There was something, though, and it grew more distinct by the moment.
"What is that?" Durin asked out loud, his throat dry and sore.
It took a moment for anyone to respond. Finally Strom said, "That's perhaps the least inviting place I've ever seen."
Jutting from deep water was a black stone tower--no windows, no gates, nothing to indicate the structure was habitable. Waves as tall as greatoaks slammed into one side of the tower, leaving huge swirling depressions in the seawater on the far side. Seabirds flocked around it were the only life to be seen.
Durin muttered the same phrase over and over as he squeezed his eyes shut and prayed. Fly right by . . . fly right by . . . fly right by . . .
The closer they came to the tower, the more ominous it appeared. Fear clawed at Durin. Having no control made the feeling far worse. He trusted Valterius, to a certain extent at least, and he didn't think the dragon would do anything to intentionally hurt him. At the same time, dragons were proving unfathomable and unreliable allies. No matter how wonderful the ability to fly, he wasn't certain he'd ever get back on a dragon once he found his way home. Engulfed within the tower's shadow, getting home was less and less likely.
"Why would the dragons bring us here--wherever here is?" Osbourne said into the oppressive silence. "They could have left us to die any number of places along the way. Flying out here to do it seems like a lot of effort."
The dragons appeared irritated by the discussion, but Durin didn't care. He was pretty unhappy with the dragons at that point. "Whatever it is they plan to do, I hope they just get on with it and do it."
With that, Valterius climbed steeply. The other dragons followed. Though he was strapped in, Durin held on with everything he had. It was self-preservation. If a single strap failed, his grip might be the only thing holding him in place. Their ascent began to slow, and Valterius pumped his mighty wings before alighting atop the mighty stone tower, which stood as a grim monument to some long-lost civilization. No one in their time possessed the knowledge required to build such a massive structure in deep water so far from any shore. Well, that wasn't entirely true, but it frightened him to admit some people currently alive possessed sufficient power to do such things. Still, this place exuded a sense of ancient foreboding. Atherian landed not far from Valterius. Grekka soon followed. The other dragons circled overhead. Durin waited to see what Strom and Osbourne would do.
Valterius blocked his view and nudged him with his maw. Durin had absolutely no intention of removing his straps. He was comfortable right where he was. The dragon disagreed and nudged him again. Seeing Strom unbuckling, he said, "Don't!"
"They flew us all the way out here," Strom said. "What else are we supposed to do? They must have brought us here for some reason."
"I don't care what their reason is," Durin said. "I'm not going in there. I'm not even convinced it's possible to get in there."
Strom might have said something more, but Valterius had Durin's full attention. Now biting at his straps, Al'Drak might destroy the saddle completely if Durin did not dismount. Then he would never get home. Uttering words he'd thought he'd never use, he started undoing the straps. Valterius watched with an unreadable expression, and he couldn't help but stick his tongue out at the dragon, who snorted in response.
All three had dismounted, dangerously close to the tower's edge in Durin's opinion. There wasn't so much as a railing to prevent a person from plunging into the depths so far below. Valterius nudged him again, except this time pushing him toward the other side of the tower.
"If this isn't for a very good reason," Durin said to Valterius, "I'll find you and haunt you."
The dragon had the courtesy to look the slightest bit abashed before leaping back into the skies and flying away.

* * *

Much of Sinjin's childhood had been spent playing on the meeting chamber floor. It had been some time since the room had seen any use. On this day, Catrin had called a conference, and Sinjin felt more than a little strange sitting at the table as a participant. He felt like a pretender. His mother appeared fragile and weak without her power, and Sinjin wondered if the Fifth Magic weren't slowly killing her. Allette arrived a moment later, guided by Kenward. Few had been willing to tend to Allette's needs, but Kenward felt sorry for the girl. Sinjin could almost understand where Kenward was coming from, but seeing them together just felt wrong, and he couldn't shake it.
Chase and Martik were also in attendance, along with Brother Vaughn, Wendel, Jensen, and Miss Mariss.
"I've not had the opportunity to speak with all of you individually. I apologize," Catrin said. Even her voice sounded thin and weak. "I know my disappearance was terribly difficult for all of you. I'm sorry about that. I cannot tell you everything, but know that I did what I had to do."
"You shone like Vestra when you arrived here," Allette said, surprising everyone. "And then you vented the excess energy. Why draw so much?"
The question caught everyone except Catrin off guard. "I no longer draw energy. I cannot keep the energy out." Allette covered her mouth in shock. "You have a barrier or a doorway you must open to access the power, correct?"
"Yes," Allette said, her suspicion poorly masked.
"My barrier is gone," Catrin said, and more than one pair of eyes bulged. "I have access to all the energy around me all the time whether I wish it or not."
"That is why I invited you here," Trinda said from the doorway, once again proving her talent for stealth.
Again, Catrin did not appear surprised. "While I appreciate your invitation, I had the situation quite in hand."
Trinda smiled a knowing smile. How much did she know, Sinjin wondered, and how long had she known it? She had access to information within Dragonhold no one else did, but he suspected it went further than that--a lot further.
"This place is a sanctuary for those who need refuge from the burden of Istra's power," Trinda said.
"I wasn't seeking refuge," Allette said, her eyes never leaving Trinda. "You violated the peace we declared. We are at war."
"And that is why I invited you," Trinda said. "The world is a safer place with the two of you within Dragonhold."
"I don't remember being invited," Allette said, her voice smoldering.
Trinda gave a slight bow of her head. "In the best way I knew how."
Allette maintained her aggressive posture. "And what of you? Why lock yourself within your own prison?"
"I have made this sacrifice for the good of my people," Trinda said, her face a mask of innocence. "I have done what needed doing. Tell me, how else would the world ever have been rid of you?"
The anger building within Sinjin knew no rival. Trinda had drawn his mother and Allette here, imprisoned them, and now she was taunting them. Before he knew it, he was out of his chair and moving toward the child queen.
"No!" his mother shouted, but his momentum carried him forward, and his anger drove his hand to her throat. Trinda's guards reacted just a moment too late, and he had the girl's delicate neck in his hands. He could crush the life out of her if he wished, but even after all she'd done, he didn't wish it.
Lowering his lips to her ear, he whispered something only she heard and that she alone would understand. Then he let go. Trinda's guards immediately pushed him back, and one drew a fully charged herald globe from his pockets. Sinjin's opportunity had passed, and Trinda once again had the advantage.
"We're going to have to find a way to get along," Trinda said. "We're going to have a lot of time to spend with each other."
"Thanks to you," Allette said.
"You're safe now," Trinda said.
Those words flummoxed Allette, and she said no more.
"I'm sorry to have interrupted your meeting," Trinda continued. "I thought I might save you a bit of time. The Fifth Magic is irreversible. There's no sense planning your escape. None of us are leaving this place. Ever. You might as well get used to the idea. And while the people here once were loyal to some of you, they are no longer. Try to subvert them, and you might find my patience at its end."
No one had to ask what power Trinda had over those within the hold. She held the herald globes, powerful weapons when over-charged, and she also had the staff and Koe. Those, Sinjin realized, were now the only sources of power within the hold. Somehow, he would have to find a way to get them back for his mother. The staff appeared to have been locked in stone during the activation of the Fifth Magic, and he wasn't even certain it could be removed. The dragon ore stones themselves pulsated with light, promising a fiery death to any who tried removing the serpent's eyes.
"You may go anywhere in the hold unless my guards say otherwise. Consider yourselves my guests," Trinda continued with a wicked smile. "I'll leave you to plot your escape."

Chapter 17
To soar above the land is to see it in a way the landbound can never understand.
--Onin, master of the old guard

* * *


Sevellon the thief moved through Dragonhold with casual detachment, as if only there to see the sights. Most ignored him; he was, after all, short in stature, and he'd spent a lifetime learning ways to keep people from looking at him. Being a good thief required far more than stealth and physical dexterity, though those were certainly important. A good thief knew planning was the key to success. Understanding the people and the culture and all the details of daily life could dramatically reduce the chances of being caught. Since most thieves are caught only once, it was a matter of utmost importance. Sevellon had kept his head on his neck for this long, and he hoped the trend would continue.
Those who did watch Sevellon pass had been trained to see everyone and everything and retain pertinent details: soldiers and guards. Even the off-duty guards and retired soldiers were easy to spot. There was a hardness about them that could come from only the difficult work they did, not to mention the way they held themselves and the way their eyes moved. Most people failed to see much of what was around them, but thieves, guards, and soldiers knew details saved lives. 
For Sevellon, the life saved was generally his own or perhaps his patrons', but the master thief had never before known the pride of using his skills to help people he truly cared for, people who had given him a second chance. Few things had been given to Sevellon in his life. Almost everything he possessed had been taken from someone else, which made any sort of kindness or generosity stand out.
Kenward Trell had given him a second chance.
Part of Sevellon wanted to distrust; it was the thief in him. Why would anyone be kind to someone as undesirable as he? he asked himself. Surely anyone looking out for his best interest did so for reasons of his own. The thoughts made him hesitate, but he continued, doing something he'd almost never done: believing in someone else.
When he passed the guard hall, filled with observant men and women, he did not rush past, as his initial impulse urged him to do. Instead, Sevellon slowed and peered into the hall. Many eyes turned to him, and he gave them a nod of acknowledgment. It was all that was needed to put these people at ease. He moved onward with a smile on his face.
The entrance to the kitchens was flanked by sweating guards who didn't even look at Sevellon when he entered. The place was the heart of the hold and was never silent or dormant. Those who toiled there tolerated the intense heat for the sake of the people they fed, but it was known to keep tempers at the ready. Miss Mariss stood nearby, and Sevellon approached a young woman he'd never met. She wordlessly handed him a platter of potato and onion hash with a slab of whitefish over it. The smell made Sevellon's stomach grumble. Under the pretense of finding a place to eat his food, the thief moved deeper into the hold.
As he approached the forge, a discordant ring was audible. Even the rhythm of the hammer blows was wrong. In Strom's absence, someone had had to assume the smith's duties, and it appeared the available talent was limited. 
Silence was all that emerged from the now dormant glass smithy, but beyond lay what had once been a storeroom and was now the secondary entrance to the inner keep. Sevellon half expected to be stopped there, but the guards posted simply made certain he stayed away from the supplies still stored there as well as the glowing runes recessed into the floor. Sevellon knew the purpose of some of those runes. Keeping them guarded was wise. 
These guards looked at him differently than those flanking the kitchens. These men watched over something dangerous and powerful, and it showed on their faces and in their eyes, whereas the kitchen guards were posted more to maintain order and to prevent anyone from demanding more than their share of food.
Detecting these differences was the entire purpose of this stroll through the halls. Sevellon did not need to sneak through the hold to discover where the things of real value were being kept; all he had to do was walk past the places where guards were posted and read their faces. 
His food was growing cold, and the thief soon found an open space where he could eat his meal and not be in anyone's way. Benches and other alcoves were spread throughout Dragonhold, and Sevellon seated himself at a nearby bench. Passersby paid him no mind. He listened to their conversations as they walked, trying as he always did to piece together many small clues to get a better overall picture of the situation in general.
The main thing Sevellon sensed from the people of Dragonhold was fear, followed closely by uncertainty. No one understood the exact nature of the barrier erected around the hold, and most of what Sevellon heard was speculation. Some conversations were far more telling than others. Despite all their training and experience, guards and soldiers were still people, and this day proved they didn't always know when to keep their mouths shut.
Eating slowly so as not to run out of food and be seen as eavesdropping, Sevellon blew on the already cold potatoes.
"Need to double up on the guard around the entrances to the queen's chambers, as well as those leading to the control room. Also, if you see anyone going to the stone forest, let them go but report back to me immediately. Is that clear?"
Keeping his eyes down and now playing with his food, which was almost gone, Sevellon did his best to become invisible. In this regard, he was ill prepared. When the captain of the guards finished speaking, he turned to leave, and that was when his eyes landed on Sevellon. Concern flashed across the man's visage, and the thief knew he was in trouble. Meeting the captain's eyes, he gave a respectful nod. For a brief moment, Sevellon thought the man might arrest or interrogate him, but then he returned Sevellon's nod and walked toward the kitchens. Knowing how men like the good captain tended to think, Sevellon did what he could to eliminate any remaining suspicion. Getting up, he followed the captain back to the kitchens to return his platter.

* * *

Kenward's snores filled the very hall where Catrin had once found Imeteri's fish. Not far from Catrin's quarters, these accommodations had been available and made sense on every level. Still, Sevellon hated them, no matter how much Kenward spoke about history. The place reminded him of a prison cell, something he'd spent his entire life trying to avoid. The time or two he'd spent in a cell had been brief and not for stealing. Sevellon did his best to shake off the feeling and decided not to count his many failings. On this night, he needed to focus on his strengths. A certain sense of invincibility was required to pull off something this dangerous.
Doubts threatened his confidence even as he removed painted clothes from beneath his cot. At least this room had given him a place to hide the things he'd been gathering to make this possible. 
Memories also plagued him. Not so long ago, he'd been happy. With the wind in his face and nothing but clear skies around him. Flying aboard the Serpent had been the most enjoyable time of his entire life. Though he'd been under Trinda's employ, he belonged on Kenward's crew. They were a rare breed. Never before had Sevellon known others possessing bravery and audacity to match his own. They made him proud.
Up until this point in his life, finding a way out of the back alleys he'd grown up in had been among his greatest accomplishments. What he was about to attempt was perhaps the most daring act yet. If he did fail, he would know he'd never let fear stand in the way of helping those for whom he cared.
In a way, he also knew he'd be forcing their hands. Trinda had made it comfortable for them here, and the motivation to find a way out was far less urgent than Sevellon desired. Perhaps another man would have let others decide his fate or might even have enlisted help, but what Sevellon did best, he did alone. Still Kenward's snores echoed in the hall. Sevellon was thankful for them as they covered any sounds he made changing in to clothes he'd painted to match the mottled surface of the keep's inner walls. He wore no shoes and instead painted his feet and face and hands. A cloth covered his hair and the back of his neck, and he tied knots at the bottom of his pant legs to make them tight and to keep them from moving.
The halls were dark, but night vision was among Sevellon's strengths. The child queen had hidden the herald globes she horded, save on occasions when having them visible suited her needs. Sevellon had a good idea where they might be, but herald globes were not what he sought. Their absence from the halls aided him greatly. Since the keep was now reliant on torches and oil lamps for light, most were extinguished during the night, leaving occasional pools of light to expose him. It was not the initial part of this journey he feared, though even discovery by his allies would take some explaining.
Nearing the great hall, Sevellon slowed. A single shadow crossed the torchlight surrounding the entrance to the hall. The guard remained almost perfectly still, and Sevellon suspected he was sleeping, but patience was among his most trusty tools. He waited and watched. After a hundred breaths counted, Sevellon crept closer. He moved noiselessly, but it was probably unnecessary at that particular moment, since Jehregard's snoring drowned out all other sound. The dragons were on Sevellon's side. Each one taxed the hold's supplies. Feeding them had been among the greatest challenges. No one knew how long the creatures could survive without food, which created a great sense of urgency.
Kyrien had not helped his case when he disappeared into the God's Eye since he could presumably survive off the fish the mighty underground lake had been stocked with. There was some debate as to where Catrin's dragon had gone. His disappearance caused anxiety among his companions, but Catrin appeared unconcerned. And Sevellon, too, could tell exactly where the dragon had gone from scratches on the stone walls of the hall leading to the God's Eye.
Slipping past the sleeping guard, Sevellon looked over to where Onin slept. His tierre rested on the stone floor, and Onin's feet could be seen sticking out the sides. Somewhere in the hall was the feral queen, but Sevellon tried not to think about that. Moving perhaps more swiftly than was wise, the thief made his way toward the hall leading to the kitchens. This route was dangerous--well lit in some places and in use during all hours of the day. Sevellon had considered taking the longer, less-used route through the God's Eye, but there would be no hiding his passage on the barges, and the thought of swimming in that lake terrified him. Kyrien might mistake him for a fish. Few things in this world truly frightened Sevellon, but dragons did the job. He'd have conquered his fear had it been practical, but getting wet would only have ruined his camouflage.
Using his mental image of the halls and all the places he'd seen where he might hide if the need arose, Sevellon moved with haste. Just before reaching the kitchens, his pulse quickened. Ducking into an alcove, the thief avoided a passing patrol. In the darkness behind the towering statue filling most of the alcove, Sevellon's bare feet were warmed and illuminated by the glowing rune beneath them. More than just a little disturbed, the master thief darted into the hall the instant the patrol moved beyond his immediate area. They could have looked back and seen him, but it was a risk worth taking. The sooner he moved, the less likely he'd encounter the next patrol. The smithies were silent, and Sevellon moved with ease. The supply room, however, boasted two guards.
These men were neither sleeping nor inattentive. Sevellon suspected this was a short-watch duty station, where the guards were rotated every few hours, keeping fresh eyes on the runes and the passersby at all times. No matter what Trinda would have them think, she was tracking their every movement. Sevellon smiled--almost every movement.
Retrieving a pebble from his robe, Sevellon threw it to the far side of the storeroom, not far from the runes. It made a small tick when it struck stone. Both guards looked in that direction. It was enough to get Sevellon into the room. This was the part of being a thief most couldn't stomach. Hiding in plain sight, he relied on the frailties of human perception. The brain sees what it wants to see, an illusionist once told him. Those words had changed his life.
A lesser thief would have lost his nerve and bolted, but Sevellon stood not two paces from an alert guard. He slowed his breathing and employed his practiced skill of remaining almost perfectly still. Time passed sluggishly. Sevellon started to wonder if he'd been wrong about the short watches, but it must have been his impatience skewing the flow of time. Everything, he reminded himself, was a matter of perception and perspective.
By the time a pair of young men came to relieve the current guards, Sevellon himself was having trouble keeping from falling asleep. The sight of the fresh guards brought him to immediate attention, and he did what he could to clear the fog from his mind. The man standing next to Sevellon saw the guards an instant after Sevellon did, and he stepped out to meet them.
"It's about time," he said.
"The queen has us working in that special project," one of the approaching men said. "Orders are to stand double watches."
"It would've been nice if someone told us," the guard still standing across from Sevellon said. He was staring directly at the thief, yet he did not see. Sevellon, not for the first or even the hundredth time, thanked The Amazing Kells for teaching him. Even knowing, Sevellon nearly bolted. The guard held a spear as tall as he was and would have no problem skewering the thief were he to realize what he was looking at.
After a painfully long wait, the second guard, too, abandoned his post. For the briefest instant, the newcomer's view of the room was blocked by the guards leaving, which was all the time Sevellon needed. The lights had ruined his night vision, though, and he stubbed his toe on a protruding crate. Biting his lip, he moved to the next hiding place he'd previously scouted.
"Did you hear something?" one of the new guards asked, and Sevellon hurried, hoping no one noticed the trail of blood coming from his lacerated toe.
Human nature once again played to his advantage. "I didn't hear anything," the other guard said.
"Must've just been mice," the first said. "We need to bring a couple cats up from the meadow, so they can catch 'em."
Sevellon heard no more from the two and did his best to staunch the bleeding. He was in trouble, and he knew it. Already he was behind schedule and had almost been caught. The most dangerous part of this journey was yet to come. The ability to overcome such fears was what had made him such a good thief, and Sevellon moved down back halls and disused corridors. There were more of these than well-used corridors in this part of the keep. Dragonhold could hold many times more people than it currently did. They still hadn't figured out quite how to grow enough food within the keep to feed so many.
Using everything he could to his favor, Sevellon made up some time on his way to one of the most heavily guarded places in the hold, second only to the control room. When he reached the junction just before the hall leading to Trinda's chambers, Sevellon listened--silence.
Slowly he crept around the corner, and he could see the shadows of two guards dancing across the stone in the torchlight. A wispy drapery filled the doorway to the queen's chambers, and the torches burned low, casting small pools of light. These guards were nowhere near as alert as those who guarded the entrance to the inner hold. Again human nature. Those within the inner hold assumed the more closely guarded tunnels leading in meant they stood guard for appearances only. Guards who think they are in no danger tended to look more like these two young men.
Despite their inattentiveness, neither was fully asleep, which was less than convenient. But Sevellon had come up with a solution long before getting to this point. Keep it simple, he reminded himself, and take advantage of human nature. He drew a second pebble from his pants pocket, and he tossed it down the hall, past the guards. Both men heard it and looked. Sevellon moved as quickly as he could, the narrow halls now an advantage. With his hands pressed against one wall and his feet against the opposite wall, he suspended himself in the darkness above the guards. His arms and legs trembled by the time they had lapsed back into a collective stupor. Only one stirred when Sevellon grabbed the ledge above the doorway, swung himself down, and slipped inside the child queen's personal apartments. After landing silently, the curtain moving in his wake, Sevellon crouched down beside a footstool. The guard peered inside with no alarm on his face. Seeing nothing out of place, he looked back out at the empty hall.
Having been unable to get this far in his scouting mission, Sevellon was now in unfamiliar territory, and he hoped he knew what he was doing.

* * *

Nightfall atop the black spike was perhaps the most frightening thing Durin had ever experienced. He thanked the gods Strom and Osbourne were with him, or he might have gone insane. The place was creepy during the daytime, but at night it was terrifying. Heavy cloud cover left them in near complete darkness, and he was afraid to move for fear of falling over the edge, despite knowing they had moved to the center of the structure before the darkness enveloped them.
There was nothing here but black rock and salt water. Again, he asked himself why the dragons would leave them there if not for some purpose. Strom and Osbourne had walked the edges, searching for signs of an entrance but found none. When Osbourne had lain down on his belly and slid himself over each side, Strom holding his ankles, Durin had retreated farther from the edge. The mood worsened after the search came up empty.
Knowing it could be his stimulated imagination, Durin thought he could feel the presence of others around him. Strom and Osbourne had gone silent, and he presumed they were sleeping, yet the wind whispered to him. Even more disturbing were the conflicting messages he was getting. Some communications invited him inside, yet another presence just as emphatically wanted him to leave. At times the wind felt as if it were a hand pushing on his face and body, trying to push him over the edge and to his death.
Another more comforting presence joined him then, and visions of saltbark trees standing in calm, blue waters gave him solace. He could hear waves crashing in the distance, and the song of seabirds was like the music of nature. Somewhere in this idyllic setting, sleep found Durin, and his own imagination took over. Soon he was soaring above the trees, as light as air.

Chapter 18
Beware the vanquished, for they smolder like banked coals.
--Archmaster Belegra

* * *

Though he'd prepared most of his life for protecting Catrin, Chase had thought the need passed and it was, in fact, beyond his meager abilities. Now, though, Cat was here, in the hold, and without her power. Trinda had done a masterful job of taking Dragonhold and adding people loyal to her rather than to Catrin and Chase. There were many within the hold still loyal to them, but they were no longer the majority, and there were a great many armed guards supporting Trinda. The child queen was without her power also, but she retained the herald globes. How ironic, Chase thought, the very thing Catrin had worked so hard to create as a tool for peace was now being used as a weapon against her. Allette knew better than anyone the lethal impact of his cousin's invention. Though Catrin had created the globes as precious light sources in her underground fortress, it had been Trinda who discovered the ability to flood them with energy and use them as weapons. Most of Allette's forces had fallen to the herald globes during the Jaga War.
Remaining in the outer hold had been Chase's idea, and Catrin hadn't argued. Trinda's grip was firmer deeper in the hold, and there were tactical reasons as well. An awful feeling had been growing in his gut. Things were bad but he knew they could be much worse. People loyal to Catrin gathered in the outer halls. Chase did what he could to conceal what was happening, but he knew it must be painfully obvious to those loyal to Trinda. Whatever he planned, he must keep in mind what she might be planning as well.
What helped Chase the most at the moment, though, was having someone friendly in the God's Eye. Bradley had always been among better soldiers. He'd done any number of undesirable things in the name of service to his people. Chase trusted him. Being in charge of the barges in the God's Eye might not be the most glamorous position, but from a strategic standpoint, it was perfect. Though he'd had no particular destination, Chase found himself walking toward the God's Eye. When he arrived at the nearly still waters, he stayed back. There had been reports of demon attacks along the shoreline and on the barges. Fewer reports had come in the past few days, but Chase was given to caution. His home had become a very dangerous place. It had happened to him before. Old fears and anxieties rose within him, unbidden and unwilling to be suppressed, try as he might.
With only two people aboard, a barge approached. One was tall and the other was shorter. Traffic on the God's Eye was minimal, partly due to worries over the demons, but also because there were no goods or trade coming from outside the hold. Somehow Nat Dersinger and Catrin had foreseen this. It was something that pained Chase deeply to admit. Fundamentally he'd been proven wrong. It shook the foundation of his beliefs and left him feeling far less certain of himself than he'd once been.
The torches on the approaching barge cast wavering shadows, and the vessel was nearly to shore before Chase recognized the two men aboard. Simms poled the barge to shore with a sour look on his face. It was clear he didn't want to be there and resented anyone who asked him to venture out into the dark waters. In this case Chase couldn't blame him. With every trip, he risked his life, but that was the role of a soldier. Chase sighed. Not all people could share his philosophy. He reminded himself he could not expect the same level of commitment he had to this cause from anyone else. Doing so just about guaranteed disappointment. This was one of the things Trinda had done masterfully. She'd left much as it had been and gradually changed things that were insignificant in and of themselves. But when all the subtle changes to the power structure added up, the girl had effectively divided the hold, which would make revolution far more difficult to achieve and a much bloodier proposition. Chase didn't even want to think about civil war within Dragonhold.
The other person on the barge was Sevellon the thief. Chase felt the smallest bit bad for the fellow, whose identity Trinda had revealed. It must be difficult to be a thief when everyone knows your profession. Perhaps the man would take this as an opportunity to find some other way to apply his skills. The barge touched stone, and no one spoke. Sevellon stepped off the barge, and Chase noticed he was barefoot. His feet were filthy; they almost looked like . . . Chase swallowed hard and hoped his gut was wrong.
Meeting Simms's eyes, Chase was not surprised when he turned away and pushed back off without saying a word. Sevellon smiled at Chase and tried to appear unconcerned by his presence. Chase wasn't so easily fooled. The thief had it tough now, indeed. "What happened to you?" Chase asked, pointing to the crude bandage on his foot.
"I stubbed my toe," the thief said.
"And where are you going now?" Chase asked, his years as chief of the guards asserting itself.
"I need to speak with the Herald."
Chase hadn't been expecting that, and the statement raised his anxiety levels dramatically. "What have you done?"
"I did the only thing I could do to help," Sevellon said. "I need to see the Herald. Now."
Chase escorted the thief to the viewing chamber where he knew Allette and Catrin were talking. It was a meeting they were not supposed to disturb, but something told him this would not wait, which was also the reason he'd decided to let Catrin interrogate the man rather than doing it himself.
"Life has been unkind to you," Catrin was saying to Allette when Chase entered. She cast him a glance, conveying a sharp reprimand.
He nodded, accepted it, and remained as he was. 
"What is it?" Catrin asked, her anger turning to exasperation. She knew Chase would not interrupt such a crucial meeting without a good reason.
"I need to speak with you a moment," Chase said.
"You may speak freely," Catrin said. "I have no secrets from my allies."
Allette appeared as uncomfortable with that term as Chase was, but he knew his cousin. There would be no changing her mind now. Casting a glance at Sevellon, he gestured with his head for the man to enter. No matter how he felt about thieves, he would not repeat what Trinda had done.
Sevellon entered the room and knelt before Catrin. "Lady Catrin, I bring you a gift. With this I also give my support to your cause." With those words, Sevellon handed Catrin a small bundle.
Chase was just starting to think the man had a good sense of self-preservation until he saw what it was he presented to Catrin. Her breath caught before she even opened it, and Allette could not take her eyes from the bundle. Coarse cloth fell away in folds and Koe was revealed, all glossy and slick as if he'd been thoroughly soaked in Istra's light. Now it was Chase who lost his breath. This was perhaps the most precious gift anyone could have given Catrin, but it might also hasten the onset of the very war Chase feared. He didn't know how much energy the dragon ore carving held. It would not be enough to destroy the Fifth Magic.
Allette was the first to speak. "It's so beautiful," she said. "May I touch it?"
The conflict on Catrin's face was brief, but then she said, "It contains a store of Istra's power. You may touch it, but I would ask you not to draw from it. I fear it will be precious little given what we're about to face. Sevellon has given us a powerful gift, but it comes at a great price." Sevellon looked as if he wanted to disappear. "What's done is done. The best we can do now is prepare for Trinda's response, which will likely be swift and lethal."
"There is one other thing, Lady Catrin," Sevellon said, pulling a torch from a nearby crevice. "Please come." Catrin did not appear entirely pleased, but she allowed Sevellon to lead her back into the hall. Allette followed closely, and Chase brought up the rear, on the alert for any signs of trouble. Already the hairs on his neck stood, and he knew it was coming. Dragonhold currently felt the same way the giant mountain in the shallows had felt right before it exploded. "A wise man once taught me to observe everything in my surroundings," Sevellon said after stopping at a nondescript section of hall. "That includes looking up."
The ceiling was high above them, but with the torch lofted, there was something there. It wasn't much, just a small hole in the otherwise ubiquitous stone. Sevellon handed the torch to Chase, and he held it higher. The additional light brought out previously hidden details. Chase knew what he saw: a tunnel-collapse mechanism. Sevellon had found part of the keep's ancient defenses. The only problem was they didn't have the specially designed release rods needed to safely trigger the cave-in. This shortcoming was apparent to everyone and the futility of the situation clear when rows of guards entered the hallway from the great hall. This was they had seen of such military movements within the hold. Trinda knew she'd been robbed.
Shouts from the God's Eye gave evidence of attacks from two sides, and Catrin stepped back from under the collapse mechanism. "Get back," she said in a dangerous voice. Sevellon obeyed her command, but Chase and Allette remained. "Go!" she demanded and even Chase feared her in that instant. Fire danced in her eyes.
Kenward had come up behind them, and he took Allette by the arm. To Chase's surprise, she let him lead her back to the viewing chamber. Walking sideways, Chase retreated. Worry for Catrin was foremost on his mind; his own safety and that of the rest, not far behind. The guards were nearing the cave-in mechanism, and Chase muttered under his breath, "If you're going to do something, you'd better go ahead and do it."
Catrin may or may not have heard, but it appeared she agreed. Holding up Koe, she pointed him at the release mechanism. Tinged with fire and lightning, a blackness leaped from the cat's open jaws like a bolt of night. Roaring like an angry dragon, the intentionally weakened stone shuddered and cracked upon impact. While it had appeared to be solid and permanent as the surrounding stone, the ancients had done their jobs well. Despite being triggered in far from the expected manner, the defense mechanism did what it had been designed to do. Before approaching guards' eyes, the ceiling collapsed, blocking the hall with granite chunks larger than yearling horses. Like the ancient barriers originally barring their entrance into the hold, this obstruction was considerable but could be removed in time. The sand clock had been turned, and Chase knew the last grain would eventually slip away.
Retreating from the dust and debris accompanying the cave-in, Catrin came with a grim expression. This was not at all how either of them had expected this day to go. When she shifted Koe in her hand, Chase saw chalky swirls left in the cat where Catrin's fingertips had been. That single burst of energy had already visibly drained the stone, and Chase's confidence waned. There would be no way to recharge the cat once it was drained, Chase knew, and if it could be drained so quickly, then it would soon cease to be useful. He would have to trust his cousin to be judicious in its use.
"Arm yourselves and gather 'round!" Chase shouted as they neared the halls where most of their people waited. Afterward, he looked back to Catrin. She had stopped walking, her eyes glazed and distant.
"The God's Eye is well defended," Catrin said. "Post guards but Kyrien says he'll keep any real danger from getting too close." Again she shifted Koe, and the cat's back was now cloudy.
"Now what do we do?" Chase asked no one in particular. Catrin shrugged. Both turned their eyes on Sevellon, who had the good sense to keep his eyes down.
Under the weight of their gazes, he said, "I just wanted to help."

* * *

Along the shoreline of the God's Eye, Catrin and Allette stood, unworried over demon attacks since Kyrien had briefly shown himself before disappearing in deep, dark water. The barge carrying Trinda approached slowly. Only the child queen and a single guard were aboard. Chase knew it was possible to conceal more soldiers under and around the barge since he'd trained his soldiers in the tactics, but Kyrien's presence made that less worrisome. The two overcharged herald globes Trinda carried, whose light was nearly blinding, were far more worrisome. Even as an effort of last hope, two herald globes could produce a devastating attack.
No one on shore spoke as the barge glided to a stop before them. Chase wasn't certain what he'd been expecting, but it certainly hadn't been seeing tears dripping from Trinda's chin. Never had he seen such a mournful look on her face, and his emotions churned.
"My sisters," Trinda began, her voice quavering. "I come in search of forgiveness. I have wronged us all in my ignorance, and I am sorry. I've also come because I need your help."
Her words were met with silence. Trinda possessed a knack for being unreadable and impossible to predict. Chase couldn't imagine a more terrifying thing than someone as flighty as Trinda with the powers she possessed. Perhaps from that aspect, what Trinda had done had been a good thing. If only she hadn't trapped the rest of them in Dragonhold with her. She claimed to have acted in Catrin's and Allette's best interests by protecting them from the ever-growing amounts of Istra's power flooding their world. What other escape could there be? Chase had wondered more than once. Catrin refused to talk about what had happened to her after her disappearance, and Chase was left to speculate. It was a cruel thing to do to a person, and he really didn't appreciate it, even if he knew she had her reasons. Sometimes being angry at Catrin was a never-ending effort. Add Trinda to the recipe, and Chase thought he might scream.
"What is it you've done this time, sister?" Allette asked.
Trinda bowed her head, accepting the reprimand. "I've made a terrible mistake." This admission was met with silence charged with resentment. "I learned long ago of the Fifth Magic. I was told it was a sanctuary shielded from Istra's power."
Thus far, Chase felt her argument was plausible, but he feared whatever this mistake was. To have reduced Trinda to what were to Chase convincing tears and emotion, his fears conjured terrible visions.
"You've said as much," Allette interjected.
Catrin remained silent and Chase marveled at her control. Somehow saying nothing delivered a more scathing reproach than any words could convey.
"After the Fifth Magic was triggered, I knew something was wrong. It felt as if I was being sapped of life."
"It's an unpleasant sensation, isn't it?" Allette remarked.
Catrin's gaze was unyielding and was starting to intimidate Chase as well. She projected the energy of an angry mother so strongly, everyone present was cowed, with the notable exception of Allette, who looked ready to pull Trinda's head from her neck.
"I retreated to the archives and scoured the oldest sections with my most trusted assistants. This is what I found." In her hand was little more than a roll of aged vellum. The image it bore was faded and stained but contained an unmistakable signature Chase had seen before on equally ancient documents. Most concerned abominations such as the Statues of Terhilian and dark tomes of compulsion and greed. This image was different than the others, though. It showed Dragonhold as it was now, the stone claws enclosing the keep, though the drawing looked far simpler and cleaner than the real thing. On the vellum, trees grew around the energy field, and Chase had seen the devastation around the keep, even if tinted by translucent blue flame.
What lay beneath was the last thing to draw Chase's eye. Seeing it first, Catrin drew a sharp breath, and Chase rushed to understand. There, at the bottom of the vellum, partly obscured by dark stains, were words Chase could mostly translate and understand, having studied alongside Catrin for years.
Here waits my final revenge on those who embrace Istra's abominable light.
Just below was the signature of Von of the Elsics, a madman if ever there was one. The name made Chase's blood run cold. Already thousands had died as a result of Von's weapons, and knowing he designed this keep to target those with Istra's power drove Chase to his knees. It occurred to him then that Koe might contain the only usable energy in the entire hold, save the explosive force of the herald globes. The energy Catrin had expended in collapsing the hall and communicating with Kyrien had essentially been wasted. When he considered how much work it was going to take to clear the obstructed hall, Chase wanted to slam his head against the cold stone.
"I bring these as gifts and tokens of my sincerity," Trinda said, handing Catrin and Allette each one of the herald globes. You now have the power to kill me if you so choose."
Allette appeared to be giving this option serious consideration. Chase was ready to run. He'd seen what overcharged globes did on impact, and he wanted to be well clear of the area if one was going to go off. He was no coward. A wise person knows when they are overmatched.
Again tense silence hung in the air, and no one knew what to do next. Chase feared Allette would kill Trinda out of frustration if nothing else, but all of them turned and looked as ripples of water moved toward them, growing larger by the instant. Glistening in the light of the herald globes, Kyrien raised his head and nudged Catrin. In doing so, he also nudged Allette, who laughed. It was the first sign of happiness Chase had ever seen from the girl.
Catrin, though, closed her eyes and laid her hands on Kyrien, communing with him. When she pulled her hands away, there were tears in her eyes. With a firm nod she said, "I know what must be done, and I like it not."

* * *

Chase didn't like any of what was happening. Events moved too fast, and so much was based on the word of the least reliable person he knew. If not for the communication from Kyrien, Chase would have demanded they stop. He didn't completely trust the regent dragon either, but Catrin did, and he would have to accept that. Looking forlorn, Trinda gave the strong impression of a child made to wait her turn to play with a toy. Allette refused to leave Catrin's side and occupied the other stone chair. Finally, the viewing chamber was ready for what they believed to be proper use. Brother Vaughn and Chase had trained groups on the chant, and there was melodious power in the vibrations, even just as a bystander. Watching from the corner of the room and feeling sick, Chase prayed to any god who'd listen to keep anything from going wrong. No one knew if astral travel was possible from within the hold, and none could say if Catrin would even survive. Allette was bound to the same fate since she insisted on doing as Catrin did.
There was no guarantee Koe contained enough energy for her to complete the journey, and Catrin had tried to dissuade her. If anything complicated her travels, as had happened in the past, she might not make it back at all. Allette was beyond reasoning, though, and only when it looked as if she might throw down her herald globe in frustration had Catrin relented. What had Trinda been thinking giving the Black Queen a herald globe? Then he had to admit knowing what Trinda thought about anything was among his life's greatest mysteries.
There was no sound or anything other than the distant look in Catrin's eyes to indicate she was gone, and Chase's guts twisted. Allette, on the other hand, was frantic. She, too, knew Catrin was gone, but it was clear she'd been unable to follow.
"Catrin once told me that hitting her head on the rock while staring out into the sky was how she first learned to astral travel," Chase said, unsure why he felt compelled to offer this advice. In the next instant, he wished he'd been a bit more specific.
With desperation on her face, Allette gazed out the portal and slammed her head back against the stone chair--hard. Chase wasn't certain if she'd successfully left her body or knocked herself unconscious.

Chapter 19
Few things match the power of imagination.
--Enly Mandone, bard

* * *

Twin beams of consciousness burst from the viewing chamber in tandem, almost immediately piercing the blue fire encasing Dragonhold. There was no perceivable effect. Catrin soared free, her spirit rejoicing. Behind her extended gossamer thread leading back to her physical vessel, and she suspected a smile was forming on her now distant body. Mother Gwendolin had introduced her to astral travel long ago, even if somewhat accidentally. Catrin took a moment to thank her. Brother Vaughn had been instrumental in determining what kind of stone the chairs needed to be made of and where they could be sourced. Kenward had sacrificed two ships to transport these very stone chairs, and she would make certain it counted for something.
Without her body, Catrin could not feel the sun or the wind, nor could she feel Istra's energy. Her only source was Koe, and she had to be mindful of the limited supply. She didn't know what would happen if they depleted the energy Koe held before they returned to their bodies, and she had no desire to find out. Another thing that worried her was the possibility of draining Koe to the point of destroying her precious carving, just as she had destroyed Imeteri's fish so long ago. She had no way to know how much energy she was drawing or how much remained, thus all she could do was attempt to achieve what she must as quickly as possible.
Had Allette remained in her body within Dragonhold, it would have been better, Catrin thought, but she sensed the Black Queen's presence gaining on her. Consciously Catrin slowed to allow the girl to catch up. Catrin had no inkling how much energy Allette was drawing from Koe, but the thread leading back to her body burned brightly.
We must conserve.
Communicating with Allette in the way Prios had once done for her, Catrin experienced physical pain at the thought of her beloved. That pain was foremost in her mind when the chanting within Dragonhold found a new level of synchronicity unlike anything Catrin had experienced before. Always before, the two disparate melodies had merged into one, but never before had Catrin realized her spirit was bound to one side of the melody; Allette's spirit was bound to the other. Even when Pelivor had once traveled at the same time as her, he'd been trying to save her and they had never achieved synchronicity. Now, with Allette, it was unavoidable. Even the energy beams trailing behind them were now intertwined, braided and indistinguishable from each other.
Somehow the losses they had taken bonded them and brought them closer. Allette's pain was Catrin's pain. It suffocated her. Every moment that was seared into the Black Queen's psyche permeated Catrin's and overlayed her own experiences; she remembered being present and had memories of all the senses. Smells in particular triggered intense memory and emotion.
You were so afraid. Allette's disembodied words rang in Catrin's consciousness. You are so powerful, and yet you are so afraid.
Guilt washed over Catrin at hearing the words because they were true. Never would she have believed Trinda could trap her within Dragonhold. She'd been so foolish as to think she was going to scold the child queen for summoning Kyrien. If only she'd known, she would have done things differently. Now she had left the most dangerous things unguarded. She tried not to think about that since she knew Allette must be experiencing her memories as well. Both must have had the realization simultaneously, which wasn't by circumstance. Whatever one wanted to hide was foremost in the other's mind. The very act of trying to conceal something exposed it.
And now they knew they had to kill each other. They now knew the other's most closely guarded secrets, things far too dangerous for anyone else to know. Any sane person would want to distance her thoughts from someone now committed to killing her, but their energies were now inseparable. If only Catrin had known this would happen.
Both resigned themselves to killing the other later.

* * *

This wasn't the first time Catrin had left Chase, Brother Vaughn, and others waiting during her astral travels, but this time was different. Chase watched Koe in despair as streaks and milky swirls appeared within the dragon ore carving. The cloud cat, Rastas, was curled up in Allette's lap but watched everything taking place. Chase could almost see the energy streaming over their hands and out of the carving. He knew they both could die if they ran out of energy, and he also knew they might never hear his warnings. Brother Vaughn and the others continued chanting while Chase yelled at his cousin to come back, shouting that they were draining Koe far too quickly. Catrin had been gone for days during previous astral travels, and by the looks of Koe, they had hours at most. She'd told him she experienced time differently when traveling, and he worried his warnings would go unheard and unheeded. Resting in Allette's lap, the cloud cat continued to watch.
Only the energy flow told Chase that Allette also traveled, which made him uncomfortable. Seeing and feeling things others couldn't had always been Catrin's expertise. His anxiety increased ten-fold when a voice spoke in his mind.
We're coming.
Chase looked up to see Kenward watching him. The good captain was among the few people on standby to continue the chant. He and Chase had known each other for a long time, and the man must have read his face because he also went pale.
"Get everyone out of the main hallway and into the side halls," Chase said. "Get those replacements reserved for the chant divided up and squeezed into the chant rooms."
Under almost any other circumstances, Kenward would have balked at being given orders, or at least made a sarcastic comment, but he simply did as he was told. This unnerved Chase as much as anything else, at least until the roaring and rending of stone began.
From the great hall came the sounds of an angry feral dragon, muffled by the very barrier Catrin had released. Chase didn't know how long it would take a dragon to remove the stone obstruction, but he was betting it wouldn't be long enough. Trinda might not approve of this new alliance, and both Catrin and Allette were vulnerable.
When he turned back to the hall, a huge reptilian eye watched him from the doorway. Chase nearly fainted. When the eye moved away and a giant claw reached into the room, all Chase could do was back away from the opening. Never in his life had he felt so helpless and trapped. The claw landed gently on Catrin's chest, and Chase held his breath, having no idea what would happen next. In the hallway rang the echoes of a feral dragon trying to claw its way to them.

* * *

Finding consensus with someone who wants to kill you is a difficult thing, but it was something Catrin and Allette had to achieve if they were to survive. For some time, they had simply struggled against one another, neither willing to allow the other to have control, and thus they were no closer to Catrin's goal, no closer to achieving the mission Kyrien had sent them on. Catrin still had second thoughts about putting those she cared about in such danger, including her son's closest friend, but she had no other plan. At that moment, Allette was proving just how strong willed she was. Her father had raised a determined and capable soul. The thought came partly from Allette and partly from Catrin's shared memory of her upbringing. It was among the most bizarre experiences of Catrin's life.
Mired in stalemate, the two powerful entities struggled against one another to nullifying effect. They continued to go nowhere. Catrin tried everything she could to persuade Allette, but the girl knew as much about Catrin as she did of Allette. The Black Queen knew what Catrin wanted and, at the moment, was diametrically opposed to it. If they continued as they were, they would burn each other out, and the world would be left to fend for itself. Simultaneously both committed themselves to that act. At least then neither would return to the world armed with the most dangerous knowledge possible. Catrin knew this wasn't the right answer. The people would not be able to protect themselves from what had already been set into motion. The Godfist itself could be destroyed. And what of Kyrien? His presence flooded into Catrin's consciousness. She drew strength from her closest friend and companion. He was there with her then, and the tide turned.
Allette was not cowed, but she could no longer hold them in stasis. Applying her will, Catrin's spirit merged with Kyrien's, his bright light adding to the texture and beauty of their interwoven souls. Allette's sense of wonder was palpable, and her resistance lessened. Across the waves, their spirits soared, and Kyrien helped Catrin find their way. Disoriented, only her dragon's ability to know his location no matter the circumstances kept them on the correct trajectory.
The Black Spike finally came into view. Engulfed in darkness, it was as if the storm clouds had gathered there to torture the ancient stone structure jutting from the deepest and most solitary waters on Godsland. The Black Spike should not exist, yet it did. Catrin had lived in this strange place, and she still had no idea how it had been constructed, although she had serious suspicions about exactly who had built this improbable structure.
No one could enter this mighty fortress in the way Catrin and Kyrien did since it required such a tremendous amount of power, along with the knowledge of where the entrance was. It didn't help Catrin's anxiety when she heard Allette's thoughts. Now there were two people powerful enough to enter the Black Spike.
Catrin also knew there was no hiding what she was about to do, and Allette would know even more secrets surrounding this most mysterious and dangerous place. Having slept within, Catrin knew dark powers waited in the depths, even if she didn't know the exact form they took. Still, she directed their energies to the top of the mighty fortress and did the very thing her spirit urged her not to do.

* * *

Sleep had come in fits, dreams melding with reality to create a waking nightmare. Darkness enshrouded the Black Spike, as if it were a magnet for storm clouds. It was unclear if the structure created the storms or attracted them, but it was unnatural and made Durin's skin crawl. Strom and Osbourne did their best to remain positive and optimistic but he despaired. Here there was only darkness, and his spirit could no longer find the light. The blackness crept into him, seeping into his bones from the cold obsidian stone. It was as if the keep itself were drawing the life from him.
In many ways, it didn't matter. A quick death would be preferable to a slow one, and Durin once again considered throwing himself from the heights and ending it all. Something deep within him, though, knew these thoughts were not his own. It was as if the keep were defending itself by fostering these ideas. There wasn't much need to defend against them since they were stuck on top this boiling rock pile with no way to go anywhere else. Durin wasn't certain what he'd done to offend the gods, but it was clear he'd done so. To add insult, the wind cast sand into his eyes.
Holding up his arm, he was buffeted by powerful winds, which threatened to send him toppling over the edge even if he didn't go willingly. Burying his head in his arms, he hoped to wait out the winds, but they were insistent and pushed on him with relentless fury, somehow finding a way to blow sand into his shielded eyes. There was no shelter atop this abomination and he stood. Moving with the wind afforded him at least a small amount of relief. To his surprise, the buffeting air grew more gentle as he went, as if caressing rather than assaulting him. Not wanting to go any closer to the edge, he slowed and stopped. The gusts grew fierce, propelling him forward. Part of him feared the wind was trying to get him into a better position from which to hurl him to his death, but there was something else there, something familiar, and Durin allowed himself to be pushed.
Once again, as he moved in the direction the wind blew, it lessened but did not go away. When he was only a few paces from the structure's edge, Durin began to resist. The air grew still. The darkness drew closer as the storm clouds brooded above. Subtle at first but growing stronger and brighter, a faint orange glow outlined rocks not far from the edge.
Strom and Osbourne must have been watching, and they saw it as well, both coming to stand by his side. No one spoke; there was no need. As a team, they cleared away the rocks from atop the glow, finding a chamber within. Sitting within an alcove carved into a stone taller than a man, sat a wonder. An amber statuette in the shape of a woman emitted a ruddy glow. With a sudden wind gust, the glow brightened.
In the chamber floor was an ancient hatchway made of wood and metal, which somehow retained its luster after withstanding the elements. Strom spent a few moments examining the metal before shaking his head. Applying his muscles, the smith opened the hatch.
Durin, Strom, and Osbourne descended into darkness.

Be sure to check out the rest of the Godsland books!

