










The shadowy storms grow in the west,
The ice spires and peaks scream with unrest;
A darkness is flooding and cursing the earth,
A shadow is spitting venom in the fiery hearth;
The  mists of the morning have darkened to crimson,
The blood of the slain, on the rock glistens;
As death crawls closer and life becomes dear,
All is in obscurity for even the light is feared;
Night is shrouded with the gentle whispers of doom,
All await the curse which looms;
A dark mark on the core of the earth has been laid,
The life and the songs have begun to fade;
The shadow slowly stirs and the storms grow in the west,
The morning lays forgotten and screams with unrest…




CONTENTS




Prologue     Shadow Dancer
Chapter 1     Hounds of Darkness
Chapter 2    Gathering of the Storm
Chapter 3    Sacred Glove
Chapter 4    The Demon King
Chapter 5    Torn by the Blade
Chapter 6    Rebirth
Chapter 7    The Earth Stone
Chapter 8    Revelations
Chapter 9    Tides of War
Chapter 10  A Soulless Warrior

Appendix:
Translation of Elentian test in story




~ Prologue ~



A
pine-scented, chilly breeze blew harshly across the dense forest and dew settled on the verdant grass heavily as if burdened by evil. Mournful sounds and cries of anguish shattered the remaining morsels of tranquility and the atmosphere was engulfed with terror and awe unlike before. Creatures and fiends alike had taken refuge in the north, towards the Mountains of Ragnar as their existence was threatened by the darkness which had purged the lands, tainting them with a horrific curse. The mountains gave them a shelter, a barrier to protect them from danger at least for a while as it was an area of peace; an ephemeral peace.
Beneath the pitch black skies in the jungle and in the shadow of a small, dark crevice there moved a figure. Only a keen sight could spot the pale outline of the body in the shimmer of moonlight as the skin was intertwined with the shadows of the night to become one.  
	The figure appeared to be prancing about merrily in the shadowy enclosure as it clutched an object, a fiery red object in its fist that shone fiercely like fire. The creature’s gleeful, raspy laughs reflected a wicked delight as it ran delicate fingers on the surface of the ruby. In the soft beams of moonlight which broke through the canopy of trees, its features were barely visible except for the incandescent copper red of the long hair and the glint of steel in the eyes glowing with ardor. The nimble creature hunkered down, camouflaging in the dark shadows and placed the flaming rock on a smooth, moonlit boulder. It then cackled and its eyes inflamed to brilliant cobalt as the figure fell to its knees and laughed to the sky; a laugh hardened with venom, tarnished with malice.
	Nearby, a kestrel with vibrant shades of indigo and scarlet had settled on the overhanging branch and was watching this figure with interest until it saw the rock. It was the firestone it perceived, the stone that had been stolen from the cave of Solhaven. Gazing awhile at the glimmering ruby with misty eyes and an expression of bewilderment, the kestrel spread its magnificent wings and soared hastily, melting into the starless inky sky to inform those who held the power. It was no ordinary kestrel as it bore the mark of the Elders of Klamath who saw the shapes and patterns which time wove and watched over the earth and the Magic Plains, watching and waiting for the prophecies to be fulfilled; the prophecies which could mark the end of all existence and cause the breaking of the world. Through the whispers of the sands of time these Elders had always watched, they could not interfere with the earth and its tremors. They belonged to a neutral alignment but now they were aware of the balance tipping which would mean their end for which they were ready. In whose favor would the balance fall they would not know until the web of time was completed, the web of destiny of these lands. The weaving of destiny had begun, each thread intertwining with one another for in this age all were given importance. 
	The creature noticed the kestrel and had stepped out revealing itself. It was a young one or perhaps it had been a young child who had been turned into a spiteful beast through the rages of time. With blazing cobalt eyes, it cursed angrily and grabbing the stone sped away into the asylum of the thick woods…the woods which had long ago been besmirched by evil…the woods known as the Sevin Jungle, a forest which had fallen in the sway of the darkness.






~ Chapter One ~


The night was enveloped by intense, dark masses of clouds which swirled around encircling the empurpled sky and casting a shadow on the clefts and ridges. Torrential rainfall pelted on the soft ground washing away the soil while violent flashes of lightning demolished the strong structures of the trees, which came crashing down resoundingly upon the coarse earth. 
The Earth had been plunged in an unprecedented anarchy ever since the firestone had been stolen and now nothing roamed the forests except the creatures of the night. It was a perilous time as all hope had been lost and the brushstroke of blackness had embedded itself into the sky. Even the stars had lost their gleam and they were masked by the feared Dark, the Dark Shadow which had consumed the very cores of the Earth and had shattered all the beacons of hope except for a few that had yet to reveal their light and guide those who had fallen astray. Yet that time was far away and the coming of times revealed that evil would soon be indomitable and perhaps even indestructible. 
The singing of nighthawks and the soft whispers of the grass become quiet and all that could be heard was a silence with the occasional rustling of the heavy wind on the ground. The edges of the horizon had faded into oblivion and an accursed shadow had withered the lands. The Magic Plains were being corrupted while fear singed the flesh of the creatures, a fear that was not nameless but could not be named. All was obscured by black and the lands were cursed, villages and people falling victim to the new scourge which had arisen while others betrayed their codes of honor to take place with the Dark Shadow and have the blood of traitors flow through their dry veins.  
	Under the shelter of a huge rock sat a brooding black panther, his polished golden eyes riveted to the enraged sky. As he stared, he fell back into the memories of the past, the beautiful yet sorrowful past that had all been lost as the world changed remaining only as a fond remembrance in some hearts…

       Houndsville, July 1800 A.D.

	It was a gloomy night. Darkness had descended and the light had withdrawn to its slumber. Silently, the creatures of the night stirred at the mournful cry of the coyotes.
	Kashya snuggled besides Axhelius, finding comfort in his soft, warm fur. Axhelius looked at her and gently nudged her with his nose which produced a soft smile on Kashya's somber face. 
"Axhelius?" she asked, as she stroked him behind his pointed ears.
"Yes Kashya" muttered Axhelius, with a yawn.
Taking a sharp, deep breath Kashya said, "This world will be destroyed if the firestone is taken into the wrong hands."
"Yes Kashya, you're right" answered Axhelius with uncertainty for Kashya knew this very well.
"Hmm…if I died and another Annoxonum came would that be fair?"
Axhelius gazed into her large eyes to find out where this conversation was leading but he found only emptiness. With a low growl he replied reluctantly. "Kashya, after every Annox-onum dies another succeeds. It is the way things are but if it makes you feel any better, it is not really fair."
Flipping her dark hair over her shoulders and after fiddling with her hands, she finally spoke. "Oh. Then it isn't fair that I am living on while my predecessor suffered so much losing their families, beloved and-" she choked and suddenly became quiet.
Then the chord struck through Axhelius and he realized how dense he had been. Kashya had lost everything. Her parents became victims to hungry wolves, her best friend was murdered by a witch and now Kashya feared that her life would be taken away. He gazed at her, lost for words, as tears trickled down her face which felt like daggers piercing his heart.
"Kashya…" said Axhelius in a soothing voice not able to comfort her though he wanted to.
“Will you abandon me Axhelius?”
“Kashya, never will I desert you. I swear it.”
Kashya nodded and huddled up, closing her eyes wearily. Axhelius sighed with a low grunt and flopped down besides her thinking no more as his exhaustion carried him off to sleep.

	The fierce storm had finally abated when Axhelius awoke from his restless slumber and the clouds slowly withdrew overhead, revealing the luminescent moon; twinkling and attempting to penetrate this haven for evil, an evil which had no parallel. An evil which not even the sorceress Aria could have created; it was deadly.
	Axhelius glanced at the glittering pale orb against the sinister sky that waxed into a sphere and then hesitating slightly, he bounded off into the darkness.

***

"Axhelius!" screeched Sorceress Aria, "where have you been you feeble minded creature?"
Keeping his temper in control, the panther answered through a tightly gritted jaw, "Patrolling." He did not purposefully add a title of respect to this woman for he felt no respect for her. He had remained in her service for long but one thing that always pinched him was that she never really trusted him. For this witch I turned evil. He shook that thought away knowing it was false, a statement he used to cover his guilt. Axhelius had been overcome with greed when the sorceress promised him powers he could never have dreamed of. For her I betrayed my duties, for her I betrayed Kashya. I have lost her love and will never be loved again, not by the sorceress. Not ever. His eyes shadowed and he gazed at the floor.
"Patrolling!" screamed Aria in response clearly uptight at the moment, "for over three hours. Wow, how exciting! Did you manage to find something besides a few rabbits?"
Taking a sharp breath of annoyance, anger and humiliation, Axhelius remained silent without giving any reply but Aria continued to wail like a banshee about unintelligible things including at least fifteen curses for Axhelius and the Annoxonum. She raved of the rising of the Shadow as well and that they were now in an unstable position. None understood what she meant and all wore similar expressions of surprise. This crazy fit of hers was brought to an end when Jalia, her sprite servant approached, giving all eardrums a moment of peace. The sprite bowed her light head and lowered her eyes.
"Mistress" whispered Jalia in reverence, "I have found news about Fiona. After escaping she sought refuge in the Sacred Glove."
"Really? You are so skilled Jalia." Aria’s tone dripped with sarcasm and her sapphire eyes glittered with impatience. “Well then you should lead your unit to search her out from Sacred Glove. I believe you will be capable enough to locate that giant of a bird. It requires your keen sight.” 
"That's impossible. You know the Sacred Glove. Any creature who seeks asylum there is under the personal protection of the noble phoenix King" argued Jalia not at all miffed by the sardonic comments of her mistress, "Arean, the phoenix Queen, is also the mother of Fiona."
Aria stared at Jalia, her blue eyes blazing angrily and she tossed her chestnut hair behind her before walking to the edge of the encampment, standing silently near the forest.
"Aria, are you alright?" asked Axhelius tentatively not sure if she would continue her tirade or do some other unexpected act.
Aria relapsed into a long silence causing an unexpected surge of fear in the hearts of all present for Aria had never been silent, she raged and roared but silence never came upon her, not usually. All her concentration was absorbed into the darkness of the jungle, her eyes penetrating the shadows.
"Your majesty?" questioned Jalia, her hands nervously fingering the wilting roses on the hem of her short dress.
Then at that instant an orb tinted silver appeared in the centre, hovering above the air, vibrating as though furious. All retreated from this glass sphere hanging in mid air as they did not possess knowledge of what Aria was performing.
Aria turned to gaze at the sphere and spoke in an eerie voice which echoed in the hushed encampment, a dark magic that one could not contemplate but only understand the depth of its power. All of a sudden the sphere shed immense scarlet light and as the blinding flashes faded, a beautiful phoenix could be seen and all, but Aria, were stunned for seeing a phoenix was a rare opportunity for these creatures had great respect in the eye of a beholder. 
	“There is your target, that is where you are to go my hounds,” said Aria in hushed tones as the towers of Sacred Glove appeared in the misty glassed orb and behind her stood a pack of wolves. These were not the normal creatures that were found commonly in the Magic Plains but they were the beasts who ran with the shadows and were engulfed in the darkness till they lost all morality. Their charcoal coat was long and shaggy; their ears longer and sharper than normal wolves and the teeth were like long daggers embedded in the gums of these aberrations. The leader of the pack snarled, the dark eyes focused on the orb as it watched the views change to show the river running alongside the fortress exterior. 
	Aria smashed the orb with a flick of her hand and it obliterated into a thousand pieces that faded into the night. She turned to the wolf leader, her hand on its head as she whispered something inaudible even to Axhelius’s ears who was disgruntled by the presence of these monstrosities. 
	The wolf leader growled and bowing his charcoal head, he slinked back into the trees and in his wake several others followed and after a few seconds they had fused with the darkness and one could never prove that there were wolves here a while ago.
"Umm…Your majesty, why have you send these wolves?" questioned Jalia in bewilderment, her voice timid with fear as fairies despised wolves.
"Isn't it clear, my simple minded slave? They are going to rid us of those miserable phoenixes and I shall yet acquire another sacred territory of the enemy. I shall rule over Sacred Glove!" answered Aria in a supernatural tone of voice as she came back to the center of the clearing.
Jalia gasped and then mustering all her strength, she spoke in a firm tone. "The Phoenixes are powerful creatures and they can destroy that puny battalion of wolves in one flash. Arean cannot be defeated easily as she is embodied with limitless powers and Fiona has gained them as well. These are no ordinary phoenixes as along with an enormous size, they belong to the Glove tribe reputed for their powers which are beyond your imagination. Arean can command all the powerful creatures to her side and this minute pack of wolves will not lay even a scratch as the phoenix fire is deadly and burns to ashes. 
You cannot stand a chance as their strength is greater than yours! If you will strike war with them then I shall defy your orders and leave this battalion! We do not want to be killed on foolish campaigns!" Jalia sighed deeply and gulped the air after she finished her passionate speech, astonishing the rest at how such a tiny creature had the capacity to talk with such fury before her mistress and the fairy now braced herself for Aria's vicious attack. 
But nothing happened.
Silence blanketed the thick woods as Aria remained in a trance, her face glowering with heat and her eyes shining oddly as she regarded the sprite before her.
"Never in my entire life has anyone spoken to me so. Do you think I do not know of this, I’m just a retard to send a pack of wolves to their death like I have nothing better to do…" she said steadily, "such disrespect you have risked Jalia without knowing the consequences. I have little strength according to you but you shall witness only a fraction of the power that is really vested in me."
Jalia now trembled. "Forgive me, I meant no such insolence. I was just concerned about you. Please spare me Mistress, I beg of you…" 
Aria stepped forward and hugged Jalia, locking her in a tight embrace as if she was going to crush the fairy. The colour drained from the face of Jalia and her veins bulged from her gaunt face almost on the brink of ripping apart.  "You were a loyal servant. Goodbye." She whispered icily in Jalia's ears. Stepping back, she let the sprite's fragile body float on the ground.
	Everyone stared at the sprite's lifeless twisted body; her face robbed of its bliss and her stillness with not a breath sounding. Aria's sapphire eyes glittered with malice as she gazed at her former slave's crushed form. "Whosoever dares to attempt such disobedience shall meet the same fate. Why I have called upon these beasts of the night will not be asked if you value your life. I shall tolerate nothing against myself and tonight we will all journey to my fortress, Nebula!" exclaimed Aria in a booming voice tinted with evil, "Who does not agree?"
All heads bowed gently and Aria smiled, a cruel smile, a triumphant smile. "Mistress, should we remove the body?" asked a fairy named Annor, her voice tinged with apprehension.
"Leave it and Annor, before I forget, I hope you will be more respectful than your predecessor."
"I don't understand Mistress. Who's my predecessor?"
"I’m stuck with dim-bulbs for slaves…Obviously Annor I mean that you are the new leader of the fairies and now my trusted servant." At hearing this, Annor bowed down smiling. Her blonde hair fell to her face and her silver eyes wore a taunting smile as she gazed at the dead Jalia. The slaughtered servant, the servant who had risked defying her Mistress and Annor would not meet this fate.
"Let us leave" whispered the sorceress and in her wake all followed in silence, in obedience. Before following the crowd, Axhelius cast one long look at Jalia's face which had horror imprinted on it and then with a sigh, he walked away. His anger for the sorceress had melted into shock for the way she was practicing magic was appalling. He couldn’t understand what she wanted. Does she want to challenge the Shadow? The panther shook his head at that thought for the Shadow could not be challenged; it could not even be faced. It was true that she called the aid of one of the most terrifying race in the Plains but the Shadow had greater multitudes of these hounds in his lands along with other monstrosities. 
Removing the thought from his head he wondered what Nebula had become for it had been long since he had seen it. In his mind was a small rhyme which he detested but it kept pounding his nerves for it was the dark rhyme of Nebula, the last of the evil monuments on this earth which could not be destroyed even by the Guardians.

In the whispers of the Night
Where dark forces strive,
Nebula will stand tall,
All will witness its glory which never falls,
A haven it is to the bloodthirsty,
A Valley for the lusty,
Here there resides the vilest of evils,
For it is the Fortress of Nebula!
All Hail the Fortress of Nebula!







 




~ Chapter Two ~



The Annoxonum fell heavily into a heap of dry grass. She stared around wildly, hair wet with sweat, craning her neck to see if the carrions were following her. She gave a sigh of relief and jumped down the stack of the crisp blades of grass. Her boots were cracking in the soles and her dress was tattered. The Annoxonum shifted to one side and again peered behind her. She had lost them for now.  
As she strolled forward, her eyes accustomed to the light from the street lamps. Suddenly she became self-conscious of her clothes especially as the women were giving her wide eyed stares. Rubbing a hand on her dirty temple, she broke into a quick trot and entered an inn; it was an inn isolated in the dark corner of the streets with a tattered sign that was decorated with small dragons and it read, The Blue Dragon. 
As she rushed inside, a plump woman dressed in blue took one look at her shabby appearance and her muddy tracks into the tiled chamber and shooed her in a bath room ignoring the exclamations from the girl. She threw her in a tub of copper and poured steaming water over her head. Despite the Annoxonum’s protests, she kept pouring in the water until the tub overflowed. Then two hands came on the girls head and a thick foamy liquid was being massaged into her hair until it became lather. The woman then washed her hair with another pitcher of water. The Annoxonum recognized the liquid. It was the Frimose’ Rosa, a sort of flower which came from the outskirts of the town. The scent of the liquid was due to the flower, it smelt like jasmine. 
The woman smiled and pulled the Annoxonum out of the bath tub, wrapping her with a pink towel. She dragged her to a small dank room and there she dressed the girl with a red silk material which fell to her ankles and the lady combed her thick hair hard, placing them up in a red ribbon. The Annoxonum said nothing and waited till the woman would answer her questions. Once finished, the Annoxonum whirled and faced the old woman with a steely gaze. She wore an expectant smile.
“My Lady, we have been awaiting you. The Lord would like to visit you. He is resting here.” The woman spoke quickly. Her eyes were frightened and she had lost her impudent air.
“What Lord? Take me to this Lord.” The Annoxonum looked sharply at the old woman and followed her out of the bath room. As she entered the hall her eyes darted around the place. Several inn keepers walked around holding platters of dinner to guests listening to the beautiful music being played by the musician who held a harp. As she sniffed the aromatic air where the scent of perfumes mingled with tempting odours of the roasted meat being served, the Annoxonum realized that she hadn’t eaten for two days besides stale bread and the cheapest water she could find, mostly the one which people used for bathing. The bloody carrions had been after her. 
She was led up the stair case and met many curious looks, hard gazes and tight frowns as the town folk hated strangers especially in these troubled times. The staircase ended in a dark corridor with several rooms lined on either side on the walls. The plump woman now hesitated but the Annoxonum urged her forward. She needed to meet this man for he could have the information she required. The woman led her to a small room and told her wait there. The woman herself scurried out of the room after setting the candle stand on the table. The Annoxonum sat on the neat bed and her eyes drank the whole room. There were several cases in the corner and a single cloak was spread on the chair, it was a cloak fit for any Lord. There was gold embroidery along the hem and silver at the top, shaped as intricate leaves and drops. Besides these two things nothing else was of interest to her. Several minutes passed and the Annoxonum was becoming angry. Lately she was very hot tempered and this Lord was testing her patience. The door creaked open and a man stepped in.
The Annoxonum stood up angrily. “It’s about tim-” She stopped. Her chest tightened. Her face became pale.
In front of her stood a man, a man whose expression was colder than the winter’s frost. He looked at her and he smiled. It was a taunting smile, a smile she despised. He stared at her scarlet garment and grinned with amusement as it was a rare sight seeing an Annoxonum in a dress. His eyes then flamed with a fire and he unsheathed a sword. His dark hair fell onto his face and his eyes shone red. He smiled again but this time it was a cruel smile. The Annoxonum’s eyes clouded with fear as she saw the man who stood before her, he was no man. He was a killer born to slay and a Shadow server, one of the worst kinds. She unfastened the cord around her waist and removed the spiky dagger from the belt. 
He faltered but then regained his cool composure. In his other hand he twirled a silver chain, a chain with a star at the end. It was a chain which was once the possession of the woman in front of him. He saw the anger in her eyes as she lifted a hand and felt for the necklace around her neck. It wasn’t there and he watched as she realized that he had stolen it. Then he spoke. 
“The Shadow waits Annoxonum. It waits. It will kill all your beloved. It has a message. Come and meet it on the wavering slopes of… just meet it and you know where. It will listen. Meet it Annoxonum it has said or it will kill. It is hungry. It is very hungry. But it is patient. It will wait and then it will curse your kind. Remember. It will curse you; it will always curse if you ignore it. Remember.”
The man lunged forwards with a sword and a scream echoed. Blood dripped and there came a cry of surrender, a shattering cry. “Please forgive me! I am yours for eternity! Take me, spare me!” 
Then blade met bone and blood splattered the walls. The screams died down and all waited. All waited now on the teetering slopes of death. The end had come.

Thunder clashed on the glass panes, shaking them violently and dark shadows of the swaying trees reflected on the white-washed stone walls of the inner room. 
A deafening stroke of lightning startled Xia and she woke up with beads of cold sweat trickling down her face. The dream was still fresh in her mind. She cried gently as she remembered the face she had seen. It had seemed so real, as if she was really in the dream. She winced as her hands were charred although she hadn’t burned them. Her head hurt hard and she noticed the angry gashes on her shoulders. It was the same nightmare like the one she had before of the panther but this time her image was clearer, even the sword’s scars were on her skin. Her lips quivered as she thought of the cry but she didn’t know who had surrendered, was it her or the man? Her heart beat violently and she tried to forget the message she had heard. How did she know what the Shadow was or where she could meet it, she had never even heard of it nor had she heard of any wavering slopes. Xia shook her head violently and threw the nightmare into the depths of her mind. Struggling to stand up and pushing aside the remaining remnants of drowsiness, she opened the window and felt the bone-chilling breeze sting her face. Her face was tainted with sorrow and her dark eyes were swollen and mournful as she gazed at the anarchy that prevailed.
It had been like this ever since the firestone was stolen and according to Xia, it was all her fault. Shaking her head, she shut the window angrily and flopped on her bed. 
But sleep would not come. 
	Besides her Julian was sleeping peacefully, her auburn hair spread like a fan on the pillow. Xia envied her. She was a lucky girl, no dreams, no worries, just a beautiful life. Immediately Xia hated herself for such thoughts. She knew that Julian's life was difficult. Though her best friend hid it from everyone, she could not conceal her sorrow from Xia. Sorrow caused due to some deep dark secret that resided in this Magicka's heart. But as she continued to study Julian, she realized that the Magicka had lied to her. No one could discover that they are able to practice magic in a few months. Xia inhaled sharply, she felt like slapping herself. She had grown paranoid after the event in Solhaven’s cave that she sometimes thought that even her mother was plotting against her. She didn’t know what had happened. She had grown touchy at the smallest things especially if anyone spoke of her failure. That she hated.
	Xia lay on her bed, watching as the curtain of rain lifted giving way to the sun, whose rays peeped from the horizon. Sighing, she grudgingly threw off the covers to get dressed hoping that another day would peel by quickly. 
It was the only prayer she had left to make but she was not alone. Two sparkling aqua eyes encompassed by a ginger fan, were filled with the same wish as they peered at Xia advancing towards the washroom with heaviness. 
These two eyes held the compassion of a true friend and the pity of a beloved one. Then the eyes fluttered and closed gently to sink into a dream world where good always dominated evil and wisdom was superior to authority.

In the other portion of the re-furnished cave, others were getting ready for their morning meal.
"Xia, Julian! Breakfast!" yelled Adam as he seated himself on the round table decorated with candles and fresh roses. Adam Creve, the father of Julian had never expected to ever have known that his daughter would become involved in such a complicated adventure. He then looked over at Ching, Asra Jones father, who sat rubbing his big hands as he eyed the food. Ching rarely came out except to eat; otherwise he had been holed up in his study pouring over books ever since the disaster in the dragon’s lair. 
"Mmm…fried eggs, toast and freshly squeezed orange juice" murmured Ching as his mustache twitched, "who made all this?"
"I did" replied Asra, her hands carrying a platter of soft blueberry muffins as she emerged from an adjacent room which resembled a kitchen. Adam smiled at her gently. She bore so much with so much strength and he admired her for it. She always remained steadfast. Placing the plate on the table, Asra removed her oven mitts and set them aside. Then untying her apron, she threw it on a chair and flopped to rest. Her dark eyes shone and her black hair fell to her flushed face. She passed a quick smile to the two men and then started filling her plate. 
 “Yummy!" declared Ching, heaping up several eggs into his plate, "a long time since I ate this…Kasumi used to make these kinds of delicacies…she spoiled me, she did. In my latter days I survived on leaves and rats. It was a horrid life!"
	Rolling their eyes and smiling, Asra and Adam began to eat heartily, gobbling all the delicious food along with Ching, whose appreciation swelled Asra with pride for giving her a compliment that her cooking was similar to her mother’s Kasumi Fang, was the greatest approval for her mother was an excellent chef.  Asra studied her mother’s picture in the frame, staring at her dark hair and wide mouth. Her mother had died when she was seven but what always surprised Asra was that Ching was more than a century old and had married Kasumi when he was of sixty. Her father never told her of his life before marriage and she never asked. It was an unspoken agreement they had reached long back. She then turned to her plated and began eating the muffin. The agreeable silence was finally broken by Asra, who cleared her throat. "I am worried about Xia. She's not herself lately."
"The child's growing up. She's going to turn sixteen" answered Ching matter-of-factly. He never spoke more than what was necessary except if the two girls insisted and he had grown more taciturn ever since the firestone was stolen.
"But Ching, Asra is right. Xia's become despondent and grave. This experience wasn't a good one for her. She hardly speaks anymore. It’s as if her liveliness had been killed." protested Adam, referring to the loss of the firestone.
"It was meant to happen. No one can change the destiny of things or mould the future to their benefit. She had learned that this life she embraced with such enthusiasm is not as exciting as it seemed. It is a heavy duty that tires even the most able. You should know this by now Asra," replied the elder, his white brows twitching with a slight irritation which he restrained. He had avoided discussing this topic and he ignored the hurt look his daughter gave him. 
	Asra, taking a deep breath of exasperation, said "Father, you must call the Guardian. Tell her to console Xia."
"Why bother her? She has enough worries to deal with. We can’t ask a Guardian to console a sixteen year old for absolutely no reason. Xia has to accept the truth. It was not her fault that the firestone was lost but she will eventually be responsible because she is the Annoxonum," said Ching coldly, sipping his juice. 
"What? How can you!" screeched Asra angrily and Adam told her to quite down for arguing with Ching was like running into the open hands of discord. Asra stared daggers at her father, her hands clasping and unclasping. “She can help,” said Asra in a calmer tone her eyes still flashing
Gazing at his daughter with thoughtful eyes and a final glare, he declared, "Xia will pave her own way. It is the only way she can learn." With that Ching left the dining table to remain locked in his study, his food barely touched with almost an entire muffin left and his glass half-full with juice. Ching rarely showed his anger but he was adamant with anything concerning Xia. 
Asra was infuriated and was about to start a commotion until Adam soothed her. "Calm down. He's right."
"I know" answered Asra, her black eyes glistening with tears, "It's just that Xia has been so sad. Do you think a mother can bear to see her child in pain? I know he's right but that’s what's so unbearable. He's always right!"

What they didn't know was that above the stairs, crouched gently was Xia. She had heard every word and felt neither anguish nor anger. Her mind was at a standstill and her face was hot, burning with the fire of humiliation that her family considered her pathetic, like a little bewildered puppy that apparently had neither sense nor determination. This admittance from her own mother struck the Annoxonum like a rigid slap, harder and crueler than the one she found in the dragon's cave where she had made an appalling discovery.
 	How could they, she thought bitterly, all I have been doing his locking my grief away. But what have I gotten for my patience? Nothing! Let me pave my own way! 
Xia was ashamed that she was the cause of worry and distress. She had already proven to be a slapdash fool for the world and now she was one in front of her own. Her stomach churned with hunger but Xia ignored it and raced back to her bedroom to wait till the coast was clear. She had to act like she knew nothing of the conversation. 

***
At the High Council, a storm brews in the silent chambers…

	"The firestone is gone!" cried Alfa in rage, "what did you expect Arak? It will obviously result in chaos. One of the elements is within the hands of our enemy." His voice resounded in the entire chamber, shaking the pillars.
Arak stood in his long indigo cape which silently flowed on the marble floor. His face was etched with anxiety and his wise eyes behind the frames were filled with terror. "Sire, Melodia is on her way."
Alfa roared in frustration and clenched his fists to control his temper. Arak winced. "Ching is controlling the…"
"No! He's not!" replied Alfa, pounding his desk, "can't you see it Arak. The world has changed. It's in the whole atmosphere. Every shard which held the earth’s peace has been broken. Shattered is more like it." He walked to the window and gazed out through the huge glass, seeing only chaos and destruction sweeping through the vast lands. "You know the consequences of losing the firestone."
"Yes sire…" whispered Arak grimacing as he recalled this horror which occurred so long ago, so very long ago and only had records in the ancient parchments. Luckily, before the tide of Alfa's fury broke loose, Melodia sped in. Her silver locks of hair were streaming with rain water and her cape was drenched completely. She paid no heed to this for on her face was etched urgency. "Chief, Raven brought news!" she hastily exclaimed handing a thick envelope to Alfa. Unrolling the piece of parchment, Alfa peered at the message through his horn-rimmed glasses and read it out aloud recognizing the print hand writing of Ching:

Dear Alfa,

With due respect Sir; I am seeking your forgiveness for I am partly to blame for the stone’s loss. I am also analyzing this unfortunate situation and will bring up my results soon. Please contact the elders of Sacred Glove to hold a meeting amongst them to decide the appropriate actions for all the individuals. Only with a combined effort can we solve this crisis…
I will keep the High Council updated.

Yours sincerely,
Ching

Out of this letter another roll of battered parchment fell out. Seizing it, Alfa again read it out to his company who were appalled by this scribbled note.

THE FIRESTONE WILL NEVER BE YOURS!

"Raven sent this one as well?" asked Alfa keeping his voice steady as he crumpled up the piece of paper.
"No" replied Melodia curtly, "it was shoved in the significant mail. Now I can see why…"
Alfa read and re-read this threat before asking Melodia to root out its sender while Arak was given the task of writing a letter to the Sacred Glove as well as one to Ching. The two set out at once to accomplish their tasks leaving Alfa to brood over the predicament in silence.
His somber eyes showed nothing but spoke much as he surveyed the riotous weather which had broken upon the valleys beyond. He knew that it was the age of the darkness, an age long foreseen by the Elders, an age in which ancient prophecies would be fulfilled. Many would unite under the banner of truth to escape the wrath of the Shadow, but few would be loyal to the cause. The Shadow stirred as storm upon storm came over the skies and absorbed the energies of the chaos. Its minions were awakening from their slumber, dark clouds of crows assembled in the flashing skies and the ground trembled. 
The storms were coming.
























~ Chapter Three ~


Sunlight streamed through the masses of clouds which enveloped the frosty summits of the magnificent mountains that bordered the exquisite valley. Emerald leaves sprouted out from under the umbrellas of the canopies and bushes were sprinkled with exotic flowers, whose radiance was unique. Water from the fountains gushed gently while rivulets streamed rapidly across the rolling lush hills. This was a valley unique in its splendor, magnificence and purity.
It was the Sacred Glove, a haven and refuge for all the remarkable creatures aligned with good.
	In the heart of this valley was a fortress, built out of an elaborate meshwork of leaves and branches of wood which were dripping with dazzling petals. Pale blue orbs glittered around the edges, emitting beams of silver light. In the centre were three magnificent creatures, all standing tall with pride. They were the noble phoenixes. The King Phoenix of this vast realm stood alongside Arean, the Queen and his daughter, Fiona. Their feathers were fiery red sprinkled with golden dust while their eyes were a burgundy tinged with gold, which scanned the arena vigilantly. 
	In the enclosure others were also present, all waiting to commence the meeting. There were the horses of Arkansage, their silver tails swishing to and fro and their glistening, pure- white wings radiating shine. The leaders were Adriana, a beautiful, intelligent mare and Gorman, a stallion with great courage and wisdom. The silver eyes of these horses sparkled with magic that ran in their blood and for that reason they were rightly hailed as the most powerful of the horses for their abilities were unparalleled by even the best.
This conference included the leaders of the nymphs who were non-aligned with evil of their kind, the tigers, eagles and the elegant leaders of the Elentians from the city of Tyrendale, a neighbor of Sacred Glove and an ally. 
"Silence," called the phoenix King, "we have gathered you all here to discuss the crucial matter concerning the Magic Plains." His eyes stormed angrily as he hated the violence that had erupted and shadowed the lands.
"We also seek the advice and council from you wise creatures" added Arean, feeling the same as her husband. “Too long have we remained dormant, occupied in our own lives with no interest in the fate of the Magic Plains but now we have to act quickly or else it may be too late to avert the oncoming danger.”
"Time has passed rapidly. No longer does solitude remain. The firestone is stolen and we need to search for the one who committed such a resentful crime," said Adrianna. She glanced at Gorman and the rest of the Arkansage. All nodded in agreement with some whispered words of dread. Tossing her head, the mare gazed at the rest of the council to hear their views.
"We all know Aria did it!" piped in a nymph, her body clothed in a thin silver cloth and hair dotted with jasmine. “She with the aid of those despicable sprites could have been able to trick Solhaven and steal the stone.” 
"I agree," nodded a white tiger named Dijon followed by vigorous agreements from his tribe. All muttered curses to the sorceress and her creatures, which drew glances from the nymphs.
"No," a soft but firm voice came from behind, "Aria cannot take the firestone. Only an Annoxonum can as they know the appropriate enchantment." Everyone stared at the figure that stood steadfastly, with long silver hair flowing gently in the breeze and misty grey eyes like the edges of cold steel, both striking and enigmatic. 
It was Sinardin, queen of Tyrendocramius; the city of the Elentian folk, those beings who had been in the world to witness the rising and falling of the evil at the time of Annox. The city had been shortened to Tyrendale when some protested for Cramius was a prince who was detested. Yet several still called it that as those knew of the true sacrifices Cramius had made to save his city and people. The later generations had been heir to rich literature and folklore which spoke of such calamities concerning the stones. Besides her was her husband, King Luminon and their adopted son, Cyrillon al’ Simian whose real heredity was still concealed and the name they had given him was not his own. This boy had been raised in Tyrendale from the tender age of two till manhood but never once had he been told of his real parents. All he had been told was that he was adopted but the loving adoration he showed his parents was awe inspiring. 
"That’s preposterous! An Annoxonum protects the firestone. Not steals it!" retorted the nymphs and tigers. A few nymphs had turned red with anger and they did not look very pretty at that moment. “I do not think we should waste our time in finding suspects of a crime when the culprit is obvious. Aria is the sole enemy against us at the moment.”
"No," denied Kerfina, the representative of the eagles, "Raven has been to me and he has said that Solhaven gave passage to another creature not knowing it was evil. We cannot be sure if it is an Annoxonum or not? The dragon knows Aria. He would not allow her to pass his threshold."
Then a storm broke out in which all those present blazed with fury and started opposing each others suggestions. The meeting was in jeopardy as the angry crowd's verbal combating was difficult to curtail and it had resorted to a physical fight. The nymphs had actually torn away some hair and hurled it like a whip at the Elentians, who had unsheathed their swords to defend Sinardin. The threads of control were breaking and violence was bursting forth. Arean warily gazed at the representatives arguing and announced in a deep voice, "To settle this we need to assemble a few parties, giving them several tasks to accomplish. Is this agreeable?"

A murmur of approval resounded amid the fortress and all unanimously accepted this proposal. Several reddened in embarrassment and others muttered soft apologies to one another. Only Sinardin was unaffected except she wore a thin smile on her face as Cyrillon whispered in her ear. It was not a smile of amusement. Then Arean spoke with a commanding voice first addressing the young Elentian.
"Cyrillon al’ Simian, you will follow Kerfina to the Annoxonum and there you will lie in wait until further commands are issued. Do not engage yourself in any skirmish as we may need your aid in other matters along Deadfall Creak or beyond" she said assigning the duties, "Fiona will join the Guardian Aniah, who I believe has been delayed from attending the Council, to search for the firestone. Creatures of Sacred Glove and Elentians of Tyrendale will raise the defenses of their respective cities as I can feel danger moving towards our fortresses. Council dismissed!"
"I will dispatch a nymph to inform Master Ching of Cyrillon's arrival" said the King, "let us now unite and prepare for the inevitable. Discord will only mean our disaster."
"The inevitable doom," whispered Gorman, his voice holding dread and with that he trotted away alongside his clan. Adrianna heard him and said nothing. For once the mare’s sharp tongue had no words. She knew Gorman was right and soon the Arkansage would too need to bend to the wills of Klamath. 
That time was not far off.

The companions then took off hastily, to reach their destination. All headed in different directions, fading into the distance, their figures shimmering away into the heavy mist. 

***

	Cyrillon al’ Simian and Kerfina moved through the grimy slopes of Sevin Jungle, moving stealthily under the shading trees with the former high on his chestnut steed Khazdul and the latter scanning the tree tops for any sign of danger or other creatures. A week of travel had been passed in crossing the edges of the River, moving through the deserted ravines and stumbling on the ridges. The Elentian was weary but he never stopped. In the back of his mind, he thought of drinking warm tea with sweet bread while sitting in a fire lit room with his friends. That was the life! No worries, no evil beings sprouting from the ground.  Even the stallion walked slowly, hooves hitting hard on the ground and moving clumsily. The small water bag he carried was almost empty as he had avoided drinking the water of these cursed pools. His feet felt as they had been walking for years. It was not that the man was one who was easily tired but it was the air which exhausted air. The darkness, the rancid odour was enough to make him drowsy.
	Cyrillon gripped his bow tightly in his fist as his piercing grey eyes penetrated the darkness and his sharp hearing detected the movements of nearby creatures. He sat up a bit straighter in the saddle and gently stroked the stallion’s coat. Khazdul whimpered and the Elentian quieted the horse. He made a signal to Kerfina with his hands to ask how much distance had been covered. In reply the eagle flew faster, zooming towards the north. In her wake followed Cyrillon, his horse galloping through the copse, treading heavily on the rotten grass from which seeped a white mist laden with moisture.
	After a while they approached a clearing and through the branches, Ching's cave could be seen along with the mysterious altar, which flashed ever so brightly in the sun which was at its glorious pinnacle shedding an abundance of light on the promising rolling plains of sweet, dewy grass. Kerfina screeched at which another beautiful eagle emerged from the cave. It was Raven. Cyrillon followed and jumped off, tethering his horse near the entrance where the spring was located. The stallion gave the water a wary look, then bent down and took a lap. It was cool to its scorched lips and the stallion then gulped the water feeling refreshed. 
	Cyrillon brushed off the dried leaves from his green cape, removed his hood and entered the cave, striding towards the voices which he could hear echoing in the distance. As he entered the main room, Kerfina screeched once again to make his entrance known and upon his arrival all stood up.
"Ahh…hello Cyrillon al’ Simian" said an old man warmly, moving in to shake his hand.
"Hello Master Ching" replied Cyrillon, "I bring you warm greetings from Queen Sinardin and King Luminon of the city Tyrendale."
"My old friends," said Ching with a faraway look in his eyes, "beautiful Sinardin and charming Luminon. Allow me to introduce Asra, the Annoxonum's mother and Adam, the Magicka's father. The girls will join us in a short while."

After saying their greetings, Cyrillon took a seat on the wooden stool and placed his weapons besides him while others studied him in awe. His high cheekbones and lean face reflected authority enhanced by his ruggedly handsome features. His eyes were of a mystifying grey revealing little of what he had endured in his life but showing the wisdom locked behind them. The dark locks brushed his shoulders that were hunched in fatigue of the week long travel through the Sevin Jungle. Cyrillon wore a weather-beaten cloak and garment yet his stature was that of a leader, a figure long forgotten in the changing age as were the figures of all the Elentian leaders before him. He didn’t say much but when he spoke, authority reverberated in his voice and reflected upon the noble upbringing he had from the royals for his speech was eloquent and concise. He listened patiently to all the questions asked and answered them in a vague fashion awaiting the arrival of the two women he had come to protect.

Soon Ching informed Cyrillon that the Annoxonum was going to arrive with her Magicka friend as there was a giggle outside the room and Cyrillon stood up in respect as the two entered for the Annoxonum held great honour in the eyes of the Guardian and therefore he would show his utmost respect to the young girl. "Xia, Julian, this is Cyrillon from the Elentian city Tyrendale and Cyrillon this is Xia the Annoxonum and Julian the Magicka" said Ching, introducing the two parties to each other.

Xia brushed back her long, black hair from her eyes and smiled at Cyrillon, "I'm pleased to meet you."
"I too am enchanted by your presence, Cyrillon," said Julian, shaking his hand and studying him with a smile. 
Cyrillon gently bowed his head in front of these girls, admiring the two as they were equally resolute and had a strength in them which would be needed near the end. "I’m honored to be of service."

"Come let’s go and eat as I believe you are weary after your long journey," said Asra leading the way to the table, followed by a cluster of the hungry. Ching laid a hand around his daughter’s shoulders and gave a big smile to a frowning Asra. She hesitated then grinned back. After inspecting his weapons, Cyrillon entered the dining hall of the cave and took a seat across Xia, joining into the conversation concerning Sacred Glove and other related matters. However, Kerfina and Raven both noticed that Cyrillon's mind was engaged some place else and that he was anxious but he cloaked his concern in front of these humans with remarkable proficiency. He did not understand why the Queen had sent him here but there must have been some ulterior motive. He gave a smile to the Annoxonum and she plunged into a detailed interview which he answered but wearily though the exuberant girls didn’t seem to notice. The sky was darkening and along with it brought the thin whispers of evil for in the other part of the Magic Plains, a decadent coalition was in the beginning of its formation. 



~ Chapter Four ~



"Aniah, reveal yourself!" commanded Arean as she stood beside the Sacred Glove Fortress, eyes sparkling an urgent golden. At once the young Guardian appeared before the phoenix and gently bowed, her mahogany hair falling on her face, flowing softly on her shoulders. Her eyes glinted in the sun as if shining with happiness, but the phoenix knew that the Guardian was anything but happy.
	"Stand up dear. You are our equal." Arean then ruffled her feathers, "Have you been informed of the quest you have to embark on?"
	"I am aware of it but I’m afraid we must depart immediately to avoid detection." answered Aniah and as if on cue, Fiona descended from the azure fold of the sky and settled next to the Guardian. "Climb on me Guardian and I shall take you to our destination with swiftness."
“I am glad to see that you have been freed from the clutches of that mad woman.” Aniah looked straight into the eyes of the magnificent bird as she spoke, referring to the phoenix’s unfortunate imprisonment at the hands of the sorceress.
“Thank you Guardian.” Fiona looked at the beautiful woman with a glimmer of respect in her eyes for the Guardians were revered highly, especially Aniah. It was rare that a phoenix respected another as an equal but the Guardian never seemed to be awed at all by their race or the rare admiration they showed her.
	Without a word Aniah jumped steadily onto the phoenix's back, clutching on a cluster of glossy, crimson feathers. Fiona, clicking her beak, looked expectantly at her mother who responded without delay. "Give them leave to depart!" 
	All of a sudden the magical barriers encompassing the Glove were lifted to momentarily allow them a safe passage, through which they accelerated disappearing into the cerulean curtains draped over the vast sky, Fiona's vibrant wings barely visible in the hazy distance and swirling clouds. The barrier was closed and Arean too flew off to manage a few matters concerning the white tigers that needed to elect a new leader. The Queen knew who they would choose; it was likely to be Dijon. He was the young cub who had captured all hearts. She agreed to his promotion but yet felt that the tigers would need convincing to chose him as a new leader. Many were still too attached to the dying Chrism who had done wonders but yet she could not exert herself more no matter how much she wanted to. 
	
Somewhere in the woods, camouflaged in the shadows outside Sacred Glove, stood a cloaked figure; its hood drawn up and its body concealed to every fraction. At the Guardian's departure, it followed the phoenix's fiery trail into the depths of the woods, barely rustling a leaf as it advanced.

***

	
Annor fled to Aria and demanded to speak with her, silvery eyes blazing with a fusion of wrath and aggravation.
"What is it Annor?" inquired Aria, when she noted the look of urgency and horror on Annor's face. 
"There are demons Mistress…at the gateway of Nebula" she said between deep breaths, "if we…come close they spit venom and…demand us to retreat!"
"What demons?" Aria sputtered angrily and for a split second recoiled at the thought of these repulsive beings. "Take me to them. I leave this place for a while and look what has happened."
"But your Highness…" said Annor, dread emerging into the deep tunnels of her eyes. Sprites hated demons like anything but they also feared them, for in history demons had destroyed entire Sprite Trees which sprites held sacred. 
"Now!" ordered Aria and dozens of sprites lifted her caravan with tight frowns in Annor’s direction and took their Mistress to the gates of her beloved homeland, Nebula.
Aria was furious when she evaluated the situation. Her soldiers, consisting of sprites and vultures were being driven back by a puny, but sturdy force of demons. Axhelius stood at a distance where he was utilizing his immense range of powers to compel the demons to open the gates, but from the conditions his efforts proved futile. Aria did not blame him for demons were known to posses hard rocks of granite in their heads instead of brains. Axhelius could not persuade a rock or bend it’s will. 
After being laid on the coarse, black gravel, Aria rose proudly to meet the leader who towered more than a foot from her face. "I have heard that you demons are blocking our way," spoke Aria battling with her overwhelming apprehension and nausea, "for your information, I own Nebula and you are the trespassers. This entire scene should be the other way round." 
"Certainly not," spat the commander, emitting a spray of rancid breath, his serpent like tongue coiling menacingly. "This is the demon king's land."
"Is that true?" raged the woman before the demon, tossing her chin assertively, "I would like to meet this King!"
The commander raised the portion of his eye where there would have been an arched eyebrow but now there was only a crinkling of the mottled skin. He slightly hesitated and then held a low discussion with the other demons in an abominable language. Then turning back to the woman, he sneered, "You are who?"
"Aria, Sorceress of the Evil Realms, Lady of Nebula and am also known as my common name, Death Wind" she replied hotly. Then she gave a grin of satisfaction.
At once the demon's hostile expression changed. His dark red flesh was illuminated by a glint in his molten yellow eyes. Throwing the iron spear he was holding, the creature attempted to clean his grimy mail. Flashing a coppery smile, he gave her passage into Nebula allowing only Axhelius with her because of Aria's demand.
My home, my land, she thought with adoration. Aria gazed at Nebula with a smile, her home which was still unchanged. The colossal castle and widespread grounds were surrounded by a barrier of volcanic mountains with misty scarlet clouds revolving at their serrated peaks. The dying grass was marked with wilting roses and on the far side a crater could be perceived where dozens of nightmares were grazing besides a pool of frothing lava, seen by these stallions as a source of refreshment and sustenance. As Aria approached the castle made of grey stones and splendid towers, she felt a surge of delight wash through her senses.
The demon entered a hallway, walls lined with plenty guards who eyed the two intruders suspiciously but said not a word. The broad, intricate doors were opened by two bottle green goblins, common residents of Nebula and they excitedly squeaked as their former 'Majesty' strode in, their oversized ears twitching and their impish eyes dancing merrily. The throne room consisted of a seat darkly engraved by ancient designs and painted with archaic silver. Huge midnight blue curtains were draped over the windows, leaving the nominal brilliance of the candles as the only source of light.
Aria gazed at the King in amazement and exchanged glances with Axhelius who most certainly was appalled.
"Greetings Aria or shall I say the Death Wind. Do you like my fortress?" he asked, laughing hoarsely.
The King sat high and with arrogance, clutching only a golden spear to signify his royalty. His body was clad in the thickest, filthiest robes which concealed his body except his demonic face. He had not been bestowed with wings as the rest of his associates but was the sole demon that possessed two sharp, curled horns that grew where there should have been ears.
"Your fortress?" asked Aria, raising a brown eyebrow, her sapphire eyes scrutinizing this new face with unease. 
"Oh! My mistake…let me introduce myself. I am King Vien, Lord of the Demon forces, The Onis." His voice resonated in the hall as he continued, "I am well aware that you must feel angered at my impudence at taking over you fortress but in reality I was awaiting your return and decided to rest in Nebula during your prolonged absence. I have been wishing to visit you for long for it has come to my attention that you are brewing an evil scheme against the Annoxonum…she is a well trained girl according to my spies. It seems that Ching and Asra are training that youth well…" The last part was spoken in despise and his eyes reflected sheer hatred. “Nevertheless, I am more than sorry for angering you and I hope you will forgive me.”
Aria faltered a bit as she had not expected this explanation but regaining herself she answered, "I am honored that you have consumed your time in my wait and you are welcome to remain here providing that my forces are let in."
"Open the gates" commanded Vien and then his gaze fell on Axhelius. "Axhelius…long time no see…you have deformed but his evil suits you" he said, once again laughing in a raspy tone of voice. 
"Vien, it is a pleasure to meet you after all these years, you don’t look so bad yourself compared to what you once were" responded Axhelius huskily staring at the sour recognition which streaked the demon’s face for a second.
Then, Vien turned back to the sorceress and a sugary smile lit his face. "Aria, my dear, come let us have a meal and talk…you as well Axhelius. Do not worry; the demons will accommodate your troops. I have taken the liberty of using the kitchens of your palace."
Aria did not reply and she stood with a rigid back as he descended the throne. To the surprise of the two companions, the Demon King led them to a table furnished with fresh flowers and candles. Platters of meatballs, rice and gravy were spread out carefully on the glossy surface along with glasses of a deep cherry wine and a soft music had occupied the air.
Aria slid off her velvet robe and laid it on the side of the chair, revealing her enthralling beauty. Vien gaped as he eyed Aria from top to bottom; taking in her bare shoulders and the way the dress brought to light her flourishing complexion, the skin like ivory against the teal dress which was embroidered with black. Unable to say anything due to the sudden dryness in his mouth, Vien just lifted Aria's hand and kissed it finding it remarkably smooth and icy against his coarse, scorching lips which sent a momentary shudder of terror through his nerves. This woman bore power that could destroy him at the spot and he needed to tread carefully in her icy presence. 
Recollecting himself, Vien said "I have prepared this meal especially for you, My Lady." Smiling at him in cool gratification, Aria seated herself besides him and began to feast along side Axhelius, whose self-control gave in to his ravenous appetite, and he hungrily gobbled the food, throwing bits on the floor around his bowl. Neither of the leaders knew where this friendship would take them as they eyed each other with concealed distrust. 

***

"So Cyrillon why don't you think that you belong to the Royal Elentians?" asked Xia, curiosity kindling her interest in this man. She then scooped a spoonful of vegetables into her mouth as she waited for an answer.
After a momentary pause, Cyrillon replied, "I am not from the line of the Royal Elentians and belong to another heredity, of which I yet do not have knowledge. The nobles have told me of my adoption but not of my lineage."
"Oh…" said Xia softly trying to digest what he was saying while she gazed at her half-full plate, playing with chunks of beef and pushing them to the edges. “So what brings you here?"
"Queen Arean, the phoenix of Sacred Glove, dispatched me here for a period and I shall receive further orders in due course," answered the Elentian in between spoonfuls of the savory steaming stew which Asra had prepared. His plate had been heaped with everything and he even found a tiny space to place some sweet sauce. It drew looks of surprise from the girls but the elders knew that he had been traveling for an entire week with little food.
An awkward silence settled and Xia gave the say-something-and-break-the-silence-look to her Magicka friend, whose mouth formed a small 'o'. "Cyr-cur-Ilion…umm…Mr. Simian, do you know the Guardian Aniah?" Julian asked, blushing over her mistake at which Xia started giggling uncontrollably but for her friend's sake she converted her laughter into a cough. Cyrillon didn't seem to notice as the question had caught him by surprise and he couldn’t resist the urge to ask its reason.
Julian, after shooting a glance of mock anger at Xia, responded, "Well I just wanted to know if any one else knew her besides us. She doesn’t come anymore so we were wondering that if she is alright."
"Aniah is well known in both Sacred Glove and Tyrendale" said Cyrillon, his grey eyes shining with fondness, "I too have had the pleasure of meeting her and I know that so far no harm has come to her. I hope it never does." Looking down, he continued his meal in silence with no intention of engaging in further conversation. 
Xia and Julian gazing at his quietness for a while started a whispered chat while the elders were engrossed in their own issues mainly concerning the two girls. The plates lay forgotten in their talk and occasionally some harsh whispers came from Asra or Ching which were hushed by Adam who purposely started sipping with loud noises at which Julian arched her eyebrows. Xia on the other hand just smiled with amusement knowing the reason for the discord between her grandfather and mother.
Raven glanced at Cyrillon's face and then peered through the nightfall, awaiting the return of his mother who had set out to Sacred Glove. Cyrillon too was observing the dusky sky with a perturbing expression, his somber eyes riveted to the pasty moon which waxed and waned behind a wisp of grey clouds. The sinister darkness fell heavily and he noticed Khazdul sleeping near the spring, the rope still intact. With a small sigh, Cyrillon turned back to his plate and moved the food around, his hunger replaced by an unexplainable fear. 

***

Fiona dropped down in a hidden clearing, her wings resting on the ground as Aniah jumped off hastily. Her boots landed on the damp floor heavily and a small pain went up her ankles but that she ignored.
"Where is this?" asked the Guardian, clearly tense due to her strange surroundings. She had traveled far but this place had a strange aura. It was an aura which glimmered with evil, with the taint of the Shadow.
Fiona replied swiftly, "It is the heart of the Sevin Jungle. Cronin Heflën. I thought that this should be the place to start the search."
Aniah stealthily treaded forward noting the change in the jungle and crouched behind a large boulder. She had understood Fiona’s last comment. This was the heart of the corrupted jungle, and it was a cursed land where the ground bore only weeds. Cronin Heflën had been the citadel of the creatures that walked the dark trails and years ago several had been killed. It still remained the monument to evil; still a memory which could not be cleansed. It was a dark, horrific memory which would never be erased, not at least as long as the Shadow was alive to spread it’s curse. 
"What is that?" she muttered to herself, squinting to see as the twilight was gradually diminishing to an obscurity. The moon was waxing and waning behind the heavy clouds and that further darkened Cronin Heflën.
	Fiona eyes adjusted to the dimness readily and peered in the direction Aniah was looking at. "It's a cave."
	"That I can see…but can you perceive the red glow in the centre?" questioned Aniah, as she slowly crouched forward, straining to get a better look. Fiona utilized her powers, her vision penetrating the gloomy cave and then she gasped. 
	"Aniah, it is the firestone!" she announced excitedly, "Let us go get it!"
"No," ordered the Guardian, "Go back and inform Arean."
"I won’t leave you alone! Never!" said Fiona, defiantly.
"Go Fiona, there is danger near the cave, I can sense it" said Aniah, "We need forces for a dark mass lurks nearby." Aniah was lying, there was only small evil near the cave but she felt something in her heart. Something which she knew was dangerous, something which was powerful. Aniah knew it was in her power to destroy the foulness in the cave but some barrier held her back, something that she could not define, but it was a strong sensation as if Klamath played a role in her feelings. Besides, there was an aura of imminent danger around the area, one which was not small enough to be curbed by her alone.
"But…no…" started Fiona, her beak clicking in disapproval. Never would she leave the Guardian, unless the woman hit her. She grimaced at the thought.
"Go!" commanded Aniah. Though her voice was composed, it held authority which had to be abided by. Fiona reluctantly drew back and with a glance at the staunch Guardian, the phoenix speedily flew back to the Glove.
	The hooded creature glimpsed at Fiona without the Guardian in surprise. "Finally." it whispered icily as it plunged into the deeper part of the woods, determined to reach the Guardian by dawn at the most. 
It could wait no longer.










~ Chapter Five ~


Fiona raced to Sacred Glove, accelerating through the night sky and reaching her parents at the break of dawn, when the sun’s first rays sparkled on the horizon. With deep breaths, the phoenix approached the Fortress and informed her parents of the Guardian’s position, fiery flames escaping as the exhausted creature struggled to provide comprehensive information, battling against an agonizing pain which was building up inside her chest. Then the pressure within gave way and as the phoenix finished her last sentence, she exploded into ashes which shimmered to the floor in a pile. 
	Arean was astounded but she waited Fiona’s rebirth which was to occur very shortly. It was unfortunate that she had been disintegrated at this time when she was needed the most. The Queen glared at the servants who were snickering at the sight and they immediately stopped their faces ashen with fear of rebuke. A small, featherless pink body emerged from the ashes and as it was taken away to the nursery, its tiny grey beak formed three words, “Aniah needs help.”
	Queen Sinardin arrived shortly after this in her highly wrought carriage from Tyrendale to question the progress and was briefed of the situation by Arean.
“Send Cyrillon to Aniah,” suggested Sinardin, “The Annoxonum can be aided by Fiona after her growth. It will happen shortly if I am correct.”
“But she will be unprotected” countered Arean.
	“No, she has friends and allies who will safe guard her for the time being. You know this. The Guardian’s safety is necessary; she is the only one we can trust. The others on the other hand are unmentionable.”
Arean thought in silence and then with a resolute gaze, she commanded the sprite to dispatch Kerfina.
“I just hope he reaches her in time,” said Sinardin with a grave expression her eyes shining oddly.
“We all do.”
***

	Cyrillon smiled as he stroked the russet mane of Khazdul who was neighing softly and frivolously thumping his hooves on the grass in impatience for the stallion was thirsty for another adventure, its black eyes shining with profound interest at his open surroundings. 
	Then giving in to the horse’s soundless requests, Cyrillon released him to the creature’s delight. It pranced on the lush prairie and cantered in circles, rearing high with joy and neighing ecstatically to show its admiration to his master, who laughed heartily. 
“Your horse is incredible.”
	Cyrillon turned around and saw the Annoxonum approaching, her eyes fixed on the stallion who observed this stranger with uncertainty but after noticing its master’s calm composure, Khazdul continued his gamboling on the extensive plains.
	“Good morning Annoxonum,” said Cyrillon warmly as Xia advanced him, her wet hair glistening in the sun.
	“Hi!” answered Xia curtly and then fingering her damp hair she remarked, “Just took a bath.”
	Cyrillon nodded and then seated himself on the grass and his suit was followed by Xia, rather reluctantly as she hated sitting on the grass for she was afraid of lizards especially after the last time Ching had placed one on her head as a joke. Xia nervously bit her lip and saw Cyrillon glance at her, noticing her unease. He did not ask for the reason for her discomfort but had a nearly accurate suspicion that it was something to do with insects as she kept glancing at the grass.
“How is your training progressing?” asked Cyrillon and Xia looked up, her eyes momentarily on him instead of the cricket hopping by.
	“My training is going well and will be better if I can learn how to counter sword attacks and block the arrows. You never know who I’ll go up against. I mean I know I should use a shield and all but I can’t do that. It seriously disrupts my balance and then I start blundering with the dagger.” 
“To counter sword attacks just use your agility and the same for the arrows, with this in mind that you must maintain a constant speed of attack with no hindrance especially during combat,” put in Cyrillon with an alacrity as he had been reared in practice battle grounds all his life and had been trained by strict instructors, some champions of the Spire. “If you do not mind, I would like to see you fight. It is rare to see an Annoxonum in battle and perhaps I may be able to aid you in your combat moves. Shall we sparse in a while?”
“Of course and thanks for helping,” grinned Xia, comfortable and tucking a lock of wet hair behind her ears she asked, “What’s the name of your horse?”
“Khazdul” answered Cyrillon as he glanced at the stallion speeding across the plains with a thin smile of amusement.
“What does it mean?”
“It means the Glorious Steed.”
“Cool…How did you get him?” asked Xia curiously. 
A smile lit his face as Cyrillon described the events that brought him and this fine horse together and how they spent their childhood together in Tyrendale. He even spoke of supernatural matters concerning the eminence of the leaf-shaped white patch on the steed’s forehead which, to Xia’s surprise, was a magical mark which bore inexplicable powers. The Annoxonum was fascinated by the wealth of historical know-ledge this Elentian possessed and felt a thirst to know more thereby bombarding him with questions which he seemed to enjoy answering. 
Cyrillon did not stop after answering her questions, he ventured into further territory beyond the scopes of time. He spoke of the times of the warlords who had invaded the kingdom of the Elentian people, reigning over them with an iron fist and torturing those who rebelled and of the arcane temples built long ago by the Elentian heroes who believed in complete absolution through meditation. Besides this he even told Xia that she was the only Annoxonum and person who was a Chinese besides Ching and her mother who could see the Magic Plains and that her ancestors belonged to another race altogether which was evident in their offspring; the three Guardians who possessed exquisite features which did not appear in women folk today. 
The borders of the Magic Plains, as he related, extended only till Deadfall Creek and from there they ceased to exist as the land spread far and wide into realms seen by normal people as barren wastelands; lifeless and bleak. According to the laws laid by the Elders, no creature of the Magic Plains was able to cross the threshold of these lands except for a few including the fallen Axhelius and of course the Annoxonum. He never ceased talking and spoke clearly with a strong voice, radiating wisdom in all spheres of life.
As he stopped, Xia continued the conversation feeling more at ease than before due to the affable nature of Cyrillon. She related the situation of the world at present; the way people lived and the various rulers and wars which had been fought. She especially mentioned the various weapons such as tanks, missiles and bombs which horrified Cyrillon to a certain extent. Xia spoke of inventions such as airplanes and cars which amazed Cyrillon as the people of the Medieval Ages could not conceive such modern devices which could make travel easier. However the Elentian was not particularly keen on indulging in the way of modern life for he felt it was harsh and dull especially when Xia told him of the fading moral values in her time beyond the Magic Plains.
	The two were so absorbed in their discussion that they didn’t realize that it was already mid-day and the sun shone at its zenith. At the end of the conversation, Ching had come in and gazed in astonishment at the beautiful horse that now was lapping the clear spring water. Cyrillon stood up and greeted Ching and the two engaged in a brief chat as Xia warily approached Khazdul and laid her hand on its coat. The horse did not move and let the tender hands of the Annoxonum stroke it.
	She then turned around to stand with her grandfather as he talked to Cyrillon and the latter noticing her, repeated his earlier request to Ching. “Master Ching, I hope to engage the Annoxonum in small mêlée if that is alright.” 
	Ching nodded with a thin smile at Xia who had taken out the dagger she always kept with her, tucked underneath the cord she wore round her hip. Cyrillon unsheathed his sword, the beautiful blade glimmering at the edge as he sliced against the air as if testing it. After a few seconds, the Elentian nodded to Xia and she ran towards him, the dagger poised at a deadly position. He easily sidestepped the attack and ducked under the second lash Xia nearly gave him. 
	Cyrillon then crashed his sword against her dagger and the two were striking blades in harmony as they circled the perimeter and Cyrillon kept barking out improvements to her from which intensified her skill. After a long hour, Xia fell to the floor panting and beads of perspiration tickled down the side of her face and she looked at Cyrillon who just grinned and lent her a hand to lift her from the ground. She glanced at him in contempt for he did not look at all tired. Instead he seemed rejuvenated by the small fight they had. 
	“How are you not weary? I fight for a while and my muscles start burning with exhaustion.” Xia looked at him expectantly as she tucked the dagger back into her belt.
“I have been trained for years Annoxonum while you have crammed everything in a few months. I only wonder your strength in the near future. Already you rival many of the swordsmen I know of and in the future you will probably exceed our combined talent.”
“You flatter me but I am not that good,” replied Xia blushing slightly at the praise and she noticed Ching walking towards them with a beam on his face.
“Wonderful my child!” he exclaimed, wrapping Xia in a bear hug and then he smiled at the man before him with admiration. “Cyrillon, your skills are unparallel. I have not seen such swordsmanship for a long time now and I was greatly pleased with this mêlée. My granddaughter needs improvement but I can see that she can put up a strong fight if ever endangered. Thank you Cyrillon.”
“It was my pleasure Master Ching. I just hope we can practice every day I am here for I can teach her much. She-” Cyrillon broke off as an abrupt screech sliced through the peaceful air and Kerfina speeded down and threw a scroll which he caught. Cyrillon opened the scroll, removing the green ribbon and his motion was watched by the other two present.
His face then was tainted with anxiety and he immediately hoisted himself on Khazdul who shared the same trepidation as his master. With swiftness the man attached his weapons on the horse’s girdle and slipped his sword in its worn scabbard. 
“What’s wrong?” asked Ching.
“Where are you going?” questioned Xia with alarm.
	“The Guardian needs aid as she is alone in wilderness near danger. Time is short.” answered Cyrillon, drawing his hood over his head which overshadowed his face except for the vigilant glint in his eyes. “Fair winds!”
	With that he galloped into the forest, disappearing in the lurking shadows where the presence of danger was always felt and leaving behind two bewildered humans. 
“Goodbye.” whispered Xia feeling the hot rush of air which Cyrillon left in his wake and then turning to Ching, “Grandpa will he be alright?”
“Yes Xia,” replied the old man stroking his long beard, “He is a warrior and an exceptional man. Now we can just hope he reaches Aniah in time.”
Xia nodded and then with a sigh, she retreated to the cave wondering what other surprises the future would bring. Maybe next time a troll will visit us, she grinned but her smile faded a little as she realized that Cyrillon would have greatly improved her combat but the current situation needed him more. 
Ching draped an arm on Xia’s shoulders and kissed her on the forehead, whispering an apology for his coolness towards her after the loss of firestone. “I am sorry my child. I acted like an old fool.” 
“No Grandpa, we are both to blame. I will not let the firestone escape again if I ever find it. I promise that I will live up to your expectations. I am sorry for everything.” Xia hugged Ching, her head snuggled in his soft robes and tears fell down her cheeks as the storm of emotions flooded out.
“I hope that day never comes when you have to put your life in danger. I can only pray.” He stroked her head and a tear fell from his eyes for his love for his granddaughter was immeasurable and he lived in constant fear of the day she would part.
Together they stood in the embrace under the morning hues not sure of where this life would lead them. 

***

Aniah sat behind a tree, all the while intently gazing at the cave for any spur of movement. Her night had been spent awake and now sleep was threatening to take over but with her incredible will power, the Guardian pushed the feeling to a desolate corner of her mind. She yawned.
Aniah sharpened her curved sword which had been granted to her by the competent hands of the Elentians of Tyrendale and her thoughts were too preoccupied with the firestone to notice the changes in her surroundings and the danger they brought.
In the flash of a second, a cold blade was at her neck, digging in deep and with a slightly increased pressure it could tear the very tissues of her skin. A thick cloak flapped by her side and then an icy whisper came. “We meet again Guardian.”
Upon hearing this Aniah was bewildered and she rapidly stood up, raising her weapon at the hooded figure that had lowered it’s own to a harmless level. Cursing herself for not paying attention to the sounds, she turned her attention to the cloaked figure.
“Who are you?” demanded Aniah in a whisper. With a menacing, raspy laugh the figure threw down its heavy cloak and the revelation of its body left Aniah aghast.
“Fiera” said Aniah, her voice low but the tone held despise as she said this name, forgotten through the tides of time. 
“You remember Aniah.” Fiera wore a small smile that played across her darkly painted lips. “At least someone does.”
Aniah grimaced as she studied this creature, once a Fire Guardian who had long ago wandered astray and submerged into the darkest of evils. Her long purple-black hair streaked crimson whipped across her smooth face and the ruby irises of her black eyes flashed viciously. Her slim form was clothed in a dress of deep violet, interlaced with silver thread and in her other hand she grasped an ornate dagger tipped with a dark olive substance. 
“Fiera, look what have you done to yourself,” said Aniah, her gaze lingering on Fiera’s hollow eyes, her soulless eyes.
A raspy, scornful laugh left Fiera’s lips, “I have deteriorated and lost my innocent beauty but the gain was worth it. I now am endowed with innumerable powers and apparently you have grown too soft. In your youth you would have instantly killed me but now…now you are weak, a weak Guardian, what an interesting notion.”
Aniah’s hazel eyes bore into Fiera’s, her black cape swishing behind and her body tensed under the maroon attire she was clothed in. “Time changes a person and I am not one who can slaughter my own like you have tried on many occasions Fiera,” she spat angrily.
Fiera’s eyes narrowed and the red irises burnt with a fiercer intensity, ignited by the fuels of anger. “Then change now Aniah. Together, you and I can rule the world. Think of the possibilities and I am so graciously offering a partner-ship to you. Will you not accept this? Your life is wasted here helping these insignificant creatures while you wait for the restoration. Look at me, I do not the powers of the Guardian yet I have paved my own ways to acquire what none have dared to even grasp. Dark power Aniah, from the very pits of hell…”
“You disgust me,” replied Aniah, her voice choked with repulsion at this vile woman greedy for power and sovereignty over all the magic wielders. “Even if you put me on the edge of your blade, I will not accept this offer. I have not fallen yet nor will I misuse my powers unlike you.”
	“So be it. You have chosen your own fate…once again you have not used your senses…once again acted like your blood is pure while mine is foul. I can’t stand this anymore,” said Fiera with malevolence, “Prepare Aniah…you will die…if not mortally at least I will give you enough pain to make you weak, to make you suffer. Suffer as I once did.”
	“That was your own choice. Try what you must Fiera, I will end you first,” vowed Aniah, taking a step back, preparing for combat with this fallen Guardian her eyes glazed with fury. 
	The two women stood in enmity, eyeing each other with a sharp glare and Aniah felt the crusty airborne leaves pushing her forward, as if egging her into the mêlée. Fiera, with visible restlessness, sprung forward and did a cartwheel kick sending Aniah twisting through the air and on the ground in an instant.
	But the latter could not be defeated with ease. Getting up, she lashed her sword at Fiera, grazing her arm. On second attempt, she blocked a deadly move of Fiera which was aimed at her neck and the two raged with velocity, as the battle heated and swords clashed violently mingling with the sounds of distress. 
	“You’ve grown skillful.” Fiera recoiled as Aniah sliced her waist faintly and dodged the lunge for her shoulder, “But you still have a long way to go Aniah.”
	The high kick took Aniah by surprise and she glanced at Fiera angrily, furious at being taken off her guard. In retaliation, she ran forward speedily, her sword grazing Fiera’s sleeve and blood trickled from the long gash. Giving a smile to the Fallen Guardian, Aniah raised her elbow and it smashed against Fiera’s chin leaving the latter groaning with pain as she clutched the bruise. “It is such a rare sight to see a Guardian cry with pain,” Aniah said, her tone heavy with sarcasm but the remark was met with a grin from the other woman and in the blink of an eye she threw herself on the ground and pulled Aniah’s legs from beneath her. 
	Aniah immediately blocked the lunge with the dagger using her sword and kicking Fiera in the gut, she jumped up hastily bring her sword against the moving dagger to halt its threatening motion. Both were breathing raggedly but the outcome of the conflict was unpredictable as each was equally matched in this clash of weapons.
	Fiera smiled as she panted for breath, “At least I will not regret this fight we had Aniah. I enjoy your retaliation to my attacks despite your lack of skill.”
	“No one is more stubborn than you Fiera. I have wounded you and yet you belittle my swordsmanship.” Aniah rolled forward as she whispered a quick enchantment to sharpen the blade of her sword and then sped past Fiera, her sword at a deadly angle. Fiera barely dodged the attack but before she could recollect herself, Aniah came back with the same move and the sword met bone with a sickening collision. 
 	After several minutes of this vicious conflict, Aniah managed to wound Fiera acutely who now dropped to the ground choking, with her gashes severely bleeding. “Are you already giving up Fiera?”
	Raising her flaming eyes to Aniah, Fiera mustered all her strength and plunged her dagger into Aniah’s abdomen, till only the hilt remained visible. Aniah staggered backward and her spine slammed against a tree trunk as she stared at the dagger. With trembling hands, she removed the weapon and flung it at Fiera and felt the warm blood from her wound ooze against her cold fingers. 
	The dagger’s blade embedded itself in Fiera’s arm and she emitted painful moans as an intolerable sting bolted down her limb. On the other end, Aniah struggled to move as blood was trickling down her piercing wound but her efforts were hindered by Fiera who had removed the dagger and had plunged it into Aniah’s former injury releasing another fountain of dark blood. The Guardian screamed softly, her mind spinning out of control and only hatred grew in her eyes, which sparkled with azure light revealing the powers of her core which now surfaced but barely scratched the surface as if imprisoned. 
	“It is tipped with the deadliest poison and gradually it will kill you,” whispered Fiera before removing the razor blade and then clutching Aniah’s hair, she closed in and whispered a cruel farewell, before flinging her on a rock. “Now you feel the suffering, now you feel death but it will not claim you even though you wish it Aniah. It is the curse of the Guardians and soon you will come to hate it as I do.”
	Aniah’s vision blurred, the power retreating and hot tears seared her cheeks as excruciating pain shot up her body. She hated to admit it but Fiera was right, she really wished that death would claim her as it would all mortals at this hour to end the pain but she was cursed. “You will never get away safely.” With that curse, Aniah’s head dropped to the side and her eyelids closed, sending her into unconsciousness.
	Fiera, though lethally injured, chuckled as she perceived Aniah as near death as a Guardian could be. She turned to escape but before her plan could be executed, a sharp arrow entered her throat, piercing her jugular vein. In the last moments of her life, Fiera glanced at her murderer and saw a tall, broad shouldered man standing atop the small hill with a bow and quiver. Then her consciousness flickered away and her body heavily fell to the ground, a few feet away from Aniah.
	Cyrillon’s face was drawn in with worry as he approached Aniah, studying her wound gravely and then glancing at the poisoned dagger, his anxiety increased manifold. Khazdul was fuming and his ebony tail swished angrily when he witnessed the state of his adored Aniah. If Cyrillon had not blocked him the stallion would have stamped on the woman who committed the crime.  Flipping to the other Guardian, Cyrillon budged Fiera’s body, letting it tumble down the slope into the river and along with it he hurled the poisoned dagger. She was not dead, but at least would be out of range till the Council could be notified.
	The man rushed to Aniah before her condition was exacerbated by the lack of treatment. Gently lifting her now frail body into his arms, Cyrillon carried her down hill leaving Khazdul to monitor the vicinity for additional hazards.

***

	Aria leaned against the window and gazed down as provision of water and food had been arranged for her troops. She watched the goblins carrying large platters of food to the sprites and throwing carcasses of humans to the vultures. Axhelius was seated besides her and he too stared at the grounds outside the castle walls with no expression at all. 
	“Are you alright Aria?” he asked, stretching his hind paws and blinking his glassy, feral eyes. 
	Sighing, Aria’s gaze shifted to the King who was standing at a distance speaking to his demon commander, Iguana. “I do not know why he is doing all this. I’m suspicious but at the same time I can’t help trusting him.”
	Axhelius glanced at Aria’s face and saw the peculiar change since her cobalt eyes had lost their sparkle and her face’s rosy flush had drained to a pale colour. “Get to know him better.” Axhelius personally was not very interested in Aria’s problems, he never had been. But yet he showed a flicker of concern in his features just to satisfy the sorceress.
“I’ll try.”
	Axhelius shook his dark head and trotted to curl up in front of the hearth where a warm fire was crackling. He had been denied the luxury of warmth for long and now he would not let it elude him no matter what. 
“Do you trust him Axhelius?” questioned Aria quietly. She didn’t understand the Demonic Lords and Axhelius perhaps had more knowledge of them. He had been acquainted with the two Lords during the Battle of Blood; the battle between the Onis and the Kappis, two opposing tribes of demons who had a war for ages. It was the battle in which numerous were slaughtered and it broke out only due to an assassination of a Kappi leader by the Onis. Vien belonged to the Onis and he had formed a pact with the Kappi leader for a ceasefire but this had been severed by the two tribes in several ways. But still some wary neutrality existed between the two Lords; it was the neutrality which was becoming weaker by day. She hoped Axhelius could tell her something more substantial besides the history of demons.
“Most probably” replied Axhelius, “He has been helpful and has virtuously returned your throne; a rare deed for one who is despised by so many.” 
	Aria nodded and elapsed into a silent, dreary mood. Axhelius stretched out in front a roaring fire in the hearth and closing his eyes wearily, he murmured a soft goodnight.

***

	Cyrillon washed Aniah’s wound and swabbed the blood stains with a small trail of apparently clean cloth that he had recovered from the Fire Guardian’s possessions. After placing a crushed herb inside the depression, he swathed her injury with a strip of dark cloth of a cloak.  Scooping fresh water in a hollow stone, Cyrillon dissolved the remaining herb in until a wine-red syrupy liquid was formed. He grimaced at the foul stench of the liquid.
 Aniah began to rouse and her eyes fluttered open. Silencing her before she could speak, Cyrillon lifted the stone to her lips, coaxing her to drink the medicine. With his help she gulped the liquid and he wet a side of his black cape and wiped it over Aniah’s pale face, cleaning the remaining traces of blood. He smiled at the expression of disgust at the medicine and she licked her lips furiously to get rid of the medicinal syrup. 
She gazed at him, too weary to speak but still pride forced her sit up as she could not bear being helpless and Aniah held Cyrillon’s hand, gently moving it away. The ends of his mouth twitched as he watched her movements with amusement and then he pushed her back to the bark of the tree, hindering her painful efforts to get up. Aniah glanced quickly at him and a fire flashed in her eyes but she swallowed her regal pride and knew that she should not try anymore attempts of movement for the agony was too much to bear. Wincing as she lay back, her eyes again swept Cyrillon’s anxious face and noted the changes that had come to his bold features, which now were handsomely rugged; shaped according to the land in which he traveled and in the conditions in which he had survived as he had ventured through marshes, bleak valleys, deserted slopes and waterless hills if the rumors were correct. She understood why he did this; it was to find peace in the emptiness of these lands and to find fulfillment in the vastness of the plain savannas. She had known him for a long time now and still she wondered at the reason behind this endless quest for obtaining solitude. Aniah had never asked him and she knew he would never tell her, not because he didn’t want to but because it was hard for him to explain. He had changed much since she had last seen him except for his unfathomable eyes that were veiled and secretive.
Her gaze lingered awhile on his concerned face and then fell on the sword that lay besides him. It was the Jade-Silver sword of Luminon, one of the best crafts by the Elentians and Aniah traced the markings on the steel blade and was proud of Cyrillon as he was on of the few who had been entrusted with this sword. Her eyes fell heavy but she kept them open. She wanted to speak to Cyrillon for they were meeting after so long but her weakness overtook her body and even looking at him was an effort.
The Elentian knelt towards her weapons, scrubbing of the dried crusts of blood from their surfaces with water from the river. Finally, he finished and placed the armaments next to Aniah. Tucking his own sword back into his belt, Cyrillon took a seat adjacent to the Guardian against the tree stump. 
“Where is Fiera?” she inquired.
	“She is unconscious. I threw her into the river,” he replied and then turning his head to her, “Is the pain gone?”
Aniah shook her head and then heard a soft neigh. “Is that Khazdul?” 
	“Yes,” his answer was clipped. Aniah looked sharply at him to see that his eyes were crinkled in a smile as he watched her irritated expression because of his monotonous answers. He knew she wished to speak but also knew of the cost on her health.
 With a small smile, Cyrillon brushed away loose strands of hair from her face and watched her changing expressions. She returned him a quick smile to conceal her irritation and then laid her head to rest on his shoulders. After a few silent moments, Cyrillon gently moved Aniah’s head off his shoulders and she snapped her eyes open and passed him a questioning look.
	Cyrillon subsequently stood up and clutched his sword hilt, still in the scabbard. “You must rest. I am going to scout the area. I will be back before dark.” With that Cyrillon ventured into the woods, his cloak trailing the ground as he moved deep into the jungle of trees, leaving behind the Guardian. 
	Aniah watched his departing figure and then said a silent prayer before falling into a slumber on the soft grounds of the river bank, her head resting against her cloak. She had brought her sword close to her self as she slept.
Her heart, for the moment, was at peace as she heard the chirping of the birds around her and the gushing of the river as it flowed down the valleys of the jungle. She let all thoughts of Fiera leave her mind so that she could have a moment of peace and that peace was a gift she treasured unlike the gift she had received from the blade of the fallen Guardian. It was a gift that would leave a scar on her for a long time to come.
It was a scar which would heal slowly.









~ Chapter Six ~


A fragrant breeze blew near the cave and it shook the fragile branches of the colossal trees. The sun was at its peak, radiating warmth through the transparent blue sky. 
	Julian and Xia both were seated outside the cave, on a stone slab near the altar and Xia was shivering in her thin red blouse as the wind touched her wounds. She had told her friend of the dream but Julian just discarded it as a nightmare until Xia showed her the gashes on her shoulders. The Magicka was appalled and half-heartedly agreed not to tell anyone anything of the dream until nothing was certain although she insisted on putting a medicine on the cuts. She didn’t understand it herself. How could a nightmare leave marks, it was impossible.
	“Are you feeling cold?” asked Julian and without waiting for a reply, “Here you can take my sweater.” Removing her white sweater, she handed it to her friend. It was not a gesture of courtesy, it was concern.
	“Thanks…what about you?” inquired Xia as she put on the warm sweater and pulled up the collar to hide the fading cuts. She pulled her lustrous black hair from under the sweater and let them fall to her back.
“My dress is warm. I’ll be fine.” Julian fixed her auburn hair, freeing them of the tangles from the wind.
Xia just gave a short nod followed by a deep sigh. Her mind was now troubled with the discovery near the dragon’s cave where she had seen the panther who she knew now was Axhelius according to a book in Ching’s study and there she had found the emerald stone.  “Julian I have to tell you about something.”
“Is it the dream again or the firestone?” asked Julian, recalling the disturbed state Xia had been in when she had rushed back to the cave. The same state she had been in when she told Julian the dream. 
“More or less,” said Xia and removed a crystal-clear emerald from her pocket placing it in Julian’s palm, “I found this on my way to the dragon’s cave. It was sparkling and giving off some greenish light. I hoped that you could tell me what it was.” 
Julian turned the gem around repeatedly as she studied it, but the wheels in her head were not turning as to her this seemed like a normal gemstone. But the events with Xia had taught her not to jump to conclusions and conscious of her friend’s patient gaze, she continued her scrutiny. 
“Xia was this mark there at that time?” questioned Julian, fingering an engraved shape on the emerald. It consisted of three circles, overlapping each other as if in an Olympic flag but only more intricate and exquisitely carved into the polished surface. 
“This was from where the light came” explained Xia, tracing the circles in an attempt to remember the event which was left as a hazy memory.
“Hmm…” muttered Julian.
“What is it?”
“Well…” she answered dragging the ‘well’, “I think it is a magical stone. Xia, we have to show Ching this at least.”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“Umm…because…because it might harm him!” said Xia thinking hurriedly as she didn’t want to fall in Ching’s opinion again by not telling him about the stone sooner.
“You’re just afraid that he’ll scold you. Come on!”
	Before Xia could stop her, Julian stood up and jogged into the cave leaving the Annoxonum on the stone slab. Xia scrambled to her feet and bounded in after her, wondering what Ching would say about this.
 He’d probably say ‘Shame on you Xia, when will you realize the importance of telling me everything?’ 
Xia called Julian but her friend had probably already shown Ching the stone and she kept jogging to the house, her pace slower now as she hoped that Ching would condone her mistake of not showing him on time.

***

“Aria!” called Axhelius as he trotted across the marbled floors, “Where are you?”
“Shh…you fool! Come here and be quiet.” Aria whispered angrily from behind the corner of a wall. 
	“What are you doing?” questioned Axhelius with a sardonic tint in his voice as he saw her pressed against the flat surface of the door. His teeth gleamed as he stared at her comical situation. The Mistress of Nebula is pressed against doors and looking for conspiracy in her own palace where everyone should be loyal to her or at least fear her. Axhelius shook his head and went closer to the door.
“Of course, I’m eavesdropping, now let me hear.” Aria’s reply was curt and she strained to listen in to the droned conversation followed by Axhelius, who lolled out his tongue in curiosity as he heard the conversation. 

“Iguana, are the preparations made?” Vien’s question was more like a command. “Aria must not know anything about it.”
“Of course, My Lord” bowed Iguana, “What will you have me do now?”
“You can go and seal the gates of Nebula?”
“Seal the gates?”
“Yes.”
“May I question why?” asked Iguana gruffly.
“Of course you may Iguana. I do not want any forces to notice the armies inside as some of the kappis have been collecting close by, near the water hole.”
“Kappis?  Here? Shall I send a force after them?”
“No. Leave them. I shall not break the neutrality.”
“Yes my Lord. Shall I leave?”
“Yes but send the two guests on your way. They need to witness an event and that will result in some of the witch’s magic. I want to see how powerful she really is.” 

	Aria immediately moved to a sofa, snapping at Axhelius to act as if he had been sleeping. She had not a clue of what Vien was planning and that made her quite angry. If he is planning a rebellion against me, I’ll make him wish that he was burning in hell. The door opened and Iguana entered the room, a lazy but cynical grin settling across his face as he noticed Aria, a woman he detested much. “You have been summoned.” Announcing that, the demon commander left with heavy strides and an impudent air. 

	Aria and Axhelius rose and walked to the room, greeted by Vien’s beaming face. “Rested? Good. Now come with me.” Yawning quickly, Aria followed Vien to the chambers and there to her utter surprise, she beheld Annor’s wretched condition. The fairy’s wrists were clamped in manacles and encompassing her were two burly demons, gripping bull whips in their fists. 

“Annor! What is the meaning of this?” stormed Aria; her sapphire eyes revealed her fury as she eyed Vien.
	“She was plotting murder.” Vien’s eyes frothed angrily, “To murder you.” 
“What?” screamed Aria, anger throttling her senses, “Annor, why?”
“No Mistress. The demons forced me to. They threatened to kill me if I did not perform such an action!” insisted Annor.
Aria silently gazed into the depths of her servant’s eyes, placing a spell on her. “Please Mistress, please don’t,” whined Annor fearfully.
“Silence!” Aria spoke quietly, her stormy mood transforming into one of disgust. “You speak false, Annor. You are worse than your predecessor.”
“No. I swear.” Annor pleaded with tears streaming down her face. “Please…believe me.”
“Should we kill her?” questioned Vien and on Aria’s nod, he gestured to Iguana to proceed. He was enjoying this scene but he concealed his amusement for he had filled Annor with the guilt that she had been plotting to kill her Mistress and now he hoped that Aria would intervene in the slaughter of her sprite. 
“No. I’ll do it myself.” This claim of Aria’s took all by shock and Iguana, taking the king’s approval, handed the sharpened cleaver to the sorceress. Gripping the leather tightly, Aria walked slowly to Annor, whose eyes had turned a frightful white. 
“Aria, are you sure?” inquired Axhelius, bewildered by her actions and the readiness she had displayed into accepting the demon claim.
“Yes.” Her whisper cut like an icy blade through Annor’s heart. Raising the cleaver to the fairy’s neck, she slit it open and to everyone’s surprise, Aria collected the indigo blood in a container. Turning to the demon king, she thrust him the knife and said, “I want her to be clothed in white and be burnt, right now.” 
Vien was calm as he knew this was inevitable and likewise told Iguana to go in accordance to the command, who was bewildered by the King’s accurate prediction. While the demons collected wood and piled it in the centre of the ground, Aria ran a finger on Annor’s cut which had now dried up.
“My Lady, the fire is ablaze.” Iguana announced this quietly, with a mocking stare. “Shall we place her body in?”
“Yes…do it quickly” hissed Aria as she swept over the marble floor, her black dress trailing behind her. Annor’s body was positioned on the centre but did not catch fire.
“She is not burning,” muttered Axhelius to no one in particular but the demon on his right grunted.
Aria did not comment as she stared at the sprite’s scrawny body. The sorceress lifted out the container of blood and trickled the indigo liquid on Annor’s chest, following this by an enchantment in a barely audible whisper.


Creatures of the darkness beyond the West,
Aid me in my tedious quest,
Summon for me a hideous beast,
Unlike the rest!

All of a sudden, the blood began to flow towards the slit in Annor’s throat as the fluid re-entered into the sprite’s body. The fire flickered to a ghastly shade of lime with flames curling around the sprite like cords. After a fleeting second, Annor’s figure rose from the depths of the fiery inferno; a figure which had eyes with a startling white sclera and irises darker than the folds of night. 
“Rise Annor, may your undead life be at ease.” Aria ended her sentence with a low cackle of satisfaction.  
“What madness is this, Aria?” barked Vien, advancing to her side, “You cannot practice this witchcraft in the boundaries of Nebula. You know this rule and the consequences of disobeying it. This is no resurrection, this is purely evil!” 
He has no idea that I can even compel him to listen to my every command. The fool! And there he was hiding things from me. In time I shall empty his soul and receive answers. Aria thought, smiling inwardly. She looked into the demon’s startled eyes and placed a jeweled hand on his shoulder. “Do you think I am practicing forbidden witchcraft?” she questioned innocently with a hypnotizing smile, “I am merely restoring my leader. You should welcome her back.”
“Yes” replied Vien, purely in a trance which drew a tight expression from Iguana. “Welcome Annor.” Annor smiled revealing her pointed fangs and gave a little bow before Aria.
“Leave Annor, continue your assigned duties which have been cleared before your rebirth.” Aria gave a quick command and in accordance to it, the fiendish sprite exited the room. 
All the while Axhelius sat still, resembling a stone statue studying the sorcery of Aria, which in his conclusion was the greatest form of evil. His wide, amber eyes washed over her hard, piercing expression. He pitied those who had placed themselves against her and wondered what wonders her dark sorcery could create. I can feel Kashya as well. Was she revived in the aftermath of Aria’s magic? Axhelius thought, shuddering at the notion.
His contemplations were shattered by Aria’s voice. “Let’s go Axhelius, I need to retire.” Axhelius followed her as he always had, but unlike before this time he slightly hesitated though he did not know the reason. 
And he did not want to know it.

***

Raven flew; his feathers ruffling in the evening breeze and his eyes beheld the setting of the sun as the pink rays were ebbing away, leaving a shimmering imprint for a moment which then dissolved into the approaching darkness. The eagle was headed to the Council for yet another exchange of messages. 
However at this instant, his attention was diverted. In the diminishing sunlight he could outline a figure perched on the branch, with cyan eyes riveted towards him. Raven cautiously drew near and to his utter amazement it was an eagle, a female! It was the same eagle who had warned him of Aria on the night when he visited the Eagle’s Council. The bird remained silent as Raven settled down besides her; her eyes gentle and welcoming.  
She had a pure white down and stood magnificently over the branch with a hint of pride. Raven tentatively asked the eagle of her origin.
“Crescent,” was her instant reply, her voice resonating with firmness and solidarity. 
“The land of the elder eagles?” questioned Raven.
“Yes.” Her reply was again monotonous, “I am the daughter of the King.”
“King Vinyl? He is alive?” Raven’s disbelief was great for eagles were not immortals.
“Yes.” was again the answer he got. Raven then peered down for awhile and an uncomfortable silence settled between the two, enhancing the existing barriers of conversation. Eagles in the lore never trusted others of their kind and that triggered the downfall of the King of the Eagles, Ramseur and with him died all the ancient and wise of the tribe. 
“What is your name?” she asked, placing a question for the first time, her beak clicking in impatience.
“Raven, son of Kerfina” he said confidently, ruffling his feathers proudly. 
“Raven…I have finally located you. I am Sylvana,” she said. “I was sent from the tribe of the griffins, Titanarius.”
“Why?” inquired Raven narrowing his eyes, “The griffin leaders are hardly friendly with us eagles.”
“They are my allies as they have a debt to repay.” Sylvana clicked her beak again, “You must come with me.”
“I have to go someplace else. My master requested it,” rejected Raven. Or rather he was stalling.
“Where do you have to go?”
“To…to the High council.”
“Is it urgent?”
“It can wait but not for long.”
“Then come with me. We will return at sunrise.”
Raven then reluctantly followed the snowy eagle, Sylvana into the midst of the forest.















~ Chapter Seven ~


	Cyrillon crouched behind a tree, straining to perceive any sounds of an enemy. Pressing the side of his face on the wet ground, the hunter attempted to listen to nearby footsteps but none were to be heard. With the passing of time even the ground shivered in terror and that concealed the warning of an approaching adversary. Nevertheless, Cyrillon pushed the side of his head closer to the cold ground and focused his concentration but his efforts were futile. 
After a while, Cyrillon stood up and ventured further into the narrow strait between the dense woodland where the only sound heard was the sighing of the leaves. Then he stopped. A twig cracked and he could hear the flow of a cape on the dry grass. “Who is there?” Cyrillon asked, his deep voice menacing but soft as he fingered the hilt of his blade.
On receiving no answer, he positioned himself in a shadowed corner and lifted his sword in wait. Something rustled behind a towering bush and then stepped out a tall, lean figure; its brown cape whipping the sides of his long legs revealing a thick belt on which was attached a sharp scimitar. In its hand was a bow, apparently one of the crafts from Tyrendale and a quiver of arrows could be seen on his back. Cyrillon was mildly surprised at the bow so like his own but he eyed the figure with suspicion, not fooled by the attire of an Elentian. In these times one could not be careful enough.
Cyrillon immediately took action and stepped out, placing the blade of his sword on the figure’s slender neck. 
“Cyrillon?” inquired the figure, a startling edge to his masculine voice as he voiced the name with uncertainty. The muscles under the garment tensed.
“Who are you?” demanded Cyrillon, keeping his tone steady as he felt that this voice was of a friend.
“Remove the sword and I will show myself in the moonlit ground,” replied the figure, “I give you my word.”
Cyrillon hesitated slightly but removed the sword and shifted a step back. The figure treaded towards the pale moonlight and recognition streaked the Elentian’s face as he saw a young man of his own age, his dark hair loosely braided and tucked behind his ears scraping the shoulder. 
“Eurofir? Is it you?” asked Cyrillon, his eyes shining with pleasure as he eyed the man before him.
“Yes, my friend. It has been a long time since we have met.” Eurofir then advanced and the two embraced, exchanging warm greetings. The two had been inseparable friends from childhood and none knew to what place or lineage they belonged and therefore Eurofir bore proudly the name of Eurofir Mint’Aril given to him by his caretakers Helene Collin and Boris Jacana Collin who had given the Elentian a home and a life. Eurofir had recently disappeared for a few months to run an errand of King Luminon and now he had returned with no expression to reveal any of his previous engagements.
“What are you doing in Sevin Jungle?” 
Eurofir glanced at the surroundings warily and with discomfort, “I came in search of you.”
“I was sent to assist the Guardian. When I arrived she was deeply wounded by the Fire Guardian. I have disposed of that beast.” Cyrillon’s voice had dropped to a low tone.
“Is she alright?” asked Eurofir in alarm as he too had close ties of friendship with the Water Guardian. Cyrillon nodded and signaled Eurofir to come into the shadows where they would be concealed as the enemy had spies in the form of every beast. Cyrillon was particularly apprehensive, or rather disturbed by a black crow that was peering directly at him through the web of branches. However luck was with them as they remained concealed but if anyone looked closer, the moonlight filtering through the branches would reveal their faces and identities.
“What is wrong Eurofir?” Cyrillon had noticed the anxiety and panic on his friend’s face and knew that the Elentian had not come for some petty reason. 
“We must leave. I came to warn you.” The man’s voice was tight and his mouth was grim. 
“What about the firestone? The letter from Sacred Glove told of it being nearby.”
	“We will send the Annoxonum. There is greater danger elsewhere. I have foreseen dark shapes advancing the borders of Sacred Glove. I have informed the leaders of Tyrendale and the Annoxonum will be aided by a phoenix and a few archers according to Queen Arean. After all, I believe it is her task to retrieve it and redeem herself.” Eurofir said and noticing the raised eyebrow of his friend he added hastily, “I am aware of the situation Cyrillon. Don’t look at me like that. It is time to return to Tyrendale for a while. Aniah must lay low especially after the attempt to attack her.”
	“Then we must go back to her. She needs to be moved.” Cyrillon sped back to the river side, camouflaging in the swaying shadows of the trees along with Eurofir. As they ran, something followed; it was as if a dark shape was watching them, watching every move. 
	The crow had sighted them in their careless haste and now fluttered through the night to report to its master, The One who owned the Dark realms; the one known as the Shadow. 
	Cyrillon flipped to the side and motioned for Eurofir who cast a glance at the Guardian sleeping soundly, her feathery lashes in stark contrast with her flawless complexion. “She has gained a peaceful radiance over the year she has been away. It is good to see her again.”
	Cyrillon did not reply but wore a small smile as he placed Aniah’s weapons into her belt, “Go ahead slowly and take Khazdul, I’ll be coming.” Eurofir nodded and moved forward, tightening the hold on his bow as his lavender eyes scanned the perimeter for any sign of danger. 
	Cyrillon gently prodded Aniah awake, lifting her back from the ground. She opened her eyes wearily and jumped as she could smell a cold breath wash over her face. Aniah’s eyes snapped open and traveled to Cyrillon’s face searchingly, “What has happened?”
	“We must leave” he replied, taking her gloved hand to help her up. “Do not ask questions now.” 
	The two then walked on the same trail Eurofir had taken and in the matter of minutes, they neared the Elentian. “Guardian Aniah,” nodded Eurofir in greeting.
	Aniah gave a short bow of greeting in return but her face was etched an urgent expression as she saw alarm cloud Cyrillon’s features who stood apart eyeing the woods. A howl of the wolves intensified the tension between the trio and all stiffened visibly, clamminess settling around them.
	“We must proceed,” Aniah said mellifluously, “If I am not mistaken then the howls belong to the wolves of darkness, they will tear out the flesh of any aligned with good. It is rare that they emerge from the woods. I wonder what has caused them to reveal themselves openly.”
	“We shall think of this some other time Aniah. For now it is best if we make haste.” Cyrillon moved towards them with long strides, his eyes glimmering with anxiety at the Guardian’s condition.
	The three companions then disappeared into the dark mass of the forests to camouflage against the trees and strode towards the foothills where Eurofir had tethered his horse with Khazdul. 
As they approached, the two horses stood amid the expanse of dewy grass, grazing on the long plants. One was Khazdul and the other was the steed Glider, a moon-horse with the fine mane of beige, the ends of its hair silvering in the moonlight. 
Eurofir mounted Glider swiftly as Cyrillon hoisted Aniah on Khazdul before he climbed on the stallion. The two horses then sped into the heavy folds of darkness, their hooves thundering as the two galloped alongside streams and down steep slopes with their riders staring defiantly at the sooty darkness that engulfed the path. 
The horses darted over ridges bordered by willow trees and along the road hidden to all but the Elentian folk and the nobles of Sacred Glove as they had constructed this enchanted road known as the Path of Manos. Aniah glanced at the rotten leaves that had been strewed across the cracks in the path and regretted the sight for it was just one example of how an exquisite structure had deteriorated with time. 
On the path the horses suddenly reared high drawing a gasp from Aniah and muttered curses from the two Elentian folk. They gazed ahead of them and noticed a thin trembling figure all alone with mist surrounding it. Approaching cautiously, the company noticed a peddler with a supply of goods barring their path. Eurofir flared and trotted forward followed by Khazdul.
“Man, move out of my way!” demanded Eurofir angrily with a toss of his head. “You are not supposed to be on this road.”
“I am merely earning a living, young Master. Glory to the Light! What beauty walks this earth?” The last part was addressed to the Guardian and the man gave her a thin nasty grin and a scrutinizing look. He passed a hand over his oily hair and twirled the ends of his long mustache. His eyes were gazing at the sparkling jewel studded ring which was borne by the Guardian. He did not seem to recognize what it meant.
Cyrillon noticed the way the dealer watched Aniah’s ring with special interest and jumping down his stallion; he seized the man by the collar of his long coat and hauled him towards his face with flaming grey eyes. “Apologize.” 
The man’s large nose twitched as was released and upon seeing a muscle flex in Cyrillon’s hard jaw, he immediately muttered a low apology that did not meet his eyes as he gazed intently at the Guardian. His eyes swept over her as he stared at the beautiful jewel she wore on her finger. This would give great sums of money for many were willing to buy pure silver items. The smiled to himself thinking of all the riches he would enjoy if he laid hands on that intricate ring. Giving him a bitter look of contempt, Aniah turned her head sideways and stared at the road behind without purpose which drew a chuckle from the dark eyed fellow. 
The peddler then brandished two bottles of ale and waved them before the two men before him as Eurofir had also dismounted in anger. “May I interest you young Masters in any golden ale? I make it myself on my farm and it is very good indeed if I should say so myself.” Then noticing their hard expressions he made yet another feeble attempt to convince them to buy a packet of cards that had been brought from the western lands, three shining scarves which supposedly bore great importance in history and a golden goblet studded with gems which was imported across the vast seas. However throughout his dealings his eyes never lost sight of the jewel. It was an unnatural gem within the intricate carvings of silver and he wondered of the woman who bore it. 
“Nothing then, Masters. Very well…be on your way then and farewell,” muttered the man with frustration as he placed his possessions in a trunk and moved to the road sides. He passed a quick glance over the trio, his gaze lingering at the beautiful woman who sat over the brown stallion with an indifferent air. He wondered who she was so far from the shelter of the city and also wondered more of the handsome men who accompanied her. Maybe they were Shadow servers. The man shuddered, his heavy shoulders falling with a sigh. That name was one he feared greatly and in this night, it should not have even been thought of. Shaking his head and wetting his parched lips, determination soared through him to be acquainted with this woman, at least know who she was. Perhaps she could allow him to travel with them as his own horse had deserted him or at least give him a place in the city they were heading towards. It may too be filled with greater riches than what she wore. His eyes twinkled with greed. 
As the two men mounted on their respective steeds, Eurofir passed a sour look at the small fellow who stood on the green sides and this was returned with a mottled grin. Khazdul followed behind Glider in a single file but before they departed the company heard the man shuffling, and murmuring of the ring in a melodious voice.

‘This is but small a wonder, weighty in its sparkling hue. How I wonder whether the beauty of the ring will shine with me and make me a happy rich man that I ought to be. 
What small a wonder, what a beautiful gem. Will it come in my worn hands or will it remain on the woman so grand. I want the ring and riches beyond it; I want to sing of the riches of the kings. 
Gold coins will be at my feet while feathers will be tucked in my hair. Perhaps this road will take me to a palace or maybe to a gold rush but wherever I will go I will make the jewel a part of me’


 Aniah bit her tongue suppressing the curses which were collecting for the Guardians were restrained by the old codes to use harsh language unless it was absolutely necessary. She itched to reach out and slap his face. And slap it hard.
“My Lady, Forgive my insolence. I only meant to be friendly and I assure you that all I require is the kindness from you to allow me to accompany you. It is just a tiny request.” The scrawny man approached tentatively as Eurofir had turned and placed a hand on his bow. He reached the Guardian and placed a hand on her own which were rested on Khazdul. She grimaced and moved her fingers away but he tightened his hold on them feeling the cool metal under his bruised fingertips. 
“Please My Lady!” whined the peddler, tightening his grasp more till Aniah took in a sharp breath as she felt the ring sliding down. The jewel that she had treasured for so long would not be stolen with ease.
“Let go of my hand thief!” snapped Aniah though gritted teeth, “Do you even know what this ring even signifies?”  
“Tell me man, are you really a dealer as you say or a robber?” hissed Eurofir and he saw a flame lighten in the eyes of his friend.
“I am no robber! I am a poor man and if this lady is so arrogant to help me then I best be on my way.” The peddler grumbled and passed angry looks at the Guardian who was oblivious to his gaze. His eyes again went to the ring but he caught the other fellow on the russet stallion watching him. The man with the grey eyes, eyes which were rare. 
 “Then get gone,” said Cyrillon dryly his hand resting on the hilt of Luminon’s sword as a warning which sent the man scurrying. The horses then darted away with Aniah slightly hesitant of leaving for this man was dangerous and she did not want him to spread the word that the three had been roaming along the road at late night. How he knew of the Path of Manos was troubling but the way he ha studied them was disconcerting for it was rare for a company to be on a road in the late stretches of night. As for the ring, it was a jewel which was borne only by the Guardians. Anyone would know the significance of this jewel, this ring…anyone. She removed the ring from her finger and tied it to a thin chain which hung around her neck to keep it concealed from prying eyes. The Shadow would be aware of a threat rising as it had an unsettled feud with the Elentian folk and it may even discover the new entry into the City of Tyrendale as it had done centuries ago. Lord, please protect these people…protect them till the Shadow is…gone. She blinked fast to avoid tears and stabilized herself with support from Cyrillon’s tense shoulders. 
He felt her hand but said nothing as he controlled the galloping stallion.  His doubt over the peddler had washed away other difficulties which flooded back and he knew that Aniah was still in peril, although her wound was healing. The poison could still be in her veins. He was still slightly shocked by the anger shown by the Guardian and was afraid that she would reveal her identity to that so-called peddler. But that she was wise enough not to do. Before the two Eurofir cursed himself for delaying their time, blaming the peddler’s actions all on himself. He should have cut open his head and thrown away his brain to be eaten by the crows. Then the Elentian frowned as he remembered that he had noticed several crows watching them form the treetops, their eyes cold and menacing. He knew they were spies of the Shadow and this realization gave him greater speed on the coarse ground. 
Along the Path of Manos, Glider blended amongst the trees like a white blur followed by the sturdy Khazdul, who rampaged towards the city of the Elentians, Tyrendocramius. After the crossing of the shallow edges of River Maethel and scurrying across the ravines and dips in the valley, the company neared the looming fortresses and the light specked city not wasting time to admire its splendor.  

The three dismounted and walked up the intricate bridge which led to the fortress of the Elentian-lords, their footsteps echoing and mingling with the soft gurgling of the stream below. Eurofir led the rest into the enchanted woods, where on the overhanging branches dozen of gem-like stars could be seen. These stars were said to be young maidens singing of the old days before the beginning of times and of great nobles of the northern lands. However, in their childhood, Cyrillon and Eurofir had encountered these so-called maidens and with much disappointment found that these were just crystalline lamps filled with the water of the river which twinkled in the moonlight. Cyrillon smiled as he passed the shimmering trees as memories washed over him of the untroubled times he spent in these lands with his friends. He shook his head and strode quickly to catch up with the other two.
They neared an opening and an Elentian-guard approached cautiously but upon seeing Cyrillon, he bent in respect. Cyrillon laid a hand on the guard’s shoulder, instructing the Elentian to rise and greet him as a comrade. He never liked the way the he was treated as if he were a king. 
They were taken to the throne of the Royals, situated across the woods. Sinardin sat on a bed touching the forehead of a young woman suffering with a high fever and Luminon stood conversing with apparently the parents of the girl, assuring them of their child’s good health. The queen was adorned in the usual pale blue robes which fell down her ankles and her silver hair were topped with an intricate headdress while in her jeweled hands she held several herbs to concentrate on healing. Luminon had his hair fastened with an ornament and a wiry sash was tightened around his flowing robes of brown. Upon noticing the trio, Luminon bade farewell to the anxious parents and signaled to his wife telling her who had arrived.
“Cyrillon?” asked Sinardin as she rose from the side of the bed, “What is wrong?”
	“Your highness, I collected the two and brought them here,” responded Eurofir looking at the moaning girl pitifully.
	“The two?” asked Luminon and when he saw Aniah silhouetted in the shadows, “Ah…the Guardian.”
	Sinardin called for Aniah and embraced the woman. “You are injured with a deadly poison. You must go and be tended to for I am busy.” Her gaze trailed to the woman who was panting and looking at the Guardian with red puffy eyes, pleading eyes. 
	“Queen Sinardin, Cyrillon has dressed my wound. I do not require more medicines and do not ask for it. I may help with this girl if you wish.” Aniah felt sorry for the young girl for she was suffering from the common fever although now it was no insignificant disease. It usually caused death if not contained immediately.
	“No…my dear, you must rest. You are weak.” Sinardin sent for a healer who arrived promptly and urged Aniah to go with the lady dressed in green. The latter reluctantly followed the Elentian healer to her room with a backward glance at the now screaming woman who threw off the thick blankets and flailed her arms in a wild craze. 
	“Eurofir and Cyrillon, both of you must complete your sleep as fatigue is conquering your senses.” Luminon eyed the two who were struggling against the overwhelming slumber, “We will see you in the morning.” 
	“Yes Father.” Cyrillon embraced Luminon and the latter beamed at the man who had he had raised from a tender age.
The friends departed discussing the behavior of that lone peddler leaving the elders to engage in their own conversation. “We must reveal the truth to Cyrillon. The time has come.” Sinardin looked at her husband, her eyes downcast with sadness and then she hurried to the young girl followed by Luminon.
“We shall inform him tomorrow as the Collin family will tell Eurofir as well,” replied King Luminon dejectedly, gazing at the fading figures of the two friends. “I would have had this secret buried with my death but soon he will need to journey to his own lands. In the oncoming war Eurofir and Cyrillon will be needed.”
“I just hope Cyrillon understands the truth and forgives us…”  Sinardin muttered as she dabbed the girl’s forehead with cold water.
Luminon just sighed and put a hand on the shoulder of his wife, his eyes clouded with grief. 

***

Ching sat petrified on the stool studying the emerald and its unique abilities, his eyes transfixed on the symbolic representation at the polished surface. Besides him was a thick pile of ancient, leather bound books and before him were the two sleepy faces of Xia and Julian who grumbled angrily. Four hours had peeled away and now it was late at night, the clock striking twelve. They had been sitting for all that time watching as Ching referred to his library of books. Xia was glad that she only received mild rebuke from her grandfather for not informing her of his discovery for he believed the stone to be the Earth stone but he was not sure. Finally, Ching exclaimed as he pointed to a hand written passage in the margins of an antediluvian book, which he read out aloud.
“Alongside the firestone and the water stone, the King Annox forged another gem called the earth stone. They could easily vanquish evil beings if placed in the Altar of Icarus and could restore peace but at a terrible cost. The minds of creatures would be enslaved to the power.
The elemental stone was formed by positioning the three in the altar and it was a great artifact. However for this ritual the blood of all three guardians was required. Legend tells that the formation of this stone was an evil omen and along eradicating the earth’s creatures, the possessor could gain innumerable powers. For this reason, the mages scattered the stones to the farthest corners of the earth and laid them in trust of the Guardians.”

The two girls ogled at Ching with open mouths and wide eyes. “This is so cool…there is also an earth stone!” exclaimed Xia and glanced excitedly at Julian. “So you were right after all, Grandpa!”
“But isn’t the firestone the main one?” asked Julian, returning Xia’s glance, her heart throbbing with anticipation for the possession of another stone put them at a considerable advantage against the forces of the Sorceress.
“Yes,” answered Ching, “The firestone forms the core of the elemental stone. It is the hardest to obtain as well for it is so heavily guarded.”
“But Aniah said that the water stone was destroyed…” murmured Xia.
“I think there is a greater meaning to the stones than meets our eye. The Elders could have restored it or maybe that was an illusion. All think differently of the fate of the stone. Maybe Aniah did not know of it then.” Ching’s reply was grave as he rummaged through more parched pages of the book. “The place where you found this stone, where is it?”
“It was in a leather bag…near a rock” said Xia, searching her memory by tapping her forehead. “I even saw…”
“Ching, what if it belonged to the Earth Guardian.” Julian interrupted and gazed expectantly at the old man in front of her.
“That is my perception however I am not sure but we will need to recover the firestone.” Ching’s reply was directed to the Annoxonum, “I will ask the council for further information of where we are supposed to search if Raven ever gets back.”
He sighed and the lines on his face grew deeper, revealing his extreme weariness. Xia almost felt sorry for him for she knew he was mainly concerned for her. Ching drew out a small wooden box from his rusty cabinets with a gold inscription on its abrasive surface. He peered inside and then a small smile lit his face as he pulled out a roll of parchment from within. He replaced the papers with the earth stone and locked the container in a rusty cabinet. 
“What is the inscription?” asked the young Magicka eyeing the gold lettering consisting of weird shapes and a cross work of lines.
	“May it be protected and safe guarded from evil. I brought this box for the firestone long time back and it had come to use now,” answered Ching as he looked through the sheets of parchment, “The carving is in runic script.”
	He shoved the parchment to Xia, who narrowed her eyes at it strangely before opening it, her fingers tingling under the coarse surface of the sheet. Her lips parted in surprise as she scanned the elegant writing and then she gave it to Julian, who shared the same surprise as she read it.

Dated 10th century onwards…
900, Month of autumn in the palace of Annox


   Great evil is stirring in the dark forests of Tyrendale (Tyrendocramius) though we do not know its source. The raid at the fortress of Nebula was quite unsuccessful for nothing was discovered and we lost a hundred warriors.
   It was three years back I forged the three stones and yet I have not kept a record of their powers, legends and the secrets which accompany them. I shall however not disclose the formation of them for that information will die with me lest it falls in the wrong hands. The following are the various powers of these priceless gems forged in the pits of my kingdom.
   The firestone, the most powerful of the three, was formed with the sole purpose of utilizing the deadly fire not for destruction but for restoration. It forms the core of the elemental stone, another magical stone which I shall describe later. This stone if not used correctly or with evil intention can easily wipe out the very foundations of the earth.
   The water stone can restore life to the dead earth, counter the fire and is also a source of light when all is engulfed in the darkness of ignorance. It is a powerful stone which deals with the water and weather. It can cause the tide of the ocean to rise, create huge waves, create thunderstorms, hurricanes and can change the very fundamentals of the masses of water. 
   Now, lastly is the earth stone which controls nature and has the power to influence evil creatures to align with the side of truth. However the bearer must have the blood of a predator flowing in their veins to control this enchanted stones powers. It can command earthquakes, violent tremors, landslides, dust storms and the beings of both night and day.
   At least now I have explained the true purpose of the stones and maybe in my later journal recordings, I may be able to explain the elemental stone and the swords in which the essence of the stones is bound. It is my earnest wish that the bearers accept their immense responsibility with a good heart and not think of it as a burden of any sort. Especially for the Annoxonum, my selected descendants, they are the Chosen and it is their fate for they are the most able and dependable. 

I am laying my pen to rest awhile and shall write again if it is urgent for I no longer possess the strength of my youth to do extensive hours of work.

                                                                                                               
King Tricarius Annox,
Crystal Kingdom,
83 years and 2 months 

             

	Xia crunched her apple piece noisily as Julian finished off the script and then raised an eyebrow at Ching, “So we have the journal of Annox, huh?”
	“Yes,” Ching ran his hands over his threadbare robes and twirled his beard, “The High Council has the whole Annox Journal while I possess only a trifle.”
	Julian nodded as she took a piece of apple from Xia’s hand. “Very comprehensive this King is. Other entries would be useful though.”	
“This king is kind of old…I mean very old. I wouldn’t have been surprised if he had got bored of his life and then had made the stones to perk things up.” Xia yawned widely and grinned as Ching gave her a reproving glance as he began to give a comprehensive lecture on respect. Julian looked between the two with amusement, clearly enjoying the grandfatherly talk that was soon to come. Whenever Ching scolded them, they both burst out laughing and he just became more infuriated till he gave up on them completely though at times he was serious.
	A knock then distracted them from their conversation and Ching hurried to open the door as Xia got up in surprise at who would come to the cave at this unearthly hour. A small hooded figure floated inside and strode to the fireplace with great haste before Ching could stop it. 
“Who are you?” demanded Xia angrily, “And didn’t anyone teach you that it’s rude to enter uninvited?”
The creature lowered the hood and smiled, displaying its pointed fangs stained with fresh blood, which oozed from the corners and dripped on its thin lips. Its angry eyes narrowed menacingly. 
“I’ve come to kill you!” It snarled and instantly lunged at Xia, pummeling her into the ground. Ching dashed and drew out his long staff while Julian opened her pocket spell book. However these efforts were futile as both forms of magic did not harm the creature aiming for Xia’s neck. The two spell-casters were pushed back to the wall with incredible force and all they could do was watch with horrified eyes as the creature had possessed control over their limbs. 
Xia groaned and clutched the creature’s shoulders pulling it away from her but its strength was amazing for its fragile body. Finally, mustering all her strength, Xia grabbed the kitchen knife which she was using to cut the apple and slashed the beast’s neck. She then did a backward flip all the while clutching at the creature’s long hair and smashed it against the stony cave wall. The creature struggled and snapped its jaws at the Annoxonum. Leveling the knife to throat, Xia whispered ominously. “Release my friends.”
Both Ching and Julian fell to he ground, drained of energy and unable to practice magic so Xia was alone. “Who do you work for…tell me or I will slit your throat!” The Annoxonum pushed the blade into the creature’s skin and it screamed with pain and terror. 
“Aria did! She sent me to assassinate you!” gasped the creature, “I am her sprite slave Annor.”
This is a sprite, thought Xia shocked to see this creature in this deformed state and was tempted to ask what had happened to her. “Aren’t sprites supposed to be pretty with shiny blue wings and roses in their hair?” It was sarcasm and Xia knew it but then she felt only anger for this creature and for all those aligned with the sorceress.
“My queen Aria resurrected me into this fiend,” croaked Annor watching the unfathomable eyes of the Annoxonum with huge pools of silver as she pleaded through her gaze.
	By this time, Ching struggled towards Xia, panting. He then pulled Annor’s hair and asked, “What are Aria’s plans?”
“I do not know!” she wailed in agony. 
“Now!” roared Ching furiously, pulling harder on the fibrils of hair.
“S-she wants to attack S-sacred Glove,” stammered Annor, “That is all I know of and she also is allies with demons.”
“King Vien?” questioned Ching, withdrawing his hand from her blond hair and did not bother to throw the few that he had ripped out with his hands. 
“Yes!” shrieked Annor, “Him!”
	“Thank you Annor for your assistance, Julian!” called Ching as he removed Xia’s blade from the heart of the fairy and Julian chanted a spell. Annor’s wailing body was separated from her peaceful spirit, which soared up into the air like a wraith and faded away.  
	“Send the body back to that witch and we should inform Sacred Glove of the attack,” said Xia vehemently, “In the mean while we should retrieve the firestone. By the way who’s Vien?”
	“A man who turned corrupt…very corrupt,” muttered Ching with a heavy guilt and he avoided Xia’s gaze, “Now both of you go and get some sleep, it’s after midnight. I’ll get rid of the body.”
	Why is grandpa hiding something? Xia walked away with a troubled expression and as she turned from the staircase, she saw Ching standing by the fireplace. What shocked her was the tear that rolled down his face. 
	Xia stood a moment longer as her eyes watered at the sight of Ching and she then ran up the steps unable to take more.

***

	Night had descended over Nebula and the howls of the wolves grew stronger, as a hungry pack drew closer to the castle, towards Aria and Vien. The leader of the pack advanced and snarled, snapping its jaws.
	“You have come. I am glad you are not angry of the canceling of instructions,” smiled Aria, “Wait here till I return.” Then turning swiftly she padded into the castle with Vien, heading in the direction of an isolated room and the demon looked at her with a perturbed expression trying to fathom what she was planning. She spoke only when the halls were empty of the guards.
	“I am preparing for an attack on Sacred Glove with the help of the fallen wolves,” announced Aria, “I need the aid of your tremendous forces.”
“Attack?” questioned Vien, surprised. “Why?”
	“To weaken the strongholds so that acquiring the other stones will be easier. I need to engage the forces and the Guardian for I have to retrieve the stones without their gaze on us.”
	“Aria…this is serious…do you know the layout of Sacred Glove?” asked Vien, rubbing a finger on his neck. “Our armies cannot attack if they do not know the inside out of the city.”
	“Yes…my wolves have scouted the area,” she replied and an orb appeared. Within the clear mist was the entire structure of Sacred Glove complete with all the towers and pillars that guarded it. “I have a scheme Vien. We will, that is the wolves and a legion of fairies, attack the Sacred Glove frontier to divert their attention. Iguana and the demon force can journey behind and ambush the Elentian army. This will give me time to retrieve the water stone and as Annor will kill the Annoxonum, the firestone will be mine as I have repeated many times.” Aria’s voice was low and steady as she outlined her plan, “What is your answer? Are you with me?”
	Vien stood stunned at the perfectly chalked out strategy and then breaking out of his momentary trance, he gave his approval. A blue flame lightened the eyes of the sorceress who went to the wolves quickly.	“Rally the sprites and attack the Sacred Glove at my signal,” ordered Aria, “You will see it in the sky.”	The pack then trotted away to the large mass of assembled fairies and the two armies, together plunged towards sacred glove at full speed. 
	Vien just then emerged, Iguana by his side who swept a furious gaze at Aria before turning to his King. “Iguana, take the demon forces to the rear of Sacred Glove, at the borders of Tyrendocramius. Assault them only when half the army of sprites is destroyed. I will await the news of victory with anticipation.”
	“You will have your victory my King. I will leave at once.” Iguana glanced at Aria with contempt and strode away, the armor clinking heavily.
	Both the rulers stood staring at the misty mountains from where they could perceive the tip of the Sacred Glove’s fortress, with its towers gleaming in the moon which waxed and waned in the midnight sky. 
	
***

	Raven and Sylvana arrived to the Land of the Griffins and soared towards the congregation of the leaders. 
	“Sylvana… and Raven” said the Griffin King, “Settle down, we have urgent news. Raven as you must know we do not align ourselves with your kind but the situation is changing.”
“What has happened?”
“Raven…have you seen the earth stone?” inquired Sylvana. “It was protected by the Earth Guardian who has disappeared.”
“No,” was the abrupt reply of Raven, who eyed the Griffin King with mistrust.
“Well then we need both of you to locate the Guardian as only she can feel its presence.” The Griffin King ruffled his glossy feathers and his crimson eyes penetrated through the eagles before him.
“Raven has to go some place else on urgent business.” Sylvana put in hastily recalling her word to Raven.
“When you are over with your task then Sylvana and you will journey into Ohtar, the Firewoods and there you will search.” There was no mistaking that this was not a request it was an order form the King. “Leave…” 
Both the eagles nodded as they took flight in the direction of the High Council, towards the southern end. Raven was troubled at the sudden alliance between the two tribes and it just was a sign of the changing of times; a sign of the approaching showdown between the forces of good and evil.























~ Chapter Eight ~



	Morning came to Tyrendale washing over the marble pillars, sweeping over the bronze statues of the old Elentian heroes bordered by autumn trees and finally rippling through the palace of the Royal Elentian Lords. 
The lake behind the trees shimmered like a quartz crystal, the sunlight forming mosaic patterns on its smooth surface enhancing its splendor. Milky swans floated on the still waters and in their wake were gentle ripples which touched even the exotic flowers on the farthest end of the bank. 
Besides the lake stood a beautiful building made of glistening marble and wrought iron was twisted into swiveling shapes on the gate. The trees surrounding it gave off a supernatural white light and that area possessed a mysterious aura. This was Silver Myr, a striking structure in an exotic city.
The interior of the building was characterized with marble floors and was illuminated by huge glass panes. Statues of iron nominally dotted the enclosure, the rust on them sprinkling to the ground to form flaky mounds. Within the heart of this vicinity stood Cyrillon, dressed in his usual attire except the weaponry was not present. Along side him were Queen Sinardin and King Luminon, each appearing grave and disturbed. 
“Why have you called me?” questioned Cyrillon, gazing intently at the two before him.
“Amin merna quen,” answered Sinardin in her native language, the language of the Elentian Folk.
“Mani marte?” asked Cyrillon in the same tongue, resting a hand on a cool marble pillar; his eyes had darkened with anxiety for the two were acting strange. 
“What we are about to tell you is important,” said Luminon placing a hand on Cyrillon’s shoulders, “Listen carefully.”
“Cyrillon, you may have wondered of your lineage and why we have been hiding it from you. Please forgive us. You are the son of Demetrius, the great warrior of the Elentian Knights and a great commander. He passed away in a campaign against the bloodhounds which was arranged by us as we were blinded with the greed for power and your mother, Queen Maya died of grief. We took you as our son, to bring up till you had reached manhood and now you have a place in the hearts of all Elentians. Cyrillon, you are the son of an exceptional man, you are an Elentian knight.” Sinardin spoke without stopping and she watched the coldness in the eyes of Cyrillon with apprehension.
“Amin hiraetha…” said Luminon his mouth thin and solemn, “Please understand. We did what he had to and you will do what you must.”
“Cyrillon we only did this to repent for our sin for murdering your father and now you are the last hope of uniting the disputed territories of the Elentian Knights and making us once again into a formidable force,” said Sinardin, her eyes shining with remorse, “If you wish to travel east, to the stronghold of the Elentian Knights, it can be arranged and Cyrillon and the stone container at the corner is for you. It was a gift from your parents when you were born to be given to you when you reach of age. And Cyrillon, Eurofir Mint’Aril will wish to travel with you as he too is a descendant of the knights, he is the son of Zerus. ”
“I will take my place with them but know this that this is the end of any relation between the Elentian Lords and me. I will do this to honor my betrayed father.”
At hearing his answer, the couple smiled sadly and drifted out hand in hand, their hearts overwhelming with a sorrow that they had to part with this man who had taken a significant place in their hearts. It pained them to see his coldness but knew it was inevitable and he would get over the hatred soon. 
Cyrillon watched them walk away, his tear glazed eyes focused on their retreating shapes. The hollowness in his soul was filled as now the true light of his ancestry had been revealed to him but at a terrible price as now he despised those who had raised him, who he had trusted as his parents. Despite that they had blackened his world; Cyrillon forgave them eradicating the piercing shards of betrayal which had struck his heart. Cyrillon then placed a hand on his head, his gaze falling to the ground as he blinked back the sudden tears which threatened to break loose. Collecting his self-control, the man strode towards the corner of Silver Myr, towards the stone container which Sinardin had mentioned. He wiped away the ancient dust from the granular surface. His eyes caught a silver plate which shone in the light which streamed through the windows. Quickly rubbing off the coat of dirt from the top, Cyrillon read the engraved words:
For our son Cyrillon,
These will guide you in your life’s journey…
Yours always,
 Demetrius and Maya 

Underneath the plate was a small structure. It was an intricate lock only to be opened by a special key. Cyrillon glanced at the amethyst ring he had borne ever since he could recall. It was shaped as the lock and it fitted perfectly when Cyrillon inserted the jewel. As Cyrillon slid off the lid from the box, blinding flashes of light escaped from within which faded away after contact with air. His eyes widened, illuminating visibly. The container was inlaid with a velvet material and in it was a beautiful bow; with an exquisite design imprinted on the wood and the string stronger than even the finest Elentian bows. Adjacent to it was a long object wrapped in gauzy azure cloth. Cyrillon drew the item out and the cloth floated to the floor, revealing a long sword; the hilt had the shape of a dragon and as the bow, there was gold inscription on the smooth blade in runic script. It said the ‘Sword Durandel’. Cyrillon stroked the sword in awe and held it out in the sunlight, witnessing the true glory of the object which he clutched. He had heard the rumors of this sword from many and that it belong to a mighty soldier of the past. Now he knew that he was the son of this commander and as his father had died for his people, Cyrillon would aid them till his quest claimed his life. Attaching the sword on his belt, Cyrillon draped the bow in the cloth and left the building to meet Eurofir for he was sure that his friend had too been told of his heredity. Besides this Cyrillon also wanted to gift him the bow and he wanted to return the Jade-Silver sword to Luminon.
He never noticed the darkness that fell over the tomb and the container shut tight behind him, the writing fading immediately as if rubbed off by an invisible power. The interior of the tomb grew cold and chilly in the faint darkness which had touched the essence of Silver Myr.

***
	Ching rummaged through his trunk and removed some accessories while Xia and Julian prepared for departure. The High Council had informed the Annoxonum of where she was to journey as there had been a sighting of the stone within the cave. Xia had placed the dagger she owned in the belt of her leather pants and fixed the necklace Julian had given her over her black and blue leather outfit. She had even stuck a stiletto in her thigh boot incase of an emergency. Julian glanced at Xia with appreciation as she tied up her long hair. The Magicka then strapped a pouch across her waist which contained all sorts of magical items and with it was a small blade. 
	Finally the three were equipped and they emerged out in the open to say farewell as quickly as possible so as not to delay their task. Asra and Adam each hugged their daughters and the former embraced Ching with a tear streaked face, wondering how she could endure the continuous threats to her daughter’s life. “Promise that you will keep my child safe.” Asra whispered gently her face glowing with fear. She had lost much and she could not bear to lose Xia.
	“I promise” replied Ching stroking her silky hair for a while before letting go. His eyes were outlined with dark circles as he stared at his daughter’s solemn face and admired the strength she showed to everyone never letting Xia see the torrent of emotions she went through.
	
Then from the misty air flew a large phoenix, its feathers blazing red-gold as the scorching sun and in its wake were six white horses, cantering forwards with their riders. 
	The leader, an Elentian like the rest, dismounted from the horse swiftly and greeted Ching. “We must make haste.”
	“Yes…this is the Annoxonum and Magicka,” pointing out the two girls to the rider.
	“I am honored by your presence,” said the Elentian horseman before mounting his horse again, “My fellow men and I are here to assist you on your quest. I hope all ends well.”
“Thank you,” said Xia softly and then looked at the phoenix with awe at the magnificent bird. It was one thing reading about mythical characters but it was another to actually see them in reality. First dragons and now phoenixes, Xia could only imagine what else she would witness with the time she spent in the Magic Plains.
	“Annoxonum, I am Fiona, of Sacred Glove. Climb on my back and your journey will be swift.” Fiona’s golden eyes flickered as her voice reverberated with command and leadership.	The three then climbed on the phoenix’s back, between the fiery wings and Xia marveled to herself at her luck. I guess I am the only teenage girl who has had the chance to ride on a phoenix besides Julian, thought Xia. She waved her last good-bye with teary eyes before being lifted up, feeling the excitement of flying as they soared off. 
	“Do you think they’ll make it?” asked Adam anxiously.
“I know they will,” smiled Asra, “They are our daughters.” 

A grey wolf stood nearby, under the shadowy trees and it gazed at the phoenix until it was out of sight. Determined to keep watch over the Annoxonum, this anonymous wolf bounded towards the direction the phoenix had disappeared.

***
Aria stood at the doorway of the Fortress of Nebula, staring at the blazing sun without blinking as the wind teased the ends of her scarlet robes.
“Axhelius!” she called and after a while, there came the panther, the ends of his black coat becoming golden in the sun’s harsh glare. 
“Yes Aria?” Axhelius glanced at her with frosty eyes as he awaited another set of instructions.
“The Annoxonum has departed and Annor is probably dead. Follow her. Make sure she is killed and bring back the firestone flawless.” She laid a hand on the head of the panther that though she was stroking him but in reality Aria was removing any sense of good he still had left, at least for a while till he finished her task. She cleansed his mind of all sense and filled with the darkest of evils. It would not last long but it would last long enough for him to kill the Annoxonum and whoever had the stone. 
“Yes,” whispered Axhelius as he trotted on the grounds of Nebula, gaining velocity as he exited the gates of Nebula. 
Aria smiled wickedly and then walked towards Vien’s quarter with an immoral purpose. Her fists knocked on the door, “Vien, Open this door!”
The demon’s face emerged angrily and he snapped “I’m busy!”
Aria pushed anyway, entering through the doorway and flopping on the unmade bed, she signaled Vien to join her. Vien grumpily snarled and sat next to the sorceress. 
“We will journey to Etna, Vien.” Aria glanced at his shocked expression with a smile and then gave the reason of her demand, “The water stone has been restored there by the powers of the elders as my spies report.”
“You always tell me of your spies? I haven’t seen them around.” Vien looked at her questioningly.
“That is not your concern Vien. Just give me an answer,” replied Aria curtly with ill –concealed irritation at the inquisitive demon. 
“It will take a few weeks,” answered Vien slowly, “The road to Etna is difficult and harsh.”
“I wish to depart today.” 
“Impossible,” he said, his voice filled with ridicule at the thought of traveling to an unknown mountainous land with no preparation. He did not trust these spies of the sorceress.
“Make it possible.” Aria said in an acidly sweet voice, her eyes glittering with silent anger at his refusal and he noticed the look she gave him.
“Yes, My Lady. I will do as you ask.” 
“Thank you.” Aria pecked the demon on the forehead as she walked away, scarlet cloth trailing behind her. 
Vien stared at her separating figure and then went to gear up for Etna, his naïveté causing curiosity to arise in all the demon guards as well as suspicion for the sorceress, as they did not trust her. I am acting strange and my forces do not know why, the funny thing is neither do I. Vien sighed and trailed after the witch, a fake smile plastered on his face.  

“I think she is bewitching him,” said one of them in a guttural accent.
“Or worse…she may be clouding his perception,” replied another, voice thick with rage.
“Quiet! He’s coming,” said the former guard as he repositioned himself.
Vien strolled in, holding Aria’s hand and in his eyes was defeat which filled the demons with loath for the sorceress. 
“I hate that witch!” scowled one when the leaders was out of earshot, however Aria heard and the moment the demon said that he toppled to the floor dead. The other demons glanced at each other, remaining in their positions as they were fearful of the consequences of disobeying Death Wind. The two leaders, stood on the steps as the goblins brought forward two Nightmares, their flaming tails swishing and crimson eyes glinting excitedly. Their bony black wings hung on either side, ready for flight. Aria and Vien mounted the horses without a word and they flew north towards Etna passing the great mountains of Ragnar; towards the Home of the water stone but greater danger awaited them for the route to this region was barred by fearsome tribes of malicious creatures besides the dragon.
***

Iguana was nearing the rear of Sacred Glove, at the gates of Tyrendocramius and he signaled to a cluster of demonic forces to remain in the shade of the trees as the Elentian folk had long sight and could detect small signs of movement from afar. 
“We must attack at night. It’s our only chance to enter undetected,” grunted a demon warrior clad in chain mail, clutching a bronze spear. “The forces need to rest after the three day march.” 
“We must wait till the sorceress’s army is engaged in battle.” Iguana was stern and rigid. “You may rest in the mean time. I do not want staggering half wits on the battle field and we must maintain the edge the forces of the sorceress give us.”
“I don’t trust the sorceress,” stated the same soldier.
Iguana gazed at him coldly with a harsh expression, causing the soldier to flinch. “Sire? Is something wrong?”
“Soldier, I believe trust is no longer a factor. We all know Death Wind is using us to meet her purpose but not a word of it will be spoken,” replied Iguana heatedly. Then he detected a sound and thrusting his hand up in the tree, he brought down an Elentian archer to the ground.
“A spy!” spat a soldier, “Kill him!”
“No!” exclaimed Iguana and then gave an unpleasant, crooked grin to the bewildered but resolute Elentian. “He will lead us in safely.” This statement was followed by chuckles of approval from the demon forces.
“Never!” hissed the archer.
Iguana just nodded and then retreated to the shade of the swaying trees hauling the man with him. “We shall see.”

~ Chapter Nine ~



Sylvana and Raven soared along the woods, searching every corner for the Earth Guardian but it was futile as there was no trace of her. All they had discovered was that within the Firewood of Ohtar there was a small segregated land, known as Calcaria, which was the home of the earth stone. According to the other creatures of the sky, this land was shielded by a green dragon called Cardiff whose name was feared throughout the woodland. 
“I have to go to the Council and update them on our findings.” Raven flapped his wings heavily as he was growing weary of this endless search.
“Alright, however you must return to the Griffin Council at once,” replied the snowy eagle urgently, “I shall inform them on what we have unearthed during our search.”
“I shall be back before dark,” answered Raven and the two partners split their directions, heading towards their respective locations under the folds of darkness.

Raven finally reached the High Council and he related the message to he caretaker who understood eagle-tongue. This burly man translated it to the priestess Melodia who listened with an impassive expression. Then Raven was told to fly off as he was probably needed else where and the eagle swiftly escalated to the Griffin Land, his wings moving fluidly in the gale of wind.
The priestess then dashed towards the Council Room to relay the message to the other members, namely Arak and Alfa whose impatience for information was clear. 
“So…the earth stone is also present along with the firestone. However it is curious that the others exist while the water stone does not,” uttered Alfa, stroking his wispy beard. 
“If I may sir Alfa,” interjected Arak, “if the water stone had been destroyed there would be no need for a Guardian. I believe the destruction was merely an illusion Klamath created for a purpose.”
“Yes Arak is right,” said Melodia, “Aniah is alive for a reason. She may know of the fate of the water stone better than us.”
“Where does the water stone exist?” asked Alfa, clearly interested in this new notion.
“I do not know for sure sire, I believe it had been kept in Etna when the mages ordered their separation from the Kingdom of Annox,” voiced Melodia, uncertainty in her voice.
“It is in Etna, guarded by the Ice-dragon Typhon,” confirmed Arak, passing a small smile to the woman. She tugged at the long silver braid which hung behind her and gave a nervous grin, then smoothed her robes of grey. Arak noticed her troubled eyes; with locked away grief and fear behind mirrors. It made him realize that they were a reflection of his own feelings. He turned his attention back to Arak who watched the two with grave eyes.
“Then dispatch a message to the dragon to give the stone to none but the Guardian,” ordered Alfa, “I have a feeling that Aria is plotting to steal this stone first. The Shadow may too be stirring. It will soon come and we need to be prepared.”

***

Raven reached the Griffin stronghold and there he spotted Sylvana perched besides an ancient eagle who he figured as King Vinyl, the glorious one. Among the other eagles were Servin and Kerfina representing Raven’s tribe. 
Settling on the lowest branch, Raven joined the rest of the eagles in this prestigious gathering where there was hope of reconciliation between the races of eagle and Griffin, a feat that had not been achieved in many centuries. 
The Griffin King commenced the meeting with a screech. “Creatures behold! Sylvana and Raven have found Calcaria and the one who watches over it, the green dragon Cardiff.” 
“Green dragon?” asked Kerfina with a concerned glance in her son’s direction.
“Yes, the creatures of the sky told us of him,” replied Raven returning a reassuring glance to his mother, “However only the Guardian can confront it.”
“Where is the Guardian?” asked Servin and Vinyl at once.
“We do not know. Raven tells me that the earth stone has been recovered by the Annoxonum,” replied Sylvana hurriedly, “the Fire Guardian is also being revived. She’s been wounded enough and now we shall ask the High Council to keep her in their walls till the time comes.”
“Good,” said Vinyl “although her heart is corrupted perhaps we can negotiate for a short-term settlement. We will need all the powers of the Guardians to stop the wicked plot of Aria, what so ever it may be.”
“I believe that she will form the elemental stone” the Griffin King put in gruffly and the others nodded in agreement. A deep silence washed over the Council and all gazed at one another strangely, remembering the horrors of the past.
“Aria is not the only one to fear now,” said Sylvana, her eyes shadowed with a murky darkness as Raven glanced at her with a puzzled expression. “The Shadow is rising.”
“It is now time to act before the world is again engulfed with the dark sorcery as it once was because of the evil sorceress, Zoulga. Sylvana speaks true and we must prepare ourselves before the Shadow awakes.” Servin’s revelation was truthful and a click of approval came from Vinyl, who had started taking a liking to this wise eagle.
“Raven and Sylvana will now search afar for the Earth Guardian. I will personally oversee the Fire Guardian’s transfer to the High Council while Kerfina will emphasize on the protection of the Water Guardian to the leaders of Tyrendale. Vinyl and Servin cooperate and scout areas far and wide except Nebula, for that is where Aria is resting and we cannot alert her suspicions against us especially since we still have to worry of the Shadow. It may be warned of our searching. It cannot be stirred. I will meet with the creatures of Sacred Glove and Queen Arean to discuss strategies.” 
The Griffin King looked at those before him, watching as they all intently listened to their orders. “Meeting is now dismissed.”
All the eagles flew away with great speed to fulfill their objectives and prepare against the evil which was flooding the earth.

***

The night had descended and the sun was again under the huge hills, but this night was unlike the rest: it was filled with fear, foreboding of the dark magic to come. At the arrival of Ching’s message, the city of Tyrendale and Sacred Glove were being fortified for the attack of Aria, while scouts roamed the outskirts for any sign of danger.
The dusting of stars shone a heavenly light on the plains but it could not penetrate the thick ambiance of dread. Every crevice and dip in the land was shadowed and the trees even whistled with haunting words. 
Cyrillon and Eurofir stood together, on the bridge before the Fortress of the Royal Elentians, each wearing a glinting set of thin armor on their chest on which an emblem glinted. It was the emblem of Tyrendale, consisting of three stars and a moon.  

Sinardin had ordered the archers, led by Eurofir, to stand ground on the walls of both Sacred Glove and Tyrendale from where they would attack. The spell casters including the King and Queen were to attack from the jade towers which loomed above the rest of the buildings and with them they took some elite archers for defense if required. Cyrillon and the Guardian had been appointed the task to lead the cavalry into the battle to protect the grounds but were to attack only if the enemy purged through the gates of Sacred Glove. 
“Are all the preparations made?” asked Luminon, coming towards the bridge hastily his body clothed with thin armor underneath the robes. A medallion glinted on his neck, an amulet he often wore.
“Yes, my King,” said Eurofir. He had been talking to Cyrillon of a battle strategy and he related that to the King who smiled in approval at their plan which was simple enough. The cavalry would only attack once the front walls were breached, they would not engage the enemy who clustered around the side exits. 
“Good…Eurofir assemble the archers to their positions,” ordered Sinardin as she sped towards them wearing loose flowing mantles of sea-green and a silver circlet. She gave a thin smile to her husband and then glanced at Cyrillon with saddened eyes.
“I will leave to assemble the spell-casters,” announced Luminon followed by Eurofir leaving Sinardin and Cyrillon alone, but before leaving he passed a hand on the man’s shoulder. Cyrillon acknowledged it and gave a tight nod to the King before turning to the Queen.
“Cyrillon find the Guardian,” said Sinardin, her haste indicating the discomfort she felt but Cyrillon did not want to exert tension on her strained senses, so nodding quickly he exited the fortress grounds. He did not see the exchange of glances behind his back or the whispered murmurs of the Elentian guards as now the entire city knew of his heredity.

Cyrillon located Aniah easily sitting on the ground gazing at the lake. She was already adorned in her battle dress. It was an outfit, somber and grave like the occasion with a midnight-blue cape and a high necked, deep gray dress which draped her slim figure. The edges of the neck had thin embroidery of silver and the glinting chain around her neck could be seen in the faint light of the moon on which hung her ring.
The hazel of her eyes had diminished to a shallow haze in the moonlight and her lips were tightly pressed. A few stray mahogany locks twirled down her face while the rest were pinned back, a single braid running down the back intertwined with silver metal. 
“Aniah, we must join the cavalry,” said Cyrillon softly, as he came forward towards the Guardian.
Her lips slightly parted in protest and then after a moments hesitation, “Cyrillon, I have a strange feeling in my heart. It is as if I am not in the right place, that I belong some place else.”
The Guardian stood up, her eyes glistening with anxiety and the conflicting emotions within her surfaced to her face. She bit her lip nervously as she tried to determine why she was feeling this way. It was as if something was very wrong, something which needed her presence. It was related to the water stone she was sure of that but she wondered at the news of the destruction of the stone during her imprisonment in Criswan.  She would have to visit Etna soon enough to confirm. 
“Do not trouble yourself, all is being taken care of and you must not venture into peril. Orders from the Councils have come.” Cyrillon studied her carefully noticing the determination which flickered across her face but quickly faded.
Aniah sighed and did not argue for she knew that he was right, she must not let down her guard; especially after she had the near fatal encounter with the Fire Guardian. “Let us go into battle.”
Cyrillon and Aniah sped towards Sacred Glove where their armored horses and the hundreds of Elentian riders were waiting for their commanders, their breastplates and lances glinting in the light within the city of Sacred Glove. As the pair arrived, the soldiers gave a short nod and then stared ahead with grim faces.
Aniah glanced at one young boy who stood at the front line trying to mask his presence behind the other soldiers and admiration seized her as she smiled at the bravery of the child. Walking up to the black mare, she motioned for him to step down and noticed the fervor that shone in the dark eyes. 
“What is your name child?” asked Aniah.
“My name is Braham.” The child replied with a touch of impatience as he glanced at Cyrillon mounting Khazdul.
“How old are you Braham?”
“I am fourteen years of age, my Lady.” The child looked at her defiantly as if daring her to throw him out on account of his age and a flame lightened his eyes but Aniah was not concerned by the child’s anger and continued her questions.
“Does your father know you are planning to fight?” 
“My father is one of the cavalry, my Lady.” The boy now answered with exasperation as irritation etched into his innocent features. “Is that all?”
“No. I am sorry Braham but you know the law. No man under seventeen may participate in war. You will have to leave and take shelter with the women and children.” Aniah knew she was impeding the boy’s desires but she would not have innocent children murdered at the hands of the enemy.
“No my Lady!” cried the boy and Cyrillon came on Khazdul behind Aniah as he heard the voice of the boy. 
“Braham, what are you doing here?” asked Cyrillon with an arched eyebrow at the boy’s glinting mail.
“He was planning to fight alongside the cavalry.” Aniah glanced at the Elentian Knight and he gave her an amused grin.
 “No Braham, I cannot let you fight. You need more training before you can take on an enemy.”
“But I am ready sir!”
“Your father does not think so and neither do I.”
“He said his father is in the cavalry. Is he?” asked Aniah as she watched the boy lower his head with shame at his lie and he shook his head. He was in tears and Aniah bent down to whisper in his ear. To Cyrillon’s surprise, Braham gave Aniah a beatific grin and darted away with his mare following behind. He looked questioningly at Aniah with a smile.
“I just told him that he would be needed to protect the women and children if we failed to hold the forces at bay.” Aniah watched the running boy with a grave expression and ran a hand over Khazdul, stroking the russet mane of the steed as she stared till the boy was out of sight. 
Cyrillon gazed at her troubled features and then glanced at the silent soldiers with a heavy heart. So many would die today, it was an inevitable consequence of this war.


The wolf leader paced to and fro at the edge of the Sevin Jungle while the sprites twittered away, their voices oscillating. He bellowed harshly and the chattering died down immediately. They all stood waiting the signal from their Mistress as they were all restless and itching to attack. The leader could see the walls being fortified with archers and grinned maliciously. It was going to be a good fight.
Suddenly bright sparks of red light illuminated the sky above accumulating together to form the symbol of Nebula, a cobra. 
It is time. The wolf leader snarled as he led the legion towards Sacred Glove, his jagged teeth drooling with saliva and his dark eyes filled with fury. The battalion trotted forward, speeding up as they crossed the small hills. When they neared the border, the trumpet was sounded and the sprites lifted a huge log and charged at the golden gates. Arrows showered on their fragile bodies which faded away as yellow dust but their determination soared. Their aim was to please their mistress and they would fulfill that no matter what. The wolves remained in the murky shadows, watching the sprites fall but not moving till the gates would be broken down. The leader bared his teeth, he looked up at the fading cobra and his eyes shone a molten garnet. It is time.

Above in the walls, stood Eurofir shouting out commands to the archers and at the same time piercing the body of the fairies with his sharp arrows, his hair blowing in the wind, fanning his long face while his eyes were squinted in concentration. He wished he was leading the cavalry but the orders of the Royals could not be denied even though they were aware of his skill with the sword. The archers alongside him dipped the tip of their arrows into the small fires and left the bowstrings, sending a shower of fire on the enemy. Occasionally the walls rumbled due to the smashing by the log and several archers fell down the walls, not giving up till they had drawn their last breath and they sliced at the fairies with their thin scimitars till they were killed. 
Although it deeply grieved Eurofir as each archer fell down, he did not let himself be distracted except for giving a last note of farewell to the comrades and giving others encouragement, which became a feeble attempt as the walls crumbled. Then the Elentian noticed a fairy heading for the tip of the log, waving a lighted splint of wood. His face tightened as he realized that they were attempting to burn down the walls. Below him the ground rumbled as the log smashed harder. He released an arrow which pierced the fairy but then he faltered as he could perceive a sea of fire coming towards them, a swarm of fairies with torches. His eyes glinted with fierceness.
“Kill the fairies with the fire,” he called out, “Now!” 

Above him Arean and the other phoenixes circled the fairies lashing angry jets of fire, burning their bones to ashes while the Arkansage flew over the gates and thrashed these sprites with their hooves. They also sent several fairies sailing into the castle where they were dealt by the armed nymphs, who drove spears into the hearts of their fallen kindred and then moved on to the next. The tigers led by Dijon, their new leader, were right besides the gates ready to attack if the legion ever go through. Soon the gates gave way and several archers fell to the ground trampled in the horde as the sprites still remained in excessive number; they mainly comprised of the fire-fairies who were immune to the deadly fire of the phoenixes. They swarmed inside, but there they met the snapping jaws of the tigers and that threw their forces into an agonizing chaos.

Cyrillon eyed the enemy forces and also caught sight of the wolves trailing behind. He flipped his head to the side, with Khazdul following his directive. The riders raised their lances and looked expectantly at him for commands. They grinned as they noticed the wolves as they were ready for killing, killing the forces this witch had sent. Killing the legions to gain victory and once again shatter the hold of evil. War was in their blood, in their very soul. It was a part of their history. 
“Gurth Goth Rimlye!” he exclaimed and then charged forwards followed by Aniah and the mass of determined Elentian riders, horses rampaging with eagerness. The battle had begun, but none knew that towards whom the balance would tip in favor of. Evil and good, a battle long fought in the Magic Plains but none were aware of the shadowy masses stirring with the war. An angry blackness which had cursed the plains under the eyes of all since the rise of the sorceress and now it changed direction. The Shadow moved towards Tyrendale, moving slowly but yet it came. Under the sky, the angry cries of war sounded and all was in chaos.   

***


Xia quickly clambered off the back of the phoenix and landed softly on the moist ground followed closely by Ching and Julian.
“Where is this, Fiona?” asked Xia, all worry and concern. 
“It is the heart of the Sevin Jungle, where I located the firestone in a cave but it holds a terrible monster.” Fiona stretched her long wings, illuminating the darkness which stretched afar.
“We will have to tread softly,” said Ching gravely and then glancing at Julian, “Julian, you need to be on guard and start casting only if the need arises. Do not give away our position with any foolish mistake.” 
“I will remain here till you return,” announced Fiona as the three crept through the cluster of trees towards a dark cave, surrounded by heavy mist. In their haste, the girls forgot to remain silent and they caused a simultaneous cracking of twigs under their boots.
“Hush!” hissed Ching angrily “We’re too close for you to make any stupid mistakes.” 
Xia peered into the hollow cave and there-to her joy-she saw the firestone, its surface glowing ever so brightly but she eyed the stone with curiosity as its glow was strange. Her heart once again darkened and she pressed the dagger she wore close to her waist. 
“I will go inside first,” said Xia firmly looking at Ching, “if I need help I’ll call you and please warn me if some other creature is sneaking up behind.” Julian gave a sharp stare to her friend but then became quiet, not intending to argue. She just threw her arms around the Annoxonum and pleaded her to be careful. Ching nodded reluctantly and then ushered his grand-daughter forward, his grey mustache twitching and his eyes had become darker at he thought of this beloved child straying into unknown danger. “Hurry.”
 Xia bounded swiftly towards the wall of the cave, pressing herself in against the cave stone, besides the cave’s entrance. She did this with great speed and hardly produced an audible sound, even her very breath was drowned out by the gust of winds. As the mist enveloped the Annoxonum, she could no longer perceive Ching and Julian, as her vision was blurred. 
Withdrawing her dagger, she stepped into the cave.
She gasped.

***

Thunder rumbled in the inky-black sky as the dark, heavy clouds swirled, forming an eerie shape which resembled a vortex. The plains below wore a thin veil of blood, blood which was sacred and blood which was damned. 
The battle ground raged with fury, anger and hatred mingled with cries of pain and uncontrollable anguish. Sacred Glove launched a massive attack against the numerous fairies and the formidable bands of wolves. All the tribes were fighting furiously to regain the lost victory but still they were evenly matched.

Eurofir now had retreated to the Tyrendale towers with the units of archers who were exhausted and slumped to the walls as if admitting defeat but the Elentian leader did not let them fall into the grasp of defeat so easily. He would drag them if he had to and that was what Eurofir meant to do. The gates of Sacred Glove had been demolished and the walls were crumbling. In the midst of it all the riders were engaged in a furious battle with the beasts, the wolves that had fallen in the sway of evil.
Cyrillon was on Khazdul, slashing his sword Durandel; whisking it from side to side, perforating the mass of the enemy fairies. The other riders were startled to see Durandel in the hands of this Elentian but realized his true heritage and the prophecies weaved around it although Cyrillon was not aware of these legends. They fought intensely with more enthusiasm and remembered the pledges to the Knights, pledges taken long ago.
Aniah, fought beside Cyrillon on a graceful paint known as Amazon, fearlessly penetrating forward in attempt to slay the leader of the wolves who was snapping through the forces with great ease and several of the forces lay dead, the bodies mercilessly strewn across the bloody plain. 

The wolf leader had been eyeing Cyrillon from afar with fascination as he had detected his superior aura and was in wonder at how a measly Elentian could possess this immense importance. However he knew that this man was bound to fall and it would be at the hands of him, he would not fail his Mistress for if the Elentian survived he could be the one who was feared in the prophecies. Then he bounded forward, hunger and victory just a bite away.
Cyrillon rolled on the ground as he sliced a fairy that held a dagger and immediately thrust his sword into the body of another sprite but they seemed to keep coming. “Bloody fairies,” growled Cyrillon as he sliced another one watching as they turned to a shimmering dust before another dashed towards him, dagger raised menacingly. Before he could strike, Khazdul trampled on the creature, glee shining in its eyes as he glanced at his master for a fleeting second before turning to another sprite. In that second Cyrillon saw the lust that shone in the eyes of the russet stallion, a mirror image of his own feelings. Cyrillon relished combating with a blade, often doing so on encounters with various foes but yet the death gripped at him and he felt the grief for the casualties. Gray eyes scanning the field, the Elentian noticed the Guardian still on her mare, charging fearlessly towards the fairies and her superior swordsmanship gave her the winning edge. While Cyrillon was distracted, the wolf leader crept up behind him, the dark eyes glowing with victory and he lunged.
Cyrillon turned just in time to see the huge black wolf pounce at him, teeth bared and with surprising alacrity, he side stepped the attack and the wolf landed on its feet snarling in anger for losing the kill. As Cyrillon raised Durandel to strike the creature above the head, the wolf barreled into him and threw him on the ground. With haste, Cyrillon moved out of the way as they wolf bounded towards him and he swiftly turned, his sword slashing the wolf at the neck. The wolf splattered blood but was not about to give up easily and he turned to the man with rage in his eyes but before it could attack again, an arrow caught it in the vein of its neck and a fountain of blood poured out of the wound. Struggling forward, the wolf was determined to end the Elentian not even bothering to see its attacker and it reached Cyrillon who had kept himself a mile apart and had somehow acquired another sword. With the last remnants of its energy, the huge black creature darted with increasing speed and there it met its end. Cyrillon swept the two swords in the opposite directions and sliced off the head of the wolf which fell at his feet. He wiped the blood on the swords on the hide of the still creature and raised a hand to Aniah who had fired the arrow. She acknowledged his thanks with a curt nod and galloped towards him as the forces of Aria overwhelmed the frontier of Sacred Glove.
Vaulting on Khazdul, he turned around and motioned for the Guardian to hurry. “Turn back Aniah” said Cyrillon, “Retreat to Tyrendale!”
Aniah cantered towards him, her face glowing with heat as blood trickled from the cut in her lips. In her hands was an intricate bow which was stained with the blood on her hands and her hair were clamped to her face.  “Mankoi?” she asked, inhaling heavily as she shot an arrow at the head of an approaching fairy while Amazon killed the others with her kicks.
Following suit, Khazdul reared and trampled a few fairies under his hooves while Cyrillon kicked an injured wolf away from the horse’s torso before turning back to Aniah. “There are too many, Lle auta yeste’6.” 
Aniah whipped her head sharply and signaled to a cluster of the remaining Elentian riders, “Retreat to Tyrendale!”
Turning back, the land forces galloped to the safety of Tyrendale while the Sacred Glove forces kept the enemy at bay. But there in Tyrendale, there was another peril waiting.

As the horses fled, Arkansage took command and was furiously kicking and trampling the swarms of fairies. Adrianna and Gorman were locked in the centre with the phoenixes overhead, and the power of the two was gradually vanquishing the enemy which dwindled in amount. The rest of the mystical creatures comprising of the tigers and the nymphs were practicing their magic on these creatures to some avail. They were now winning slightly but the forces of the Glove would not admit defeat, not as long as the phoenixes soared overhead... maybe not even then.

Back in Tyrendale, Cyrillon and Eurofir were reassembling the troops to march back into the region of their allies while Aniah was gathering the rest from the outskirts of the valley who were chasing some routing enemies.
“Do you see something in the woods behind Tyrendale?” asked Eurofir, “my men have spotted some unnatural movement.” He wiped a hand to remove the sweat on his face and he grimaced as he noticed the dark blood. He ignored his filthy condition and unsheathed his sword, the bow Cyrillon gave him attached on his back.
 Cyrillon gazed at the rear end of Tyrendale for a while trying to discern if there was truth in the observations and then his gaze lingered on the back gate of Tyrendale: it was open. “Who opened the gate?” he questioned fiercely.
“I do not know.” Eurofir scanned the perimeter, his ears straining to perceive danger and his lavender eyes were focusing on the plains beyond the open gates, alarm washing through his senses. Then his breath stopped and he grasped the hand of his friend, his own hand icy cold with dread. “Look!”
Before they were able to close the gates, a multitude of demons marched through the gates, their spears raised and their gruesome red bodies clamped in chain mail. As the Guardian joined the shocked Elentians, her own heart fluttered in anxiety as she eyed the approaching threat. Without the full restoration of her powers she could not kill them all.
“We cannot defeat them,” Aniah said in the thinnest of whispers, “one demon is a powerful as ten warriors put together.” She heard the men behind her gasp and cry out in fear as they saw the oncoming enemy but they remained in position. 
“Neither can we surrender,” said Cyrillon, a defiance in his voice but he could not hide the fear, “Aniah, inform Queen Sinardin at once!”
The Guardian shivered as a gust of wind encircled her and then set off hastily, her cloak flapping wildly behind her as she left Cyrillon and Eurofir to ponder over the scheme of attack while Sacred Glove engaged the other enemy forces. 
“We could use magic on them,” suggested Eurofir quietly, “if Aniah, being a Guardian could…” 
Cyrillon hesitated as he thought of Aniah placing herself in danger. Even as his heart defied the suggestion of endangering her, he knew only her power could save them from this peril. Though not restored she was as powerful as any of the best spell casters, even greater than Sinardin.
“It may have an impact but first we must attempt to destroy a few demons and reduce their numbers to some extent.”
“The archers must come on land,” pointed out Eurofir, “I will arrange for fire arrows to be launched.”
“Asca!” exclaimed Cyrillon as he himself mounted Khazdul to collect forces and stamp out the threat of the enemy, at least for tonight. 


The troops took their battle stations, the spell-casters lined up in the tower to perform protection wards, archers assembled on the ground a torch being circulated to light their arrows. They had been given the order to fire at will and often a few fiery shots were seen slicing through the air but one arrow was not enough to kill a demon. They would need to target one at least twenty times to injure the soiled creature to a great extent. But that was impossible for there were at least forty demons standing a few miles away and they wore mail which heightened their strength. Aniah was making preparations for the spell clearly perplexed at how the demons had sided with the Sorceress as no news had reached her despite the eagles scouting efforts. 
Cyrillon rode from left to right, passing in front of the row of Elentian riders who bowed their heads as they saw Durandel swirling in the air and listened to Cyrillon as he gave them a short but inspiring speech.
“Do not show any mercy to the enemy warriors of Tyrendale! Destroy the demons and we will watch the bones of the enemy cake in the rising sun! Die in honor! Lye nuquernuva sen e dagor!” 

On the other end, Iguana was commanding his fellow demons in the guttural tongue of the Onis’ and they too were filled with the lust and anger to kill, to slay.
“Remember victory is ours! We are formidable! They are weak! We shall crush these maggots and they will fear the very mention of our name! For King Vien and for all Onis!” 

Then both masses charged forward and were locked into a fierce combat, ignoring all codes and rules of war as they were blinded by hatred. Amongst the pandemonium there were speeding arrows, clashing spears and blood spraying on the ground. The air was filled with cries of the resolute warriors and no wails of anguish or pain echoed within the field as the enmity between the forces instilled a thirst for defeating the foe. 
Warriors fell from both sides but the loss of Elentian forces was much greater and Eurofir was filled with greater lust to vanquish the demons. A big burly demon charged at him, saliva dripping down his lips as he raised the spear. Eurofir ran towards the abominable creature and swiftly embedded the sword into its torso, piercing the mail and barely inflicting a wound. With a humorous roar at his effort, the demon punched Eurofir in the nose and hooted as he fell to the ground. Blood trickled down his nose and he tasted the bitter taste on his tongue before aiming a strong kick at the demons legs and grinned as he heard the grunt of pain. Jumping up, he took advantage of the minute in which the demon studied the wound on his torso, surprised at the idiocy shown by the large creature even during a battle. You would never catch an Elentian unguarded during a fight, they wouldn’t start examining their wounds thought Eurofir as he raced to the red mound of flesh and as the demon glanced up it saw the Elentian flip over his head. Eurofir landed behind the demon on his feet and plunged the sword in the exposed part of flesh on the back watching with satisfaction the blood oozing out. The demon growled angrily and stormed at Eurofir who had darted a few feet behind to smash another demon on the head with his sword. Eurofir was taken by surprise and a huge spear pierced his leg muscles sending a spasm of agony over his body as he fell to the ground. Two demons now leered at him, their eyes molten with victory as they eyed him and his gushing blood. Eurofir never expected it of these horrendous creatures but they did not attack for he was helpless. They waited instead till he rose and fought. It was astonishing that such noble laws existed in their races as well but at that time it was a costly mistake. Eurofir rolled back with agility ignoring the wound in his leg and jumped up as he grabbed his sword off the ground and faced the two demons that had lowered their lances to aim at him if he charged. That was foolish for in the next second, like greased lightning, Eurofir took a careful aim and threw the slightly curved sword at them. In the next instant blood was gushing from a deep wound in their lumpy throats and the demons fell to the ground dead. Allowing himself a thin smile of happiness, Eurofir picked up the sword next to one demon’s carcass and did not bother to remove the blood for it was a reminder of his small but significant victory though in the long run it would be nothing. Seeing the Elentian army outnumbered and winded by the fight he looked frantically for Aniah and spotted her as she raised a hand to indicate that she was ready. Nodding in acknowledgement, Eurofir grabbed the horn at his belt and blew as hard as he could into the aperture. 
The Elentian army flooded to base with Cyrillon in the lead, his face covered in traces of blood for he had been battling with the demon captain and now for over a whole night he had still not killed the vile beast. The Guardian emerged, a sword clasped in one hand and her horse standing tall. She advanced to the edge of a gentle slope, about a meter away from the demon army but none could attack fast enough for overhead Sinardin was casting a binding spell on their bodies which was held by all the other magicians on the towers.
A bolt of thunder struck the dusky sky, illuminating Aniah’s hazel eyes which were flashing with energy. The air surrounding her was shaded blue, vitalizing her body as she spoke some words in the language of the Elentian people for she wanted them to understand what she was about to do. Silence struck the enemy as they were awed and stupefied. 

Ndengina kotyaerea, Hyandae en΄ luhta
Templa en΄ tessa thaurerea, Hyandae en΄ luhta 

Amid the demon mass, dozens of pale blue misty, wraith like creatures appeared and passed through the flesh of the demons who could not even scratch these bodiless mists though they tried desperately and Iguana had a look of pure fury on his face as the demons gasped, their energy being sucked out. 
“Mallen pelu e΄ n΄alaquel en΄ sen!” commanded Eurofir and the forces again marched into battle but now the demons were weakened and drained of energy, which had been absorbed into the Blade Spirits that had started fading to an opalescent cobalt.
Aniah recited the enchantment once again, with an added determination in her voice and instantaneously numerous Blade Spirits appeared replacing the others.

By and by, the demon army was completely vanquished except the leader and a few others who had escaped- they had been sensible enough to utilize their wings. Victory was now theirs for the taking and they all cheered and rejoiced. Aniah had dismounted her paint and had locked Sinardin in an embrace while Cyrillon and Eurofir were congratulating each other and appreciating the efforts of the army and at that moment the bodies of the dead were forgotten. All the soldiers raised their lances in victory and yelled the name of the Knights. None paid heed to their words for they spoke of the Sword Durandel and of the great one who would wield it. They spoke of it but none gave any importance to their call except a few who then too joined in the shouts the rest dismissing them as fools in ecstasy.
The Guardian then walked to the edge of a ridge, staring at the cramped forest beyond: a forest in which dwelled beings of the unknown and were death always hovered nearby. She prayed silently for the safety of the Annoxonum, sending swirls of magical fire to enlighten her path.
“The firestone will be recovered. I trust the Annoxonum.” Cyrillon stepped close next to Aniah supporting her for he knew she was drained of energy yet she hid it. The toll of Fiera’s wound was still to fade. 
“I hope so,” she said softly, turning as Cyrillon draped an arm round her; holding her close. Together they gazed out into the early hours of morning, both thinking of the separation they would have to face as Cyrillon had revealed the facts of his lineage to Aniah and the path he had chosen. During that while, Aniah felt a burning sensation on her shoulder where there was an engraved emblem and she understood what was to come. She knew her father’s predictions were unraveling and soon the time for the last stand against evil would arrive. She listened to Cyrillon as he told her where he was to go and when and she could only acknowledge it with a heavy nod.
The path which led away from his love into a forgotten land, grey and marked by bleak shadows as the Kingdom of the Elentian Knights had fallen into disorder and chaos.
Behind him the riders exclaimed his name. They would follow him to the ends of death and that he did not know. He was just surprised at their shouts and gave small smiles of amusement. It would break his heart to part with this land, a land in which there were so many whom he loved. His gray eyes became somber as he stared at the darkness, a darkness which had been defeated at least for now. It was a darkness which would not quell. A thirsty darkness.

















~ Chapter Ten ~


In the corners of the shadowy cavern, sat a young girl; her long fair legs were sprawled in an awkward angle and strands of loose hair fell over her pale face. The clothes she wore were a frayed black and there were silver bracers on her forearms and legs, the spiky edges scarping the ground. In her long fingers she clutched a gleaming ruby, the firestone at which she gazed intently; her eyes tingling with greed and fury. What appalled Xia the most was the appearance of the creature’s skin for bone was enmeshed in rubbery veins that coiled round her body and the colour was a terrifying white, the white of the dead and her hair were long and coppery with faint traces of red. The Annoxonum grimaced as she eyed the creature as her skin was deathly pale and lips a faint pink, barely visible as they were stamped into the stretches of skin. The eyes were the most striking feature of this deathlike beauty for they were of an iridescent cobalt colour framed by thick black lashes that highlighted the intensity.
Xia cautiously approached the girl- or the creature who had once been a girl. Her every step brought her closer to the inevitable. However her efforts to remain completely silent were shattered when she accidentally shuffled, the tip of her boots hitting a shard of glass. She caught her breath but knew it was too late. She had been heard.
The girl looked up and her heavily outlined eyes narrowed menacingly, spurting the fire of hatred. Xia gasped as the girl revealed her long gleaming teeth and as her eyes turned to a bright azure, always fierce and flashing.
“Who are you?” demanded the Annoxonum.
“Who am I? Who are you and why do you trespass?” she asked her voice like the icy whispers of the harsh wind.
Xia steadied herself inwardly and exhibiting surprising calm, she answered the girl’s questions. “I am the Annoxonum and have come to retrieve the firestone which you hold in your hands.” Xia tightened her hold on the dagger, her veins contracting. In other circumstances she may have laughed at her method of plunging straight to the point instead of babbling but now her concentration all was focused on the fiery stone.
“Annoxonum,” laughed the girl in a throaty whisper, “well it may surprise you that I too am an Annoxonum, my name is Kashya.” 
Xia stood stunned as the facts registered in her head, “How can it be?”
Kashya now stood up, revealing the view of her whole face to Xia and then she looked quite human: quite a beautiful human if she lost the tint of anger and her blazing eyes that raged with ferocity of an animal. “I am not human. I was turned into another creature, a soulless creature during the last hours of my mortal life. I have dwelled in this abandoned cave since then.”
She gave a small smile of appreciation as she eyed the Annoxonum before her, “I am glad that you are the new Annoxonum. I couldn’t stand the others, old fools.”
“Why did you steal the firestone?” asked Xia tentatively ignoring the compliment as she eyed Kashya warily.
Stroking the stone’s surface lovingly, Kashya answered in a raspy whisper, “Because of you.”
Xia studied the girl and now decided that there was no use to pursue the questions. She rolled her eyes, tapping her foot on the ground as Kashya had started singing to the firestone. The first instinct she had was to tackle the woman to the ground but she thought better of it and decided to wait for who knew the strength of this Soulless Annoxonum.
Now she thinks it’s a baby, what a dim-bulb! I mean…just look at her, she’s pathetic. Singing to the stone, what next? Thought Xia, she’ll probably start kissing it goodnight! 
I know that song? Where have I heard it before? Thought Xia, clearly perturbed as she listened to the faint melody. Ignoring the questions in her mind she thought of the last comment the girl had made.
Her answer made sense to Xia as this girl wanted the stone because she was jealous that she had taken her place as the Annoxonum. It must be hard to know that some one else has been chosen while you are alive but Kashya was not alive; she was practically dead and if Xia didn’t leave soon, she was going to end up as the demon’s meal. She had run around thinking that some pet of the sorceress had taken the stone but no, it was not that. This creature had it. All that trouble, all those dreams she had to bear as a price of this loss. Xia’s anger mounted. What she didn’t realize was that Kashya could hear every thought in her brain and neither did she notice the faint smile of amusement on Kashya’s lips as she antagonized the Annoxonum silently.
Annoxonum, you have journeyed far and wide to obtain this stone have you not, but for what purpose? You have come to your own death. Look at this warrior before you; can you defeat a former Annoxonum whose strength has doubled in the monstrosity? Join her and see what wonders you two can accomplish side by side, feeling the tenderness of dead flesh as it pulsates under your hands and drinking the ever sweet fountains of blood as they gush gently from your prey. Feel it, taste it and embrace the fold. Feel it Annoxonum, it is yours for the taking.
Xia realized that she had been tightening her grip on the dagger to such an extent that her fingers throbbed with pain. The voice inside her head echoed with the command and adrenaline sped in her blood, her fear intensified and she closed her eyes briefly to block out the voice not aware that it was coming from the girl who invaded her thoughts. Releasing her tight hold, her mind raced wildly as now the benefit of the dagger was questionable. My dagger is probably hopeless against her and if I make it out alive, I’ll have a word about it with Grandpa Ching. I need a new weapon and he just sends me in with a small knife. I must call out to them if this woman attacks.  But the present Annoxonum could not run away without the stone, it was inconceivable and her steely determination pushed away her fears: for at least a while as she knew there were allies waiting outside.
“Did you know that the line on this firestone is called Sitar?” asked Kashya as if challenging the knowledge of Xia. “It glows with its respectful owner, who of course is me.”
	Great one grandpa! What else did you leave out? Xia clenched her fists and growled, “Give it to me.”
	“If I do not what can you do about it Annoxonum. Your friends outside will not hear the screams of your death nor will they see what happens in this cave. Annoxonum, your failure is inevitable. Your death has been written.” Kashya smiled and then placing the ruby in the pocket of her fray garments that were wrapped tightly against her skin and then whispered in a voice pulsating with anger. “It is mine.”
	Xia wasted no time and she dived forward, sending a hard kick on the girl’s jaw which sent her flying to the cave wall. However Kashya was quick to recover, with the additional skills honed with her age added to the efficient Annoxonum-trained body, and she grabbed the shard of glass and charged towards Xia.
	Xia tried dodging but then the girl was already over her, trying to slice her throat with the glass. The two were interlocked in a struggle, using the best of their abilities to overthrow the other. Xia punched the other hard on the nose and threw her off as blood trickled down the girl’s nose onto her clothes. Kashya did not stop and she whirled, running and crushing the human under her body. Xia groaned as the sharp edges of the bracers dug into her flesh and she tasted blood in her mouth. After a long struggle of lashing kicks and tackles, Xia soon got the upper hand and pinned the girl on the ground. 
“This isn’t the way to treat your relative!” Kashya’s fangs were dripping with the blood from Xia’s wound in her arm and licking it hungrily she growled. The blood, so strong and pure intensified the fury that Kashya had contained for so long and she thought of the pulsating organ in Xia’s chest, almost tasting it in her mouth and feeling the juicy pulp trickling down her throat. The thought maddened Kashya for she thrived on strong blood to add to her skills and she struggled with Herculean might to tear apart the tissues and drain every cell in the tissue, to drain them till they were lifeless and shriveled.
The present Annoxonum raised the dagger to the girl’s black heart noticing the fierce gleam in her eyes but then before she could finish off Kashya, a deep roar occurred in the hollow cave. Xia’s squinted to make out the creature and in the dim light, a threatening outline was visible; low and crouched as if waiting to attack. It was a predator.

Both the Annoxonum clambered to their feet, retreating back against the wall keeping a considerable distance between each other but Kashya still licked her bloody lips with intensifying hunger. The creature walked towards them and to Xia’s utter surprise, it was a black panther with eyes brighter than molten lava and they were purely evil. She knew who it was. She had seen it before. It was Axhelius.

She glanced at Kashya in whose eyes she saw recognition or joy, she couldn’t decipher. “A-Axhelius?” stammered Kashya as she asked the question, “is it r-really you?”
“Yes.” Axhelius gave a gruff answer and then his yellow eyes lit up as he studied the girl before him. “Kashya!”
Xia grimaced as the two embraced each other, exchanging heartfelt greetings. ‘Ugh’ was the only word to describe it. Xia spotted the stone lying there on the floor, unguarded. It must have fallen out of Kashya’s pocket, she thought as she strode quickly to the stone in the corner, scooping it up in her palm.
In an abrupt second, the sitar inflamed and it glinted with a furious fiery red which flashed and illuminated the surrounding. Xia hardly took any notice that the other two were looking at her with curled lips and hard, fixed glares.
“Drop it,” hissed Kashya, “or you will burn.”
Xia didn’t need telling twice as her palm was scalding under the immense heat and she dropped the stone. As the stone touched the ground, its glow faded away. Breathing hard, Xia glanced at Axhelius and Kashya who were rooted to the ground having not moved an inch. “What enchantment have you placed, Kashya?” demanded Xia vehemently as she tenderly fingered the parched skin of her palm.
“It will burn when touched by any other than myself. Only you are so dense that you cannot see through my devious enchantments, some Annoxonum you are.”
“Listen you retard, that stone does not belong here! Who are you protecting it from, yourself?” retorted Xia.
“It is rightfully mine.”
“For god sakes! You are the Annoxonum, you are to be protecting it, not stealing it and hiding it in a cave where anyone could easily grab it from under your nose.” Xia was beyond frustrated, she was extremely infuriated. Grabbing the stone, regardless of its scalding property, she marched past the two angrily. Tears were in her eyes but she didn’t let them fall, she would have rather died. The black panther bounced and blocked her path, its eyes shining red in the intense light of the firestone which was emanating intolerable heat but Xia did not let go. “Stop Annoxonum!” 
“Move out of my way you, you disgraceful creature. Why should I even listen to you, you betrayer? Go butter your witch friend!” snapped Xia, the sheen of agonizing tears lightening her eyes as her palms were scorching. “I will kill any who stands in my way and when I am outside my friends will finish the job.”
Axhelius guffawed, “You will not last a step beyond this point. Do not be foolish Annoxonum or else you will be remembered as the greatest mistake of the Annox line.”
Her will to leave had faded and with tears rolling down her eyes, she let go of the stone; praying with all her heart that Ching and Julian would come to her rescue but that was laughable as they did not even know that she was in danger. She had to tell them to wait. She should have learnt her lesson last time she went alone and now she repeated the mistake but the difference was that this time the danger was grave. Axhelius was speaking and Xia tried listening to the slurred words, but all she caught were the last sentences.
“-Aria is no witch,” said Axhelius, “she is a great woman with innumerable powers. Now come with me quietly along with the stone.”
He advanced to the entrance but was stopped by Kashya who laid a hand on his fur not interested in the fate of the stone but in answers for questions she had so long sought. “Why Axhelius, why did you betray our fold?” she asked, her thoughts swishing past to the past as she told a crushed Xia her story; a depressing story that had no parallel in the annals of time. Xia could have run in the mean time were it not for the panther eyeing her with a stormy gaze. The tale Kashya told angered her as well saddening her for at this moment she was a girl like Xia, not a monster out to kill. 



August 1804 A.D, Crescentile
	
	The sky was darkening yet once again in the long sixteen years of Kashya’s life and	as always she had sore legs, an aching back and a throbbing headache from chasing the new evil, an evil which spurted out months back. First she had to chase away the minions of the Shadow and now this.
Axhelius trotted besides her, his muddy paws scraping the dirt beneath him and the two retired in the cavern. Sleep was overcoming them and Axhelius fell into its clasp but Kashya had a voice down her head, a troubling voice.
“I wonder how the sprites knew the hiding place you chose?” she asked aloud and as she expected, Axhelius shifted nervously. Her throat burned.
“I…I don’t know” he muttered.
Although Kashya loved Axhelius dearly and hated suspecting him but from her late mother she had learnt one thing: Those who are closer to you are always those who betray you.
“Uh-huh. Axhelius have you noticed that the Sorceress Aria is aware of all our moves?” she questioned but received no response. She knew that Axhelius had an irritable nature and would soon spill all the knowledge he possessed, “Do you suppose someone could have tipped off where our haven is?”
Axhelius snapped at her on the pretext that she was disturbing his sleep, but the headstrong girl asked yet another question. “It cannot be you nor me, then who Axhelius?”
Now the breaking point of Axhelius’s patience was surpassed and jumping up, he roared his reply. “It is I Kashya, I am corrupted and evil, and I betrayed you. I…I gave Aria all the knowledge! Now are you satisfied?”
What effect this would have had on the Annoxonum, he could never have dreamed of. Her eyes were brimming with tears of anguish, her hands were wringing in pain and her heart felt as though all life had been squeezed out by a cruel hand. She fingered the dagger on her belt but she could not kill him, she would never. She wept.
“Now I have to kill you,” spat Axhelius, “but I cannot. Give me the stone or come with me.”
“Never!” shouted Kashya and before Axhelius could capture her, she sprinted away into the dark night. 

Four years later, Kashya she fell into the darkness of a monstrosity, never to see light again. She had become one of the Zëlliâm of Amon, the soulless warriors of the night…

Kashya sighed and Xia was struck with some pity for the girl as she knew the feeling of loss. Axhelius had lowered his head and was emitting guttural noises and unintelligible words.
“In this very cave you betrayed me and now you have returned.” Kashya smiled but the happiness did not last long as when she embraced Axhelius, the merciless creature pierced the throbbing vein in her neck and Kashya wailed in agony, her life flickering away but the creature showed no mercy despite the bond the two had once shared. The soulless warrior fell heavily to the ground, dead. Her body faded away gently into a silver dust and the shimmering particles floated to the ground to become part of the dwelling in which Kashya had spent her life and now it was to be a burial ground. Tears stung the eyes of the Annoxonum as she watched her sister die. From the depths of her heart an unexpected surge of boiling anger burst forth. “You are such an empty hearted fiend!”
	Axhelius looked at Xia, baring his fangs as the Annoxonum had grabbed the firestone. His eyes were dark with evil as if he had no will over his actions.  The stone no longer burnt as with Kashya’s death, the enchantment had been broken. 
	“Now it is your turn,” whispered Axhelius and on hearing that Xia sped out of the cave towards Ching and Julian, who were growing restless with each passing minute.

“Where is she?” hissed Julian, her aqua eyes peering at the cave through her bushes. “It couldn’t take this long. What’s the time?”
“Twelve, midnight” answered Ching with an edge to his voice as she tried to catch a glance of Xia. He was worried for his grand-daughter but he waited for a signal from her.
“One hour has gone by! I’m going in.” Julian dashed in the direction of the cave before Ching could stop her and was compelled to follow. He lifted his staff from where it lay and sent a fiery signal to the riders as he left their hiding place to enter the cave.
Inside they found nothing but marks of struggle on the ground and Xia’s dagger in the corner. No firestone and no Xia…oh no…please no. Julian’s stomach clenched with fear for her friend and she cast a look at Ching, who too was concerned beyond comparison.
Julian scurried towards the dagger and gently picked it up, “It cannot be…”
“Wait!” exclaimed Ching, “can you hear that?”
In the distance, muffled screams of a girl could be heard and at once Julian’s hopes soared. “It’s Xia!”
The two tore through the leaves to gather the forces and aid Xia before it was too late. I won’t let it be late, thought Julian as adrenaline pumped through her body, giving her an amplified velocity and she muttered enchantments under her breath to protect Xia.

***
Nearby Xia was trampled to the ground by Axhelius who was roaring continuously, sending chills down Xia’s spine. The Annoxonum held the beast away with her hands to prevent it from biting her. They both tumbled around interlaced in a dangerous fight and they rolled down the grassy slope, each aiming to injure the other. The firestone lay somewhere forgotten in the ensuing struggle.
When all hope was diminishing, numerous arrows darted through the air and pierced the flesh of Axhelius, who roared in pain and his heart tightened as he perceived several Elentian riders emerging down the mound. The arrows glinted with energy and Xia knew that from afar Julian was casting with Ching.
Axhelius was sensible and knew that this was a losing battle so he fled the scene to a dense part of the forest. Xia panted as she stood up and thanked her saviors. 
The leader inclined his head gently and jumped down the horse. His hands were closing around her as he wanted to put her on the steed and take her to safety. But Xia stopped him as her work was not yet accomplished. “I need to get the firestone.”
Nodding, he followed her and they found the stone hidden in a bush nearby. The Sitar gave off a weak glow reminding Xia of the girl who had died and her thoughts also diminished as the glow died out. 
In an instant, a wolf appeared before Xia; its jewel-green eyes staring at her in a peculiar way. “Whoa,” said Xia softly as she moved back slowly. The rider placed a sword on the creature’s head but he then, to Xia’s astonishment, bowed his head in reverence. The grey wolf glanced at the firestone held safely in Xia’s hand before it bounded off. 
“Who is that?” she asked the Elentian leader.
The man said nothing, but in his glassy eyes there was awe and he turned his heel, walking away with a grumbling Xia in his wake for she did not like being ignored. The riders strayed to the rest without a word spoken in the short journey and Xia kept hurling angry looks to the leader who took no notice feeling it was inappropriate to mention anything at this moment and place.
Julian ran to Xia, clasping her in a tight bear hug and Ching patted Xia at the back to show his appreciation for her efforts. Xia’s face lit up, forgetting all about the wolf she had seen. Xia glanced at Ching and said, “Grandpa, next time before you send me on an expedition could we brush up on mythical creatures and stuff?”
Ching studied his granddaughter unsure of what answer to give to her bizarre question and then she burst out laughing at his bewildered expression. Shaking his head with a small smile which tugged at the corners of his mouth, he joined Julian and Xia on the phoenix before they flew away into the sky followed by the several riders who changed course halfway through the journey towards Tyrendale. During the flight, Xia plunged into a detailed version of her story to which all listened with great interest along with the phoenix Fiona, who passed remarks here and there. The hearts of all were peaceful, all shared the same serenity and the Annoxonum held the stone close to her heart as if never to let go of it again. She had redeemed herself.

All thought that this was the end of the menace as the firestone was in safe hands but little did they know that the clashes were intensifying and the wounds were deepening. On the edge of a cliff stood the wolf, hardly visible in the pitch dark except for its luminous jade eyes; the eyes which shone brightly being the only radiance visible in the dark folds of night. These solemn eyes swept over the lands, their gaze lingering awhile on the jungle with its shadowy trees. The grey wolf turned and slowly trotted away, aware of the danger approaching and aware of the earth’s whispers; whispers of regret and warning.
The sky rumbled and the earth rapidly prepared itself for the inevitable showdown between those aligned with good and those with evil. The threads that would shape the future were present but with the calamity at hand all could only wait to see what time would reveal. The Shadow was now rising, darker than the evil created by the sorceress. None were aware of this for the Shadow had been forgotten in many races save a few. History would either replay or new schemes would be plotted. Whatever the case the Shadow would take a share in the glory or take it all till its thirst was quenched. The curse of the dark Shadow had washed over the surface of the earth penetrating deep into the core and resting there to lay in wait, in a silent wait for the moment of triumph. 
But waiting was hard.
It was impossible.







 





 




 






APPENDIX


Translation of Elentian text in the story.

‘Amin merna quen’: ‘I wish to speak.’
‘Mani marte?’: ‘What happened?’
‘Amin hiraetha…’: ‘I am sorry…’
‘Gurth Goth Rimlye’: Death to our foes!
‘Mankoi?’: Why?
‘Lle auta yeste’’: You go first.
‘Asca!’: Hurry
‘Lye nuquernuva sen e dagor!’: We will defeat them in Battle!

‘Ndengina kotyaerea, Hyandae en΄ luhta
Templa en΄ tessa thaurerea, Hyandae en΄ luhta’: 
Bring death and harm to he Hostile Ones, Blade Spirits
  Paralyze the Abominable Ones, Blade Spirits!

‘Mallen pelu e΄ n΄alaquel en΄ sen!’: Circle around behind them!




Note: 
The above are the Elentian Language translations and are spoken by both the Elentian folk of Tyrendale and the Elentian Knights of Bohemon.
































