The Chosen Ones 







By Lori Brighton



Copyright 2014 Lori Brighton
www.LoriBrighton.com
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



The Chosen Ones is book one in the series. It can be read alone, but would best be enjoyed and understood by reading the free prequel, The Beautiful Ones, in advance.



Editing by Megan Records
Cover design by Ronnell Porter


The Chosen Ones Series:

The Beautiful Ones: Prequel (Ebook is free!)
The Chosen Ones: Book 1
The Forsaken Ones: Book 2 (Winter 2014)



Other Young Adult Books by Lori Brighton

The Mind Readers Series:

The Mind Readers: Book 1 (Free!)
The Mind Thieves: Book 2
The Mind Games: Book 3
The Mind Keepers: Series Ending Novella 


The Matchmaker Series:

Make Me a Match: Book 1







The Chosen Ones


Lori Brighton

Chapter 1


“She doesn’t talk, merely stares at the wall as if she’s trying to find meaning in the damn stains covering the cement. She barely even eats. I think she’s lost at least five pounds since she arrived. She’s of no use to us at all. In fact, she’s a damn hindrance.” 
Although the woman standing next to him flinched, the harsh words barely resonated with me. I was too numb to care. The old Jane would have been amused that this man still tried to reach me, still bothered. He paced up and down the hall, in and out of the shadows, the angry thump of his footsteps mirroring the beat of my heart. On the positive side, or perhaps it was a negative, I was vaguely aware that my heart still beat, proving I was indeed alive.  
“Should have left her in the woods.” He knelt down, staring into my eyes, an intense gaze that drilled into me. “Do you hear me?” 
I heard him, but it was as if his voice came from far, far away. Murmured words I hardly understood, words that didn’t influence me in the least. An invisible glass wall separated us, a wall we couldn’t break, couldn’t pierce. Did he not see that? 
No, I didn’t care what he said. In fact, I barely cared about anything anymore. Food, clothing, even safety was lost on me. I was drowning in a sea of gray, unable to reach the surface, unable to find a world of color. In all honesty, I wasn’t sure I wanted to escape. 
With a growl of frustration, he stood. 
The woman sighed. “Have a heart, Will. We don’t know what she endured at the castle.”
He snorted, and the few men standing behind him shook their heads in disgust. I knew what they were thinking: since they’d saved me, at the least I owed them my gratitude. But I hadn’t even been capable of giving them that. 
I didn’t care. 
Didn’t care. 
Nothing mattered anymore. 
“She endured the same damn thing we’ve all endured, and we got over it. It’s been two weeks.” He leaned down again, eye level. 
This close, the lantern managed to highlight his features, giving him a soft glow. He had kind hazel eyes. Or at least they’d been kind when he’d first found me confused and lost out in that field after having just escaped the castle with my life. But now…now his eyes were hard, cold under the lamplight. I knew I was wearing out my welcome. I knew that in a few days they had plans to leave the base and would probably abandon me here to rot. I didn’t want to be alone. But I couldn’t seem to pull myself out of the darkness.   
“Listen. You hear? You can’t go on like this. It’s time to wake up.” He snapped his fingers in front of my face. “Get it together and actually do something useful.”
But as I continued to sit there, staring at the stained wall behind him, he surged to his feet, his anger and frustration obvious in the tightness of his fists. “Fine, Kelly. You want her here, you babysit her.”
Just like that, he stomped down the hall toward the great room, leaving dust and irritation in his wake. One of Will’s friends turned to leave, kicking the book at my side and sending it skidding across the hard floor, out of reach. A book Will had given me the day I’d arrived, shivering and cold in my fancy white gown. 
I hardly remembered that day, the day they’d found me in the field terrified and alone. They’d led me into the huge abandoned building they’d somehow made a home. I’d been fed some sort of stew I hadn’t really tasted. They’d given me a ruffled, sleeveless shirt and trousers; clothing left over from a society that had lived long, long ago. And when I’d questioned Will, unable to understand this new world, he’d handed me the book.
Dracula. 
A novel about monsters that fed off of human blood. A book that wasn’t fiction after all, but a book that had become my reality two weeks ago. 
I’d always loved books. In fact, I’d devoured any novel I’d come across. It hadn’t mattered what the subject, fiction or nonfiction—I wanted to know everything I could. But reading Dracula and realizing that it was truth had pushed me over the edge. My mind, my memories, and my body could not handle that reality. When I’d finished that last page, the novel had slipped from my hands, hitting the floor with a thud as I sank into a world of silence, stillness, a world that comforted me, held me close, made me blessedly numb.
When I tried to think too hard about the events leading up to that day, as I did now, ice-cold terror raced through my body leaving me frozen, suspended like the icicles that hung from our eaves in winter. And so instead, I didn’t think about it at all. Or at least I tried. But at night…at night the memories seeped into my weary and vulnerable brain, haunting my dreams.
Will’s footsteps faded, the others followed and only the woman remained. 
“Don’t worry,” Kelly said, kneeling beside me and giving me a genuine smile that showed off slightly crooked teeth. 
I liked her, although I hadn’t ever told her. Actually, I hadn’t said much of anything to the woman. But she was kindness itself, her touch gentle, her large dark eyes full of compassion. She never grew frustrated, never annoyed. Always the mother hen, she set a plate in front of me, but the smell of greasy meat made my stomach churn. I should have been hungry, starving. But my stomach didn’t even grumble in need anymore. My body, like my mind, had given up.  
“We all went through the despair when we first arrived.” She drew in a deep trembling breath that told me the memories still tormented her. “That sort of destruction, death…that’s not normal. Right?” 
She was asking me? I would have laughed if I’d been able to, if I hadn’t been trapped within the shell of my body. I didn’t know what normal was anymore. Nothing was normal. There was no such thing. 
“I lost friends as well,” she whispered softly, gently. “I understand.” 
Friends. Yes, I’d lost friends and would again, perhaps already had. All those people trapped within the compounds had no idea they were being raised as food for monsters. The image of Sally came to mind. Sally, so proud of being chosen, so excited about her pretty lace dress, so trusting. We’d arrived at that castle together, but she had died alone. 
Just like that the memories overwhelmed me. I squeezed my eyes closed as Sally’s terrified face flashed to mind. But the guard hadn’t cared. He’d shoved her, sending her stumbling back onto the table where the others had trapped her, holding her captive while they’d sunk their teeth into her neck, feeding off her blood.  
“Let go!” Sally’s cry still echoed through my mind, over and over, never silent. The image of her struggling to break free haunted my dreams. And all the while I had stood there watching from the window…doing nothing.  
A whimper escaped unheeded from my lips. As if to offer comfort, Kelly sat beside me, cross-legged, the sweet scent of clover and sweat clinging to her clothing. I couldn’t see much of her in the dim corridor. Everything was dark here as we huddled in the deep bowels of the basement of the tall decaying building. While the beautiful ones—the blood drinkers, the murderers—roamed the outside world, we were stuck here. Unwashed bodies cramped together in fear, no better than cockroaches. 
It was the confinement that should have bothered me the most. After all, I’d never been content at our compound because I’d hungered for the freedom of the outside world. I’d escaped that prison for another. Instead of being trapped behind a fence, I was trapped by my fear. Hiding within the ruins of some former glorious city. What sort of life was this? 
“I know it’s hard to understand,” Kelly whispered. 
She talked to me a lot, but then being trapped inside your own body made for being a good listener. I hadn’t paid attention to everything she’d said, but there were times, like now, when I was more lucid and actually heard her words. I knew she had escaped years ago from her own compound. I knew she worried about the friends she’d left behind, and figured most were already dead. And I knew, even though she hadn’t told me, that she blamed herself. I knew because I, too, felt guilty. For Sally’s death, and for the deaths I knew were to come. 
“Brought some water.” Another male emerged from the shadows and set a container in front of me. 
Vaguely I remembered that he and Kelly were together, a couple of some sort. Two weeks ago I would have been utterly fascinated by their relationship, since we were encouraged not to form bonds at the compound. But now I had more important things to worry about. 
“Thanks, Tony.” She smiled and leaned over, pressing a kiss to his cheek as he knelt beside her. 
I’d always craved affection, wondering why we weren’t allowed to hug or hold hands, even though other compounds didn’t have these restrictions. Now I couldn’t stand the thought of someone touching me. Even when Kelly accidentally brushed my arm while offering a meal, the image of Sally being pinned to that table flashed to mind. And now, seeing Tony resting his hand on Kelly’s shoulder made me uneasy and slightly ill. 
Kelly lifted a chunk of rabbit meat to my face. “Won’t you eat?”
I managed to shift my gaze to the offering. But the meat only reminded me of the horrors I’d seen, of being hunted like prey. My stomach churned and I thought for a moment I might be sick. Repulsed, I looked away. 
Kelly’s boyfriend shook his blond head. “I know you mean well, but Will’s right. She’s too far gone. She won’t last much longer. It would be best not to form an attachment.” 
How ironic that I’d said those very words to my sister when she’d found an injured robin four weeks ago. Tony stood and moved away, disappearing into the dark shadows of the hall. But Kelly remained, her kind eyes worried, desperate, yet full of understanding. Vaguely I felt the stirrings of guilt, but the reaction wasn’t deep enough to actually force me into eating. 
“They think we’re nothing, you know. The beautiful ones think we can just be tossed aside like trash once they’re done with us.” She leaned forward, her eyes glimmering with sincerity under the lamplight. “You going to prove them right?” 
I wanted to respond. Somehow I managed to shift my gaze and look into her kind eyes. So kind. I wanted to reach out to her. To tell her what had happened, ask her to teach me how to forget so I could move on. But my body wouldn’t obey. My lips wouldn’t move. 
Her dark brows drew together. “You can hear me, can’t you?” 
I merely stared unblinkingly at her. 
After a few minutes of silence she sighed and set the food down, giving up on me. “Eat, if you can. You need it. You won’t last much longer if you don’t, and I really, really want you to stay with us.” 
My fingers curled as I tried to reach out and beg her to stay, but she didn’t notice. All too soon she walked away, headed down the corridor toward the others. Back to the living, the sane. Her footsteps faded into the silence. 
I was alone again.  
The thought of remaining trapped within these walls all by myself terrified me. But even if I managed to rouse, where would I go? I belonged nowhere, not with these people and not back at the compound. 
Exhausted by the thoughts buzzing through my mind, I closed my eyes, allowing my head to loll back against the cement wall. Two weeks. I’d been here two weeks. The days had blurred together so that it seemed like a lifetime. It didn’t help that in the skyscraper, as I’d heard one person call it, you couldn’t see the sun. 
I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to force myself to remember. Running from Will and his friends, thinking they were the enemy. Changing from the white gown the beautiful ones had dressed me in, into the discarded garments of some long-lost owner. I remembered getting the book, finally understanding the horrors of this new world. And then…and then I remembered fainting. When I’d woken, my body had not been my own, but a vessel that entombed me. They whispered that I’d lost my mind, gone insane. Maybe I had.  
At times I gained enough energy and consciousness to move. Or maybe my body was merely working on its own. I had gone outside the building to use the bathroom. I had eaten a few meals. I had bathed when they had brought me a bowl of cold water. Part of me wished I could return to normal, be human again. But most of me wanted to sink into oblivion forever. 
“Are you going to eat that?” someone whispered. 
Curious, slowly, somehow, I managed to turn my head toward the voice. From the dark corridor, a child stepped into the pool of lantern light. He was eight, maybe older. As he knelt beside my bowl of rabbit meat, a lock of scruffy brown hair fell across his brilliant blue eyes. He reminded me only too well of my brothers at the compound, waiting to be chosen, having no idea what they would go through in the years to come. Thank God they were not old enough to be picked. His attention darted from corner to corner, shadow to shadow, as if he wasn’t supposed to be here and worried about being caught. 
“Are you?” he asked urgently. “Seems stupid to let it go to waste.”
Had they told him not to speak to the crazy lady down the hall? That thought angered me for some reason. Will and his men thought I was a lost cause. Suddenly, I wanted to prove them wrong. I swallowed hard, my throat pained with the movement. “No,” I whispered, surprised the word had gotten up my thick throat, and over my dry lips.
He grinned, flashing white teeth only a child could own. Too young to have the rotten, brown stumps I’d seen at the castle on our kind. He seemed small for his age. At the compound back home we’d always had food. When we’d run low, the beautiful ones would bring baskets. They’d kept us nourished. They’d kept us like pets. Or like the cattle we were. To them we were food. No thoughts, no emotions, no more. 
I watched the boy as he scooped up meat with this dirty fingers and shoved it into his mouth like one unsure if it would be his last meal. Maybe it would. Maybe here we had little to eat, and would have to fend for ourselves. The thought didn’t upset me like it should have. 
I’d seen the boy before, peeking at me like I was some oddity, like the two-headed chicken that had been born in our compound three years ago. I didn’t want to be an oddity. I didn’t want Kelly gazing at me with sympathy, or Will with disgust. Determined, I focused on my body, and uncurled my legs. My limbs protested, pain breaking through the numbness. I’d been too still for far too long. 
“What’s your name?” I grimaced, attempting to think of something other than the thrumming ache pulsing through me. But I had moved, and the moment felt like one of the miracles I’d read about from a God I couldn’t began to understand.  
He swallowed his bite. “Jimmy, but I think I want to be called Jim. Sounds older, don’t you think?” 
I felt the first smile in days begin to curl my lips. “How…” Cringing, I swallowed over the painful dryness in my throat. My entire body felt as brittle as the grass in midsummer. “How long have you been here?” 
“Four years, maybe.” He frowned, setting the empty dish down. “Not sure.” 
Four years. He’d been here four years? I scanned the dark corridors, the depressing environment. How had they survived this long, hiding in dank, abandoned buildings? He would have been almost a babe then. What sort of life was this for a child? Desolate, I closed my eyes. Maybe my siblings were better off not knowing what lay ahead. 
“I came with my sister.” He hesitated, unsure, lost. “They were transporting us to the castle to become servants and we escaped with help from Will. But somehow we were separated.” 
Will? He would have been young four years ago, too young to be rescuing children and fighting beautiful ones. Had he been fifteen? Fourteen? He was probably only nineteen or twenty now. How long had Will been a part of this world? 
I stretched my fingers, cringing over the tightness of my tendons and muscles, fully expecting something to snap off. Even in the low light I could see the bones, the narrowness of my wrists. Will was right, I had lost weight. It upset me. When all I’d wanted to do minutes before was curl up and die, for some reason at that moment I grew angry. Angry that the beautiful ones had captured my freedom as they’d destroyed my mind. Angry that Jim was here with no mother, no father, hiding for his life. But mostly angry that I had given up.  
“How many of us are here?” 
He shrugged again, looking thoughtful. “Probably around twenty-five. They come and go.” 
I rolled my feet, the boots I’d been given heavy and cumbersome on my weak ankles. “Come and go?”
“Oh yes,” he said, nodding. “There are many groups out there, always on the move.”
Many groups. Startled, I paused. Many chosen ones who had escaped? The realization that there were more of us shocked, but buoyed me. My mind began to spin slowly, like a rusty wheel desperate to work. “Jim, how much land is out there?”
“Lots!” He pulled a small book from his back pocket, his face glowing. His interest was suddenly mine. “Look.” 
He settled next to me on my pile of ratty blankets and opened the book. But the picture made no sense to me. With an unsteady hand, I pulled the lantern closer, highlighting his dirty face. 
“I found this awhile back. It’s amazing.” He pointed to a circle on the page. “This is earth. The world where we live.”
Leery, I frowned. “What do you mean?”
“This!” He pointed to the ground, his excitement almost tangible. For the first time in weeks I felt something stir within, something that felt oddly like life. “What we’re standing on is a huge ball!”
I shook my head; it was utterly ridiculous and insane. “We live on a ball?”
He nodded. “I swear, it’s true! And these…” He pointed to a variety of shapes. “Are different countries.”
“Countries?” 
He nodded, but didn’t explain. “And this is the ocean.” 
He pointed toward the blue area surrounding the countries. I’d read about the ocean, although never seen it. Could it possibly be truth and not myth? A body of water so large that you couldn’t see land? Where fish bigger than humans swam? If vampires were real, maybe the ocean was as well. 
“We live here. Somewhere.” He pointed toward a large shape of land. “And somewhere out there is more land like ours. Other countries with other types of animals and people.” 
“You’re positive?”
He shrugged, looking hesitant. “I think so. Will thinks so. We all think so.” 
The thought sent my heart hammering. “Can I read your book?”
“Sure. Just don’t lose it. It’s my favorite.” 
I nodded, taking the small novel. How I understood. At one time I had also kept my prized books safe, when things like that mattered. “And there are other groups out there, in this world? Groups like us?” 
He nodded, scooting closer so his warm body pressed into mine. He smelled like dirt and rabbit stew, but I didn’t mind. The pressure of his form seemed to wake something deep within me, cracking the ice that had frozen around my heart.  
Slowly, I flipped through the book of maps. All these years I’d been right. Although it was almost unbelievable, I knew in my gut it was true. There was more to this world, so much more than our fenced-in compounds. So much more than I’d ever dreamt. The realization made me forget the darkness constantly tugging at the hem of my shirt, begging for attention like some crying child. I wasn’t sure whether to be thrilled or terrified. I settled on bemused. 
I took in a deep trembling breath and glanced around me, truly seeing the hall, the building, Jim for the first time. The corridor ran into a large, open room that was just visible in the distance, aglow with lantern light and crowded with people. We were in the bottom of the building, hidden deep within. No windows. To escape we’d have to go upstairs and back into that abandoned city. An entire world was out there…waiting to be discovered, yet we hid in the dark like worms. 
“So,” Jim said, drawing his fingers down the greasy pan and licking off the drops. “You okay now?”
“Maybe.” As I responded, my mind betrayed and mocked me. The images from the castle came whispering back, taunting. Sally…blood. So much blood. I could feel it coming…the horror washing over me, sucking me down into the darkness. No. No, I wouldn’t let it.
“Jane?” the boy called out, leaning close. 
If I didn’t stop the darkness, soon I’d be there again…drowning…drowning. I pressed my palms to my temples, trying to stop the enveloping numbness from sweeping over me. 
“Jane?” Jim called out again, a lifeline pulling me toward the light. “Are you okay?” 
His sticky fingers touched my arm, jerking me back into reality. For a moment I merely sat there taking in shallow breaths, trying to control the fear, trying to focus on Jim and his worried gaze. I was alive. I would be healthy again. At the moment, there was nothing to fear. 
Slowly, I gave him a trembling smile. The numbness faded, the world coming sharply back into focus. I’d won this time, but I could feel it there, lurking in the shadows, just waiting for that moment of weakness. “I’m okay.” 
He grinned. “Good, because I have more books and—”
A bell clanged from somewhere in the main room, the sound echoing obtrusively down the hall. Jarred, I stiffened, my heart slamming wildly against my ribs. “What is that?” 
Jim scrambled to his feet, accidentally kicking the pan across the floor, his movements frantic and hurried. 
“Jim,” I reached out, grasping onto his arm before he had a chance to bolt. “What is it?” 
He turned toward me, those innocent eyes wide with fear. “The beautiful ones, they’re here! Run!” 


Chapter 2

“You want to live?” Suddenly Will loomed over me, sword in hand. His appearance jerked me from my stupor. He tore Jim from my grip and shoved the boy down the hall. “Get off your ass. You don’t, you’ll die under their hands.” 
The sound of terrified screams startled me. The noise was too much like the killings that had happened at the castle, the shrieks I’d heard when I’d lived in the compound. Fear held me immobile and all I could do was stare down that dark hall, waiting for the beautiful ones to appear and destroy me for good. 
Will shoved a sword into my hands. “Jimmy, find Kelly and gather the kids.” 
I fumbled to grasp the cumbersome, unfamiliar weapon. “Wh…what do I do with it?”
“Cut off their heads,” Will explained. “It’s the only way to make sure they’re dead.”
I stared unblinkingly at him. “Cut off their heads?”
The words made no sense to me. Before I could ask him to repeat his command, because surely I’d misheard him, he spun around and raced toward the great room, into the fray. I wondered, for a brief moment, if I would ever see him again. It was an odd disconnected thought, like wondering if it would rain that day, and not really caring either way. 
“Run!” someone cried, the high-pitched scream raising the fine hairs on the back of my neck. 
Slowly, I lowered my gaze to the sword. It might as well have been one of the computers I’d read about in my books, for it made about as much sense. I didn’t know how to fight. I, apparently, didn’t know much of anything. The absurdity of it all had me laughing for the first time in weeks: a harsh, dry cackle that made me sound more like a witch than a human. 
Shaking my head, I tried to clear my muddled mind. I wasn’t sure which terrified me more, my crazed, wayward thoughts or the idea of the beautiful ones arriving. One thing was clear…I needed to move or I would die. Somehow I managed to tuck my feet underneath me, and using the wall for support, I stood. The sword began to slip from my damp hands. I caught it just before it clanged to the floor. But I didn’t have time to breathe a sigh of relief. The screams and shouts of those in the great room echoed like an endless nightmare down the hall, rolling toward me and vibrating against my skull. The attacks were happening all over again. But this time, I had a feeling I wouldn’t survive.  
“Run!” a nameless human cried out, a shadow that darted by me. 
Run where, I wanted to scream back. Instead, I squeezed my eyes shut, and tried to pretend I was anywhere but there in that crumbling building. Why couldn’t that mind-numbing darkness come now? But no, I was left with only cold, harsh reality. I gripped the hilt of the sword tighter. I’d hide until they left. They wouldn’t make it down here, this far into the building. Will would stop them, wouldn’t he? Another cry echoed down the hall. I cringed, sweat breaking out across my forehead. The scream was closer. Too close. 
The beautiful ones had arrived, and they were headed my way. 
The sudden pounding of footsteps had me pushing away from the wall, sword gripped tightly in front of me. Jim burst from the darkness, followed by five other children. 
“Hurry, Jane,” he panted, the look of terror in his innocent eyes almost my undoing. “We’re headed to the children’s ward to hide. Come with us!” 
But he was gone before I could question him further, the other children following his lead, melting into the shadows toward some unknown destination. They’d done this before, they knew where they were going. I knew nothing. 
“Wait!” I called out, but my cry was lost within the screams of those from the great room. 
Terror gripped me in its icy clutches and wouldn’t let go. It took all the strength I had to move, my legs shaking so badly I thought for sure I’d trip and impale myself on the sword. I didn’t know where the children’s ward was located and could no longer hear their footsteps over the cries of those dying down the hall, but one thing remained first and foremost in my mind…if they were headed into a room here with no windows and only one exit, then they were as good as dead if the beautiful ones broke through Will’s defense.  
“Go!” Kelly suddenly appeared, grabbing onto my arm and pulling me down the hall. She looked as frightened as Jim, and her terror disturbed and terrified me all at once. I had counted on them to lead the way, to know what to do, but I was left with the disheartening realization that Kelly, Will, all of them, weren’t any more prepared than I was. 
“We have to hide with the children.” 
“But, Kelly…” 
She ran too fast and my weak body couldn’t keep pace. My hand slipped from hers. She didn’t look back, but raced ahead after the children, assuming I’d follow. Using the wall as support, I somehow managed to stumble forward, moving in a daze. But my muscles trembled from disuse, and my mind was beginning to shut down, the light fading, that blissful numbness calling to me. 
I turned the corner, hoping my legs wouldn’t give out. The group was gone. Two long, dark halls remained. Panting in indecision, I merely stood there, the sword hanging heavily from my fingertips. I could hide. It would be easy…so easy to fall back into that world of nothingness, a world without pain, without fear. 
Shouts rang out, startling me. The noise came from nowhere and everywhere at once. Left and right, it echoed against the stone walls so I wasn’t sure which direction they were headed. 
Dropping the sword with a clang, I pressed my palms to my ears and squeezed my eyes shut. “No, no, no.” 
A place to hide. Rationally, I knew I needed somewhere to hide. Shoving aside the numbness, I scooped up a lantern in one hand and the sword in my other. There was still a tiny kernel of fight left within me. I needed to try, at least, to live. I shuffled down the hall, searching the darkness, hoping to find some hidden door where the real world couldn’t penetrate. The further into the bowels of the skyscraper I traveled, the softer the sounds became, giving me hope. Maybe the children were right to come this way, maybe they would be safe deep within the earth. Holding the lantern high, I turned a corner and paused. There, on the ground, a body lay sprawled across the corridor. I recognized him as one of Will’s men, but didn’t know his name.
“Hey,” I called out in a harsh whisper. “You need to get up!” 
He didn’t move.  
Gingerly, I inched toward him, his pale hair shimmering in the lantern light like the golden necklaces I’d seen the beautiful ones wear. Surely he couldn’t have been sleeping through the attack. I knelt and reached out, pushing on his shoulder. No movement. Strange. I grabbed the lantern, bringing it closer and it was only then that I noticed the dark red pool of blood surrounding his head and shoulders. Surging upright, I tripped over my own feet. The beautiful ones had made it to the children’s ward. 
My heart leapt into my throat, my mouth going dry. Frantically, I searched the area, attempting to decipher man from shadow, to hear the sound of unwelcome footsteps over the rapid beat of my heart. But I could barely hear anything and my mind refused to think.  
Go! Run! My instincts screamed at me. 
Stumbling, I stepped around the body, not daring to give it more than a glance. Some sort of metal desk blocked the hall. Clutching my sword, I sat on the discarded furniture and scooted over the top, making sure not to cut myself on the rust. One cut and the injury could become infected. I’d seen it happen more than once. Not that it would matter if a beautiful one found me. 
Where had the children gone? Were they already dead? The sound of laughter, a merry chuckle, floated down the hall. A beautiful one. The constant fear I’d felt fled. I had to find Kelly and Jim before it was too late. 
Like the very world mocked me, a high-pitched scream rent the air, a terrifying wail that sent chills over my skin. Searching for Kelly and Jim would be suicide. Stupid. And I’d never been stupid. I slumped down against the wall, hidden behind the desk. I would survive this. I had before. I would hide here until they left. Besides, even if I wanted to leave, I couldn’t. My body was trembling so badly I wasn’t sure if I could move, let alone run or swing the sword. Still, I clasped the hilt like it was my only link between life and death. 
“Fire!” someone yelled. 
Fire? For a brief moment my confused mind couldn’t process the thought. Then it hit me…they were going to smoke us out. Tom had done it before with the rabbits when they were eating the crops. Sure enough, moments later I smelled the telltale scent of smoke drifting down the corridor. Clutching the sword, I lowered myself to the ground where the air would remain fresh. There was no choice, I had to find a way out. Gingerly, I slid the sword into the back of my shirt, using it as a makeshift sheath, the cold blade resting against the skin between my shoulder blades. On my hands and knees, I started crawling away from the desk, hoping there would be an exit ahead. 
“Leave her alone!” Jim’s voice pierced through the surge of cries, a tiny voice within a sea of monstrous growls. 
“Jim?” I whispered. 
“Help!” the boy screamed, as if sensing me. “Help us!” 
I glanced back, hoping to see Will charging through the smoke, but I was alone. Utterly alone. I forced my legs to hold me and stood, pulling the sword from my shirt and stumbling toward Jim’s cry. As much as I was loathe to admit it, the cowardly part of me wished I could run the other way. But the children were being attacked and no one was coming to their rescue. Racing down the hall toward Jim’s scream, I realized in the deep recesses of my mind that I was most likely running toward death. My footsteps slowed. Sally had died alone because I’d been too much of a coward to help her—I would not make that mistake now. 
At the end of the hall I paused for a brief moment to catch my breath. The smoke, at least, had not reached this hall yet. Taking in a deep breath, I peeked around the corner and studied the children’s ward. Not quite as big as the great hall, but it was a wide, open space with cots and lanterns for the children. They’d done their best to make it a home. And now it was a trap, a coffin. 
Kelly stood in front of the children, a useless dagger in hand as she tried her best to protect them. A tall man with long, dark hair and clothes of colorful silk had them cornered. My fear gave way to anger. What had Will been thinking to send one person to protect a group of little ones? 
“Please,” Kelly whispered, her wide eyes shimmering with unshed tears. “They’re just children. They aren’t ripe. You have no use for them, let them go. Take me instead.”
I pulled back, hiding behind the wall, and staring up at the dark ceiling in indecision. Could Kelly and I take the man together, or was he stronger than even the both of us combined? I closed my eyes, sucking in a reassuring breath. They had saved me. They had brought me here. Fed me. I owed them. 
“Shut up, cow,” the beautiful one growled. 
I opened my eyes, my hands tightening around the hilt of my sword. How I hated him. Hated that perfect face and fine clothing. Hated that he controlled whether we lived or died. 
“Not today,” I whispered. 
Today I’d save Kelly and Jim even if it meant giving up my own worthless life. I swiped the sweat from my brow. If I raced into that room and attacked, he would most likely end up killing us all. My body was too weak to fight him. But maybe…just maybe I could lure him away until Will and his friends got there. 
I focused on the area around me. Something. I needed…
A piece of cement lay only a few feet away, a chunk that had fallen from the decaying walls. Determined, I drew back my leg and kicked the small rock. It went skittering across the floor, hitting the wall with a ping. Not loud, but loud enough for the beautiful one to hear.  
I didn’t wait around to see if he followed. If I wanted any chance at all to survive, I wouldn’t have time. Using what little energy that remained in my body, I raced down the hall, into the darkness. The sound of my own exhausted pant made it impossible for me to hear if he followed. Part of me hoped he did, the other part, the cowardly part, hoped he hadn’t. 
As I turned the corner I dove into a wall of smoke. Lanterns that had been left behind gave the corridor an eerie yellow haze, only adding to the nightmarish atmosphere. I coughed, covering my mouth and nose with the neckline of my shirt. At the end of the hall I turned left, away from the smoke burning my eyes and choking the air from my lungs. Seeing that familiar desk, I dove over it and fell to the ground. The body of Will’s friend lay just a few feet away. 
Terrified, I huddled behind that desk, clutching the sword against my chest, and waited. As the minutes ticked, I had the unsettling realization that the screams had stopped. Silence meant one of two things…either the beautiful ones had killed everyone, or Will and his men had won. Sweat trailed down my forehead, stinging my eyes, but I didn’t dare move to brush it away. 
“Please, please let them be alive,” I whispered. 
“This way, I’m sure of it,” a man’s melodic voice echoed down the hall. 
Not Will or any of his friends. No, this voice was too perfect, too beautiful. I cringed, biting my lip to keep from whimpering. The man from the children’s room. A beautiful one. He had followed me after all. Elation fought with terror. I gripped the sword with damp palms. 
Cut off his head. Cut off his head. 
Will’s words of wisdom repeated over and over through my mind and I almost laughed at the absurdity of it all. Right, I’d merely attack him, cut off his head, and then we’d all live happily ever after. 
“Roman, you idiot, you’re just hearing things,” another man muttered. 
I stiffened in horror. Two beautiful ones? 
Footsteps thudded against the floor, vibrating the very hall. I was going to die. Sally flashed to mind, beautiful in her white gown right before the beautiful ones had attacked and murdered her, draining her blood… 
“I can smell you,” Roman said, chuckling as if it was all some game. 
The acidic taste of bile surged up my throat. He knew I was here. The idea of a surprise attack fled just as quickly as it had come. 
“It’s all right,” Roman said in a soft, kind voice that mocked the horror of my situation. “Everything will be fine. Just come out. We will forgive you.” 
His friend started laughing, the joke apparently highly amusing. Just like that my fear gave way to anger, a burning hatred that pulsed through my veins. My grip tightened around the hilt, and the urge to jump to my feet and swing that sword overwhelmed me. But I wasn’t trained to fight, and so I would have to use my brains instead. 
“Come, my dear,” Roman’s friend called out. “The waiting will only make it worse.”  
How little he knew. The waiting was all I had. His sweet scent floated toward me and I realized just how near they were. Their footsteps thudded close. So close that dust and debris fell from the ceiling, pattering to the ground at my feet.  
“She’s here,” Roman whispered. “I can smell her.” He jumped atop the desk with a thunk, a dark shadow that suddenly hovered over me. “Hello, my love.” 
I didn’t scream, I didn’t cry. Instead, I grew oddly calm. As he leapt from the desk I did the only thing I could—I lifted the sword. The entire world seemed to slow down. Instinctively, I closed my eyes as he fell upon the blade. I could hear the swoosh of the steel going through his torso and then suddenly he landed atop me, flattening me to the ground. Shocked, for a long moment I merely lay there under his weight, the hilt of the sword digging into my gut while his warm blood poured down around me, soaking my silly ruffled shirt. 
“Roman?” his friend cried out, followed by the thunder of feet.  
I used what little strength I had left to push him off me. He rolled onto his side, my sword still piercing his torso. With my heart hammering wildly against my rib cage, my body and mind screaming at me to run, I pressed my feet into his chest and pulled the sword free. It was as the blade was back in my hands that I heard him groan. I froze for a split second, realizing he still lived. 
Behead him. Behead him. 
I jumped to my feet. I didn’t think, merely lifted the weapon and swung. The blade sliced through his neck, only to come to a stuttering halt as it hit bone. 
“Ahhh!” he cried out, clawing at the weapon. 
Determined, I shoved my foot into his chest for momentum, and pulled the blade free. 
“You bitch!” his friend screamed. 
As the other beautiful one jumped at me, I swung the sword for a second time, this one harder. The blade sliced through Roman’s neck, hitting the cement floor with a thud. His head tumbled away, rolling down the corridor like a ball. It was done. Before I could lift my weapon again, the other beautiful one was over the desk and on me. We fell to the ground, my skull slamming against the hard floor. Pain shot down my spine. A startled cry escaped my lips as the world around me wavered in and out of focus. 
Weak and stunned, the sword slipped from my grip, clanging across the floor. In the low lantern light I could see the hatred in his gaze, the look of pure determination to take my life. He gripped my neck with his strong fingers. The air around me fled. My head pounded, my lungs burning. 
Something…I needed something. Frantic, I swung my arm wide, reaching out… My fingers brushed the cold metal of my sword. I gripped the blade, not even pausing when it cut into my hand, and swung it toward his head. The hilt of the sword hit his temple. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to make him loosen his hold. Wonderful air seeped down my throat and into my lungs. Gasping, I sucked in as much as I could. 
“You’ll pay, cow.” Hands raised, he started toward my throat once more. 
Whimpering, I shoved my feet into the floor, trying to throw him off, but he wouldn’t budge. Those strong fingers caught my neck again. I clasped his wrists, digging my nails into his flesh. It did no good. I was going to die after all. The light faded, and my lungs burned with an intensity that had tears blurring my vision. I shifted my gaze, refusing to look into his eyes when I died, and that’s when I saw Will standing on the desk.
For a brief moment I thought I’d imagined him…until he jumped. With a cry, he leaped down, swinging his sword in a great arc like one of the warriors I’d read about. The blade hit the vampire’s neck. It didn’t pause as mine had, but swiped cleanly through the animal as Will landed nimbly on his feet beside us.   
The beautiful one collapsed onto his side, his head rolling down the hall and into the shadows. I was barely aware of the blood splattering across my trousers. Because as that head rolled to a stop against the wall, I was reminded of Thanatos and the way he’d ripped that man’s head from his body the night he’d saved me. The night I’d realize just how strong the beautiful ones really were. 
Thanatos. 
I hadn’t thought about him in days. Suddenly, the entire skyscraper faded. Will, who was checking the bodies to make sure both beautiful ones were truly dead, no longer mattered. The smoke curling down the hall wasn’t important. All these days while I’d been half-dead, the memory of Thanatos had been like a mere dream, something that tempted me when I slept. Had he been enemy or friend? 
Lantern light suddenly flashed across my face, momentarily blinding me and bringing me back into reality.  “You okay?” Will asked, kneeling in front of me. 
I nodded, although I wasn’t sure. Physically, yes, I supposed I was well enough, although my throat hurt. Emotionally, I wasn’t sure I’d ever be okay again. I swallowed hard, daring to look at the two bodies, still unmoving. So much blood. Thanatos was a beautiful one, he belonged with them, yet he had saved me, hadn’t he? I wasn’t sure anymore. The entire time at the castle was a blur. 
“Jane?” Will watched me with a critical eye, as if he searched for something, yet wasn’t quite sure what he looked for. “You saved them.”
I didn’t respond. There was a question to this statement, although what he asked I didn’t know, nor did I care. My gaze dropped to the two bodies near my feet; they were beings who had been breathing only moments before. I had killed one. I had taken a life. Oddly, I felt numb about the whole thing. There was no sense of vengeance or relief, only nothingness. 
“Kelly and the children…you saved them. I saw you.” 
“Yeah,” I whispered, my throat painfully sore. I swore I could still feel his fingers around my neck. I crossed my arms, hoping Will didn’t noticed how much I trembled. “I couldn’t let them die. Not like that.”
He nodded like he understood. And he did. Will had saved me. He’d saved hundreds in this never-ending battle. “They’re dead, the few blood drinkers who found our lair. But we have to leave the city. It’s been compromised.” 
I didn’t protest. There was nothing here for me. I belonged nowhere. He reached out his hand. I hesitated, staring at his strong fingers and thinking of the beautiful one who had tried to choke me. But Will wasn’t a vampire. He was human, like me. Steeling my nerves, I slipped my hand into his. He pulled me easily to my feet but didn’t release my hand. 
“Are you back now?” he asked, his breath warm across my face. 
I wanted to shrink away. “I don’t know.” I wasn’t sure. “Maybe.” 
“Good.” 
“They’re here!” Kelly called out, her voice echoing down the hall, followed by the thunder of footsteps. I’d never been so happy to see her. 
I pulled my hand from Will’s just as she came running up to the desk, Tony behind her. 
Her wide gaze followed the pattern of blood covering my clothing, then jumped up to my face. “Are you okay?”
I nodded, watching them warily as they climbed over the desk. Being this close, having them stare…it was all too intimate. 
“Did you…” She looked down at the mess of blood and body parts littering the ground. I knew what she was asking. Funny, how only two weeks ago death, destruction, and blood had sent me into a tailspin. Now I could look at it without flinching.  
“I only killed one,” I replied, feeling slightly uncomfortable under their intense scrutiny. They were looking at me differently. Shocked, yes, but something else…as if they expected more from me now. I wasn’t sure I could offer more. 
“Just one?” Kelly laughed and wrapped her arm around my shoulders, pulling me close for a hug, despite my bloody clothing. I remained stiff, counting down the seconds until she finally released me and I could breathe again. “Just one?” 
“Holy crap, she killed a beautiful one?” Tony said, looking at Will for confirmation. 
I didn’t bother to explain that my killing had been more about luck than strength or cunning. Will picked up my sword, swiped the blood off with his shirt, and then handed it to me. “Well done. It’s yours now.”
I took the weapon, the weight reassuring in some way. When my sister was little she’d made herself a doll out of wheat stalks and a dried apple. She’d kept that doll with her until it had fallen apart. She said it made her feel better, safe. Holding the sword, I finally understood.  
“We have to leave. They’ve found our base,” Will said, leaping over the desk with the agility of a guy who’d been running his entire life. “It’s time to move before they return with reinforcements.”
He and Tony started back toward the main room, dismissing me and the killings. It was back to business. This was my new normal. I had no friends, no family. I had nowhere to go but with them. 
“Congrats.” Kelly grinned, helping me over the desk. “Not only did you save a room full of kids, you also killed your first beautiful one.”
I didn’t respond. As we made our way down the hall I couldn’t help but glance back. I couldn’t see the bodies, but I knew they were there. Like ghosts, they followed me. 
How quickly my life had changed. They’d murdered Sally, and now I had gotten back at them. An eye for an eye—I supposed I finally understood that saying. It had taken the death of a beautiful one to bring me back to life. This was what revenge was all about. So why, then, didn’t I feel any better? 


Chapter 3


They burned the bodies. 
To make sure there were no remains, no evidence, Kelly had explained. I said nothing as I watched the corpses fry; my throat hurt too much to speak. But even the overwhelming scent, so repulsive that I thought I might vomit, didn’t deter me from watching. Who would have thought something so beautiful could have smelled so badly?
As ill as I felt, I stayed because I too wanted to make sure they were truly gone. I wanted them dead. Hated them with a burning passion that matched the heat of the flames before me. It was the only feeling that kept me in the here and now. Yet, seeing their perfect faces burn, the skin practically melting from their skulls, was something that would give me nightmares for years, if I lived that long, and I found I couldn’t look away from the grotesqueness of it all. 
“Well, we got to stay here for two months,” Kelly sighed. “Longer than most places.” 
She wasn’t watching the bodies burn; the common sight didn’t concern her in the least. Instead, her gaze was focused on the building in the background. The place where we’d been living only an hour earlier. Smoke trailed from the open windows in thick, black clouds, the scent heavy in the air. I realized how close we’d been to burning like the beautiful ones.  
Disconcerted, I tore my gaze from the smoke and refocused on the fire. But killing them made little difference. I still felt their presence, hidden within the shadows, waiting for me to sleep. They followed me like the scent of smoke clinging to my clothing. The weight of my sword nestled in the leather sheath Kelly had given me made me feel somewhat better, but not much. Somehow we had survived, but would we next time? 
I watched with a cold detachment as two of Will’s men tossed the body of yet another beautiful one into the flames. The fourth and last. Amazing how so few vampires could do so much damage. 
“Are you all right?” Kelly asked, resting a hand on my shoulder. 
Her touch startled me from my stupor, and made me uncomfortable. I stepped away, avoiding eye contact for fear she’d see the unease in my gaze and know that I hadn’t returned to normal after all. 
“Yes.” And I was well enough. At least I could move, I could speak, I might be able to eat without getting ill. I was certainly better than I’d been in the last two weeks. But I was still numb…so numb inside and out, deep within my bones. I didn’t think the feeling would ever truly go away. I was like early spring when the ground looked soft and thawed. Yet, if you tried to dig deep you’d find it hard and frozen. 
“It…seems sacrilegious in some way, killing something so beautiful.” 
“Sacrilegious?” Tony laughed, as he sidled up next to Kelly and threw his arm over her shoulders. 
Will merely studied me thoughtfully from the opposite side of the bonfire, his eyes unreadable. I admit a part of me wondered what he thought. Was he disappointed I hadn’t worked harder, or relieved that I’d finally broken out of my stupor? A log in the fire popped, sending a whirl of sparks into the air and pulling my attention from Will. Pretty, really. I watched until the sparks disappeared into the late afternoon sky. It had been days since I’d seen the clouds. 
“Don’t know what sacrilegious means,” Tony said. “But I say a dead beautiful one is a good beautiful one.” 
One of Will’s men nodded his head, agreeing. 
There was something about Tony I didn’t like. He nuzzled Kelly’s neck, his blue eyes hard, soulless, too much like the beautiful ones. But I couldn’t blame him, could I? After experiencing what I’d experienced, every day I felt as if I was growing colder. Maybe I didn’t care for Tony not because he reminded me of the beautiful ones, but because he reminded me of what I was becoming. 
“We should move out,” Will said. 
But before any of us could take a step, Kelly cried out. “You’re injured!” 
It wasn’t until she pushed away from Tony and grabbed my hand that I realized she was talking to me. She smelled like smoke from the burning skyscraper, but then we all did. And like her, dark smudges of soot marked my arms and probably my face as I’d brushed against burning rubble to free myself from the cement tomb. At least in the compound we’d bathed often. Here, there were no rules to abide by and I wondered if I’d ever feel clean again. 
“Not good,” she murmured, still focused on my wound. 
I’d forgotten about the injury I’d received when I’d killed the beautiful one. The red gash seemed so insignificant after all that had happened. In fact, the stinging pain where my own sword had sliced my palm had become a part of me, like the beating of my heart. “It’s fine.” 
I pulled away from her. Honestly, I liked the pain; it reminded me I was human, alive. That pain kept me grounded in the real world when I feared I could so easily slip away again.  
“No, it’s not fine.” She sighed, her concern touching and annoying. “Will?”
He nodded toward a pile of rubble along the side of the road. “Come on.”
A blush crept its way up my neck and into my cheeks. I wished she hadn’t said anything. It wasn’t as if I needed even more attention than I’d been getting the past two weeks. I’d taken up too much of their time already, I didn’t want to be a burden. Reluctantly, I followed him, weaving my way around the chunks of cement that had fallen from the tall skyscrapers surrounding us. Although the buildings were broken and destroyed, it still made me dizzy when I looked up at them. I focused on my feet instead, concentrating on my dusty boots. 
Will settled on a large boulder and pulled open his pack. “You should have told someone you were injured.”
Flustered and embarrassed, I shrugged. “Does it matter?”
“You know it does.” He wrapped his fingers around my wrist and pulled me close. His touch was warm and so human that it made me flinch. It was too much feeling at once, my mind and body couldn’t handle the sensation. “You might have lived in a compound but even you know it could become infected.”
“And what? I’d die from infection instead of by the hands of the beautiful ones?” Even I was surprised by the sharp bitterness in my tone. How much I’d changed in the last two weeks. At least in that compound I’d still had hope. 
He glanced up at me through his lashes. “We do actually have lives here, you know. Something worth living for.”
As if to mock my bitterness, a tiny white butterfly fluttered around my head, before catching the breeze and drifting away into the smoke. A brief moment of loveliness, perhaps something I’d imagined. I released a harsh laugh and glanced around the ruins. There was nothing left of this civilization but gray destruction. The butterfly, as tiny as it was, had a life. We didn’t. 
“Really? Constantly on the run, dying at a young age, no real home to speak of…yes, that’s quite the life.”
I was angry, to say the least. But he didn’t look upset, mostly thoughtful as he tilted his head to the side. 
“Here, maybe.” He pulled out a metal container of some sort. “But there are others who have compounds further west. Compounds where they have lived for years in peace. Men and women as old as the servants at their castle.”
Could it really be true? He spread some sort of ointment over my cut, the medicine sticky and sweet smelling. Although his touch stung, his fingers brushing over my palm sent an odd warmth through my body, a feeling I didn’t really understand. Maybe I wasn’t quite numb after all. “You know this for a fact?”
He pulled out a roll of clean cloth. “I do.” Smiling, he began to wind the cloth around my palm. “So see, we can have a life out there. And these kids…that’s where they’ll eventually end up.”
I glanced at the group of children who stood by, playing in the rubble. They were already over the attack. To them this was normal, nothing to dwell upon, nothing to cry over. They actually believed they were going west, and that they would grow up in a better place. Personally, I couldn’t imagine us making it another couple of days. I saw no hope within their round faces, only pain and death to come. 
“We need to move,” Will called out to the group, already dismissing me, assuming the role of leader once more. He stood, swiping his hands against his black trousers as if to rid himself of my touch. “Gather the supplies, whatever we can carry.” 
There were fifteen other chosen ones huddled around the flames, watching the beautiful ones burn. Fifteen, which meant if Jim had been right, quite a few had died in those halls. I glanced back at the huge building, smoke pouring from the open windows in thick black clouds that would surely draw attention. A fire the beautiful ones had started, thinking to smoke us out. Only a few beautiful ones, yet they had done so much damage. Still, there was a tiny kernel of hope. I looked at the fire. They might not be human, but they could be killed like one. 
“Let’s head out.” Will scooped up his bag and started down a road, disappearing between two large buildings. 
“Here.” Kelly handed me a pack. “Supplies, in case we’re separated. Extra clothes, few dried fruits, water.” 
I lifted the bag, testing the heaviness. The weight alone would do me in within an hour. Determined not to complain, I slid the straps over my shoulders, allowing the bag to rest against the sword at my back. They would not know how heavy the satchel felt, I was determined to make it on my own.  
“Thanks.” Without waiting for Kelly, I hurried toward Will. I’d thought after he’d praised my abilities during the attack inside that he respected me at least a little. But maybe not. For the most part he’d avoided eye contact, moving away whenever I tried to get close to him to ask questions. It was obvious he didn’t want to be around me, although why I wasn’t sure. My legs trembled from disuse but I wouldn’t relent, I would get my answers. 
“Will,” I called out as I followed him down the road. A few people looked back, curious. Will wasn’t one of them. He didn’t slow, didn’t even respond. I wondered briefly where the man was who had so gently carried me into that skyscraper two weeks ago. Apparently I’d worn out my welcome. Then again I didn’t blame him for being disgusted with me. 
The group ahead climbed over a pile of debris without pause, as if it was merely part of the natural landscape. I crawled up the broken cement like a toddler, unsteady and unsure of my footing. By the time my feet hit the ground, I was exhausted. 
“Linda.” He finally paused where the road ended in an embankment of debris and dirt, and I was able to catch up. “Take the younger ones and head south. We’ll lead the blood suckers west and meet at the river base in a few days.” 
The woman with the brown hair and quiet disposition nodded. I questioned Will’s decision, although I knew better than to speak my worries aloud. Was it really ideal separating the kids from adults? 
“You know what to do if anything happens.” 
She nodded again, quick to obey. I frowned, wondering what, exactly, they were supposed to do. A group of kids and one woman? The idea sounded about as good as sending them all into that windowless room in the skyscraper. 
“Sam, Jon,” she called out, clapping her hands to gather the young ones. They went grudgingly, sending wistful glances toward us. It was obvious they all thought Will was akin to the Gods I’d read about in my books. Everyone here placed him on a pedestal, which is why I didn’t dare question his decisions. Not when it was obvious they were reluctant to allow me to enter their fold. 
As Linda headed back through town, the five younger ones followed her like little chicks after a hen. I was glad to see she wouldn’t go alone, as two of Will’s men went with them. The youngest child was most likely six. So small, but not innocent. No, no one was innocent here. I watched them until they headed down an adjacent road, disappearing behind the ruins of another building that had once been a skyscraper. I did not wish them luck, for luck meant there was actually hope. Instead, I merely wondered if they would actually make it to the meeting point at all. 
“Jimmy,” Will said. “What are you still doing here?” 
“I won’t go with them, Will. I won’t,” Jimmy snapped, his grubby hands balling into fists. His face was covered in soot, his brown hair almost black. He needed a good meal and a good scrubbing. “I’m old enough now to stay with you.”
They stared at each other in a silent battle of stubbornness. Forgetting my head and body aches for a brief moment, I felt the corners of my mouth quirk. Jim so reminded me of my brothers. But just as quickly as my amusement came, it faded. Who knew if my siblings even still lived? Every single person I had grown up with, every single person I called a friend, could be dead by now. 
“Fine,” Will said, raking his hands through his hair in a flustered movement. So, Will did have compassion after all. I hadn’t imagined it two weeks ago. “Stay. But you know the rules.” 
Jim nodded, glowing with a happiness I envied. How I wished something that simple could make me excited again. But I had a feeling I’d never know peace, let alone joy. How could any of them, knowing what they knew?
Appeased, Jim fell into step with the ten of us who continued on, up the hill. I was at the back, panting in my haste to keep pace with the group, torn between scurrying after Will, and letting them go ahead just so I could rest for a few minutes. 
Not one person seemed worried about an attack. Did they know something I didn’t, or were they merely so used to the fighting that the fear didn’t bother them? Not so at ease, I studied our surroundings. Every little noise made me jump. The trees were slowly coming to life, leaves uncurling, the earth damp and musky with rain. A few tiny blue and white flowers dotted the landscape, flowers I’d never seen before. After years and years of wondering what was out there, I finally knew. But it wasn’t what I had expected. Yes, there was beauty here, but it was lost under the brutality of the blood drinkers. How ironic that I’d finally gotten what I wanted, and now wished for anything but this. 
We started up a hill, my calves knotting with exertion. I wasn’t sure how far we would travel, but I wouldn’t last long. I cursed myself for sitting for two weeks, cursed myself for allowing the beautiful ones to destroy my spirit. But I was determined. Taking in a deep breath, I surged forward, passing the others in my haste to get to Will. 
“How do you know the beautiful ones will follow us and not the children?” I asked, breathless as I reached his side. 
Will didn’t answer, Tony did. “Because we always take the worn paths, the obvious trails, drawing them away from the kids. And if there’s one thing we know, it’s that blood drinkers are lazy. They will go after the easiest prey.” 
Easiest prey? The words left me ill. I nodded my thanks. But I had more questions, and I didn’t want to have this discussion with Tony, who treated me like I was an idiot, and looked at me with about as much warmth as he looked at the beautiful ones. I didn’t want answers from him, or even Kelly. I wanted answers from the man who seemed to know the most, the one who was in charge. The very man who was so far ahead that within minutes he would be a mere pinpoint on the horizon.  
“Will, please,” I called out. 
Most of the group glanced at me in surprise. A heated flush of embarrassment rushed up my neck and into my cheeks as I wondered if I’d done something wrong by addressing him directly. What sort of leader was he? But I didn’t care what they thought, at least that’s what I told myself. And I wasn’t going to relent until I got answers. “Will?”
He paused and glanced back. I didn’t miss the utter look of annoyance that flitted across his face. “What?”
“Are we headed to the compound where I lived?”
He frowned. “Why would we?”
Confused, I looked for reassurance from Kelly, but she was already up the next hill. “I assumed we were headed to the compounds to help the others escape.”
“Why would you assume that?” 
“Because…” But I couldn’t speak the words without offending him. Because I had assumed they were warriors, an army marching to war. Perhaps they weren’t going to war after all, but hiding from it. 
Will rubbed his hands over his face as if he was exhausted with life in general, or maybe just me. “We can’t.”
“But—”
“We don’t have the time or resources, Jane. If we go in there without careful planning, then we all die.” 
“I understand, but…”
He turned and started after the others in the group as if our conversation was over. Here, in these woods that seemed to stretch forever and ever, I’d never felt more alone in my life. Frustrated, I raced ahead, catching Will halfway up the hill. “So then we’ll be going there soon?”
He didn’t respond. 
I panted, trying to keep pace. Even though my body screamed at me for rest, I wouldn’t pause until I had the truth. “I need answers, Will.” 
I didn’t miss the way Tony rolled his eyes. Everyone else looked just as annoyed when I kept interrupting their progress. Did they expect me to merely accept everything as it was? No questions? No worries? 
“You guys go ahead,” Will said. “Lead the way, Tony. We’ll take up the back.” The moment they were out of hearing, Will turned toward me. “What do you want to know?”
One small victory. “First of all…what are they?”
He sighed and glanced at the group who was disappearing through the trees. It was obvious he would rather be anywhere but standing there with me. “You read the book, Dracula. Although it’s not completely accurate, it gives you an idea.”
“Yes,” I said, brushing aside his comment. “But why are they the way they are?”
“We don’t really know, but we do know they’re born that way.” He reached up and scratched the scruff along his jaw. “Some think they are super human beings, I suppose. Some say they are fallen Gods. Fallen angels. Demons.”
Half the stuff he mentioned I had never heard of and didn’t understand. Books. I needed more books. But I realized as I looked around me, that it would be impossible to carry much of anything when one was constantly on the run. Instead, I had to rely on Will and his knowledge. 
We started toward the trail, following the others. The city remains gave way to forests, with tangled vines and trees so tall they would have loomed over the buildings we’d left behind. “What else do you know?”
He shifted the satchel he carried from his shoulder to his back, and all the while his gaze flickered around the woods, always on alert. I’d underestimated his indifference. It wasn’t that he didn’t care, it was merely that this life had become so natural that it was a part of him…like his hazel eyes. “They can eat other things, but they are sustained by blood.”
“They eat blood?”
“Those people at the compound are basically like chickens in a coop.” He lifted a branch for me. I ducked underneath, following the trail. I didn’t know how he knew the way. Everything looked the same. Tree after tree. “They pick people at the compound based on how ripe they are. Somehow they can smell the blood. Just like when you know if an apple is ripe or not.”
An image of Thanatos’ nostrils flaring as his gaze rested on me flashed to mind. I hadn’t imagined that moment, as I’d thought. At the compound he had sensed I was ready, and they had chosen me. Chosen me to be their next meal. My head throbbed, beating in time to each step I took. We’d thought being picked was an honored position. How stupid we’d been. How clueless they still were. 
“When they come to the compound,” I whispered, pausing. “They’re there to pick the ripe ones?”
He nodded, watching me closely, as if he expected me to go off the deep end once more. Although the horrors of that realization washed over me in a sickening wave of nausea, I had no plans to fall into the darkness again. I wouldn’t give them the satisfaction. There were things I had to do first. 
“But we’re only ripe after sixteen,” I added, trying to piece the clues together. No one had been chosen who was younger than sixteen. I’d noticed that years ago. We all had. Which meant my brothers would be safe for a couple more years. At least one good thing came from this. “So they don’t kill children then?”
He looked away, but not before I noticed the sadness that flashed across his gaze. “They don’t typically feed off of children, but that doesn’t mean they won’t kill them. They consider us a nuisance, cockroaches to be smashed before we multiply.” 
My stomach clenched at the thought. “We are the enemy.”
“I don’t think they consider us an enemy. They look at us more as animals, as…nothing.” We started up yet another hill. I tried to keep track of the conversation but my head throbbed, my body ached and my memories were a muddled mess. “When you reach their castle they drug you so you sleep through the night. That way you won’t hear the screams, you don’t see them feed.”
“The food,” I said. Everything was falling together piece by horrifying piece. “My friend Sally ate the cake they had given us, but I didn’t. I was too nervous. It explains why she was sleeping so deeply when I heard the screams.”
He nodded. “They feed about once a month, so we have that to be thankful for, at least. A few weeks in between to regroup, and plan.” 
The sudden rustling of leaves startled me so that I froze on the trail. 
“Just a squirrel,” Will said. 
Sure enough, the fluffy rodent bounded through the forest moments later, his bushy tail flickering. I swallowed over the lump of fear that clogged my throat. Just a squirrel. I had so much to learn. As the animal disappeared, I found myself focusing on the shadows. Who knew what was out there, watching, waiting. I pushed aside the thought. One worry at a time. 
We started down a hill, but I ended up slipping on the soft mud. Will was there…always there. His hand clamped around my upper arm, keeping me from falling to my face. But the moment we reached the trail below, he let go. Although I’d had little human contact the last couple weeks, I was relieved when he released me. It felt too confusing, too new and obtrusive. I crossed my arms over my chest, wondering if I’d ever want someone to touch me again. 
“They have guards posted around compounds and their city, protecting them from us.” He released a harsh laugh. I too found the idea ridiculous. What could we do, really? “But once in a while the younger ones have hunting parties. Some for fun, some to weed us out.” 
Weed us out, as if we were rats. “So they come to the compound once a month to gather food for their harvest.” We were food. As we kept chickens, they kept humans. The kindness they showed us was a mere façade. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to vomit, cry, or return to that city and kill the first beautiful one I came across. 
“They are stronger, faster, more beautiful than humans,” Will said. “And to them we are nothing more than cattle.” 
Numbly, I followed Will, my mind spinning. All of it, my entire life, suddenly made sense. Everything they did, everything I had questioned, fell into place. The reason why we were kept enclosed, the reason why we were taught only the basics of life. “They move people from compound to compound so the gene pool isn’t tainted, don’t they?”
He seemed surprised by my comment, his gaze jumping to me. 
I shrugged, embarrassed. “They allow us to read books on farming and agriculture. I read a bit about genetics in one.”
He nodded. “Yes, as far as we know.” 
For a long time we walked in silence, following the trail. Although the world around me was splendid and alive in a way I never could have even imagined, the beauty was lost. My thoughts were a jumble, tumbling around in my head so quickly, that I couldn’t seem to catch and make sense of them. 
“We have no choice but to protect ourselves,” he said, as if hoping I’d understand. “The ones you see down there are chosen ones who escaped, like you. We are all outsiders, merely trying to survive.” 
Not soldiers then. I studied the small group hiking in the valley below us, weaving around the trees with sure and steady steps. People who had saved me, fed me, protected me. Always moving, always hiding. What sort of life was this? A life of struggle, of fear. No hope. No thoughts of a future. “What if I don’t want this life?”
He released a harsh laugh. “You have no choice. In this world it’s kill or be eaten.”
I paused on the hill, watching the others, and he paused beside me. His attention burned, and I wondered what he was thinking. I didn’t have to wonder for long. Disconcerted, I swiped the sweat from my temples and glanced at him. “Just say whatever it is you so badly want to say.”
“Fine.” He shifted, crossing his arms over his chest, the dark gray shirt he wore stretching over his broad shoulders. “You need to decide now, Jane. I won’t let you hold us back. You’ll either fight with us, or you’ll be on your own. What’s your choice?”
So, it was survive or die. What a choice. I took in a deep breath and looked around me. A few bluebirds flittered from the branches above. This war between us and the beautiful ones would rage for who knew how long, but the world would still go on as it was. The trees would still grow. Birds would still fly. Flowers would still bloom. But we…we had to fight to live. 
I took in a deep breath and faced Will. “They have murdered my friends, my family. They will murder more if we don’t stop them.”
He watched me warily. “What are you saying?” 
“I want you to teach me everything you know, Will. Teach me how to kill the beautiful ones.”


Chapter 4

“Ready?” Will whispered next to my ear, his warm breath stirring the hair that had come loose from my braid and momentarily distracting me. 
I tried to push aside the odd flare of emotion that swirled through my body at his nearness. Attempted to ignore the blood pounding through my veins, partly from excitement and partly from his close proximity. If I wanted to live, I needed to be able to concentrate. Still, I wasn’t used to being touched, and his hand was tight around my upper arm, his fingers almost stinging. I rested my hand against my thigh. Feeling the dagger Kelly had given to me made me feel better for some reason. 
Would I ever get used to physical contact? Because of the years of rules that had been pounded into my brain, perhaps not. Contact at my compound had been merely about producing offspring. But here we were free to touch, cuddle, kiss, as I’d seen many of the couples do at night. As much as I’d always craved closeness, it made me uneasy. 
I rolled my eyes skyward, mentally shaking aside the thoughts. This wasn’t about romance and friendship, it was about learning to survive.
Will released his hold. “Go!”
I took off, darting through the trees, leaping over patches of weeds and fallen branches. As children we’d played hide and seek, but this was an adult version, a version I needed to win in order to stay alive. But within moments I was breathless, my weak body screaming out in betrayal. Determined to win, I stumbled on. 
For days we’d been walking, headed toward that elusive meeting point where we’d connect with the children once more, hoping we didn’t run into any beautiful ones. And every evening, as the others rested, Will and I trained. Trained so hard that my muscles constantly trembled with exhaustion, trained so hard that at times I didn’t think I could go on. At least I slept well at night. One small consolation. 
When we’d take breaks during the day hikes, Will would give me what books he had been able to carry with him. I was currently reading a novel on the history of the world. Interesting, yes, but there was nothing about the beautiful ones, and at the moment they were all I cared about. 
I ducked under a low-hanging branch. In the days I’d been with him I’d grown to respect Will. I might not have liked him at times, but I trusted him. And I could even say that Kelly was becoming a friend. The others weren’t so easy to figure out, and were obviously leery about letting me into their tight group, even if the sudden appearance of newbies, as Tony called us, was common.  
I darted left, headed downhill. But my untrained body gave out, propelling me forward and I ended up sliding in the damp earth. “Damn.” 
Coming to a rest at the bottom, just inches from a small creek, I took a brief moment to suck in some much-needed air. Surely Will was already after me. I glanced back up the hill and saw the deep grooves my boots had left behind in the mud. Will would see those tell-tale marks and he’d follow. With a groan of frustration, I stood. Mud covered the side of my trousers, caked into the material. I wanted to curse all over again. Clothing was limited, and I had only two pair of trousers to my name. But I didn’t have time to lament my bad fortune. 
Although it was only Will chasing me, it might as well have been a beautiful one. My heart hammered, urging me to continue on, but I needed to remain calm. I studied the forest, taking in each shadow, every nook. Hide or run? 
Run. 
But where to go? Will had told me to head downwind, so the beautiful ones couldn’t smell me. But I wasn’t running from a beautiful one. Will would easily follow my tracks down this hill, and he’d assume I was listening and I’d run downwind. I glanced up the steep slope. I didn’t just need to know how to protect myself from the beautiful ones, I needed to know how to protect myself period, no matter who the enemy. And at the moment Will was the enemy. 
“Uphill it is.” I gripped a branch and pulled myself back up the hill, this time making sure not to leave any prints. Sweat trailed down my neck and back, as my muscles screamed in protest. So weak that my head throbbed with each step I took. But I couldn’t give up. I wouldn’t.  
Hopefully Will would think I’d headed downhill, giving me a few minutes to catch my breath. But most likely not. We’d been doing this for three days and every time Will had found me within ten minutes. At the top of the hill, I took a moment to glance around. Where was he? Where was I? Pressing my hands onto my thighs, I leaned over, closing my eyes and tried to listen, using my senses as Will had taught me. 
He should have been there by now…unless I had actually won. Impossible. I could hear nothing but the occasional chirp of birds and my own harsh breathing. Still, instinct told me to run. When I straightened, the trees wavered in and out of focus in front of me, my mind spinning. I knew I was pushing myself too hard, but couldn’t seem to quit. 
Kill or be eaten. 
Determined, I surged left, behind a massive oak tree and ran straight into a hard body. I stifled my scream. The warm, musky scent had become so familiar to me in the last few days that nervousness quickly fled as Will’s arms came up automatically, wrapping around my waist. Off balance, we tumbled back. Will hit the ground with a grunt, taking me with him. As we rolled down the hill, I bit back my cry of surprise, knowing it might attract the beautiful ones if they were in the area. Will held me close, cupping the back of my head protectively, until we came to a stop in a pile of wet leaves at the bottom of the hill. 
For a brief embarrassing moment we just laid there, Will’s muscled body pressing mine into the ground. As horrified as I was to be touching someone so closely, I realized it could have been worse—he could have been a blood drinker. Breathing heavily, our gazes met. It was an odd feeling that swept through me…warmth, embarrassment, but something more. Something that confused me. Something I’d been trying to ignore since meeting Will. Was I actually attracted to him? Is this what Tom had felt when he’d been near me? 
“How’d you find my location?” I asked, mostly to make conversation and forget, for a moment, my confusing thoughts. 
He lifted off me, brushing the dirt from his trousers. “Luck.” He held out his hand. “I promise. I was headed downhill when I heard a branch snap. Wasn’t even you, but a deer. Still, I saw you up ahead.”
I slid my hand into his and allowed him to pull me to my feet. “Damn,” I said, using his favorite curse word. 
It should have made me feel better to know that he’d fallen for my trick, but it didn’t. He’d found me anyway thanks to a deer. And if Will could find me, I’d have no chance against a beautiful one. He grinned a crooked grin that had my heart flip-flopping. Annoyed at myself, I looked away, focusing on brushing the leaves and dirt from my clothes. I barely even liked him. Yes, he had saved me, but he was bossy, practically heartless at times. So why did I react so oddly when he was near? It didn’t make sense. 
“Jane, you’re getting better.” He started to reach out for me, but dropped his arm to his side at the last minute. He, too, seemed to feel uncomfortable with touching at times. Or maybe he just felt uncomfortable touching me. “A lot better. We’ve only been at it for a few days. You need to rest, give your body time to get used to this type of life, this constant exercise. Tomorrow we hike all day to the river and you’re going to be exhausted.”
It wasn’t as if we weren’t plenty active back at the compound. Our chores kept us on our feet. But nothing compared to this constant movement, up and down hills. I glanced toward the west. The sky, a brilliant pink from the setting sun, was just visible through the trees. It was getting too dark to read any books. If we stopped training, it would only give me time to think, to remember everything that had happened to me, and to the people I cared about. I didn’t want to remember. 
I turned my pleading gaze toward Will. “Just once more. Come on.”
“Jane—”
“Please!” 
He sighed and turned his back to me. “One, two…”
I didn’t wait but bolted, determined to do better this time. They’d thought I was a bother, and I had been for two weeks. I didn’t miss the looks of pity from Kelly, or the glares from Tony and the others. I was holding them back. I would prove them all wrong. And whether Will could help me or not, I would figure out how to save my friends and family. Or I would die trying. 
The sharp pain in my side pulled me up short. I stumbled, gritted my teeth, but continued. I would not give up. The lives of my family depended on me winning. Will and his friends had one goal in mind…survive. But I had another, not that I was going to share my plan with them. They’d try to talk me out of it, or worse, forbid me. But I was going to save my friends and family. Save them all, even if I had to do it alone. 
I raced on my toes, making sure not to leave footprints, and zig-zagged through the trees, leaping over fallen logs. Will said people instinctively went right. I started to go left, but paused. Yeah, he was teaching me the basics, but I also knew survival had a lot to do with knowing your opponent, and Will would try to read my mind. I spun around and darted right. 
A few steps down the trail and my legs were trembling so much that I found myself tripping over my own feet. At a deer trail, I paused to lean against a beech tree, the bark smooth and cool against my cheek. I heard no footsteps, no breaking branches, only the harsh catch of my breath. 
Slowly, I moved across the trail and into a patch of brush. Where was he? Surely he should have found me by now. Gently, I lowered down, peering through the spindly branches as I awaited Will’s arrival. I was too damn exhausted to run. A surprise attack was my only option, and Will wouldn’t expect me to fight.  
A high-pitched howl pierced the evening air. Although it sounded merely like one of the wolves or wild dogs that I used to see roaming the hills outside the compound, the fine hairs on the back of my neck still stood on end. Perhaps it was stupid of me to be out here alone. 
The snap of a branch behind me had me stiffening in surprise. My determination quickly gave way to disappointment. Would I ever win this game, or was it my lot in life to be killed by a beautiful one? Bracing my hands on the tree in front of me, I managed to stand. 
“Well done, Will.” I turned to face him. “How’d you…” 
But it wasn’t Will’s familiar warm hazel eyes that found me. No, an ice-blue gaze pinned me in place. As a patch of fading sunlight pierced the trees, catching the stark paleness of that scar across his cheek, I realized who stood there. 
Thanatos. 
I froze, my breath held. All the nightmares I’d tried so hard to forget returned. Suddenly I was back in my compound again, under Thanatos’ watchful gaze. 
“Her, I pick her.”
He had started this endless nightmare. Every drop of blood spilled, every death, every moment of fear that I’d endured had been because of him.  
“I’m sorry,” he said, taking a hesitant step forward. “I didn’t mean to…”
Terrified, I spun around and burst through the brush. My rational mind fled as I ran. He was a beautiful one. A monster. He would kill me. He would kill us all. I had to warn Will and the others. At the least, I had to lead Thanatos away from the group. How many other beautiful ones were with him? Was this one of the infamous hunting parties Will had warned me about? 
“Jane!” he called out, close, so close. 
I knew in that moment I would never outrun him. Barely pausing, I reached down and scooped up a branch. The moment I felt his presence and saw him come up beside me out of the corner of my eye, I turned and swung. 
He ducked, but I wasn’t about to give up. I dropped the branch, spun around and darted left through a patch of elm trees. “Will!” I screamed, hoping I could at least warn the others. “Will, run!” 
Thanatos suddenly hit me from behind, sending us both sprawling to the ground. His heavy body pinned me to the dirt, so like how they had pinned Sally to the tabletop before ripping out her throat that instinctively I opened my mouth and screamed.  
He slapped his hand over my lips, those ice-blue eyes glaring down at me. “Stop screaming, you idiot. You might attract them.”
Attract who? Will and the others? The images of death and blood fled, and my anger surged to the forefront. I needed that anger, clung to it in order to survive. Yeah, I hated myself for screaming and panicking, for falling back into that helpless girl. But mostly I hated him. I grabbed the dagger on my right thigh and swung my arm upward. Thanatos rolled off me just at the right moment, jumping to his feet. 
I surged upright, dagger held high. 
He was breathing harshly, the anger apparent in his flashing pale eyes and the whiteness of that scar across his cheek. I’d never thought to see him again, rarely thought about him, even wondered if he’d been a dream. Having Thanatos so close was too much, as if I relived that evening over and over… the day Sally had been murdered right before my eyes. 
“What the hell is your problem?” he demanded. He didn’t wear the colorful silky outfits of the other beautiful ones, but instead wore dark and dreary clothing similar to what we wore. For some reason the clothing annoyed me, as if he was trying to distance himself from the beautiful ones and pretend to be one of us. 
“My problem?” I repeated through clenched teeth. “My problem is you, you murderer!”  
The sound of someone crashing through the vegetation had me stiffening in surprise. Thanatos didn’t even bat an eyelash. 
“It’s merely Will,” he muttered. 
How he knew, I wasn’t sure. But I believed him. I doubted a beautiful one would make so much noise. No, they’d be stealth and quiet like the tigers I’d read about in one of my books. 
“Jane?” I heard Will’s voice a moment later. My relief was immediate, but I didn’t dare turn my back on Thanatos. “What’s wrong?” 
“Him! He’s one of them!” 
Thanatos stepped toward us. Unable to hold back any longer, I lunged forward with the dagger. 
He jumped back, a primitive growl escaping his lips. “Damn it, Will, control her before I do!” 
Startled, I almost dropped my knife. So, he and Will were on a first name basis? I flushed, feeling as if I’d been duped. How wonderful for them. I wasn’t so easy to charm. I narrowed my eyes, not trusting him in the least. Blood drinker. Murderer. A variety of hateful names burst through my mind, but I managed to keep them to myself. 
“Jane,” Will said soothingly. “He’s not like them.”
I almost laughed at that ridiculous statement. Yeah, maybe he’d saved me after all, and it hadn’t been a dream. But he was still one of them, and he’d let hundreds, probably thousands, die. 
“Just calm down.” Will walked hesitantly forward, placing himself between me and Thanatos as if he meant to protect the blood drinker. 
Frustrated, I dropped my arm to my side. “What is this?” I demanded. “Why are you protecting him after everything his people have done?” 
Thanatos released a wry laugh. “Protecting me?”
I didn’t bother to glance at him. He didn’t deserve my attention. “What’s this about, Will?”
“Will?” Kelly cried out. He looked almost relieved when she and Tony came panting up the hill, interrupting us. “What’s wrong?” 
“It’s all right,” he said to them. “She’s not hurt.”
I wasn’t hurt, at least not physically. As if that made all the difference. They knew as well as I did that mentally I was a mess and it was the blood drinker’s fault. His fault that I couldn’t sleep at night. His fault that for two weeks I’d been a shell of the person I’d once been. 
“What happened?” Kelly asked in that motherly voice she used on the children. 
“Him!” I pointed my dagger at Thanatos, ignoring the flash of anger in his eyes. He reminded me of a snake, coiled and ready to attack. Not to be trusted…ever. “He’s one of them.”
“Yes, Jane.” Will held up his hands as if to ward me off, as if I was the threat here. “But he’s on our side.”
Confused, I shook my head. “He’s a blood drinker. He’s a beautiful one. He’s the enemy.” 
Will sighed and raked his hands through his hair, looking completely flustered. “It’s not a clear-cut issue. Yeah, he was born there, but he’s not one of them.”
“Oh really?” I shoved my dagger back into the sheath, my hands trembling with anger, annoyance, and yes, even fear. Traitors, I wanted to scream at them. They’d dishonored the memory of the dead by merely being near him. “Because I think it’s pretty clear. He’s a beautiful one, therefore he’s the enemy. He’s watched plenty of people die. Who knows, maybe he hasn’t killed them, but he certainly didn’t do anything to stop them.”
“Because I don’t want him to!” Will snapped in frustration. 
Stunned, I merely stared at him. Surely he didn’t mean what he’d said. Or maybe I’d misheard him. “I don’t understand.”
Tony snickered as if he expected nothing less of me. I ignored him.  
“He’s our inside source.”
I threw my arms wide. “And so innocent people die, and it doesn’t matter to you?”
Will frowned. “Don’t be stupid.”
His words hurt, not that I would admit as much. 
“That enemy saved your life,” Kelly said, looking just as upset by my unwillingness to accept Thanatos. Was I the only one who saw the blood drinker for what he truly was? “He brought you to us.” 
“So what?” I wanted to laugh at the absurdity of it all. They were friends with a beautiful one. They trusted him. Slowly, I looked around the group, studying their sincere faces, trying to make sense of the situation, and realization hit…they were actually taking his side over mine. 
“He’s a blood drinker. A murderer. He’s one of them,” I hissed. “He let my friends die, people I cared about.” I could feel the burn of tears in my eyes, but I refused to cry in front of them. I’d looked weak enough in the past two weeks. But what I blamed him for most of all was that when I’d wanted to help Sally, he’d forced me to leave. I would never forgive him for the guilt I carried. 
Still, they remained by his side. And Thanatos held no expression what so ever on his beautiful face. He didn’t even had the decency to mock me. Damn him. He was the reason I had been chosen, the reason Sally had died. He, and his people, were the reason we were hunted down like animals, killed without second thought. He himself had torn the head from his friends without showing an ounce of remorse. What sort of man could do such a thing? What sort of man could stand by year after year, pointing out people for slaughter and then watching as they were murdered, drained of life?
A monster. He was a monster. 
“As far as I’m concerned he’s the enemy and I won’t stay here with him.” 
“Thane is our friend, Jane,” Will said softly, but leaving no room for argument. “He helps us, risks his life for us. We won’t kick him out of the group.” 
“Fine.” There was one thing they didn’t know about me, I was stubborn. Very stubborn. “Then I’m leaving.” 
With that said, I spun around and started back toward the camp to get my bag. I didn’t need them anyway. After all, we had different agendas, and would eventually part. We were merely separating sooner than I’d hoped. They were here to survive, I was here to protect my family and friends, no matter what the cost. And the only way to protect them was to kill the beautiful ones.  
“Jane!” Will called out, the shock in his voice annoyed me. How, exactly, had he expected me to respond? They seemed to think I was the one acting irrationally, when they were the ones befriending a blood drinker. I ignored his call. I ignored Kelly’s cry, begging me to return. I shoved aside a low-hanging branch and found the trail back to camp. 
Yeah, maybe I’d die out there on my own. 
But I’d rather die alone than work with a beautiful one. 


Chapter 5


I knew I was being watched. 
Not that I heard the intruder. No, it was more of a sensation: the tightening of my gut, a shiver that whispered over my body and raised the fine hairs on the back of my neck. It was a knowing. 
While living in the compound, I would have dismissed the feeling. But now even the tiniest oddity yelled at me. And this, whatever it was, definitely screamed. I swallowed hard, my hands beginning to tremble as I racked my brain, trying to come up with a way out of the situation, preferably with my life still intact. 
After only about thirty minutes of walking, exhaustion had forced me to stop at the river to get a drink and cool off. Once again I found myself cursing the fact that I had done nothing but sit those first two weeks. If only I’d accepted my fate immediately. If only I’d started training that first day. 
The sun had almost set and the woods were an eerie gray in color, the birds loud as they chirped their good nights. Their songs and the gurgle of rushing water made it hard to hear. Will was right, I was an idiot. It was too much too soon for my weak body, and I knew too little to traipse out into the world on my own. 
The only thing I could do was hope it was a deer, and if it wasn’t…flee. 
But I didn’t run because I had a river in front of me, and the hill and whoever followed were behind. Another stupid move on my part. Instead, I cupped my trembling hands, dipped them into the clear stream, and sipped the cool water, waiting for the attack. My fingers itched to grab the dagger attached to my thigh, but I didn’t want to make a move too soon. Common sense told me a surprise attack was the best and only option. 
A twig snapped, a shadowed reflection wavered against the water, next to the reflection of the moonlight. Too blurry to make out the details. How I wanted to be brave, but I couldn’t stop my heart from jumping into my throat. Not a deer, unfortunately. A man. Fear tasted bitter against my tongue. Not Will; he would have called out instead of sneaking up on me. I knew. I knew even before the soft scent whispered to me on the breeze. The scent of spring. A scent I knew too well. The scent of a beautiful one. 
An odd calm washed over me. This was the moment I’d been waiting for, the moment when I would either win or lose. Kill or be killed. I had only a second to react. All in one motion, I snatched the dagger from its sheath on my thigh and spun around, shoving my arm forward. 
The intruder hit my wrist. Pain radiated down to my hand. My fingers opened automatically and the dagger fell to the ground, lost in the brush and darkness. Desperate, I lifted my knee to the spot that was vulnerable on every man, whether human or a beautiful one. But before I got near, he grabbed my arm and flipped me. 
For a brief moment I spun, staring up at the dark, skeletal branches above before landing with a thud to the ground. The wind knocked from my lungs, leaving me gasping for air. I didn’t have time to recuperate as suddenly he loomed over me. 
As I lay there begging for breath, he knelt beside me. Moonlight hit his face, pure as the art work I’d seen in books. Beautiful. Stunning…if not for the scar. 
“Thanatos,” I whispered, unsure if I should be relieved or terrified. 
“Please, Thane.” He smiled mockingly. “It’s what my friends call me.”
My hands curled into the damp earth as I resisted the urge to swing at him. It would do no good. I was no match for him physically. 
His gaze shifted from my face to my fingers and his smile fell. “You’re bleeding.”
“What?” Momentarily distracted, I didn’t understand until I felt the dampness on my hand. The wound I’d gotten in the corridors three days ago had broken open. I pressed my palm to my trousers, frowning. “How’d you know?”
He stepped back, putting distance between us. “I can smell it.”
My nerves flared, although I tried not to show it. He had tracked me like I was an animal. “Why are you here? Did you not want any witnesses when you murdered me, so Will would go on believing you’re human?”
He laughed as if it was the most ridiculous thing I’d said. “If I’d wanted to kill you, you wouldn’t have heard me coming.”
Shoving my hands into the dirt, I managed to sit up. The world around me spun. Gritting my teeth, I refused to allow the dizziness to overwhelm me. Damn my weak body. “So you’re saying you were loud on purpose?”
“Of course. I did the same only half an hour ago when I saw you in the forest. I didn’t want to frighten you.” 
More mockery. I was sure of it. He didn’t care in the least if I was afraid. I glared up at him. He held out his hand. I ignored his offer and stood on my own even though I wasn’t quite sure if my legs would hold me. “I will fight back.”
His lips twitched. “And if I wanted you dead, you would be already.”
I shivered despite myself. If he didn’t want to murder me, then why was he here? “What do you want?”
Not that I expected the truth from his beautiful mouth. He looked so much like a blood drinker that I felt sick at the sight of him. Exactly like them but for the scar. It was all that separated him from the others, but it wasn’t enough to convince me. 
“I want you to return to Will’s camp.”
And here I thought nothing could surprise me anymore. What was in it for him? I had no doubt he was getting something from this. Bemused, I moved to the fallen log where my bag and jacket rested. I didn’t trust Thanatos in the least. “Why do you care?”
“Because I saved your life and I don’t want all that work to have been for nothing.”
Honest, I’d give him that. But I wasn’t buying his reasoning. There was more. I’d bet my life on it. I slid my arms into my jacket, using the excuse to look away. So, he had carried me from that castle, I hadn’t imagined that. Kelly had been right when she’d said he’d saved me. It didn’t change my feelings—at least that’s what I told myself. 
I stared at the dark waters, watching the way the river caught the moonlight, trying to understand this man. In about a week and a half they’d be feeding again. Would Thanatos save someone else? When I was sure I was going to die, he had risked his own life to help. It should have made me feel better, it didn’t. I slid him a glance from the corner of my eye. The blood drinker before me wouldn’t do something so self-sacrificing for nothing. I didn’t understand why he had risked his life for mine, but I knew there was something in it for him. 
“Saved me?” I released a harsh laugh. “You left me in a field, in the elements, to freeze to death.”
He propped his shoulder against an oak which was leaning precariously over the creek. “Don’t be so dramatic. I knew they’d find you. They were out doing patrol as they do every hour at every camp.”
An hour? I was only out there for an hour? Where had I been the rest of the night and why couldn’t I remember? 
“I left you there because I had to return as soon as possible.” He walked so very quietly, like the cats back at the compound when they stalked prey. It only reminded me of how powerful he was. Truth was he was right…if he wanted me dead, I would be. “I had to return to the castle before they realized I was missing.” 
He settled on the fallen log where my bag rested only a few feet from me. I had the unsettling feeling he was trying to make me feel at ease by sitting there so relaxed, instead of looming. In fact, I had a feeling every single thing he did was on purpose. What he didn’t realize was I would never let my guard down again, and especially not near him. “So, you’re completely accepted by us? They welcome you with open arms and all that?”
“I actually have little contact with your group, other than with Will.”
It was dark, too dark to read his face. I wished I knew who this man was, what his true intentions might be. One thing was certain, I didn’t trust him and never would. “Why not?” 
“I rarely go into the safe houses.” He smiled briefly, a flash of white teeth. I searched for those pointed canines I’d seen on the other beautiful ones the moment before they’d torn out Sally’s throat, but noticed nothing out of the ordinary. “It makes them nervous if I enter. Whenever I rescue someone, I leave the person outside where I know they’ll find him or her.” 
I brushed the dirt and dead leaves from my trousers. So, I wasn’t the only one leery around him. It made me feel slightly better. “You’ve done this before?” I crossed my arms over my chest. Now that the sun had gone down, the air held a chill. Or maybe it was fear making me cold. “Rescued people?”  
He looked directly at me. “Many times.” 
I had to believe him, for why would he lie? Besides, Will had implied as much. But why would he risk his life for us? It was hard to know what he was thinking and what his intentions were; he guarded his emotions so closely. Whereas Will’s feelings shone in his eyes, with Thanatos I couldn’t see or sense anything. And that scared me more than I wanted to admit. 
He claimed to be on our side, he had saved me, but he was a beautiful one and had let Sally die. How could I trust him? I looked toward the creek, watching the water churn and race down the hill, eating away at the rocky bank. My mind spun like the river, my thoughts as dark as the water. 
“They want you in the group.” He rested his elbows on his knees. Although most of our clothing was worn and even torn, his was clean, not a patch. “You have potential. Your instincts are amazing. You’re smart, too smart. If you kept training, you would be a real asset.”
An asset? I didn’t want to be an asset. I’d been an asset at the compound too, watching the children while working together for the greater good. I just wanted…to be me for once. I picked up a stick, digging into the soft dirt. All I wanted to do was rescue my friends and family and get as far away from the beautiful ones as possible. But maybe I couldn’t. Maybe the beautiful ones were everywhere, and I’d never have the life I dreamt about back at the compound.  
I realized that Thanatos was patiently awaiting my response and glanced up at him. “Am I supposed to be honored you think so highly of me?”
He shrugged, a movement that momentarily tightened his dark shirt across his broad shoulders. The material moved with him, stretching to his lean form. Not a bit of fat on his body. “Why would you? You don’t know me, and I don’t know you. I’d think my opinion would matter very little. But it’s obvious you trust Will, you respect him.”
I tossed the stick into the river, and watched it float away, wondering where it would end up. If only I had a boat like the one’s I’d read about in my books, perhaps I could float away from all of this. “Maybe I don’t want to train to fight them. Maybe I just want to get as far away from your people as I can.”
“You think we have one base?” he said, almost as if he felt sorry for me. “Jane, that was only one city of many. All around this country, in fact, this world, there are cities full of beautiful ones. They took over long ago.”
Startled, I glanced at him. He was serious. I focused on my bag, weighing my options. So there were more; many of them if Thanatos’ implication was true. I could grab my bag and run. Or…
Slowly, I reached for my bag, drawing it closer. My plan wouldn’t be something as simple as breaking into the compounds and releasing my friends and family. No matter where we went, we would be tracked, hunted, killed. 
We were silent for a long minute. If it wasn’t for the breeze rustling his overly long hair, I would have thought him a statue. A beautiful, if slightly flawed statue. What was he thinking? Did he enjoy the fact that he had the upper hand? Did he enjoy my fear as the other beautiful ones seemed to? I looked away, studying the dark shadows in the woods. Were there more out there even now, watching, waiting?  
“And humans?” I asked. “How many are there?”
“Many more than beautiful ones.” He leaned down and reached into the brush, picking up my dagger when I’d thought it had been lost for good. “You might outnumber them, but your people are kept in compounds; they don’t know how to fight.” 
Annoyed, I snatched the dagger from his hand. “I learned.”  
“Learned what?” He laughed. “Do you think you could truly fight a beautiful one and come out the winner?”
“I killed one,” I hissed, sliding the dagger into the sheath at my thigh. 
“Did you? Or was it mere luck?” 
I clenched my teeth, refusing to reply. No doubt Will had told him the truth about how I had killed the beautiful one. An embarrassed flush burned my cheeks. I felt betrayed in some way, although I wasn’t sure why. Had they laughed at me, mocked me? The silly girl who actually thought she could survive on her own. Will’s men had made it no secret that they thought I was worthless. And a few of the women at camp had been sending me glares, making me wonder if they were jealous of the time Will spent with me. Or maybe they thought I was holding them back as well. Just yesterday a brown-haired mouse of a woman had accused me of taking too much food when I’d barely eaten my share. 
“Why did you pick me?” I whispered so low a normal human wouldn’t have heard. But he wasn’t human. 
“I didn’t pick you.”
I parted my lips to argue, but when I thought back to that day I realized he had actually tried to avoid me. Bacchus had insisted I go to the castle. By not picking me, had Thanatos actually been trying to save me? I flushed, feeling slightly uncomfortable with the idea. He owed me nothing; we didn’t know each other, weren’t related, yet he’d saved me, and I wasn’t sure if I wanted to know why. 
“Bacchus…”
“I tried to keep him away from you, but your scent was too strong.”
I slid him a glance under my lashes. “And my blood smells ready to you?”
He smiled again, knowing I was embarrassed by the question. “You have a complex scent. You and your siblings. It’s hard to tell if you’re ready or not.” He shrugged. “It’s been known to happen with a few.” 
I frowned, uneasy. “You know I have siblings?”
“Yes, we can smell the similarities in the blood.” 
Great. If he knew, he could use that against me. I pushed aside my fear, not daring to go down that dark road when I had so much to accomplish. I needed to learn as much as possible, and truth was Thanatos seemed to be willing to divulge when others hadn’t. “And you said we are complex?”
“Your scent is almost…hidden.” He paused, staring up at the dark sky as if trying to remember, or understand. “But for some reason it was stronger that day.”
I frowned, wondering why, and then it hit me. He could smell wounds, and blood. “I cut myself on a thorn. It was bleeding but I’d covered it with my sleeve.”
He nodded. “Most likely the reason.”
One tiny scratch and he’d been able to smell the blood. The realization was disconcerting to say the least. I glanced toward the trees. If there were beautiful ones in those woods, would they be able to smell the blood on my hand even now? Thane certainly had. 
“Why did you leave the group?” he asked.  
I snapped my gaze back toward him. “Why do you have the scar?” I hadn’t meant to ask, but with him staring at me it was the first thing that came to mind. Besides, I’d rather not answer his question. I wasn’t about to admit my plan to help the others escape. 
He didn’t seem offended, his gaze as unreadable as always. “It’s a marking so they know who I am.”
“They?”
“The beautiful ones.”
He said beautiful ones as if he wasn’t one of them, as if he didn’t pick us for slaughter every Sunday of every month. As if he didn’t feed off blood. “Who are you?”
“A dhampir.”
I frowned, confused. “What do you mean?”
“My mother was vampire, my father human.” 
I surged to my feet, stunned. Surely he didn’t mean it. They couldn’t, not with humans…could they? “No.” 
He merely stood there, finding my shock amusing. Yet, as I studied his face it was obvious he was completely serious. He was half-human? For some reason it made his actions even worse. He was half-human yet he’d let them murder us for years. Why hadn’t he escaped? Why hadn’t he joined Will? Why did he continue to let them destroy innocents? 
My hands curled as I resisted the urge to scream at him. Getting angry wouldn’t give me answers. And I needed answers so badly. “And the scar?” 
He crossed his arms over his chest and gazed out over the river, completely unconcerned. “We look exactly like the beautiful ones, so when we are born they mark us to know the difference. We don’t heal as well as they do. We scar.” 
They took a knife to a baby’s face? I felt utterly ill. They were worse than I had imagined. I pushed aside the images of bloody children, knowing I couldn’t let my compassion get in the way. “So, they don’t treat you the same?”
He laughed, a harsh sound. “No. We are servants to them. Just as some of your people are.” 
“Those who are lucky.” 
“No,” he snapped, surprising me with his harsh tone. “Not lucky. Far from it. In fact, they have it worse. Imagine working in fear for weeks, months, years, knowing at any moment you could be killed.”
I hadn’t thought about it that way. At least we had lived in ignorant bliss for most of our lives. “And you picked the ripe ones for them to feed upon…that’s your job?”
He nodded slowly, watching me. I knew he was waiting for the judgment. I wanted to feel sorry for him, I wanted to feel something. Even anger would have been welcome. But all I felt was guilt. Guilt that I had survived and Sally hadn’t. Guilt that I still lived, while she had suffered. Guilt that my sister and brothers and everyone I’d ever known were merely awaiting death. And I could only blame him. He had forced me to abandon Sally. 
“You left them,” I whispered. “All of them. You let Sally die.”
“I had to, Jane. Will is right, I can’t save them all. If I tried, I’d be caught and killed as well. And then there would be no one to help. No one on the inside.” 
But I wasn’t going to accept his easy answer. “How could you? How can you go there day after day and pretend not to hear the screams? Pretend not to see the torture?”
“I hear them,” he snapped, his eyes flashing. “I hear them every time I try to sleep. I see the blood every time I close my eyes. But there’s not a damn thing I can do.” 
My mind spun, a myriad of emotions fighting for dominance. I didn’t want to feel sorry for him, I couldn’t. Surely there was something…anything…
“I can’t save them all,” he insisted, as if reading my mind. “I can only save a few every so often. It’s better than none.” 
Was he looking for reassurance? I wasn’t sure I could give him any. “Why did you save me? Why me?” 
He studied me carefully, so fully that I felt a blush rise up into my cheeks, but I didn’t dare look away. I needed answers. “There are two kinds of people in this world, Jane. The ones who are content and believe everything they’re told, questioning nothing.”
I wasn’t sure where he was going, but I’d play along. “And the other kind of person?”
“The other kind are those few who need to uncover as much as they can. Those who question everything, who know there is more to life than what they see before them.”
“What does that have to do with anything?” 
The darker it became, the more his eyes seemed to glow like a cat’s. “I picked you because you wanted more. It’s how I choose everyone I save.” 
I shook my head and surged to my feet. “You couldn’t know that. How?” I stepped closer, angry at him for bringing me into this world, angrier still that he was making me out to be someone I wasn’t. How dare he act as if he knew me. He didn’t know anything about me. “How did you know I would belong here? Because I certainly don’t know if I do.”
He stood and stepped close, so close I could feel his heat. So close that his scent swirled around me, warming my insides. So close that instinctively I wanted to step back, but I forced myself to hold my ground. 
“I knew, Jane, because you took the bait. You took the books.”


Chapter 6

I stumbled back a step, as if distance would make things clearer. “The books? My books.” 
He didn’t respond, merely watched me closely as if to see my reaction. In that moment I realized he was utterly serious. I crossed my arms over my chest, feeling vulnerable, confused, and completely unsettled. I’d thought those books had appeared by something wonderful, something magical. And now that had been torn from my grip, crushed beneath Thanatos’ tarnished black boots. 
Stupid, stupid me. I should have known better, for there was no magic in this harsh reality. 
“The books I found…you had placed them there?” I asked, still confused, and needing the clarity only he could offer. “All this time, you knew who I was?”
“Yes.” He moved toward the creek, knelt along the water’s edge and cupped his hands to drink. He was dismissing me, as if I needed no further explanation. 
“I don’t understand.” 
“I leave the books behind as bait. I’ve done it at every compound. When someone picks them up, studies them, it says they might want more.” He stood and faced me. “You read them. All of them. Word for word. No one has ever done that before.”
If he knew I’d read them, that meant he must have been studying me. My little nest where I thought I’d had a bit of privacy had been a ruse. “You were you watching me?”
He shrugged as if it was of no consequence. “I had to. It’s the only way, the best way, to know who will be willing to fight.” 
For months this man had watched my every move. Had watched me and Tom. Had he seen us that last day together? Had he seen Tom give me that necklace? Watched us embrace? Embarrassment fought with anger. “Fight for what? What, exactly, do you want from all of this?”
“The same thing you want. Freedom.” He started toward me, and I had to resist the urge to flinch, forcing myself to stand my ground. “A chance to live my life the way I want to, no judgment, no repercussions.” 
I released a wry laugh. “You think we can all live together in peace?”
When he didn’t respond I realized he was utterly serious. Thane honestly believed we could work together. But staring into his hard, uncompromising gaze only sent me back in time to that moment in the compound when he’d picked me. It had always seemed like a faraway dream. But now it was vivid…clear. 
The many guards with scars across their perfect faces. I knew now that those guards were dhampir. But the only thing I could picture were their angry snarls…the way they had pushed us around, almost as if they blamed us for their predicament. We might have had a common enemy, but it was obvious that even the dhampir didn’t want to live in peace with us. How could we possibly work together? And when it came down to it, would Thane choose to side with the dhampir or with us? 
“But at the compound you didn’t want them to pick me.” I remembered quite clearly the way he’d refused to choose me, but had been forced to take me along. “You tried to talk Bacchus out of it.” 
“No.” He glanced toward the dark woods, as if weighing his next words. It was obvious in that moment that he wasn’t telling me all. Not that I was surprised; I wasn’t exactly admitting my deepest, darkest secrets either. “My plan was to help you escape the compound. It’s a bit more complicated at the castle.” 
Complicated? This entire world was complicated. “You’ve chosen others like me?”
Those eyes glowed eerily in the dim light. “Yes. Jimmy, Kelly, Tony, and many, many others.”
That explained why they were so loyal to him, and why they thought I should be loyal as well. But it still didn’t explain how I could possibly forget the fact that, every day, he stayed at that castle while people suffered, and died. 
He stepped closer and I had to resist the urge to step back. In the fading dusk, with that ugly scowl and that scar across his face, he was intimidating, to say the least. “I understand you think you’re being loyal to your friends back at the compound by leaving. You’ve decided to be a martyr and to walk into battle alone. But truth of the matter is if you stay out here, you’ll be dead by tonight, tomorrow the latest. You need Will, and you need to keep training. Even animals stay in packs for safety.”
His words and attitude annoyed me. I’d never met anyone so arrogant. Whether he’d admit it or not, he didn’t know me. He might have observed me like some scientist with a specimen, but he didn’t know my thoughts, my feelings, my hopes. “And that’s what we are to you people, isn’t it? Mere animals?”
He didn’t respond. He didn’t need to. I knew the truth. 
But he was right about one thing. I wouldn’t last on my own. Yes, he had saved me two weeks ago, and so I’d give him the respect he deserved, at least when we were face to face. But I wouldn’t trust him. Not ever. And the moment I was ready, I was headed out on my own. I only hoped that I would be ready soon. “Fine.” I started to reach for my bag. “I’ll return. I’ll—”
“Shhh,” he interrupted. 
Startled, I drew back. He was like a predator, his gaze flickering from shadow to shadow, searching for a prey I couldn’t see or hear. I knew that look well; I remembered seeing it back at the castle. We were in danger. The urge to panic overwhelmed me. 
“Someone’s coming,” he whispered. 
My heart slammed wildly against my chest, blood roaring in denial. “Will?”
He shook his head, stepping in front of me as if to protect. The realization was like a cold slap to my face, and just what I needed. I didn’t want him to protect me. I didn’t want anything from him. I rested my trembling hand against my thigh, taking comfort, however small, in the feel of the dagger strapped there. I would protect myself, or die trying. 
“Beautiful ones,” he murmured.   
I hated myself for the shiver of pure fear that raised the fine hairs on the back of my neck. Had Thanatos brought them here on purpose? Had he led them to me? Had he betrayed us all? 
“Stay behind me,” he said softly. 
He didn’t look afraid, only determined, which made me only more suspicious. Slowly, I reached for the dagger at my thigh. Just as slowly I pulled the weapon from its sheath, wishing I’d brought my sword. I hadn’t made a sound, but Thanatos glanced back, as if he heard the noise. But when he noticed the dagger clutched in my hands, he merely turned back around, as if it didn’t concern him in the least. I could easily stab him in the back, but he either trusted me or thought I was too weak to worry about. 
“Do you know how many?” I whispered. 
The rushing sound of water blocked any noise. I could hear no footsteps, no conversation. I wouldn’t have been surprised if he lied merely to scare me back into Will’s camp. 
“Four,” he said, starting up the gentle slope of the bank. He moved like a predator too, silent and low to the ground. I was less elegant as I scrambled after him. “No, five.”
How could he possibly know how many there were unless he had brought them? My wariness was brushed aside when I heard the low laughter of the beautiful ones. Fear tasted bitter on my tongue, but underneath my nervousness was anger, a burning rage that made me want to burst forward and attack, kill as many as I could before they crushed me. I hated them with a passion that I had never felt before. 
Thane crouched low behind the tree. I forced myself to follow his lead, determined to be rational, instead of reacting under the heavy weight of my emotions like I wanted. 
“Hunting party,” he whispered. “You stay here.” 
Hunting? It took me a moment to remember that they weren’t hunting deer or rabbit…but humans. They were here to feed on escaped chosen ones. Sweat broke out across my forehead, and my hands trembled so badly I feared I might drop my dagger. Unless Thane helped me, I knew without a doubt I would die. 
They broke through the trees, a merry party of beautiful ones that even still momentarily stunned me with their elegance. Thane had been wrong. There was only one man and two women in brilliant clothing that shimmered under the low light of the waxing moon, like some dream. Their laughter, the bright flash of their perfect smiles was like a painting from long ago brought to life. 
Slowly, Thane stood. “Stay here.”
He moved onto a deer path and out into an open patch before I could latch onto him and draw him back. Idiot was going to get himself killed, and me in the process. He made no pretense of sneaking up on the beautiful ones, but moved through the underbrush without care. Obviously he wasn’t planning a surprise attack. But then what was he planning?  
“What are you doing here?” Thane demanded as if he was actually in charge. I knew he wasn’t, but I also wasn’t surprised when they actually stopped, obeying his command. Not one blood drinker seemed shocked to see him. Had they sensed him coming? Maybe heard him? Or was something nefarious afoot…was this a set up? 
“Excuse me?” The only man in the hunting party started toward Thane. He looked annoyed. More than annoyed. “You don’t tell us what we can and can’t do.”
The two women behind him snickered, but Thane didn’t seem to notice or care. “There are rules,” Thane snapped back. “Rules that must be obeyed. And you know that the console doesn’t approve of hunting parties.” 
The man’s lips lifted into a sneer. “Go back to your work, dhampir, and leave us alone.”
How could anyone so beautiful look so ugly? It was the lack of warmth to their features, I realized. It was something I’d noticed back at the castle. There was no conscience, no empathy, and it showed. 
“And if I turn you in?” Thane asked. 
The man’s smirk fell. Hands fisted, it wasn’t hard to see he was boiling over with anger. “You bastard.”
The entire world went still. I didn’t breathe, didn’t dare reach to my ankle and scratch where a mosquito bit into the skin, taunting me. Thane didn’t back down, and they stood there face to face, two animals about to attack. Three against one, the odds weren’t great in Thane’s favor. 
The women grinned, glancing slyly at each other as if they were enjoying every moment. Their shimmering hair of pale gold was coiled about their heads, intertwined with strands of pearls that proclaimed their wealth. They looked identical in their features and their perfection. Not even a speck of dirt marked the smooth satiny dresses they wore, as if dust would not dare touch something so stunning.   
“Oh Thanatos.” One woman separated herself from her sister, and started toward him. “We were merely having fun. The banquets are wonderful and all, but rather boring when the food is merely laid out. Where’s the sport in that?” 
“And what sport is there in hunting pathetic, weak humans?”
I tried not to take his words to heart, but it was hard not to cringe over the truth. Compared to them we were weak, pathetic. 
The woman laughed. “Touché.” She pushed her male friend aside and rested her hand on Thane’s chest, a familiar touch. In her eyes I saw her hunger, not for food, but for him. I wondered briefly if he had the same look in his eyes when he gazed at her. She was beautiful, to be sure, but her beauty only hid a monster. Did Thane see below her fine features? 
I couldn’t see his face from where I hid, and I desperately wanted to know what he was thinking. The male blood drinker looked annoyed, the other girl merely amused. 
“Athena, let’s go,” the man finally demanded. “He’s right. This is boring.” 
“Wait a minute.” A slow, wicked smile spread across her lips. “There’s another reason you want us gone, isn’t there?” Athena turned, her gaze scanning the trees. “What is that delicious scent, Thanatos?”
My heart slammed wildly against my chest. They knew. They knew I was here. The urge to bolt overwhelmed me. My fingers curled into my thighs, the nails biting against my palms as I resisted the urge to run. 
“Perhaps you’ve already started the hunt? If so, what say you we hunt together?” Athena drew her hand up his chest over his shoulders, while her sister stood to the side giggling. “We won’t tell if you won’t.”
I waited, breath held for his response. He’d left my friends and my family to die for the supposed greater good. Would he let them kill me for the same reason now? Why put himself in danger of being caught? Why chance that they would escape and tell the other beautiful ones that he was a traitor when he could merely kill me and go on as he had before? 
Thane shifted, slowly turning to face me. I knew in that moment what he had chosen. He was going to give me up to save himself.  He didn’t need to point me out. Athena followed his gaze to the shrubbery where I hid. And although she couldn’t possibly see me through the branches and new leaves, her gaze remained firmly pinned to my spot. 
I didn’t wait to see what they would plan next, but spun around and bolted down the hill, the sound of breaking branches so loud that I knew they heard. The trill of laughter raced after me, like a terrible nightmare come to life. They were thrilled with the hunt. They wanted to play a game, and I was giving them exactly what they desired.   
Downwind, I needed to head downwind. But where was downwind? I didn’t have time to stop and figure it out. Suddenly Athena appeared in front of me. I skidded to a halt, my breath coming out in rapid, panicked pants. She was fast, so fast that I hadn’t seen her move. 
A slow, wicked smile lifted her lips. “Darling, where are you going?”
I spun around, but before I could take a step, firm fingers grabbed the back of my shirt and I went flying through the air. I hit the ground with a thud that punched the air from my lungs. Gasping, I could merely lay there as the forest blurred above me, my mind and body trying to reconnect. 
Athena stepped closer, hovering over me. “Silly, silly little human.”
I reached for the dagger at my thigh.
“Looking for this?” Athena’s sister moved into my line of vision, holding my dagger high. “You really think this will do you any good?” She tossed the weapon over her shoulder and laughed. “Ridiculous.” 
“Must we always play with them?” The male blood drinker hovered near the edge of the clearing, standing next to Thane. “It gets rather tiring.”
Thane with his hard, cold eyes. Thane, who would throw whoever it took to the wolves, as long as he remained safe. I hated that I was going to die in front of him. I didn’t want him to see me helpless, suffering. 
“What’s the fun in just killing it?” Athena pouted, placing her hands on her hips. “Besides, it tastes better when you prolong. Builds up the appetite and all.”
The male crossed his arms over his chest, looking rather bored. “Unless there are any others around here, she will be a mere snack. Hardly a waste of our time.” 
She shrugged. “Hors d’oeuvre.” 
He sighed and glanced at Thane. “Have you located any camps? Are there more nearby?” 
“Maybe,” Thane replied, stepping from the dark shadows and into the moonlight. I searched his face and stance, trying to find something, anything… a softening, a sign of a human emotion, a way to let me know he was merely playing along. I saw nothing but coldness. 
He was going to betray them. Will, Kelly, Jimmy…all would be dead, along with me. 
“Maybe?” Athena arched a brow and glanced at him. 
He glanced back at her, his lips quirking. My stomach churned. He was flirting, I realized with disgust and shock. “I might be able to show you for the right price.”
He was selling us out. I opened my mouth and screamed. “Will, run!” 
I didn’t know if he would hear, if he was even in the area, but I had to do something. The two women flicked annoyed glances my way. Thane didn’t even bother to look at me. I was nothing to him, and he was the demon I had expected. 
But I wouldn’t die easily. I grabbed a rock and jumped to my feet, throwing it at Athena. She pulled back just in time, the stone whizzing by her pretty head. Those perfect lips lifted and long, pointed teeth glimmered in the moonlight. The anger in her gaze sent me stumbling back into an oak tree. 
“Does she really think to fight back? How amusing!” her sister said. 
“It’s much easier,” Athena hissed. “If you just accept your fate, and don’t fight it.” 
“Much easier for us,” the male vampire replied drolly. 
“You’re really going to let them kill us?” I screamed at Thane in all my fury, whatever good it would do. “They trusted you!”
“What’s she talking about?” the male asked, frowning. All this time he’d merely looked bored, but now he drew up straight, coming to attention.  
Thane sighed. “Well done, Jane. You just blew my cover.”
He was gone, a blur of movement I could barely see, let alone understand. Just as suddenly as he had moved, he paused in front of the male blood drinker. Before I could even draw breath the man’s head was torn from his body. I couldn’t help myself and screamed as I surged to my feet. 
But Thane wasn’t done. He turned to face the two women as their friend lay in a bloody mess that used to be a man. “Who is next?”
His cold, dismissive tone made me nervous. 
“Thane?” Athena said, her voice oddly calm. She looked beautiful as she stood there in her red silk gown. She knew the power she held over men, and it was obvious she was going to use those feminine wiles to help her now. I was still trying to understand if Thane was an enemy or friend. “You know I’ve always cared about you.” 
“Yes, but unfortunately I care little for you.” 
He was on her before I had time to blink. There was only a moment, a second, when everything slowed and I caught sight of her perfect, yet horrified face. They hit, falling to the ground. Blondie was stronger than I’d expected, and somehow managed to flip Thane to his back. It was a horrifying, yet somehow graceful dance. 
“I gave you a chance,” she hissed. “Now you’ll die.”
“Not today, my dear.” He kicked her in the stomach, sending her tumbling, twisting over him and landing on her back with a thud that shook the ground and billowed her skirts around her. 
I surged toward them, intending to help Thane when a firm grip drew me to a stop. “Not so fast,” a woman hissed into my ear. Athena’s sister. Her steel arm wrapped around my waist and jerked me back into her lush body. 
Thane was on Athena, his hands at her neck. 
“Touch my sister and this girl dies!” the woman behind me cried out. “I swear.”
Thane paused, glancing up at us. I could practically feel him weigh his options: kill Athena or save my life. He turned back around, dismissing us, gripped her hair tightly, and ripped Athena’s head from her body. Blood splattered across his trousers and shirt. 
“Bastard,” the other girl hissed, her arm trembling around me tightening. “You just gave your little sweetheart a death sentence.” 
“Do you really think I care?” He stood and swiped his hands across his trousers, leaving more blood on the material. “You kill her, I have what…a few moments before her blood goes bad? I can still kill you and feed.” 
“Oh, I do think you care.” She grinned. “You forget we can sense these things. You might have been able to hide your feelings from the others, but not from me.”
Startled, I forgot for a moment my fear. No, surely Thane didn’t care in the least whether I lived or died. “You’re mistaken.”
“Shut up, Jane,” Thane shot back.
I glared at him, my face flushed with annoyance and humiliation. How I hated him. 
The woman tightened her grip around my waist, painfully bending my ribs. I grimaced, my breath catching, as I waited for the bones to break. She could kill me so easily, so quickly, so painfully. And she was wrong, because Thane truly looked as if he didn’t care in the least. I knew the man, the monster, I knew what he was capable of. The bodies littering the ground were indication enough. 
She stepped back, dragging me with her until the heels of my boots dug into the damp earth. “One move and I kill her.”
Thane pulled the dagger from the sheath on his thigh, and tilted his head to the side, as if trying to decide if he should have chicken or fish for dinner. “Dare I?” Slowly he turned the dagger over and over in his hand, while watching us. He looked utterly bored. 
“I mean it, Thane,” she whispered, but I heard the nervousness in her voice. So, the beautiful ones had emotions after all. I would’ve mocked her fear if I wasn’t terrified for my life. 
He lifted his arm, pointing the dagger at us and closing one eye. “If I throw it just right…”
The blade hit her in the right eye before I had time to realize he had thrown it. She screamed, releasing her hold and stumbling back, the blade quivering in her socket. She started to reach for the weapon, but Thane was on her before she had a chance to free herself. Cringing, I looked away right as he reached for her neck. A brief second later I heard the distinct pop of bone breaking, the shriek of skin ripping. Then silence. 
Thane was barely out of breath as he strolled by me, no emotion on his face. A cold, heartless monster. “We should leave.” 
“What the hell is going on?” I demanded, trembling. “Who are you?” 
He paused for a moment, his body and mind attuned to the world around us. How I wished I could sense what he could. 
“Damn, too late.” He leaned down and scooped up my dagger from the weeds, handing it to me. “Quiet, the other two are coming.”
“Other two?” I stiffened. He’d been right all along, there were five. I searched the woods, but could see nor hear anyone. “Where? How far away?”
“Step into the clearing,” he demanded, not bothering to answer my question. “We’ll use you as bait.”
I stared at him wide-eyed. Surely I’d misheard him. “Bait?”
“Go!” 
I shoved my dagger into the sheath at my thigh and then stumbled from the shrubbery. In the small clearing moonlight filtered through the trees, hitting me fully, almost blindingly. Nothing. I heard nothing. No movement from the shadows, no sound of conversation. I started to turn toward Thane to question his instincts when I heard the unmistakable murmur of voices. 
“Now run,” Thane whispered. 
He didn’t need to tell me twice. I turned and bolted. I’d just made it to a deer path when a muscled body tackled me to the ground. I hit the forest floor hard, my forehead hitting a root. The pain was instantaneous and I had to bite my lower lip to keep from crying out. Having tackled me, the blood sucker jumped to his feet, laughing. 
“Caught one!” 
I flipped around, laying on my back. Two tall, imposing figures stood above me. I knew I couldn’t fight them, and to make matters worse, I had the terrible feeling I was going to lose consciousness. 
“Think there are more? I hate sharing. Where do you think the others went?”
Frantically I searched the dark woods, trying to find Thane. Where had he gone? Had he merely used me as bait so he could get away? 
“Who the hell knows, or cares. I say we take her for our…”
His voice broke off as a figure raced through the woods and hit both men full force. All three of them tumbled to the ground, slamming against the earth so hard that the branches above rattled. Thane. The thud of fists hitting flesh interrupted the quiet evening. A glob of dark forms that twisted and turned merging in and out of shadows. I grabbed the dagger from the sheath at my thigh and swung my arm wide, catching the blood drinker closest to me across the back of his neck. 
It didn’t kill him, but it was enough to anger the monster. He spun around, leaving his friend to deal with Thane. I shoved my dagger forward as he leapt toward me. His fingers caught my wrist, his grip so tight that the dagger flew through the air. His body hit mine and we fell to the ground. My head throbbed, the world around me spinning. He straddled me, his face only a foot or so from mine. When he grinned, those long, pointed fangs, gleamed. “How cute, it wants to fight.” 
That night Sally died came thundering back to mind, her face…the blood sucker’s face…back and forth so I wasn’t sure which reality I resided in. His grip grew tighter and he pulled me upward against his chest, his arms wrapping around almost as if he comforted me. 
“Poor, poor girl.” He bent my arm back painfully. Whimpering, I fell into him, trying to lessen the ache. “What will you do now, weak one?”
Thane loomed suddenly behind the vampire. Before the blood drinker sensed him, Thane wrapped his arm around the man’s neck, jerking him back. The blood drinker’s glowing eyes went wide and at the same time he released his hold, letting me fall to the ground. 
The blood drinker desperately clawed at Thane’s arm. “Say goodbye to Jane.”
With a quick twist, the man’s head was torn from his body. I cried out, raising my arms to cover my face just as the blood splattered through the air. Everything went silent. No more screams, no stomp of feet, no diabolical laughter. 
Firm fingers gripped my arm and jerked me to my feet. “Let’s go before more arrive.”
Thane didn’t wait for me but spun around and started toward the deer path. It was over. I’d survived again, and yet I’d needed help again. 
“Thane,” I called out, my voice trembling. He paused, his back to me. I hesitated, not fully sure what I wanted to say to him, but settled on, “Thank you.”  
For one long moment he didn’t speak, and I couldn’t help but wonder what he was thinking. “That’s twice I’ve saved your life.” Slowly he turned to face me. I could read nothing in his glowing eyes, the darkness hid his emotions. “You owe me, Jane, and I always collect my debts.”
His words startled, then angered me. I scooped up my dagger from the ground and shoved it into the sheath at my thigh. Really, the man was much too arrogant. “What do you want?”  
He shrugged. “You can pay off your first debt by returning to the camp and Will.”  
Easy enough, but I wasn’t buying it. Nothing was that simple, and certainly not where Thane was concerned. I crossed my arms over my chest and waited. “And the second debt?”
“I’ll save that one for later.” 
With that, he turned and started down the trail. 
I forced my shoulders to relax on a sigh. Wonderful. I wouldn’t know where or when, but I knew for sure he would collect on his debt, most likely to his great advantage and my utter humiliation. Gritting my teeth and biting back a curse, I forced myself to follow him. 


Chapter 7


The children never arrived. 
For two days we’d been sitting near the river, waiting at the specified meeting point, yet no one came. Kelly told me not to worry, that it took longer to travel with a group of kids. I knew the truth. And I could tell, when I looked into her clouded gaze, she was worried as well. 
Everyone was on edge, unable to sleep at night, eating little, and me…I had to bite back the comment that I wanted to make. I had known, hadn’t I? I had questioned, at least to myself, the idea of separating the children from the group. Even animals knew there was safety in numbers. But I had been weak, I hadn’t had a voice in this group, I still didn’t. 
“Here.” Carla strolled toward me and dropped a few daggers into the pile I’d been cleaning. I smiled up at her, but she didn’t bother to respond, merely headed back to Sam and started whispering. 
It was obvious they were talking about me. Their laughter drifted my way, sending the heat of embarrassment to my face. I forced myself to keep my attention on the daggers I cleaned. According to Kelly, Carla had arrived at the camp only a year ago, yet she had been openly accepted. Which meant they didn’t dislike me because I was a newbie, but most likely because of the time I spent with Will. 
“Jimmy,” Will snapped out as he came strolling into camp. “You know the rules, no fire.”
To say I was relieved to have him back would be an understatement. The more friends I had nearby, the better. Will and Tony were supposedly surveying the area, making sure there were no beautiful ones lurking. But we all knew the truth: they were searching for signs of the children. By the drawn look of Will’s face it was safe to assume they hadn’t found any clues. 
“Ah, no!” Jim whined, sticking his hands toward the flames in an attempt to soak up as much heat as possible. “It feels so warm and good!”
I hid my grin as I rubbed the rough cloth against my dagger, trying to remove the rust patches. I’d been given the task of cleaning and sharpening everyone’s weapons, a tedious but necessary job. I had a feeling I was being punished for leaving camp, but if I had to clean them until my eyes went bleary, so be it. The pile of flashing blades should have made me feel better, safer, but it didn’t. Swords and daggers would do little against the strength of a beautiful one. 
“Keep the fire,” Thane said, emerging from the dark shadows and into the ring of firelight. “I did patrol and didn’t sense any blood drinkers.”
I stiffened at his approach, my heartbeat faltering. How did he always know where to find us? He didn’t bother to glance my way. In fact, we hadn’t had any contact since I’d returned to camp. But then again, he barely paid attention to anyone. Thane kept to himself, sitting along the outskirts when he was here, making only the minimum of conversation with Will. He appeared and disappeared when he wanted, and I never knew when to expect him. It made me feel on edge for some reason. 
Last night I’d woken in the middle of the night when everyone slept. Restless, I’d rolled to my side only to find Thane sitting there watching me from across the camp. He merely leaned against a tree, his gaze direct, as if daring me to react. Finally, I’d broken eye contact, turning so my back was to him once more, but unable to sleep the rest of the night. 
He strolled to a fallen log on the outskirts of camp. His movements were easy, unhurried, graceful, like the animal he was. He pulled his sword from the sheath on his back and began to clean and polish it, not asking me to do the job. In fact, he never asked for anything. Not water, not food and certainly not help. It had been two days since I’d left camp and returned. Two days wondering when he would collect that second debt. Did he keep me in suspense on purpose? I frowned, picking up another dagger. Of course he did. 
Will settled on the ground next to me. The dhampir might have been confusing, but Will was rather easy to understand and that was exactly why I liked him. Will was all about the group; everything he did was for the better of us all. Whereas Thane…well, Thane was about himself. 
“Hey.” I smiled up at Will as I replaced the clean dagger with a rusty one. 
“You okay?” he asked. 
He’d shaved. I’d seen him do it before with a sharpened blade. While others seemed to cut themselves, Will hadn’t. My fingers curled as I resisted the urge to reach out and touch his smooth cheek. 
I shrugged, watching the smoke from the fire drift up into the enormous, dark sky. Would I ever get used to the vastness of it all? To the eerie sounds that echoed across the hills and through the woods? “Yeah, fine.” 
He rested his hand on my forearm, his touch warm and comforting, although I didn’t want to admit it, not even to myself. “You sure? Thane said you were attacked the other day.”
I bit back my sigh. Why had Thane told him? I didn’t want to talk about the attack, I didn’t want to talk about the beautiful ones and I certainly didn’t want to hear an ‘I told you so.’ I never should have left the group. I knew that now. But I didn’t need people like Tony and Carla mocking me.  
“Yeah. I’m great.” I laughed, realizing how ridiculous that sounded. Thane glanced my way. Instantly my smile fell. Just as quickly as he had looked at me, he looked away and I was left to wonder what his brief glance had meant, if anything. 
“Jane?” Will reached out, lightly touching my forehead where the bump I’d gotten during the fight in the forest with Thane still throbbed. 
I tore my gaze from Thane and focused on Will. “Sorry, I just…can a person truly ever be great in this world?” He looked confused, as if I’d asked him the meaning of life. “It’s okay. Maybe I’m not great, but seriously, I’m fine. No harm.”
He didn’t say anything, just watched me curiously, trying to figure out a puzzle, the same way Tom had always looked at me. I forced myself to smile, not wanting him to suspect anything. As far as they knew I was completely normal now. They didn’t need to know that at night I often lay awake, too afraid of my nightmares to sleep. That during the day, while hiking, I worried I would slip back into that pit of darkness and insanity. Worried I would never fit in anywhere. 
I picked up Will’s dagger, which I’d been polishing and handed it to him. “It’s a bit much…for anyone. The death, the blood.” 
Images of broken bodies and heads torn from necks swirled through my mind. I shoved the memories aside, refusing to dwell upon them. 
Will rested his hand on my lower back, startling me. “I know. Listen, Jane, I want you here.” Even though it was dusk and the only light was the dull glow of the fire, I could still see he blushed. I found his reaction endearing. “I mean, we all want you here.” 
I took in a deep trembling breath, steeling my nerves, and managed to meet his gaze. I needed to know more. I needed to understand all that I could, and I’d much rather ask questions than dwell on my confusing emotions for Will. If we were going to be friends, I needed to know I could trust him with my plans, and I so needed someone to talk to. “When were you rescued?”
He pulled back, leaving distance between us. “I wasn’t.” 
“You escaped then?” 
“No.” He raked his hands through his hair, flustered, although I wasn’t sure why. I watched the reflection of the flames dancing in his eyes as he tried desperately to think of the best way to explain, which confused me even more. What, exactly, was there to say? 
“Truth is, I was born out here.” 
I hadn’t been expecting that. “You’re serious?”
He nodded. “Actually, my mother was born out here too. There are still pockets of us, you know. Natives, we call ourselves.” He nudged the toe of his boot into the dirt. “My father was a chosen one.” 
I wondered where his parents were now, but didn’t dare ask. I didn’t need any more horror stories at the moment. So, he didn’t know what it was like to live in the compounds? I wasn’t quite sure how to feel about that. All those lectures he’d given me back at the skyscraper had been unfounded, hadn’t they? After all, he didn’t truly understand what I had gone through. 
“I see.” But I didn’t, not really. 
I didn’t want to be annoyed with Will, but I was. How could he pretend to understand? He had no idea what it was like to be picked, to watch your friend be led to her very death. “This war between the beautiful ones and us… how long has this been going on?”
“We’re not sure.” He seemed relieved to be discussing something other than his personal life, and I wondered if he was hiding anything else. “Over a hundred years.” He picked up a stick and began drawing nonsensical swirls in the dirt. “We thrived once, a long time ago.”
I’d figured as much, reading the books. Still, it was shocking to hear, and even harder to believe. 
He drew a map in the dirt. I’d seen that map before in one of Jimmy’s books. The United States. He tapped the end of the stick in the middle of the map. “Humans ruled this world at one time, until the blood drinkers decided we weren’t worthy and took over.” 
I shook my head, confused. I’d heard it before, but it seemed impossible…preposterous. Compared to the beautiful ones, we were feeble. “Are you serious?”
He nodded. “Those cities, those buildings, they were made by our people. The books you read were written by our people.”
Either Will was lying to make me feel better, or he truly believed what he said. If it were true, did that mean we could possibly make such marvelous things again? “My ancestors?”
“Yes.” He smiled. “Our ancestors.”  
I shook my head and studied our small group. Tony and Kelly. Jimmy. Carla and Sam cuddling in the corner. Did they believe Will’s claim? Yeah, I trusted Will, but it seemed impossible. “But how did they lose power?”
He frowned. “Greed, of course. Humans were fighting each other for control. Blood drinkers saw an opportunity. While humans were distracted with each other, the blood drinkers were able to bond, when before they’d lived alone, hidden within the shadows. While the humans were embroiled in their own wars, they knew it was the perfect time to strike.” He drew an X through the map. “At least that is the story carried down through generations.” 
Steve moved forward, handing a tin plate of food to Will, and then one to me. He smiled a shy smile, genuinely friendly. I smiled back, grateful for the food and the break. 
We had thrived once, could we again? “So, there are more of us out there?”
He nodded. “So many more. We,” he glanced around the camp, “are merely scouts. Always on the move, constantly scouring this area for escaped chosen ones to take back to the permanent camps. But there are more of us posted throughout the country. And up on the border of Canada and the United States there is a large base camp. Blood drinkers don’t like cold.”
There was so much I didn’t know. We were quiet for a few moments as we ate the rabbit, chopped walnuts, and root vegetables someone had mixed. “Why don’t they like the cold?” 
He shrugged. “For some reason it makes them sluggish.” 
“Reptiles are sluggish in the cold, and some other animals have to hibernate.” Unwillingly, my gaze went to Thane as I finished my meager meal. “Does he share information with you? Is that how you know these things?”
“Not really. Don’t get me wrong, he shares, but this is information we uncovered years ago, piecing together the facts.” Will tossed his empty tin to the ground. It was Carla’s duty to clean up after the meal. Just like in the compound, we all had our jobs. “They don’t exactly confide in Thane. He’s not like them. He’s more…human.”
Was he? When the image of him tearing those heads from the bodies flashed to mind, I certainly had my misgivings. Yet, here, now, watching him clean his weapons, I realized he looked rather normal. A lock of dark hair had fallen across his cheek, hiding the scar. And yes, his lashes were so thick, they left shadows on his sharp cheekbones; his features so stunning he could have been a painting I’d seen in a book. But if you ignored his fine face, he looked like any one of us. 
“Most of our orders come by word of mouth from Raven.”
“Wait…what?” I asked, shocked. “Raven?”
“He’s the one who sends us information at times. We believe he lives north.”
I frowned. “Who is he?”
“I’m not sure. I’ve never met him.”
He was taking orders from a man he’d never met? Jimmy moved to Thane, sitting down beside him and chatting. I couldn’t hear what they said, but I couldn’t help but notice how at ease the boy seemed around the half-vampire. “How can he kill so easily?” 
“Thane?” Will asked. 
I nodded. 
“He has to. It’s kill or be killed.”
Yes, I’d heard it before. “No, he’s ruthless about it.”
Will shifted, obviously uneasy. He didn’t want to talk badly about his friend, and for that, I respected him. But I still wanted to know. “I suppose it’s the blood drinker in him,” Will admitted.  
So, he wasn’t quite human after all. We were silent for a moment. Thane, as if sensing our attention, lifted his head and met my gaze. I flushed and looked away. When he looked at me with such intensity I had the feeling he could read my thoughts. 
“Make no mistake, he’s better than most of them,” Will said. “He hates the blood drinkers as much as we do. He’s saved more lives than any of us. But I suppose deep down, he’s still part of them.”
I slid Will a glance. “Are you telling me not to trust him?”
He released a wry laugh. “Honestly, Jane, in this world you can’t trust anyone.”
Frowning, I nudged a pebble with the toe of my boot. Well, that was a depressing thought. At the compound we’d had to trust each other. We were a community, and we needed everyone for that community to thrive. 
He leaned against me, his arm pressing warmly against mine. “But for me, of course. You can always trust me.”
I looked up into his eyes, taking in that dimpled grin, and my heart fluttered even though I told it not to. Even though I said I couldn’t possibly be attracted to him because there were more important things to worry about, my body betrayed me. Will was honorable, caring, brave. He was the exact opposite of everything the beautiful ones represented. 
So why, then, did I tear my gaze from Will and find myself reluctantly focusing on the spot were Thane had been seated only moments ago? A spot that was now vacant. “I don’t know if I can again, Will. I don’t know if I can kill, and be a part of this never-ending war.”
“You’d be surprised at what you can do when your life is threatened.” He rested his hand on mine. The warmth and comfort of his touch was almost my undoing. It wasn’t the first time he’d touched me. I realized with some nervousness that I was starting to enjoy the feel of his hands on me. 
“It will get better, Jane. You will get stronger.”
Perhaps I would, for I had no choice. Fight, or be killed. “Yeah, but when will it all end? The fighting, the murdering…”
He didn’t answer, but he didn’t need to. Perhaps it wouldn’t end…ever. We both fell silent. He stared into the flames, and I studied those around us. Jim was humming a song as he sat by the warmth of the fire. He had his dagger out and was sharpening the end of a stick. There was no worry on his innocent face. A couple others were sleeping, their heads resting on their bags. Kelly and Tony were kissing near the shadows. I flushed and tore my attention from them. Not one person looked worried. They’d learned to accept their fate. Always on guard, but not always anxious. Could I ever adapt to this way of life? 
“Want to train?”
“Yes,” I replied a little too quickly. Anything to get away from my worrisome thoughts. 
“I knew that would make you smile.” He stood. “Jimmy, time to put out the fire.”
He frowned, but obeyed Will’s command and started throwing dirt onto the flames. 
I fell into step beside Will and we followed a path into the woods. The world around us was aglow in moonlight. A hush had come with the night, and our footsteps were quiet as we made our way into a clearing beyond the trees, eager to forget this new life for a moment. The physical exercise was just what I needed to get my mind off of deeper things. 
“As they have better eyesight than us, many blood drinkers will hunt at dusk, dawn, and in the night. It gives them the advantage. You usually won’t know they’re there until it’s too late.”
I shivered despite myself, and couldn’t help but study the shadows around us. “Which is why we move during the day?”
He nodded as we paused in the middle of the clearing. The moonlight filtering through the leaves above highlighted Will’s face. He was handsome. Not as stunning as Thane, but there was a ruggedness about him that I found highly intriguing. I tore my gaze from him and focused on the night sky. Not a full moon, but it would be soon.  
“Therefore, you need to know how to battle hand to hand.” He stepped close to me and reached out. I had to force myself not to jump when his finger slid down the outside of my thigh. He pulled my dagger loose from its sheath and held it toward me. “We’ll start with something small.” 
I took the weapon gratefully, eager to step back, out of reach and clear my thoughts. The point of training was to forget about my confusing emotions toward Will, not make them worse. “If they catch me and it’s too late, what’s the good of training?”
“They won’t kill you right away. They like warm, fresh blood.” 
I grimaced at the thought. So, all that time while Sally was being pinned down, after they had sunk their teeth into her neck, she had still had a chance…she was still living. Will grabbed my arm, hooked his foot behind my leg and dropped me to the ground. I hit the earth with a thud that stirred the dirt into a cloud around me. 
“Hey!” I glared up at him. “I wasn’t ready.”
He held his arms wide, grinning. “I thought we were fighting, not daydreaming. You always have to be prepared.”
I shoved my palms into the dirt and sat up. “Got it,” I gritted out, more than annoyed. “Always prepared.” 
He held out his hand. I paused for the slightest moment, unsure if I should trust him, but I relented and slid my hand into his. He wasn’t the only one who could play dirty. With a quick jerk I pulled him down beside me. 
Will hit the ground as I jumped to my feet, dagger in hand. “Always prepared.” 
“Talk about unfair,” he muttered, frowning up at me. “As I said…don’t trust anyone.”
“Oh stop.” I laughed, my annoyance gone as quickly as it had arrived. “You know you can trust me.”
Slowly, he stood. There was something in his gaze that caught me off guard. Something I’d noticed before when I found him watching me. I shifted, uneasy. I had the odd feeling we were no longer training. 
“Can I?” 
A sensation I didn’t quite understand rushed through my body. My amusement fled. He moved close to me, so close that my mind began to wander, my good intentions lost. I knew I needed to concentrate, that this could all be some ruse to catch me off balance, but I couldn’t seem to think when he looked at me so intensely. And when Will stepped even closer, leaning so near that his musky scent swirled around me, I was lost. 
“Can I trust you, Jane?” 
“Of course you can trust me,” I whispered.
“I know.”  
It was only as his gaze met mine that I realized he was going to kiss me. My first kiss. The entire world seemed to slow as Will lowered his lashes. I didn’t close my eyes…I couldn’t seem to move. His lips brushed gently over mine. A shiver, hot and cold, raced down my spine.  
“Training?” Thane’s voice snapped through the darkness. 
Startled, I stumbled back before I could decide if I had enjoyed the kiss or not. A horrified blush rushed straight to my cheeks and I was grateful for the cover of darkness. 
“Thane,” Will muttered, sounding annoyed. “Perfect timing.”  
“I’d love to help train,” Thane said, strolling into the clearing as if he hadn’t a care in the world. As if he hadn’t just interrupted us. “After all, it can only be better if she fights me…someone who is half blood-drinker.” 
Thane looked all innocence and ease as he waited across from me. I knew better. His gaze was distant, aloof. I might trust Will, but I didn’t trust Thane in the least. Will abandoned me, moving toward the edge of the clearing in silent approval. Suddenly I was alone with Thane. Those eyes showed no kindness or compassion, but were mere hard flakes of ice. I had the oddest feeling that he was angry with me for some reason I didn’t understand. 
“Please,” he said. “You first.” 
It was rather hard to believe that only a brief moment ago I’d been kissing Will, and now was about to spar with Thane. With no real choice but to play along, I lunged at him. Thane easily stepped away, so fast I barely noticed him move. Frustrated, I stepped back, trying to regroup my thoughts and decide my next course of action. What was his weakness? Every being had one, didn’t they? 
“A minute,” Will called out. 
Thane gave us a mocking bow. “By all means, make your plans.” 
I didn’t dare turn my back to the dhampir, but moved toward Will with my gaze still pinned to Thane. Will leaned close, his lips at my ear. “Study the way he’s standing.” 
I focused on Thane’s stance. The darkness made it impossible to read his features, but I had a feeling he was laughing at us. Amusement practically thrummed from his body. He assumed I was no threat. 
“See how his weight is leaning toward the right?”
Thane stood there at ease, waiting for us with no worries. He might have them fooled, but not me. While others saw a man of honor, I saw determination and hunger. Thane was more blood drinker than human.  
“To shift to his left it will take energy, and might throw him off balance. So most likely he’ll go right.”
I knew the truth…I would never be able to beat Thane. Still, I nodded, gripping my dagger a little tighter and pretending that I might have a chance. Truly, it was sweet of Will to try and help, as worthless as it was. “Okay.”
“By looking at his stance, you’ll know which way he’s going. All you have to do is lunge a foot or so out of reach. At the same time he’ll move.” Thane shifted impatiently. “Your dagger meets him there.” 
I gave him a tight smile, pretending I had a chance. “Got it.” 
Determined, I moved back into the clearing with a steady pace. Hoping to catch Thane by surprise, I shot forward the moment he was within reach. He chopped at my arm. The pain was immediate. Crying out, my fingers opened and the dagger fell. Instinctively I grabbed for it, catching the weapon blade first. The sharp sting had me pulling back, but it was too late. 
“Damn,” Will snapped, racing into the clearing. “Are you all right?” He grabbed my hand, studying the thin dark line of blood that marked my palm, the same palm I’d injured in the city. 
“I’m fine. No big deal.” I pulled away, embarrassed by his attention and the way he fawned over my injury. The group already thought I was a burden. I didn’t want to be weak anymore.  
“It is a big deal.” He lifted the hem of his shirt and ripped a strip clean. “This will work, at least for now. We’ll have to clean it later.” He was worried. “Even a small cut…” He shook his head. “I should have known you weren’t ready.”
“Will,” I snapped, flushing. “It’s not your fault. I’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, but—”
I slapped my uninjured hand over his mouth. “Enough!”
For a minute we just stood there, the entire world, including Thane, forgotten. I was completely aware of his warm lips on my hand, the memory of that kiss came painfully back into focus. Slowly, I removed my hand. I might not be able to trust many, but Will was right…I could trust him. 
“It’s not your fault,” I repeated. 
“If anything, it was my fault,” Thane interrupted. 
I glanced over my shoulder, confused. Why was he taking the blame? I was no expert on the man, but even I knew that wasn’t like him at all. 
“I do apologize.” His dark brows were drawn together in concern. “I should have known you weren’t well enough to fight.”
And there it was, the tone in his voice, the implication that I was pathetic… My ire grew, replacing any embarrassment or unease. He knew. Somehow he knew my Achilles heel…my weakness. “I’m fine. Really. Don’t bother yourself.”
“You forget we can sense these things,” the vampire had said in those woods during the attack. 
Had she been serious? Could Thane sense my feelings? My thoughts? It was a suspicion that wouldn’t let go. 
His lips quirked, the amusement shimmering in his glowing gaze. “Surely you should rest.”  
“I’m fine,” I said warily. “Let’s continue.”
“Jane,” Will started. 
“I’m okay.”
The sound of snapping branches was followed by Tony and Kelly’s appearance along the outskirts of the clearing. Great, even more people to witness my utter humiliation. Ignoring them, I focused on Thane. He shifted his body toward the right in a natural stance. I narrowed my eyes, my mind spinning. It was all too easy. He was playing with me. Had he heard Will’s instructions? If Thane’s senses were better than ours, maybe he had heard our conversation. If so, he would expect me to go for his right side. 
“Ready?” he asked calmly. 
I didn’t respond. Instead I went with my instincts and lunged left immediately, dagger extended. Thane was a blur before me, spinning out of the way just in time. As I stumbled to regain my balance I realized I had judged correctly, and I’d actually almost cut him. Shocked, I met Thane’s gaze. Will hollered, laughing loudly, thrilled with my success. 
“Well done, Jane!” he called out.
 Thane merely quirked a brow. “Almost took out my kidney.” He bowed low. “Good job. Can’t outsmart you.”
Why did I have the feeling he was mocking me? I didn’t have time to decipher Thane’s reaction for Kelly was suddenly at my side, her arm sliding through mine. “Smart move, Jane.” 
I gave her a grateful smile, noticing that while she and Will seemed happy for me, Tony merely glared from the outskirts. Would the man ever accept me as one of the group? Or would I always be trying to prove myself to them? I shook off my unease and focused on the thrilling sense of victory. Tony couldn’t get me down. No one could. I’d finally proven myself.  
“Told you she’s ready,” Will said. 
“Ready?” I slid the dagger back into the sheath, trying to regain control of my breath. “For what?”
But no one was paying attention. The fight was over, and I apparently, was no longer of interest. 
Tony’s brows drew together. “You can’t be serious.” 
“For what?” I asked Kelly.  
“Please, Will, most of us have been training for years,” Tony added, not only sounding bitter, but angry. “She caught a lucky break, that doesn’t mean she’s ready.” 
“You can’t deny she’s smart,” Will said. “Smarter than most of us. Her instincts are spot on.” 
Thane didn’t bother to reply; he merely crossed his arms over his chest and stood there watching them argue, as if he watched some silly play between humans who were so far beneath him. He’d distanced himself from the group once more. 
Tony’s hands fisted at his sides. “Intelligence isn’t everything. This is a stupid plan.” 
I swore I could hear Will’s teeth grind together. “I’m aware of your opinion.” 
“Are you?” Tony shoved his hand against Will’s chest, sending him stumbling back a couple steps. 
Kelly gasped and I was just as shocked. 
“Tony,” she called out. “Stop!” 
But Tony ignored her. “I know why you’re doing this. You’re putting everyone in jeopardy for her.” 
Will shifted, bracing his legs apart in a commanding stance. He had enough discipline not to shove Tony back. “You don’t know anything. It’s time we stopped running from them.”
Startled, I glanced at Kelly. “What’s going on? I don’t understand.” 
Tony snorted, his glare coming to rest on me. “Will’s trying to impress you.”
Kelly released a nervous laugh. “No, he’s just realized it’s time to act.” 
“You’ve always said it was too dangerous before. We all agreed. So, why now?” He jabbed his finger toward me. “Because you want to impress her.”
“Kelly?” I demanded. “What’s he talking about?”
“We’re leaving,” Will said, interrupting. “But not for the reasons Tony believes.” 
Confused, I glanced around the group. Kelly was looking at the ground, everywhere but at me. She knew something I didn’t. They all did. Tony was glaring at Will. And Thane merely looked amused by it all. 
“Where are we going?” I demanded. 
“To your compound,” Will finally explained. “You’re getting what you wanted. We’re going to try and save your friends.” 


Chapter 8


“You sure you wouldn’t rather go to your home compound where you were born?” Kelly whispered as she lay beside me in the vegetation. “You have a sister and brothers there, right?”
Home? I had never felt at home there behind those walls. 
A gnat swarmed my face, but I didn’t dare reach out to slap it away for fear the movement would draw unwanted attention from below. “No. We need Tom on our side, and his compound is closer. It just makes sense.” 
I’d told her about my family one sleepless night, but was surprised she remembered. She’d had an older sister who had been killed before her, so she probably didn’t understand why I wouldn’t want to save my family first. But Tom was my family; I was closer to him than I’d been to anyone else. Besides, I had a bad feeling this wasn’t going to work. 
Below, Tom’s compound lay nestled between two hills. We could see into the fenced area, the people milling about, doing their jobs. They were ants down there, just waiting to be crushed by the beautiful ones. So completely clueless. They had no idea what was to come. We were far enough away that none of them would notice us, but for the dhampir standing guard with their super human senses. It had been almost a month since I’d seen Tom, but it seemed like years and years ago. A dream. 
“This is a damn suicide,” Tony muttered next to Kelly.  
Part of me agreed with him. 
“We’re tired of sitting around waiting to be killed,” Will snapped back. Things had been tense since their argument the other night and I couldn’t help but feel responsible. “It’s time to act.”
Will had been short-tempered and nervous on our day-long hike, making me wonder if he’d second-guessed his decision. Did he really want to do this? But now that I was here and Tom was down there somewhere, I couldn’t seem to voice my concerns. I took my lower lip between my teeth. Yes, I was being selfish, but I needed to see him. 
The dhampir patrolled the area, casually strolling back and forth in front of the gate. They held no weapons; they didn’t need them. Their arrogance, I hoped, would be their downfall. 
“Would they help us?” I asked. “The dhampir?” 
“No.” Will didn’t even bother to glance my way—he was too busy studying the scenery as if he expected to be attacked at any moment. I wondered if he’d ever been this close to a compound before. “We already tried. In the end, Thane had to kill the guy so he wouldn’t squeal.”
I slid Thane a glance. He lay on the other side of Will, quiet, unconcerned. Sunlight pierced the leaves above, highlighting the hard planes of his face and that pale scar. As if sensing my attention, he turned his head and caught my gaze. I flushed, looking away. Of course he’d killed him. Why did every story to do with Thane end with him murdering someone? 
“We need to act,” Will whispered. “Might as well be now.”  
I curled my fingers into the dirt, eager to go. There, amongst the throng of people somewhere, was Tom. I tried to decipher his red hair from the light and dark brown, but couldn’t tell if any men were him at that distance. The urge to race down there was overwhelming, but I knew I had to be patient. 
“Once you do this,” Will whispered, glancing at Thane. “There’s no going back. You will be a traitor, and they’ll most likely find out what you’ve done.”
In other words, he would not be rescuing anyone else. I stared at the dirt I lay upon, watching an ant weave its way around grass and pebbles. Never before had I wished to be an inconsequential insect as much as I did at that moment. Thane wouldn’t be able to save anyone else, and if Tony was right, it would be my fault. 
“I know,” Thane replied.  
A wave of guilt hit me hard. Tony had implied we were here because of me. I hadn’t thought much about it. I hadn’t wanted to. No, I’d selfishly accepted that this was Will’s decision. But now the importance of what we were trying to do overwhelmed me. Thane jumped gracefully to his feet and moved down the hill, leaving us without another word. 
“Will?” I shifted closer to him, so close I could smell his musky scent, see the scruff along his jaw. “Are you sure now’s the right time?”
He gave me a reassuring smile, those dimples flashing. “It’s time.”
“But--”
“Jane.” He leaned closer so I could hear. “Despite what Tony thinks, I’m not doing this just because of you.”
I flushed, but forced myself to hold his gaze. “Then why?”
He glanced at the others, as if to make sure they were out of hearing distance. “I received a note the other day from Raven and he said it’s time to act.”
Surprised, I glanced toward the compound, but Thane had already disappeared. So, we weren’t here because of me at all, but because of this mythical Raven. I was relieved, but slightly annoyed at the same time. Why hadn’t Will mentioned it before now? “And he said to act?”
“Yes. Although he left it up to me to decide exactly when.” 
“Will, Thane’s getting ready to attack at the front,” Tony whispered the warning. 
Will pulled away from me, our leader once more. “Remember the plan: once Thane kills the few guards posted in front, we act.”  
I wondered what Tom would think when he finally knew the truth. Wondered how they would all react. But mostly I wondered how we could possibly get them through the woods and back to camp without being caught. I took in a deep, trembling breath. For now, one step at a time. We needed them, needed our own army, if wanted any chance of fighting the beautiful ones. 
“Jane?” Kelly whispered. 
I scooted closer to her. “Yeah?” 
“Are you afraid?”
“Yes.” She nodded, reaching out and grasping my hand. 
A few minutes later Thane strolled toward the front of the gates, so casually that for a moment I’d forgotten he was on our side. I shivered, watching him work, knowing what was to come. “He’s like an animal. He kills with no conscience.”
Kelly glanced at me. “There’s more to him than you realize.”
Reluctantly I tore my gaze from Thane and the gates. “What do you mean?”
She shrugged, looking uncomfortable. I’d realized early on they didn’t like to talk about him, as if they were betraying the blood drinker by divulging his past. I found their loyalty honorable and frustrating. “He had a love at one time, you know.”
Shocked, I found myself actually speechless for a few moments. Thane had loved someone? That seemed impossible. “A vampire?” Is that why he hated them so? Had she broken his heart and this was his form of revenge? That, at least, made some sense. 
“Not a blood drinker,” Kelly said, surprising me for the second time. “Not even a dhampir. But one of the servants at the castle.”
“A human?” I glanced at him again. He’d managed to talk the guards into opening the gates. They trusted him, but wouldn’t after today. That man had loved a human? Impossible. “What happened to the human?” 
“They killed her. Drank her dead.”
Suddenly Thane’s comments came rushing back to me with new meaning. 
“We are servants to them. Just as some of your people are.” 
“Those who are lucky,” I had said, so completely stupid at the time. 
“No,” he replied. “Not lucky. Far from it.”
They’d killed his love. I swallowed hard over the lump of emotion suddenly clogging my throat. I didn’t know what to think anymore. So, he did know what it was like to merely wait for those you loved to die. And this was his revenge. So be it. I could live with that. And I could certainly understand.  
“He was out at the time,” Kelly continued. “He’d always been able to protect her while at the castle, but he was sent to his first compound, and that’s when it happened.”
“Enough with the gossip,” Tony snapped. 
As much as I wanted to keep questioning her, Tony was right for once. The gates were opened. It was time to act. Will tucked his feet underneath him and stood slowly, using the maple to hide behind. Tony followed. 
While Thane kept the guards occupied, we moved down the hill. Grass rustled, birds chirped and took flight at our approach. We did little to hide our progress, for we wanted the guards to see us. We wanted their attention on us, not Thane. We’d taken only a few steps when the guards turned. Thane took advantage of the distraction to leap upon the guard closest to him. We had surprise on our side. No human had ever attacked them before. Hearing his friend’s cry, the other guard tried to help. And that’s when we attacked. Racing down the hill, Will lifted his sword, Tony close behind him. 
“Go!” Thane demanded, pushing me toward the open gate. “You have ten minutes, at the most.” 
Kelly and I raced into the compound. As my foot stepped over that imaginary line separating the outside world from the inside, everything seemed to slow. For the briefest of moments I felt like I was back there again. Trapped in a cage. I froze in the middle of their commons area, where the ground was worn from their waiting and pacing for the beautiful ones. Where they’d stand on the last Sunday of every month hoping to be picked. Where I’d last seen Tom. 
“Jane? Do you see him?”
Kelly’s voice jerked me from my stupor. I scanned the people who were slowly making their way toward us, drawn by the open gates, confused because they saw no beautiful ones. They automatically started into two lines, trained so well that they were like the pet dogs we’d occasionally kept. 
“Hurry, you need to gather your people,” Kelly called out to them. “You must hurry. It’s an emergency.” 
It was finally a woman in a dingy brown dress who stepped forward, taking the lead. “Can we help you?” She was older, in her twenties and reminded me so much of Sally that it was hard to look directly at her. 
Thane brushed by me, centering himself between the lines. The guards were dead, obviously, or he wouldn’t be here. Will might be our leader, but these chosen ones would only listen to Thane, the one person they knew.  
“You recognize me,” he stated in a loud, authoritative voice that demanded respect. “You know me.” 
I searched for Tom, but couldn’t find him. What if I was too late? What if he’d already been chosen? Desperate, I started through the crowds, weaving my way between the two lines, searching for his familiar face. ,
“I’m here to tell you the truth.” Thane started to walk between the lines. “You are not here for your protection. You are not here because you will be offered some great reward when you are chosen.” He paused, the entire crowd was deathly silent. “You are here because you are food for the beautiful ones.” 
They didn’t react the way I’d expected. But of course they didn’t understand. It was too outlandish, too insane for them to even comprehend. They slid each other confused glances, as if looking for answers from their neighbors. But I didn’t have time to explain. I needed to find Tom and fast. Tom would listen, he would understand. Where the hell was he?  
“Jane?” someone whispered, a low sound that I heard even over the murmured confusion of the group. 
I jerked my gaze from the crowd, looked past Thane and found the familiar face I’d been hoping for, there…at the back. “Tom.” 
He shoved his way through the group and I raced forward. Seeing him was a shock to my system. It had been almost a month, and as I raced toward him I tried to take everything in at once. His hair was longer, his face leaner, and I was sure his shoulders seemed broader. But it was when I saw the woman next to him that I pulled up short.
Slowly, my gaze dropped to their clasped hands. Tom wasn’t alone, he wasn’t pining after me. He’d replaced me. But if I’d been surprised to see him, he seemed even more shocked to see me. I could imagine what he must think…finding me in men’s trousers with a dagger strapped to my thigh. I looked like one of the warriors I’d read about. Tom’s nightmare, I went against everything he understood. 
“Jane?” he whispered again.
I started forward. “I can explain.”  
“Jane, wait.” Will reached out and latched onto my arm, holding me back. “Let Thanatos.” 
I wanted to jerk away from his hold and continue to speak to Tom, but managed to keep my mouth shut.  
“You are here,” Thane continued. “As food, nothing more than cattle. You are here to be murdered.” 
The entire group, at least thirty people now, all gasped in shock and dismay. I should’ve been focused on our mission; instead I could manage to do nothing but stare at Tom’s new love interest. He’d found that woman to take to the couple’s cabin after all, and apparently here they were allowed to touch in public. 
Catching my gaze, she turned toward Tom and I heard her whisper, “Do you know her? What do they mean?”
Tom shook his head, that overly long hair brushing against the collar of his shirt. “I don’t know. I don’t understand.” 
It was obvious no one understood and I knew why…they didn’t want to believe. They’d been bred on romantic ideals of life outside these fences, they didn’t want to give up the hope, the dream. 
“Tom.” I moved away from Will and started toward him. I was acutely aware of the way his gaze took in my outfit, the look of bewildered shock upon his face at my unexpected arrival, or maybe the change in my appearance. I was someone he no longer recognized. But did he still trust me? 
I paused only a few feet away, keeping my gaze focused on him and not the girl at his side. “You know me. You know I’d never lie to you. It’s true. If you are chosen, they will kill you.”
He released a harsh laugh. “But you were chosen, and you’re still alive.”
“I escaped, but Sally…she didn’t.” 
He shook his head, stepping back, as if distance could keep the truth away. “What are you saying?” 
My frustration grew, and when he latched onto his girlfriend and pulled her even closer as if to protect her, my annoyance flared. “Tom, come on. You can’t truly doubt me?”
“They killed the guards!” someone cried out. 
I cringed and Tom saw the truth on my face. The truth caused chaos. The younger children cried out, scattering toward the older ones. The older ones, who looked just as terrified, started shuffling into a group like deer in a herd. How stupid we’d all been. How unprepared. And now, I could see that fear clouding their judgment. 
“Help!” one woman cried out, as if expecting some beautiful one to come to her rescue. “Help us!”
Their naiveté disgusted me. Kelly rushed toward the woman to try and hush her, but it was of no use. This was not going the way we’d expected and I couldn’t help but feel responsible. I’d picked this compound for my own selfish reasons. But we should have realized they would never turn on the beautiful ones. They had been brain-washed from the beginning. Will couldn’t understand it, but I did, and I could tell by the disappointed look on Kelly’s face that she did as well. 
“We need to go now,” Will said impatiently. “Are any of you coming with us?”
Not one person stepped forward, they merely huddled together in a blob, terrified, completely clueless and utterly unready to accept the truth. They didn’t know us, why would they trust us?  
But I did know one person here. “Tom?”
If I could get him on my side, maybe, just maybe the others would follow. 
“Tom,” I repeated, stepping toward him. 
He shook his head, looking nervous, scared. And in that moment I remembered and understood what Thane had said… there were two kinds of people: the kind who took the books and the kind who didn’t. I’d tried so hard to change Tom over the years, but I couldn’t. Tom would never take the books. 
“Tom, please.” I started to reach for him, but he stumbled back, out of arm’s length. “You have to believe me.”
“You’ve never liked them, Jane.” He wrapped his arm around his girl, holding her close. She looked terrified and I realized he’d found the perfect woman after all…someone who would conform. “You’ve always wanted to be outside the gates.”
“I wouldn’t lie to you!”
“Jane.” Will gripped my upper arms, pulling me back. “We have to go now.” 
My anger flared, I jerked out of his grasp, desperate to make him understand. “I wouldn’t lie about murder, Tom! And that’s what they’ll do, murder you!” 
“Jane,” Will hissed, shoving me toward the gates. “Go! It’s no use. They won’t listen.”
But I spun out of reach. I had to save Tom, even if I had to force him to leave. Suddenly, Thane was there. Before I could guess his intentions, he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder. I hit his hard body with a thud that momentarily knocked the wind from my lungs. 
“Let me go!” I gasped. 
“Some people don’t want to see the truth, even when it’s right in front of them.” He started toward the gates and I could only watch as I got farther and farther away from that cowering group. “We tried, Jane.”  
“Tom, please!” I cried out, although I knew Thane was right; it was a lost cause. The Tom I had known was gone, perhaps he’d never existed. This man was a stranger to me. 
At the gates, Thane settled me on my feet. As I regained my balance, I found Tom easily, still protecting the woman, whoever she was. As much as I wanted to be angry, I couldn’t, knowing that he was going to end up regretting his choice. In those last moments, when he was pinned to the tabletop before the beautiful ones tore out his throat, he would realize I had been right all along. 
“Please,” I whispered one last time. 
Thane grabbed my hand and jerked me from the compound. We left the gates open, perhaps in a last-ditch attempt to free the chosen ones, or maybe we just didn’t have time to close them. But it didn’t matter, because a chosen one raced forward to close the gates, trapping them within their own prison. 
“Halt!” a dhampir guard called out, appearing in front of us, someone Thane had missed. 
“Go!” Thane shoved me toward the others as he blocked the guard. I could hear the grunt of their fighting, fists hitting fists, but didn’t dare look back. I’d seen enough death for the day. 
Where one guard appeared, another would follow. If I fell behind, Will and Kelly couldn’t afford to come back for me. Not this time. And so I ran. I ran as fast as I could even though I’d rarely run in my life. Shot back up the hill, ran so long and so hard that my entire body trembled with exhaustion. And although they quickly outdistanced me and I could barely see the rest of the group ahead, I kept going, trying to outrun Tom and his rejection, trying to outrun the realization that he would be murdered soon. And only when I thought I might faint, did I finally see them paused atop a hill. 
I managed to make it up the steep grade and collapsed near them. Above, the trees wavered in and out of focus as my mind fought to maintain consciousness. I clung to the exhaustion, needing the pain to forget.  
“It was a damn waste of time,” Will snapped breathlessly, slamming his fists against a tree. “And worse, we no longer have Thane on the inside.”
I threw my arm over my face, squeezing my eyes shut and refusing to feel guilty. Raven, whoever he was, had wanted this. Yet, Raven hadn’t picked this compound. “I’m sorry,” I muttered. “If I hadn’t chosen this one, we might—”
“They all would’ve reacted that way,” Will muttered, giving me reprieve as he rubbed his injured knuckles. 
“They might not tell,” Kelly said, always the positive one. “Surely Thane will kill the guards, so they won’t—” 
“Oh, they’ll tell,” Will snapped. “Stupid damn sheep following whatever those murderers say, never thinking for themselves.”
Yet, Will was following some faceless man he’d never met. Raven. 
“You don’t know!” I cried out, stumbling to my feet, my anger giving me energy. I wasn’t even sure why I was defending them, but they were my family, my friends. “You don’t have any idea what it’s like there, on the inside!”
Will’s jaw clenched, but he didn’t respond. Instead, he merely turned away and paced across the clearing. He couldn’t reply. He knew I was right. 
“Should we go?” Kelly said. “Get as far away from the compound as possible?” 
“We have time,” Will said, raking his hands through his hair. “If there are any dhampir left they won’t want to leave the compound unguarded.” 
“They’re morons,” Tony growled. “That’s the truth.” He didn’t wait for a response, but started back toward camp, a hike that would take us all day. 
Thane came up the hill, the only one not panting, the only one who didn’t look upset or surprised. Most likely he’d killed the guard. Another dead. I had to remind myself that this man had actually loved someone at one time, someone other than himself. But it was hard to remember when he was covered in blood and he stared at us with such cold detachment. 
Unable to stand any longer, I collapsed onto a fallen log. It was my fault. I’d picked this compound. No matter what Will said, it was my fault. 
And I knew the group blamed me. I saw the anger in Tony’s gaze before he had stomped away. I’d seen the wary glance from Kelly when she thought I wasn’t looking. I rested my face in my hands, completely exhausted, completely depleted. I didn’t know anything. I didn’t understand this life. I sure as hell didn’t understand why Tom hadn’t believed me. 
“We need to go.” Will started after Tony, Kelly following, leaving me alone with Thane. 
Even though I didn’t want to give up on Tom, I knew I had to go. Slowly, I stood, forcing my trembling, weak legs to hold me. The beautiful ones would find out soon enough what we had tried. And although we had failed, they would take it as a sign that we were growing too bold, and no doubt they’d retaliate. I glanced back, but couldn’t see the compound through the trees. 
“It’s fear,” Thane commented, as if sensing my unspoken question. “Most people are content to stay where they are, questioning nothing. It’s easy.” 
As much as I hated to admit it, he was right. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. Even though I wanted to look anywhere but at him, I forced myself to meet his gaze.  
Thane shrugged. “Doesn’t matter. We would have eventually gone to the compound, and to be honest, most of them probably would have reacted the same way.” 
Just as Will had said. In his weird, cold way, I realized Thane was trying to make me feel better. Or maybe he was merely being honest. 
He didn’t wait for me, but started after the others. He could have traveled so much faster than I, but he stayed only a few steps ahead. He’d saved my life upon numerous occasions, but for the first time since meeting him, I could honestly say that I felt actual gratitude toward the blood drinker. 
Of course, knowing Thane, that gratitude wouldn’t remain long. But for now, for the hour or two it would last before he said something to anger me, I’d take comfort in the fact that at least one person was on my side. How very odd that it was a blood drinker. 


Chapter 9


We didn’t speak as we hiked all day. 
Even when we stopped for a midday meal, not one person said a word. We merely settled upon the forest floor and ate our mixture of nuts and fruits in silence, food Will and his band had stolen from wagons headed toward the compounds. Like squirrels, they had caches stashed along trails and throughout the woods. Everything I learned about survival I filed away, much like they stored their food, for the day when I would leave. And I would leave. Tom might not have wanted to go with us, but I wouldn’t give up on my brothers and sisters. I would help them escape, even if I had to force them. 
Although I appreciated the food, I grew wary of the meal. I craved breads, pies, meats. I’d lost at least five pounds of fat since coming here, if not more. But I’d certainly gained muscle. I’d changed so much, I was surprised Tom had even recognized me. Except for my hair. Kelly had offered to cut it short, like hers, but I couldn’t, although most days it was braided down my back and out of the way. All the women had long hair at the compounds. It was my last link to home. 
We’d finished eating, and by some unspoken command had started forward once more. The further away I got from the compound, the more the entire situation seemed unreal, as if it had never happened. A nightmare. I certainly didn’t belong there any longer. In fact, it was pretty clear I never had. But I didn’t exactly feel as if I belonged here with these people either. 
Thane brushed by me toward the rest of the group ahead. He’d been surveying the area as he did every so often to make sure vampires weren’t following. Oddly enough, as I watched him move so confidently toward Will, I realized with some unease that if anything, I had more in common with Thane than anyone else. Neither of us truly belonged. The realization was disconcerting, to say the least. 
“Kelly,” I whispered, moving closer to her. She’d been trailing behind and I knew it was so I wouldn’t be left alone. As much as I appreciated her concern, my obvious exhaustion was a constant reminder that I couldn’t fend for myself. “Can we talk?”
The men had no such worries about me falling behind and were further ahead, eager to get back to the group we’d left behind. I could only hope that Thane was far enough away to not hear.  
She glanced at me curiously. “Yeah?”
“Thane’s love… if they killed her, how could he possibly keep working for them?”
I supposed there was a part of me that didn’t believe the romantic tale in the least. Thane was pining over some long lost love, like one of the stories I’d read? Was he really capable of such emotion? Doubtful. I didn’t even know if I was capable of loving anyone anymore. 
She paused. “Don’t you get it?” 
The others were ahead, moving up a hill. We were almost to camp, and who knew when I’d get her alone for answers again. “He has the most difficult job of any of us. He has to pretend to be working for the very people he hates more than anyone else.”
I found Thane’s broad shoulders as he started up the hill. The sun shone upon him, highlighting his body in an ethereal glow, making his dark hair shimmer. I’d always thought him so unreadable. But maybe he wasn’t. Maybe, just maybe, that coldness wasn’t indifference, but anger, pain, heartbreak, just like any normal human would feel.
“He’s doing all of this for her?”
“Yeah.” She looked as if she expected nothing less. “Of course. Why else?” 
How did I tell her that he didn’t exactly seem capable of love? “He cared for her that much?”
She shrugged. “He is capable of affection, you know.” 
Perhaps, like always, I was being overly cautious. They did know him better than I did. “Forgive me.” I gave her a half-smile, the most I could manage. “But it’s hard to picture the man who rips heads from bodies without a second’s pause as loving and affectionate.”
She laughed, sliding her arm around my shoulders. “I understand, but trust me, he’s one of us.”
Trust. I’d never been good at trusting, and after all that had happened I was even worse now. But what did I know about love? Maybe Thane’s romance wasn’t so unbelievable because he was lacking, but because I was. 
“Come on. I’m tired.” She led me toward the hilltop. “I say we head to the creek and swim before supper.”
“I can’t swim.”
She stumbled, so shocked. “What?” 
“We only had a small, shallow pond and it was for the cows.” I wrinkled my nose, remembering the foul smelling water. “Not something to bathe in.”
She shook her head in dismay. “Sweetie, that is definitely a weakness that can get you killed. Don’t worry, I’ll teach you.” 
After that jump with Thane from the castle and into the moat where I’d practically drowned, the idea of swimming wasn’t all that appealing. “Great,” I muttered. “Can’t wait.”
Kelly laughed and said something, but I wasn’t listening. A tingle of awareness pricked my skin. Something I’d felt before. A warning. I pulled away, frowning, my gaze pinned to the top of the hill. “Will told them no fires, but I swear I smell smoke.”
She grinned. “I’m betting I know who talked them into it.” 
But I didn’t return her smile. Instead, I started racing up the hill. Something was wrong. I surged upward, ignoring the burn of my exhausted muscles. My heart slammed wildly in my chest, screaming at me to hurry. Jimmy and the others had been left behind. Nothing had happened. Surely nothing had happened. They were well and I was overreacting. 
“Will!” I cried out, reaching them. “The smell.” 
“Fires?” Will looked at Thane. I didn’t miss the worry in his gaze. “Cooking?”
You could see the smoke swirling up in wisps through the trees on the next hill, the wicked dance of red flames through the trees. 
“No, not cooking,” Thane replied. “Blood. I smell blood.” 
He didn’t explain more, but bolted forward so fast he was a mere blur. Will took off, followed by Kelly and Tony. I, of course, was the slow person behind them. As I huffed my way up the next hill, I knew something terrible had happened. The fear that pressed down on my chest like a lead weight had me stumbling. 
I heard Kelly’s scream first. A terror-filled cry full of pain and despair. I stumbled, falling to my knees. Must help. I dug my fingers into the dirt and shoved myself up to the top of the hill and toward the camp. The scenery before me had me freezing in horror. They stood there in a half circle, three beautiful ones, Bacchus at the head, amusement in his green eyes. Terror gripped me in its icy claws. 
“Hello, Thanatos.” Bacchus smiled, his hands folded demurely in front of his brilliant blue cloak. “I’d like to say that I’m surprised to see you here amongst this pond scum, but frankly I’m not.” 
Bacchus, the very vampire who had chosen me at my compound, the blood drinker who wanted me dead. For a brief, heart-pounding moment, I thought he had come for me. But no…he didn’t even glance my way. Not a speck of blood marred his clothing, but I couldn’t say the same for the other two. They were covered in red, made all the more noticeable against their white shirts. How had they found us? 
Desperate, I tore my gaze from them and scanned the carnage.  Shredded bodies were strewn about the camp, Sam…Carla, others I didn’t recognize. Limbs tossed to the side like bloody tree branches, so much wreckage that I couldn’t identify the forms. The world around me wavered. I was going to be ill. 
“Your little letter,” Bacchus said, turning his gaze to Will. “That was actually from our camp.”
Will’s face flushed, his hands fisted at his sides, and I could tell he was doing everything possible to keep from surging forward. But I wasn’t concerned about Will. No, it was the bodies that terrified me. They had to still be alive. Surely someone still lived. I saw Carla lying face down, dead, blood splattered across her back, matting her light brown hair. Her arm was torn from her body and lay ten feet from her. Sam’s legs gone, his body still, his eyes open and staring unblinkingly up at the sky. Bile burned a path up my throat.  
“Oh God, Oh God!” Kelly cried out as she clung to Tony, who stood there staring blankly at the ruins, as if he just didn’t understand the scene before him. 
“Letter?” Thane said, his voice calm, neutral. Death and blood were nothing to him. 
“From Raven,” Will whispered. 
“Yes.” Bacchus shrugged, his long dark hair billowing on the breeze. “The so-called Raven. We grow weary of your groups. You’ve become a nuisance, and we’ve decided it’s time to crush your little rebellions and be done with you once and for all.”
“You can try,” Will seethed. “But there are way more of us than there are of you.”
“Much like insects, but insects can be crushed by the hundreds.” Bacchus laughed. “Tell him, Thanatos. Tell him that in the end the more evolved will win. We always do. You see, you might have the numbers, but you don’t have the strength or the brains to overcome us.”
“Perhaps,” Thanatos said, stepping closer, the red glow from the fire burning brightly in his eyes. “But you’ve forgotten, Bacchus, they have me on their side.” 
Thane moved so quickly I didn’t see it coming. He hit Bacchus with a thud that sounded much like tree branches cracking. They spun around, teetering toward us. I shoved Kelly out of harm’s way. Tony and Will surged forward, taking on the two guards. But I didn’t care about their stupid battle. 
Jimmy. Where was Jimmy? I ignored the sound of fists hitting flesh, ignored my own piercing fear, and searched for the boy. But the bodies scattered around the campfire were too big to be him. 
“Jimmy?” I leapt over a torso, the face too bloodied to identify. “Jim?”
My foot hit a patch of blood-soaked leaves and I slid. I reached out, latching onto a branch and regaining my balance. I stood there in the middle of the chaos, while people fought around me. I stood there while people lay dead, not knowing what to do, how to help. 
Where was the boy? Frantic, I searched for Thane. He and Will stood in the middle of the clearing. One of Bacchus’ guards lay on the ground dead. Bacchus and the other guard were gone. 
“Will,” I cried out. “Jimmy!”
Will shoved away from Thane and raced toward me. “Where?”
“I don’t know! I can’t find him!” 
“Split up,” Will said, his breathing harsh in the quiet evening. “See if there are any survivors.” 
I spun around, searching through the trees, looking over the bodies, the blood. Jimmy. Where the hell was he? There, behind a fallen log peeked a small foot. With a cry, I raced forward. I didn’t pause as I leapt over the log and fell to the ground, right were Jimmy lay. His right leg was bent at an odd angle, but it was the blood soaking his shirt that had me choking on my tears.  
“Jimmy?” My voice cracked. I grasped his hand, his fingers slick and sticky with blood. His face was pale, so very pale. Afraid I’d hurt him further, I didn’t dare search for the injury. “Where, Jim? Where’s the worst of it?”
“Jim?” Suddenly Will was there, falling to his knees beside me. 
Thank God, they would know what to do. I jumped to my feet, stumbling back, out of the way. “I can’t find the injury!” 
Thane knelt, his pupils flared, those eyes so odd they were almost frightening. “His chest.” Slowly his gaze traveled down the boy’s body, and I realized he could somehow smell or sense the wound when we couldn’t. “Back of his head.”
“Thane?” Will whispered. 
I heard the unspoken question in Will’s comment. I didn’t know what he asked, but the entire world seemed to stand still as we all waited for his response. Thane lifted his gaze and I saw the look in his eyes…I saw the answer to Will’s question. Jim was dying. Kelly cried out, pressing her face to Tony’s shoulder. 
“No,” I whispered, shaking my head. It couldn’t be…it didn’t make sense. Jimmy was too young, they didn’t even like the blood of the little ones. He wasn’t ripe. 
Thane stood and gripped my arms, pulling me up against him. “Don’t make this worse for him,” he whispered in my ear. “Be strong for Jim.”
I started to surge forward, intending to dress the wounds, do something, but Thane held me tight. All I could do was stand there within Thane’s grasp, watching while the life drained from Jim’s body, his blood soaking into the very dirt that cradled him. 
Will took Jim’s hand. He didn’t cry, but smiled, a soft, gentle smile. “You’re going to be okay.” Jim’s lashes fluttered; he was trying so hard to keep them up. Even Jim knew, deep down. Will brushed the boy’s hair back from his bloody forehead. “Kelly, get a blanket.” 
But Kelly was frozen in grief and it was Tony who raced toward a pack that had been left behind by one of the dead. 
“Will, I heard them talking,” Jimmy muttered through bloodied teeth that chattered together as if he was freezing. He was going into shock, perhaps. I was certainly no doctor, but I had read enough to know some details. 
“Shhh, Jim, it’s okay,” Tony whispered, dropping to the ground and placing a tattered blanket over his small body. “Everything will be okay.”
“No.” He frowned. “They’re going after him. Raven. They’re going to find him and kill him. It’s why they questioned us.” His lashes lowered as if speaking was too much. “They thought we might know where he’s located.”
I wanted to demand he open his eyes, tell him he couldn’t possibly die. 
“The mythical Raven,” Kelly whispered. “This is all because of him?” 
She seemed angry and I didn’t blame her. 
“Turn him,” I whispered, spinning around in Thane’s arms and clutching his shirt. “I read about it in a book. You can turn him into a vampire, he can live forever.”
“No one lives forever,” Thane whispered back. “And turning is a myth. We are born this way.”
What was he saying? It was over? There was no chance for Jimmy? Slowly, I turned to face the truth. The entire world seemed to end in that moment. All good was gone. If this could happen to someone as young and innocent as Jimmy, there was no hope.  
“Will,” Jim whispered. 
Will leaned closer, his hand tightening on Jimmy’s. “I’m here.” 
Tears slid down my cheeks and dropped to the same dirt that held Jim’s blood. It was, in some way, as if I was accepting my own death. I knew, in that moment, that this battle would continue until we were all gone. 
“If you ever find my sister, will you tell her I missed her?” Jimmy whispered. “That I kept looking for her?”
Kelly sank to the ground, utterly destroyed. I knew I too would have fallen to my knees if Thane hadn’t been holding me. Somehow Will managed to retain control when the rest of us were losing it, but I could tell, by the look in his eyes that he felt the pain more than any of us. 
“Yeah, I will,” he said, his voice rough with emotion. “We’ll find her, I promise.”
“Thanks, Will.” He took in a shallow, trembling breath. “I’m tired. I’m going to rest now, okay?”
Will nodded. “Sure, Jim.” 
Kelly bit her lip, but she couldn’t prevent the sob from slipping from her mouth. Tony’s jaw was quivering, his hands fisted, as if trying to hold himself back. And me…I was numb again. The nothingness crept slowly up my body, and I welcomed it. I didn’t want to feel anymore. I couldn’t. I wanted to sink back into that darkness I’d found those first couple weeks of escape. I wanted to never feel again. 
Jimmy’s gaze remained open as he stared at the blue sky just visible through the trees. We stood there around him, keeping watch, protecting him. We stood there and watched as he took his last shallow breath. And for moments after, we continued to stand there watching his still body, as if hoping it was all a mistake. Not one person moved. No one said a word. Even the forest had grown oddly quiet. 
Death was not peaceful and beautiful as I’d read in books. Nor was it dramatic as other novels had portrayed. It was quiet and numbing and blinding. It took all hope and left you with…nothing. 
Slowly, Thane released his hold on me, and knelt beside Jim. With a soft and gentle touch, he brushed his hand over the boy’s eyes, closing them. “Rest, little one.” 
Then Thane stood. I felt his absence keenly, leaving me cold and alone. My knees weak, I sank to the ground, watching as Thane walked away. I watched until he merged into the shadows, disappearing into the forest because it was preferable to staring at Jim’s body. 
“We’ll bury them,” Will whispered, his voice harsh with pent-up emotion. I’d never seen him look so lost, so desolate. It was the same look upon Kelly and Tony’s faces. The same look I knew I wore. “They deserve that at least.”
“We never bury,” Tony said. “We run.”
Will raked his hands through his hair as he stood. “I’m tired of running.”
A shiver of warning whispered through the numbness. I lifted my gaze and found Tony staring hard at me. I knew he blamed me for this. He knew about the note from Raven, but he still thought Will had gone to that compound to impress me. I hoped he was wrong. 
“Hurry, bury them all,” Will said, starting back toward the camp. “We leave as soon as possible.”
“Where are we headed?” Tony demanded, going after him and leaving Kelly there, sitting upon a pile of damp leaves next to me. 
“The sea.” Will paused, his back to us. “It’s time we find Raven and put an end to this once and for all.” 


Chapter 10

We walked for days in search of the mythical Raven, who supposedly knew more about vampires and the rise and fall of our world than anyone. A mythical man who gave orders that everyone followed. For those two days I welcomed the movement. Walking made it easier to deal with the graves we had left behind. Made it easier to forget that Jimmy wasn’t with us. Easier to realize it was only Kelly, Tony, Will, Thane, and me left. We stopped only to sleep, taking turns to keep watch. But we didn’t stop for long. None of us wanted to spend too much time at rest. When we paused, the memories came flooding back. 
“Today is Sunday,” Kelly whispered next to me as we trudged up yet another forested hill. 
She didn’t need to say more. I understood which Sunday she meant. The first Sunday of the month. The day when everything would change for those unlucky few who were chosen. Sunday, a month ago, I’d been picked. 
Sunday. 
Perhaps Tom would be chosen. Maybe my sister. Dead by tomorrow. I shoved the thought aside, closing that door tightly. I couldn’t think about what would happen. I was already close to tumbling back into that dark pit, constantly on the precipice of madness. It would drive me over the edge. 
“We don’t ever say a word,” she continued, plucking a needle from a fir tree as we followed a deer trail. “But we know. We always know.” 
And I had a feeling I would know for the rest of my life. A life that would be a constant struggle. This war against the beautiful ones wasn’t so we could have a better life, it was a battle for life. A fight to survive. Pure and simple. Kill or be eaten.  
The ground sloped gently uphill and we followed the path, weaving our way around bushes with biting thorns, barely noticing when they pierced our jacket sleeves and scratched our arms. A cool breeze raced through the trees, rattling the branches above as the sky in the distance threatened storms. 
The ground had been slick with pine needles, but my footsteps were sure. Funny how my body was getting stronger, yet it seemed as if my mind had only grown weaker since Jim’s death. I wasn’t even sure if I was still human any longer. I certainly didn’t have the emotions I’d had back at the compound. It was like I floated through life, not really feeling anything. 
“How long have you been out here?” I asked Kelly, as I swiped away a cobweb that clung to my face. “On the run?”
She shifted her bag from her back to her shoulder and ducked under a low-hanging branch. “Don’t know. I suppose about three years now.”
I followed her, ducking low. She hadn’t seemed much older than me, but now I wondered about her age. For three years she’d been out here. How many had she seen murdered? Had she ever once thought about helping her family and friends back at her compound, or did she assume they were dead? 
“And Thane?” I glanced at the man who walked ahead with Will and Tony. They only spoke to make plans, walking most of the time in watchful silence. “He saved you?”
She nodded. “Yep. Same as everyone else. I took the bait, I read the books.”
“What about Tony?” The guy had been glaring daggers at me ever since the attack at the camp. “No offense, but I can’t imagine him reading much.” 
We started up yet another hill. The air had changed somehow as we’d been walking. I’d noticed it this morning, although hadn’t been able to put my finger on what exactly it was that had changed. It was cleaner, yet more humid, with a scent that I couldn’t identify. Rain, perhaps? I glanced warily at the dark clouds on the horizon. 
“No, Tony doesn’t like to read,” Kelly said with a quick smile. “But he’s curious, and he would take the books and flip through them. And that’s really what it’s about…who wants to know more? Who isn’t content being told what to do, living in their fenced-in world?” 
Who would take the bait? Although the four of us—Will, Tony, Kelly and Me—were rather different, we all had curiosity in common. 
“Curiosity killed the cat,” Sally used to say. 
How ironic. 
“We’ll stop here,” Will called out. 
The guys had paused in a clearing where the trees gave way to clear space along the edge of what looked to be a cliff. But it wasn’t completely empty. Some sort of building, half decayed, lay in rubbled ruins. 
“What is that?” I asked, taking in the jagged edges where the brick had broken away, gaping spaces that could only be windows, a large rectangular open door… “Looks like a home.”
“It was.” Kelly and I quickened our steps, eager to rest, if even for an hour or two. Blisters stung the heels of my feet and my calves were cramping from exertion. How I looked forward to the day when I was as fit as the rest, and wouldn’t hold them back. They could have covered twice as much if it weren’t for me, or so Tony had muttered in passing yesterday. 
“The blood drinkers burnt down most of the houses left behind by our kind,” she explained, dropping her pack. “But there are a few remains…like this one, which were made of brick and didn’t burn.” 
Kelly moved into the home and began unloading her bedroll, but I was too interested in the unfamiliar scenery around me. I started through the doorway. Weeds grew in abundance and the roof was no longer above. Because of the height it looked as if it might have been two stories. 
“It won’t protect us much, but at least it’s something,” Will said as he set his own bag down and began to unpack. 
I moved through the house and out the back door. Surprised, I suddenly found myself on the edge of the cliff. The closer I got the more the world seemed to tilt off balance; the sheer drop made me dizzy. I jerked my gaze from the swirling grayness below and focused on the horizon. I could barely tell where the blue sky ended and land began. Except…there was no land. I dropped my gaze again, prepared this time for the dizziness. What was that below, shimmering, sparkling under the setting sun? 
“You okay?” Will asked. 
“What is that?” I whispered, pointing to the swirling mist. 
He smiled for the first time since Jimmy had died. “The ocean.” 
Stunned, I refocused on the sparkling water, so blue that I couldn’t tell the difference between land and air. It was so much more than I could have imagined. I stepped closer and looked below, way, way below. The waves crashed against the side of the rock and splashed back, water droplets exploding in the air. The world around me spun. A piece of rock broke, tumbling down…down. My balance suddenly off, I wavered. 
Will gripped my upper arms and pulled me back. “Careful.” 
For a brief moment I rested against his solid form, taking comfort in his presence. For just a short moment I reveled in his strength, the feel of another human pressed to me. And for that brief moment I felt again: felt human, felt alive, felt whole. 
But I didn’t want to feel. I shrugged off his hold, letting the numbness fall around me, taking me under, much like the waves crashing below. I couldn’t feel again, couldn’t let the emotions take over, or I knew without a doubt they would destroy me. 
To cover up my unease, I nodded toward the water. “He’s out there, Raven?”
“See the island?” 
I followed where he pointed. Just through the haze I could make out a cropping of trees on a mound of land. “Yeah.”
“That’s where he supposedly lives.” 
“And how are we getting there?” Dubious, I turned to face him, not realizing how close he stood. We were mere inches away and his warm breath brushing across my lips made me wonder about that kiss. Did he ever think about what had happened? Did he regret it? Maybe it was some newbie initiation. I brushed aside the ridiculous thought. We had more important things to worry about, and my first kiss was no longer meaningful. 
“We’ll figure it out tomorrow.” He turned toward the rest of the group, dismissing me. “Camp?”  
He always asked, although no one ever disagreed with him. I suppose it made it seem more like a democracy if he asked for our opinion. Truth was Will had been born into this reality, he knew more than any of us. And we all trusted him with our lives. 
Thane, on the other hand… 
I glanced at the man who met Will in the doorway of the house, always quiet, always letting Will take the lead. His hood was up, his face hidden as he talked with Will. Was he ashamed of his scar? I couldn’t imagine him caring what anyone thought about his features. Still, wondering about Thane was preferable to wondering who would die next. 
Tony and Kelly had dropped their packs to the ground in the middle of the decaying building, and were going about making shelters. 
“We’ll stay for a couple days,” Will said. “Rest.”
“What about the beautiful ones?” I asked, heading toward the abandoned home. “Shouldn’t we be worried about an attack?”
Kelly shook her head as she unfolded her bedroll. “After a feed they don’t normally go hunting for at least a week.” 
Tony wrapped his arm around Kelly’s waist and drew her close. “They’ll be busy feeding today and then sleeping it off for the next couple days.”
I should have been relieved, instead I could only think of those who would die soon. I glanced at the sun, low in the sky. How many hours did they have left? 
Will pulled his bedroll from his pack. “They’re required to attend the Sunday gathering.”
I moved into the ruins a bit more hesitantly. For some reason I felt like we were invading someone’s privacy. It was hard to believe people had lived here at one time. Had they had children? A mother and father who had actually married and stayed together as a family, like I’d read about in my books? Had they, too, been killed by the beautiful ones? 
I glanced around the large, open room. We could relax, or so Will and Kelly claimed. So why couldn’t I? The others settled down on their beds, but I still stood there in indecision. Perhaps I was uneasy because I’d seen the hatred in Bacchus’ eyes. And because I’d heard what he had said…they were going after us. Not to hunt, but to kill like we were rodents after the grain. 
“You okay?” Kelly asked. 
I nodded, giving her a tight smile. Appeased, they continued to unpack—all but Thane. He merely stood to the side, his pack still on his shoulders, his gaze scanning the trees behind the clearing as if he didn’t trust the situation. 
Will, Kelly, and Tony thought the blood suckers were animals. But I knew better. Animals acted on habit, they fed out of need. Beautiful ones planned and hunted for the thrill. They were smart, too smart and their senses were better than any animal I’d read about. 
“I’ll do a perimeter check,” Thane said, even though no one had asked him to, nor seemed to expect him to be on guard. 
Apparently I wasn’t the only one who was leery of another attack. I watched him go until he merged into shadows, blending into the forest. The others had started making camp, but I couldn’t settle down. Something didn’t feel right. 
“I have to go,” I muttered to Kelly.  
“Sure,” she said, barely paying attention. She probably assumed I needed to relieve myself. In reality, I wanted to talk to Thane. I needed to know if he suspected something, or if I was merely being paranoid, my crazed mind playing tricks on me.  
“Stay close, okay?” Kelly added. 
I nodded as I moved into the woods, following Thane’s path. But he was gone, and when I stopped and listened, I heard no footsteps. If he didn’t want to be seen, he wouldn’t be. But maybe, just maybe, he wanted to be found. I’d read about the sea in my books. But I’d never understood the beauty and power that surrounded the water. I paused near the edge. What would it be like to swim within those waves? Even from this high up, I could see them crash below, so violent, yet stunning. In a weird way they reminded me of the beautiful ones. 
“Careful.” 
I stiffened, startled. This time it wasn’t Will, but Thane who stood behind me. Slowly, I turned. I had wanted to find him, ask him questions, but now that I was alone with Thane I felt only uneasy. “Do you blame me?” I blurted out. “For Jimmy’s death?” 
I hadn’t meant to ask him, but now that I had, there was no regret. He lowered his hood, showing his scar. I didn’t dare take it as a compliment, thinking he felt easy around me. It was more likely that he didn’t give two licks about my opinion of his looks.
“Why would I?”
I crossed my arms over my chest, feeling like an idiot for bringing it up. “Tony thinks Will went to the compound because of me.”
He was quiet for a moment, watching me through those unreadable eyes. He’d left his pack somewhere, his shoulders free of the weight. Finally, he shifted his gaze, focusing on the horizon. “I don’t know about Will, but I had planned to leave anyway, and try to help them escape. Then the letter came.”
“The fake letter?”
He glanced briefly at me, but not long enough for me to read anything. “Even if Will hadn’t obeyed the letter, I would’ve left. If I would have left and you all would have stayed, you would have been killed.”
“You don’t know that. We were attacked in that skyscraper and—”
“By a couple of vampires out for fun. Not by Bacchus. He wasn’t there to quell your little rebellions. He was there to prove a point to me. Don’t ever, ever underestimate the power and cunning of the blood drinker.”  
I nodded, feeling even more uneasy than before. The day Thane had inadvertently picked me at the compound I’d noticed tension between the two. Now I wondered if it was merely male bravado or if their anger was something more…something to do with Thane’s love. I shifted my gaze from Thane to look out at the trees. Dark, shadowed forest that could hide anyone, anything. Who knew what was out there? 
“What’s wrong?” he asked. 
I shrugged, surprised that he would care enough. “It doesn’t feel right.”
He tilted his head slightly, as if trying to understand my meaning, or understand me. It was something I reluctantly liked about Thane…that he didn’t jump to give his opinion, instead he merely listened. “What?”
“I’m worried about another attack. Something doesn’t feel right today.” I flushed, knowing I sounded crazy. “Silly, I know.”
“No, don’t be sorry.” He started along the edge of the cliff, back toward camp. “You should never trust them. Just when you think you’ve got them figured out, they’ll surprise you. But you humans…” He paused, allowing me to catch up. “You humans like to place things in order. You think you can identify beings and objects by assuming they follow a routine.”  
“Don’t we?”
He smiled, a brief flash of a grin that completely took me by surprise—I’d so rarely seen him smile. “Yes, in general humans do. But blood drinkers are not humans.”
I frowned. They weren’t human, they weren’t animal…what were they? “Okay, so we can’t trust them, and they might hunt on Sunday. Have you told the others this?” 
“Will knows. I’ve mentioned more than once that he does a disservice to assume the blood drinkers will or won’t do something based on the past. But I don’t question how he runs his little group.”
So it was true then. Thane was an outsider, just like me. I studied the man who stood there looking out into the trees as if he sensed something too. Studied the way his ice-blue eyes missed nothing, the way that overly long hair was tousled by the breeze, a lock landing against his scar. What was he thinking?  
Was it stupid to trust him? “Can we make it to the island?”
He didn’t even glance at me. “I can.”
I can? What did that mean? Was he planning on leaving us behind? “How?”
He shrugged. “Any way I want.” 
I released a wry laugh. “Can you fly?” 
“No.” He slid me a glance through his dark lashes. “But I can swim.”
I looked at the island, then back at Thane in disbelief. The mound of earth that interrupted the sea was a mere hazy pinpoint on the horizon. “You can swim to that?”
“Sure.”
“Of course.” I shook my head, slightly disgusted with his abilities. That was Thane, reminding me in a not-too-subtle way that he was so very different from me. “Super human.” 
“That’s me,” he said softly, gazing out onto the water. “So super, I’ve saved hundreds, yet can’t save a small boy.”
I realized with a start that I wasn’t the only one who felt guilty about Jim’s death. If Kelly was right Thane had been unable to save his true love, and he had been unable to save Jimmy. Did he actually have a heart? The empathy I felt was so swift and surprising, that I actually started to reach for his hand. Fortunately I came to my senses and pulled back just in time. 
“It’s not your fault, you can’t protect everyone.”
He gave me a half smile. “That’s not what you really think though, do you?”
I flushed, dropping eye contact. I’d blamed him plenty of times for what he’d done, and I’d made it clear I didn’t trust him because of his beautiful blood. Still, I couldn’t help but admit that things had changed between us. Somehow, in some way, we’d bonded. I still didn’t trust him, and I wasn’t even sure I liked him, but we had more in common than I wanted to admit. “I didn’t know you before. I was just…”
A high-pitched howl pierced the air. I’d heard that wolf’s call before, almost a month ago when Will and I had been training. I shivered, crossing my arms over my chest and gazing out into the woods. “The wolves sound close.”
“No. Not wolves”
Startled, I glanced at him. “Then what?”
“Shhh.” He held up his hand, abruptly cutting me off.
For a second I thought he’d reverted back to his rude dismissive self, until I noticed his gaze focused on the trees. My skin prickled. I knew that look in his eyes well. His human side had retreated, and in his gaze was the look of a predator. 
My heart leapt into my throat as I frantically studied the forest. I’d known all along, hadn’t I? We had been stalked, followed. “Animal?” I asked, a part of me still hopeful. 
He started toward the trees. “Head back. Tell Will we’ve been found.” 
I knew I didn’t have time to ask more questions and took off, racing along the cliff edge. Although my calves cramped painfully as I started uphill, I didn’t dare slow. There was a time to be quiet, but this was not it. The moment I spotted the crumbling home I cried out. “Will!” 
He bolted from the brick remains, meeting me in the clearing. “What is it?”
“Thane,” I said breathlessly, coming to a skidding halt. “We’ve been followed.” 
Kelly and Tony bolted to their feet, their daggers out. Always prepared, I realized in that moment I would never again be able to relax. I’d always be anxious, waiting for the next attack.
“How many?” Tony asked. 
“No idea.” 
“Very helpful,” he muttered with a glare. 
“Go to hell,” I snapped back, my anger surging to the forefront. I was tired of his hatred and blame, tired of the accusatory glares he kept sending my way. I’d had enough. Apparently he had too.  
He surged toward me. “We wouldn’t be in this mess if it wasn’t for you!”
“Enough!” Will growled, stepping between us and shoving his palm against Tony’s chest. “You know I got the letter. I would have gone with or without her.”
“Right,” Tony mocked. “Because we always follow orders, never think for ourselves.”
Heated anger surged over my fear. I wasn’t sure why Tony was upset, but it was obvious it wasn’t just because of me. No, his irritation ran deeper. Lucky me, I was merely the outlet for his ire. 
“Tony, come on,” Kelly said, trying to soothe the situation. 
“We have more important things to worry about right now,” I said, annoyed with Tony, but even more annoyed with the way Kelly was trying to placate him. “Like living. Unless any of you can fly, or feel like jumping off the cliff, we’re trapped here.” 
Thane suddenly appeared without making a sound, as if he’d always been there. I could read nothing on his face…no worry, no fear, not even anger, but then he never wore his emotions. “Five.”
“Shit,” Tony snapped, scanning the woods. “Five?”
“What are they doing here?” Kelly asked.  
“Apparently they’re sending out scout groups on Sunday now,” Thane said dryly. 
Why hadn’t Will taken Thane’s warning to heed? 
“Tony, left. Kelly, right.” He turned toward Thane. “Protect Jane!” Before I could protest, Will shoved me toward Thane. “Get her out of here!” 
Wait, what? 
Confused, I glanced around the group for answers, but Tony and Kelly were already heading to their positions and Thane was of no help. “Let’s go.” 
“Go where?” I turned toward Will. “You can’t be serious, I’m not leaving you.” 
“Take her,” Will said, not meeting my gaze, but heading toward his pack and gathering what little, pathetic weapons we carried. He couldn’t seriously mean for Thane to take me away. Thane was the only one standing between the group and certain death. 
“Come on.” Thane took me by the hand, his fingers firm and strong. 
“No!” I screamed, trying to break away from his hold. I wasn’t going to run away like a coward. “I’m not going!”
“You have to,” Will said, his face full of anguish. An emotion that startled and confused me. He acted as if we’d never see each other again. “You don’t understand, you have to live.” 
I broke from Thane’s hold and bolted toward Will. He caught me tight in his grasp. When I pulled back, I found his lips on mine. A quick, hard kiss. Stunned, I was barely aware when he pulled away. 
“Take her,” Will said. 
“We’ll have to jump.”
Will nodded. 
Thane grabbed my arm again. 
“No!” I cried out, terrified by the idea. I didn’t understand what was happening, why they were acting so strangely. Thane ignored me and wrapped a steel arm around my waist. Calmly, as if it was any other day, he pulled me back…back toward the cliff. 
“Will!” I cried out, but he had already disappeared into the trees. 
Suddenly, we wavered on the edge of the cliff. The air tore at my hair, whipping it across my skin. And as I stared at that churning water below, everything came flashing back. The castle, Sally’s death, the first time Thane and I had jumped. 
Just like that first time, he held onto me. And just like that first time he leapt forward, taking me with him. And just like that first time, I knew my life was going to change drastically the moment I hit that water…if I survived. 


Chapter 11


“Jane, Jane wake up.”
Slowly, I blinked my eyes open, my brain trying to make sense of the world around me. But everything was confusing and blurry. An odd gray haze permeated the living quarters, telling me that it wasn’t morning yet, but it wasn’t night either. Although my blanket was thick, there was a bite to the air. Confused, I scanned the dorm room, taking in the many sleeping forms huddled on their cots. It could have been any normal morning...but something felt off. Not quite real. 
“Jane,” someone whispered once more. A feminine voice. A familiar voice. 
I rolled onto my right side, facing the culprit. I couldn’t see her features in the dark, but I knew her tone. “Momma?”
“Shhh, you know you’re not supposed to call me that. At least not here.” She held out her hand. “Come on.”
Trustingly I wrapped my small fingers around hers. She tugged me from the bed, my stocking feet hitting the hard, wooden planks. I was in the children’s dorm. A place I’d been a million times before, yet I couldn’t deny the sensation that it felt wrong, as if I wasn’t supposed to be here. 
“Where we going?” I whispered.
“Quiet.”
She led me toward the door. Even though I didn’t want to go out into the cold, I couldn’t help but feel a thrill of excitement. We weren’t allowed outside at night. As she pushed the door wide, I glanced back, fearful someone would hear us. But no one stirred. Everyone slept with no idea that we were breaking the rules. 
Suddenly, we were racing from the dorm and into the early morning dawn. Her long, dark hair floated back like a veil tickling my face, but I didn’t dare complain for fear she’d change her mind and take me back. She’d never much paid attention to me before, why now? But I kept my mouth shut because I wanted to know what was out here at night, what happened while we slept. The ground hadn’t completely defrosted and it chilled my feet through my thick socks, but I spent so little time with her that I craved her attention. Not that I would tell her. No, we’d been taught since birth to not speak of our affection. 
We didn’t pause until we neared a patch of wild shrubbery by the fence. Being that close to the metal bars made me nervous and excited all at once. 
“Here.” She shoved me under a patch of vines, heedless to the fact that the thorns were scraping my skin. I fell to my knees and cringed. Most of the time she ignored me, but once in a great, great while, like now, she seemed almost desperate to see me. “I found this.” 
I curled my legs under me, the cool mist of night coating my exposed skin. She shoved a book into my hands. I stared at it, confused. “A book, Momma?”
She sat beside me, grinning. When she smiled like that I swore she was the most beautiful person in the compound. “Not just any book…something I’ve never read before. Something I didn’t even know could exist. You know the stories that Albert tells in the evening around the fire?”
I nodded, staring at the book, marveling over the smooth leather. Unable to stop myself, I brought it close and breathed deeply the musty scent. It smelled like everything I loved: the thrill of the unknown, knowledge and excitement. 
“This book,” she tapped the cover, “is like one of Albert’s stories. You’ll hide it for me, won’t you?”
The moon was almost full and shone upon the cover, making the golden lettering glow. Magic. If I got caught with the book, punishment would be swift and severe. “The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe?”
Suddenly she gripped my shoulders, startling me. “Don’t ever give up hope, Jane. You hear me?” She shook me, a quick jerk that snapped my head back. “Don’t ever, ever give up hope that there is more, that there is something better. It’s there.” She released me and looked up at the sky, just barely visible through the vines. “Can you hear it calling? You just have to believe.”
I parted my lips to question her odd comments, but she stood, dove from the vines and raced back toward the adult ward, leaving me there…alone with the novel.  
I clutched the book to my chest. “Mamma?” I whispered, suddenly afraid. The world seemed too big, too dark and too mysterious. Dropping the book, I bolted from the vines and raced toward the children’s ward.  
“Jane,” a deep voice called out to me. 
I didn’t dare look back, but forced my legs to run faster. But no matter how hard I tried, the dorm didn’t get any closer. 
“Jane!” 
Not my mother this time. A man. Reality slapped me in the face in the form of a large, cold wave of salty water. My lashes lifted, the hazy clouds above. Suddenly, I was gasping for air. I tightened my arms around Thane. I hadn’t been with my mom, it had only been a memory…a long, lost memory from childhood. Water surged up over my head again, stinging my eyes and filling my mouth and nose. Just when I’d suck in the pure air, another wave of water would crash around me. I coughed up the bitter taste of salt, desperate to breathe clean, fresh air. My lungs burned, my chest hurt and my lips and mouth were raw from the salt.
“You still with me?” Thane asked, panting as he sliced through the water. 
“How…how much further?” Coughing, I rested the side of my face against Thane’s back, my weak arms clinging to his shoulders as he surged through the waves. In that moment Thane was no monster. He wasn’t a vampire or even a dhampir; he was merely the man I had to rely on, a man who was doing everything in his power to save me. 
“Almost there,” he said. “Keep breathing for me, okay?”
I was too weak to respond, and instead closed my eyes. The feel of his muscles, taunt and strong under my body as he moved through the water reassured me, but that tiny strip of land seemed so very far away. Afraid and exhausted, I squeezed my eyes shut. I’d never felt water so cold. My entire body had grown numb. 
I wasn’t sure how much time went by but suddenly I noticed a difference in Thane’s movements. He wasn’t floating, but almost seemed to be walking. 
Even when Thane peeled my arms away from his neck, leaving me floating alone, I still didn’t open my eyes. My feet hit land that shifted, gritty dirt seeping through my socks. Somehow, at some point, I’d lost consciousness and my shoes. My legs buckled and I fell back into the water. 
Before I hit the surface, Thane grabbed both of my hands and vaguely I was aware of him dragging me onto land. I never would have made it without him. He released his hold and left me laying there, staring up at the blue sky, gasping for fresh air. The water that had been sucked into my lungs surged upward. I rolled to my side and vomited up salt water. 
“You’ll be fine,” Thane said, his booted feet noticeable from the corner of my eye. 
I somehow managed to shove my hands into the rocky shore and sit up. Where the hell were we? A land of trees, rocks and dirt. Utterly depleted, I sank to the ground, laying on my side and facing the ocean. The mainland was a hazy strip of land in the distance, so far away that I’d never be able to see Will or Kelly. Were they dead? Captured? Or had they managed to escape? 
“Come on,” Thane was on his feet, soaking wet, but not shivering like me. And although he’d swum a great distance while pulling me, he seemed only slightly out of breath. “We need to go now, before you get sick.”
He gripped my hand and pulled me to my feet. For a brief moment I leaned into him, his breath warm across my cheek as the water dripped from his hair onto the tip of my nose. I swore even my bones were frozen. There had been a few times when a wave had crashed over us that I was positive we’d drown. But as always, Thane had done what he’d set out to do and we’d somehow survived. At some point our luck would run out…wouldn’t it? 
“We need to find shelter.” He released his hold and started along the shore, leaving me dripping and shivering near the water’s edge. 
Once again, I found myself turning to look at the ocean and toward the mainland. “Please, Will,” I whispered. “Please still be alive.”
“Jane,” Thane snapped. “Let’s go.” 
Cursing, I stumbled after him. Without Will and Kelly, I felt alone, adrift, lost. I had no home of my own, but they had centered me. Now…I had no one but Thane, and I wasn’t even sure if he wanted me. 
My clothing was heavy, and I was cold, so cold I couldn’t feel my limbs anymore. But before I could voice my complaint, Thane disappeared around a bend ahead. Barely tired, although he had pulled me across the sea. What else could the blood drinker do that I didn’t know about? The question left me uneasy. I crossed my arms over my chest, trying to retain what little warmth my body could produce. 
“Found a pier,” Thane called out.  
My lungs hurt and it was hard to walk, but I quickened my steps, only to draw up short when I rounded the bend. A long, wooden platform somehow floated atop the water. At the beginning of the pier, on land, was a small wooden building. The dock and small home made me acutely aware that someone actually lived on this mound of land. I realized in that moment that I hadn’t been quite sure if I believed in their mythical man. Unnerved, I found myself studying the woods, peering at the shadows. Raven. Who was this mystery man who knew more about vampires than anyone? 
“Sh…should we try to find him?” I asked through chattering teeth I couldn’t seem to stop. The icy water had entered my blood stream, had chilled my bones making them feel as brittle as glass. “As soon as possible?” 
“No.” He jumped off the dock and headed toward the small house. “We need to get warm. We can explore the island later.” 
Did the cold affect him as it did a normal human? He didn’t seem chilled even though the wind held a bite to it. Eager to get dry, I started toward him, only to stub my toe on a rock, reminding me I wore no shoes. The cold made the pain worse. Cringing, I hobbled on. “Can we get inside?” 
“I can.” 
Fortunately there was no need for force as the door opened easily under his touch. Either this Raven wasn’t expecting anyone, or he wasn’t here any longer and therefore didn’t care. Around us the island was quiet, eerily so. The few birds chirping and the lap of water against the rocky shore were the only sounds. Had he left? Perhaps we were too late. 
“Come on,” Thane said. “You need to dry before you’re ill.”  
Hesitantly I moved into the small building. It smelled musty, old, as if no one had been inside for some time. I hoped we weren’t on a fool’s errand, trying to find a mystery man who might not even be here. 
Only a trunk and cot furnished the dusty floorboards. Two small windows allowed light into the dreary place. “Looks abandoned.”
Thane shook his head. “No cobwebs tells me someone’s been here recently.” 
A shiver of nervousness whispered down my spine. So, he was still here…somewhere. 
“How did he build all of this?” I reached out and lightly touched the beige curtains covering the windows. I found it odd that he would need curtains when he lived on an island, supposedly alone. “How could he have possibly gotten all this stuff from the mainland to this island?”
“My guess was it was already here. The blood drinkers probably missed the island when they set out to destroy human-made society.”
Thane closed the door, reminding me of the fact that we were the only two in the building, and it seemed even smaller with him so close. I felt Will and Kelly’s absence acutely in that tiny house and wished more than ever that they were there. The realization that Thane and I were completely alone hit me hard. Yeah, I was grateful he had saved me, but I still didn’t trust him. Frankly, I didn’t know him. Why would he save me? What was in it for him?   
“Come here.” Before I could comprehend his command, he stepped forward and without my permission, he gripped my upper arms, pulling me close. 
“Hey!” I snapped, struggling out of his grasp. “What are you doing?” 
“Calm down. You need to get warm.” He jerked my jacket from my arms and tossed the sodden material to the ground. He was so close I could feel the heat radiating from his body. The urge to sink into him overwhelmed me. 
“I can take off my own jacket,” I muttered.  
“Fine.” He stepped back, paused, seemingly confused, as if he wasn’t quite sure how to react. I realized I wasn’t the only one who felt uneasy. And in that moment Thane appeared more human than he ever had before.  
He raked back his hair, his gaze shifting from me, to the door, back to me. “I don’t...humans are complicated.”
“What do you mean?” I asked warily. 
He sighed, annoyed. Good God, was that a blush on his cheeks? “I mean that blood drinkers are direct. They tell you exactly what they want, there is no care for other people’s feelings. But humans….they’re confusing.”
I could argue with that, but decided not to. “What are you saying?”
“I’m saying,” he snapped. “That if I seem gruff or strange, I don’t mean to.”
I stood there for a moment, letting his words sink into my muddled mind. Was Thane actually trying to apologize? Oh, how I wished Kelly was here to witness the rare incident. I doubted she would ever believe me if I retold the story. 
He placed his hands on his slim hips. “Now, clothes off.”
My amusement fled. “What? No!”
“Seriously? You’re going to worry about something as asinine as being naked when your life is at stake?” He spun around and stomped toward the trunk. “You’re freezing, and I promised Will I’d make sure to keep your sorry ass alive until we saw him again.” 
I wondered briefly when they’d had this talk. What else had they planned while I was unaware? But then his words truly hit me: Thane believed we would see Will again. Maybe he’d said it to make me, or himself, feel better, but I’d take it. 
I rolled off my wet socks. “I have nothing to wear.”
He stood from the trunk and tossed me some folded garments.
I caught the clothes, holding them close to my sodden shirt. So, this Raven was always prepared. Did he live in this small home? “I won’t undress with you here.”
“You’re lips are blue. Stop being stupid. Undress.”
I tilted my chin stubbornly high. “When you leave.” 
He started toward me, the look on his face sending me scurrying toward the far corner of the small room. “I’ll do it on my own!” 
Without pause, he pulled his shirt over his head. “Hurry then.”
My throat went tight. Stunned, I merely stood there staring at his naked chest. I hadn’t realized, silly of me, that he would undress as well. I couldn’t help but notice the dips and valleys of muscle that rolled down his stomach. Not an ounce of fat. He was stunning, pure and simple. He was also covered in scars. 
They resembled the scar on his face, which meant someone had taken a knife to his beautiful body. Disconcerted, I set my dry clothes on the cot. With fingers numb from cold, I somehow managed to undo the button on my trousers. While Thane was busy undressing, I rolled the damp trousers from my chilled legs. I could admit to myself he was right; I needed to get warm and fast. I’d been this cold before, once when I’d been caught in the pasture during a storm. So cold that my head pounded and my stomach clenched. 
“Here.” He’d picked up the clothes and held them out. “Dress.”
We worked in silence, keeping to our own sides of the room. Not that I wasn’t completely and utterly aware of him the entire time. I watched from beneath my lashes, too curious not to. But as he reached for the button on the waistband of his trousers, my fascination gave way to embarrassment. 
I’d seen men half-dressed. At camp people were very free, finding no shame as they dressed and washed in front of each other. But it wasn’t something I was used to. And for some reason it was different with Thane. 
Instead of focusing on the fact that he was probably naked, I made quick work of dressing. He was right, the cold could kill me. There was no time for embarrassment. The shirt and trousers might have been large on me, but they were dry and warm and that was all that mattered. 
Hugging myself tightly, attempting to warm my chilled skin, I turned to face him. Thane’s back was to me and I could study the scars without him noticing. His body was long and lean, muscled, but it wasn’t perfect after all. Horrified and saddened, I could merely stand there and stare. I counted at least ten cuts on his arms, back and chest before his shirt fell into place. 
“What happened?” I whispered before I thought better of it. 
He glanced over his shoulder, wariness in his ice-blue gaze. “What?”
I flushed, realizing how rude it was of me to bring up his marks, but I couldn’t take it back now. “The scars.”
He shrugged and looked away, as if they weren’t in the least bit important. “In my early years I didn’t quite conform to the rules the beautiful ones enforced.”
So, they’d punished him with a knife to the face for merely being born, and later in life again for not thinking the way they wanted him to. Was it any wonder he was cold and distant? I would be as well if I’d gone through what he had. I bit my lower lip, feeling myself soften toward him and not liking it in the least. 
“Lay down on the cot,” he demanded, as he finished dressing in nondescript gray clothing similar to mine. “We need to get warm.” 
“We?” I walked to the cot, grimacing as my body protested the movement. It wasn’t just a lack of sleep that was getting to me; I’d been pushing myself too hard the last couple weeks. I lay on my side on the cot and tucked my cold hands under my head, watching Thane. 
I assumed the blanket he held was for me. But when Thane lowered to the cot, lying beside me on the small bed, I stiffened, my heart leaping into my throat. Completely unconcerned, he wrapped his arm around my waist and jerked me up against his muscled form. 
“What are you doing?” I asked, the words a breathless whisper. His warm scent swirled around me, curling and tiptoeing over my body until I was sure I’d never be rid of it.   
“Don’t throw one of your fits.” He reached for the blanket. “The best way to get warm is body heat.” 
I didn’t dare move as he pulled the blanket over us. Barely breathed as he tucked his arm under his head and closed his eyes. As the moments ticked by and as I slowly got over the shock of feeling his body molded to mine, I realized how very warm he was. I slid my chilled toes toward his feet. He didn’t even flinch when we touched. I glanced up at him. With his face relaxed, his lips slightly parted, he looked almost… human. 
Emboldened, I shifted closer, sinking into his warm body, hoping he slept and wondering how much I should push my courage. When he swallowed hard, this throat working, I realized he wasn’t sleeping after all. But I was too cold and he was too warm for me to care…much.  
I closed my eyes, reveling in his heat. “Do you think the others escaped?”  
“I don’t know.”
A chill raced through me and I shivered, whether from the cold or my emotions, I wasn’t sure. “Oh,” I whispered. The image of Will and Kelly dying flashed to mind. I squeezed my eyes shut, refusing to dwell on it. They made it, I was sure of it. 
Thane’s firm fingers suddenly gripped my wrists. Startled, I opened my eyes, but he wasn’t paying attention to me. Instead, he pulled my hands forward and slid them under his shirt, pressing them against his chest and holding them there. While I…I could merely lay there, stunned, staring at him. 
He apparently understood my confusion, for he shrugged. “Your hands are freezing.” 
I could feel his heart-beat, slow and steady against my palm, all too human for my liking. “And the cold doesn’t bother you?”
“Not nearly as much as it does you.” 
He wasn’t completely human and he wasn’t like me, Will, or Kelly. I would not mistake his kindness for compassion. He merely wanted me alive…for some reason. “And does Raven know we’re coming?”
“I doubt he has any idea,” he replied, his warm breath stirring the hair around my forehead. “But he probably knows by now.” 
Surprised, I pulled my hands away, preparing to jump from the cot, but Thane’s arm held me tight. “Don’t worry,” he said softly, his eyes still closed. “I’ll keep watch.” 
He didn’t seem like he was keeping watch. I tried to relax, but it was impossible. Did Raven know? Was he watching us even now? And why did Thane not seem concerned? 
“Tell me about the beautiful ones,” I asked, desperate to dwell on something other than my own troublesome thoughts. 
“Almost two-hundred years ago, humans ruled this world.” His arm slid around my waist, his palm flat to my back, so very warm. “Vampires lived in the shadows, worried that they would be caught, fearing they’d be destroyed. But then, while the humans were fighting each other, a blood drinker decided to act. He took control, told the other blood drinkers that they shouldn’t have to hide. He started a revolution.” 
The world around me was fading, his voice a soft song that lulled me toward slumber. “Are they human?” I murmured. I wasn’t quite sure why he was telling me this story, but I didn’t want him to stop. I liked the sound of his voice; it made me feel safe, secure. 
“There are some who believe that vampires and humans shared a common ancestor thousands of years ago. They say it was a combination of mutant genes and environment that changed us.” 
“Their names. They’re Greek or Roman, right?”
He released a soft laugh. “Yes. Arrogant, to say the least. They only use the names of gods, of course.” 
I snuggled closer, pressing the side of my face to his shoulder. “And your name?”
“A minor god of death.” 
“Death.” Half his words made no sense, but I liked hearing him talk, the rumble of his chest as he spoke fascinated me. “And do you think humans will ever regain control?”
He shrugged. “Maybe, with the right training, and if you can get the dhampir on your side.” 
Hadn’t Will said the dhampir wouldn’t work with us? Confused, I tried to remember, but it was so hard to think when Thane was slowly moving his hand up and down my spine, stroking my back. The small building grew quiet. The only sound was the lap of water against the dock outside. 
I couldn’t sleep, wouldn’t. He was finally answering my questions. Yet, I was tired, so very tired. “And blood…”
“Blood nourishes the body. It is the life force that keeps us all going, even humans.” I wasn’t sure, but thought I felt his hand brush against my hair. Everything had grown blessedly numb and heavy. “But for vampires it’s even more important.”
I took in a deep breath, soaking in his sweet, musky scent. Decades from now, if I still lived, I swore I would be able to recognize that scent blindfolded. “Can they eat other things?”
“They can. But it doesn’t keep them alive. They need blood to live.” 
“So…take away the blood and you take away their survival.”
“I suppose.” He shifted his leg so that it rested over mine. I didn’t dare protest, he was too warm. “But it’s impossible to take away blood. You can’t stop it from flowing through your veins. No living being can. And as you’ll always have blood in your body, you’ll always be their source of food.”
I forced my lashes to lift, meeting his gaze. “And you?”
His eyes were open, alert. “I can survive on regular food, but it makes me weak. Blood gives me strength.”  
He wasn’t weak now, far from it. So where was he getting his blood? I licked my suddenly dry lips. Although exhaustion pulled down on me, begging me to rest, I couldn’t close my eyes. He might have saved me, but I couldn’t trust Thane. I wouldn’t. I had to stay alert…somehow.  
“Sleep,” he said softly. “I’ll guard you.”
Guard me from whom, I wanted to ask? The only threat nearby was him. “That’s not really fair, is it? You need rest too.”
The cabin had grown dark, the sun had set. But I could just see his lips quirk and knew he smiled. I wanted him to say more, but I was so very tired. “I don’t need as much sleep as you.”
“Yes, but…” 
He lowered his head so that his lips were a mere breath away, his glowing gaze focused on my eyes, and I was falling…falling within their depths. “Sleep, Jane. Sleep.” 
“Yes.” The heaviness grew, pressing down on me. My lashes fluttered, my eyes closing. I couldn’t last any longer. I knew in the deep recesses of my mind that I was going to fall asleep and I couldn’t stop myself. “Okay.” 
With Thane’s lips so close to mine that I could feel his warm breath, I allowed my body to sink into temptation, giving into the darkness I so craved. 

****

His lips were warm on mine. Soft, gentle. 
I didn’t need to open my eyes to know it was Thane. I could smell him all around me. That scent of spring, earth, man, life. As he cupped the sides of my face, I realized this was how a kiss should have felt. This is what I’d read about, what I’d always wanted. This is what had been lacking in Will’s embrace.  
“I dreamt of you,” he whispered near my ear. “For months now I’ve dreamt of you. I didn’t want to, but you invaded my dreams.”
Somehow, I managed to open my eyes. The morning was gray, dim, but his eyes glowed eerily in the low light. Funny enough, I wasn’t afraid or leery as I usually was with Thane. All I knew was that it felt so incredibly right for his arms to be wrapped around me, holding me close. So right to feel the steady beat of his heart against mine. 
“I don’t know you,” I murmured, my mind muddled, confused. “You don’t know me. Why would you dream about me?”
“I know you,” he whispered against my lips. “I know you so very well, Jane.” 
Perhaps he did. It should have made me uneasy, it didn’t. His lips pressed harder against mine and a shiver of awareness raced over my body. In that moment I swore I knew him too. 
I felt again, and it was so welcome, so needed that I wanted to sing out with joy. His lips pressed to mine once more, this time the kiss was harder. A kiss I’d never experienced before…demanding and passionate. The sort of kiss I’d read about in my books.   
Touching Tom had never felt normal. Even with Will something had been missing…but this…this was so very right. His hand cupped the back of my head as he deepened the kiss. With a groan, I wrapped my arms around him, sliding my hands up his back. 
“You make me feel again,” he whispered as his lips found mine once more. 
His words sent a thrill of excitement through my body. I slid my hands into his hair, the cool strands curling around my fingers. I held him close to me, needing to touch him. It was then that I felt the sharp sting across my lips. A sting that jerked me from slumber. I awoke with a start, my sudden consciousness jarring. Hovering between fear and need, I stared at the dusty beams above. Good God, just a dream. Tell that to my heart. I pressed my hand to my chest, feeling the rapid beat. 
Slowly, I turned my head to study the cabin. Thane was nowhere, the place empty, the door open. But he had been here, I could still smell him. 
A dream. 
It was merely a dream. So why then did my lips tingle? Why did my body thrum with some odd need I didn’t understand? And why did I taste blood? I touched my lip, pulling my finger back. Not much, but the tiniest bit of red marked my hand. 
“No,” I whispered. 
My heart hammered madly as I stared at my fingers. 
No. He hadn’t kissed me, he wasn’t even here. 
Slowly, I swung my legs from the cot and settled my feet on the ground. I must have bit my own lip while dreaming. I rested my head in my hands, trying to make sense of everything. My brain felt fuzzy, my own skin tight. I needed air. Clean, clear air. 
It was as I started to stand that I noticed the boots sitting neatly, side by side, next to the bed. Thane had found me new shoes. Even while I slept his thoughts were on me: protecting me, making sure I had all that I needed. But I knew better than to think he cared. Perhaps he did it merely because he had promised Will. I slid my feet into the boots. They were a tad big, but they were dry. 
I sighed, raking my knotted hair from my face. How I wished I could remember something of last night. Anything at all. But I had slept deeply, too deeply. Embarrassment fought with resignation. I stood and moved to the door determined to find Thane, face him, and get it over with. 
“Just a dream, Jane,” I whispered, reminding myself. 
Steeling my resolve, I stepped into the cool morning air. I shivered, but was unsure if it was because of the breeze or Thane sitting at the end of the dock. For a brief moment I merely stood there, taking in the picture he made and I couldn’t stop thinking about that kiss. His sleeves were rolled up, showing sinewy forearms roped with muscle and scars. The early morning fog rolled across the shore, making him appear even more mysterious than he already was. Slowly, I moved down the dock, the wooden boards creaking underfoot. Although he didn’t look my way, I had no doubt he knew I was there. Thane always knew. 
“How long did I sleep?”
“All night.” He glanced out at the water. “I’d say it’s six in the morning.”  
I paused about five feet away, feeling oddly unsure around him thanks to my unsettling dream. “Thanks. You know…for warming me.” I blushed, realizing how stupid I sounded. “And the boots,” I added quickly. “Thanks for the boots.” 
He held out his hand, an apple on his palm. “I found some food.”
My stomach grumbled and I had to resist the urge to snatch it from his palm and devour it in one bite. Although I’d been living in the wilds, I still managed to retain some manners. “Thanks. I’m starving.” I took the apple. A meager meal, but I wasn’t going to complain. “Where’d you find it?” 
I bit into the fruit, my teeth sinking into the flesh. Slightly wrinkled and soft, but it was something and I’d take it gratefully.  
“Near his cottage.”
I stiffened, surprised. “What? You went to his house?”
“I scouted the area.” 
I took another bite, chewing slowly. So, we were at the right place. I admit, I’d had my doubts, and had wondered plenty of times if Raven was someone made up in their minds, desperate for hope. “Was he there?”
“No.”
I lowered to sit next to him, crossing my legs underneath me. “Did we come here for nothing?”
He was busy cutting an apple. “No. He’s on the island, just wasn’t at home.”
I glanced back, taking in the shadows. If not at home, where was he? I bit into my apple, eating as much of the fruit as I could, my body needing nourishment. I knew Thane had a plan, but he didn’t seem intent on sharing. Not surprising, the guy didn’t open easily. 
“Are you going to eat?” I asked, swiping the juice from my mouth. 
“Already did.” 
Slowly, I lowered my apple, my hunger disappearing as quickly as it had come. He’d fed…on what, exactly? 
“What is it?” he asked, not lifting his head to meet my gaze, but continuing to slice the apple into pieces. He’d felt my interest. How much could he sense? “What’s wrong?” 
How did he know, I wondered, when I was uneasy about something without even looking at me? “Do you…feed off blood?”
“Not this morning, if that’s what you’re worried about.” He set the slices down next to me, another offering. Then he picked up an apple from his meager pile and leaned over, dipping it into the water to clean it. “As I said, I can feed off blood or food.”
But that wasn’t the real answer I was looking for. I tossed my apple core toward the shore. “Which do you crave more?”
He paused for one telling moment, his gaze on the water splashing softly against the dock. “Blood.”
My body went cold. “Oh.”
We didn’t speak, I merely watched as he washed the last apple, then placed all three into a satchel he had found, or stolen. “We should take as much as we can.” 
He stood and so I stood as well, without realizing how close we would be. Our gazes met and held. For one brief moment I thought maybe he would actually kiss me as he had in my dream. He lifted his hand, his thumb brushing across my lower lip. Shocked, I froze as a shiver raced over my skin.  
“You cut your lip.”
I didn’t respond. I couldn’t. 
Just a dream. Just a dream. 
He lowered his hand and moved around me. “We should take our clothing. It’s not completely dry, but as you know, they’re hard to find.”
On unsteady legs I followed him back toward the small boathouse. How did he do it? How did he make me feel so unsteady, so unlike myself? I shoved aside my confusing feelings. The kiss had been a dream. Thane wasn’t loving and romantic, he was a ruthless killer. “If you drink blood, how are you different from the beautiful ones?”
It was a bold question, but as always he didn’t seem offended. He stepped back into the boat house. “We can survive on regular food, which the beautiful ones can’t. You can see why they are bitter toward us. The fact that they can only live on blood is actually a weakness.”
He tossed me my jacket and I stuffed it into the bag he had placed on the floor. We worked in silence for those few moments, but the entire time my mind was spinning. 
“So, they can starve to death?”
“Yes, although it can take months.” 
Thinking about Thane and his beautiful blood made me think about the other chosen ones. As much as I wanted to forget, I couldn’t stop yesterday’s events from racing through my mind. Will, Kelly…they could be dead. I should have stayed and fought with them, but I hadn’t had a choice. Will had forced me to go. 
“Why?” I finally asked. “Why me?”
Thane glanced warily my way. “What do you mean?” 
I lifted the satchel. “There’s something that’s bothered me since we jumped. Will said to protect me. Like I’m important for some reason. Why?”
He took the bag from my hands. “Perhaps he’s in love with you.” 
I flushed. If only it was that easy. “Tell me the truth.” 
He sighed, looking frustrated and annoyed. “I don’t think you realize how smart you are, Jane.”
I released a harsh laugh and started for the door. “The books? This is all about the books?”
“Yes, it is.” He gripped my wrist, forcing me to stop. “You read for over a year. While you read almost a hundred books, most people read only a few. And while most people tossed them aside when they were finished, you reread them, no doubt memorizing every line, every word.” 
I felt uneasy, unsure if he was complimenting me or not. “So what?”
“I heard you talking to your friend Tom and I realized just how much you knew. Hell, you know more than most of the people out here in the real world.” 
The realization that he had listened to our private conversations horrified me and brought to life everything I had worried about. Frantic, I searched through my mind, trying to remember what I had said in those private moments. “You spied on me?”
He shrugged, completely unconcerned. “I needed to know who I could trust.” 
I wanted to be angry at him, but part of me realized how right he was. It was so hard to know who was enemy and who was a friend out here. “And what else did you hear?”
He slid me a look. “Nothing. You people aren’t very exciting.”
I frowned, unsure if I should be offended or not. “And so from those few conversations, you deduced that I’m a genius?”
He laughed, the corners of his eyes crinkling into half-moons. “Listen to yourself. Deduced?”
I frowned. “What?”
“You do not speak or act like most people, Jane. Just face it.” 
I could feel the heat race to my cheeks. I’d been told many times over the years that I didn’t belong. Why can’t you just act like everyone else, Tom had asked me one day. Why can’t you be content? I’d tried, but I hadn’t known why I felt so restless. I still didn’t know why I wanted more while others were content with what they had. 
He reached into his bag. “Here.” From his fingers dangled Tom’s rose necklace. 
Stunned, I merely looked at it for a few moments, unsure how to feel. I realized it was a peace offering of some sort, but I wasn’t sure I wanted it. “How?”
“When I returned to the castle I found the necklace.” He shrugged. “Do you want it?”
Did I? Tom hadn’t trusted me. We were no longer friends. He could be dead now. But the Tom who had given me the rose had been good, had been my friend. I studied the waves breaking against the shore. Part of me wanted to grab it and toss it into the ocean. I couldn’t. 
Instead, I took the necklace, pulling it over my head and letting the rose drop between my breasts as it had those many, many days ago. “Thanks.”
He shrugged and stepped outside onto the dock as if his act meant nothing. Why had he picked it up? More importantly, why had he saved it? 
The sun was just beginning to rise, the ocean outside a mirror of red and pink. “Think nothing of it. I was merely getting rid of any evidence.”
Maybe. Or maybe he actually cared. There was so much to this man I didn’t understand, and I wondered if I ever would. 
He jumped off the dock onto the rocky shore. “Let’s go.”
I jumped down, scrambling after him. “Thane?”
He didn’t respond, but I knew he heard me. 
“I know there’s something you aren’t telling me and until you admit the truth, I can’t trust you.” 
“Good,” he muttered, finding a trail and moving into the woods. “You shouldn’t.”  


Chapter 12


“Good. You shouldn’t.” 
What had he meant by that? 
The question rolled through my mind over and over as we hiked along the shoreline, in and out of the woods. We didn’t speak as we walked, and it gave me plenty of time to think about Thane’s odd response. 
For three hours we hiked, following the perimeter of the island, and still we hadn’t made it back to the dock, which made me realize the island was larger than what I’d expected, and how many places this Raven could be hiding. Every snap of a branch, every slight shift of a shadow had my heart jumping into my throat. Where was this supposed leader? 
I wasn’t sure why we continued, or when we would stop, but I assumed Thane knew what he was doing and so I didn’t question his plan. Still, the large boots rubbed against my heels, and the raw skin stung. Blisters were dangerous, or so Will had told me. They could get infected, they made it hard to hike, and more importantly…to run. But the fact that we had to wear clothes we’d stolen or found made it difficult to find perfect sizes, and I’d had to learn to adjust. 
“We’ll find smaller boots soon,” Thane said. 
I resisted the urge to curse. How did he always know? “I’m fine.”
“You’re not. You’re walking funny.” 
I frowned, unsure how he knew considering he hadn’t once looked back. “Do you have eyes on the back of your head? Is that a blood drinker trait?” 
“No. I can hear the way you step.” 
Of course…superb hearing. I stared at his back, watching the way his hair gleamed and glistened under the sunlight that managed to pierce the branches above, and wondered for what seemed like the millionth time what else he could do that I couldn’t. There was no doubt about it, Thane could see better, hear better, and somehow sense things much better than I’d ever be able to thanks to his beautiful blood. 
Taking in a deep breath, I forced my attention away from his broad shoulders and looked back at the shadows. I’d been out here a month, but it felt like years. I realized now that Will had been right to push me so hard at the skyscraper those first two weeks. In this world you had to grow up fast, accept what it was and move on…always move. Never stop. Never rest.  
We followed the coastline, climbing over rocks and more rocks until my mind grew almost numb to the effort. The water was rough, slamming against the shore as if angry with the land. Rain was coming and the very wind that tore at my hair had somehow made the waves larger. How very interesting that everything in the world seemed to affect something else…it was all connected.  
Even if Will and the others had survived, they would never be able to swim through such a fierce ocean. I glanced toward the horizon, but we were on the other side of the island and the mainland was nowhere. Water. Lots and lots of water. It made me nervous to realize I was trapped on this small piece of land. Not just trapped, but trapped with Thane, with no supplies, little food, and Raven somewhere lurking out there in the shadows.  
“What were the howls?” I asked, trying to keep my mind off more unpleasant subjects. 
“What howls?”
I sighed. Was he intentionally being evasive? “On the mainland, right before we jumped I heard the howls. You said they weren’t wolves. What were they?”
He didn’t respond, just continued his trek through the woods. 
“I heard them before, you know.”
“They’re dhampir.”
I frowned, confused. “What do you mean?”
He lifted a branch and we ducked under. “Do you remember when I told you only female vampires can give birth?”
I hesitated, wondering where he was going with this. “Yes.” 
“It wasn’t entirely true. There have been a few female vampires who have survived a human female birth. But they aren’t quite normal.”
I laughed as we scrambled over a pile of rocks. “Are any of us normal?”
He shrugged. “They’re more animalistic. Wild. They don’t think, they prey on anything they can get.”
I shivered, suddenly thankful that I was on this island and not on the mainland. “Do they look like you?”
“No. Slightly more terrifying.” 
My stomach grumbled, momentarily distracting me. The apple had done little to stave off my appetite. I could ignore the blister, but I couldn’t ignore my hunger much longer. It had been almost two days since I’d had a real meal and my body was growing weak. “I need food, Thane.”
“I know.” He paused, sighing. “There are rabbits and deer, but we can’t have a fire yet.”
Eating raw meat wasn’t a possibility, at least not for me. I’d have to wait. He reached into his satchel and pulled out another wrinkled apple, handing it to me. 
Grateful, I took the fruit and we started forward once more. “Why not find the Raven? Head inland and announce ourselves?” 
He didn’t reply but continued to walk. Frowning, I bit into the apple. What was his plan? He knew where the man’s cottage was located. We had to eventually contact him. What was Thane waiting for? Obviously there was something he wasn’t telling me.
“Soon,” he said as we started toward a patch of fir trees. 
Waiting could only mean one thing…he didn’t trust this Raven. I lunged forward and latched onto his arm before he got too far away. “Thane, what are we doing?”  
He looked back at me. “Hunting.”
Warily, I released my hold. “Hunting what?”
“Not what, but who.” 
A shiver of unease raised the fine hairs on the back of my neck. “Raven.”
He nodded. 
My appetite gone, the apple fell from my hand and bounced into the underbrush. I searched the dark woods, looking for indication of the elusive man. The branches wavered under the breeze, shadows shifting eerily across the deer trails. Where was he? 
Frustrated, I raked my hands through my hair. “We don’t even know if anyone is on the island.”
“He’s here. I can sense him.” 
Startled, I looked up at Thane. Was he serious?  
“Trail,” he said softly, stepping onto the dirt path that wove up into the dark forest. 
I followed him, heading uphill, attempting to decipher person from shadows. Only a few birds chirped in the trees above, but for the most part the forest was quiet. Too quiet. “If you know he’s here why don’t we go to him?”
He paused and turned to face me, so suddenly that I had to draw up short, yet still found myself only a breath away. “Because I can’t be sure he’s the man we’re looking for, and I can’t be sure I can trust him.” 
Exactly what I’d thought but it certainly surprised me that Thane was admitting as much. He spun back around and found the trail once more. The wind picked up, rattling the branches above and sending a few new leaves fluttering to the ground. Rain would be next. We needed to find shelter. I dropped my gaze from the canopy of trees above to Thane’s broad shoulders. Although I hadn’t a clue where we were going, and although he said I shouldn’t trust him, I couldn’t deny that I felt safe with Thane. I’d known him over a month now, and yeah, I trusted him. Yet I still didn’t feel like I truly knew him. 
“I guess I should say thanks.”
He didn’t respond, merely walking the winding path, surging through weeds that grew alongside, as if nothing could hold him back. I tried to follow, attempting to dodge the thorny vines, but they clung to my clothing, piercing the material and scratching my arms like vicious claws. 
“For, you know, forcing me to jump,” I added. “I don’t think I would have.” 
He paused, so I paused. “Because of Will?”
I wasn’t sure exactly why he was asking. Did he actually care? The dream of Thane kissing me rushed back to mind. Unwillingly I touched my lips, grateful his back was to me. Just a dream, I had to remind myself when a heated blush raced to my cheeks. I shoved the memory aside. We had more important things to worry about. “Because of Will. Because of Kelly and Tony. All of them. I felt guilty. I still feel guilty, and I don’t understand…why me? They could have died, but you and Will decided to save me only. Why? Because I’m weak?” 
He turned to face me. “Maybe because Will’s in love with you.”
“That wasn’t funny the first time you said it.” That blush returned full-force. Was he mocking me? He didn’t look like it, he didn’t really have any sort of emotion on his face, as if he was merely stating the facts. “Besides, Will cares about everyone.”
He released a wry laugh. “Right.” 
Did Will like me? We had kissed, but I’d been getting ready to jump off a cliff, and let’s face it, he probably thought I wouldn’t survive. I certainly hadn’t thought I would. 
“I assume because you were in your little compound, shut off from the world, you don’t quite get how relationships work.” He started up the trail again, leaving me to scramble after him. He seemed annoyed and I wondered why. “You go about your life, believing everything the vampires tell you. And why? Because they are beautiful, because they dress in fine clothing and bring you gifts. Of course they couldn’t be lying. Of course they have only your best interests at heart.”
“Not me.” I glared at his back as I clambered after him, wondering why he was trying to rile me up. “You know I didn’t trust them, so don’t lump me in with everyone back at the compounds.”
I swear I thought I heard him laugh. My fingers curled as I resisted the urge to grab a nearby branch and hurl it at his head. Then again, his skull was so thick it probably wouldn’t do much damage. How had this gone from me thanking him, to Thane mocking me? 
“And you’re so experienced with love?” I snapped. 
I realized my mistake almost immediately. 
He spun around to face me. I froze. The hardness in his gaze would have sent me stumbling back a month ago. “I have known love unlike you can ever imagine. While you’ve been stuck in your little world blind to what is really out there…”
He paused, as if attempting to hold himself back, trying to regain control. Harsh. But he was right. What did I know of love? Really? I thought I had loved Tom and I did, but not the way he had wanted. And I wasn’t even sure if he had loved me. Tom was gone now. I’d most likely never see him again. 
“Did you think you loved that red-haired boy in your compound?” He laughed, a hard, brittle sound. “You didn’t love him. He didn’t really love you. He was bored and you were the most interesting person there.”
It wasn’t the first time it felt as if he’d read my mind and I didn’t like it one bit, even if he was right. “You don’t know anything.”
He smirked. “Can you tell me you loved him?”
I flushed. “No. I didn’t. But I never said I did.”
He wouldn’t relent. “And do you honestly think he loved you?”
I shrugged, uncomfortable. I thought he had. But if he had loved me, why hadn’t he trusted me? “How would I know?”
Thane shook his head, as if disgusted. “Well let me enlighten you. When you’re in love you don’t replace the person within a month’s time. You don’t ignore their warnings. You trust them completely.”
Deflated, my shoulders slumped. “Okay, he wasn’t in love with me. And no, I wasn’t in love with him.” I gave him a tight smile. “I suppose I don’t know real love. Are you happy now?” 
He didn’t respond, just turned and followed the trail again. Frowning, I went after him. The guy didn’t seem to like what I said no matter how I replied. What, exactly, did he want from me? 
“Watch the thorns. Your blood will draw attention if there are any beautiful ones nearby.”
Gripping my forearms, I frowned. He couldn’t have possibly seen the marks through my long-sleeves, which meant he smelled the scratches. The tiny lines I’d gotten while hiking this morning, miniscule drops of blood… I shivered, uncomfortable with the thought. 
“Will the beautiful ones who attacked on the mainland come after us?” I asked, hoping to change the subject to something we could agree upon…a common enemy. 
“Doubtful.”
I glanced back, but the water was barely visible through the forest. We’d moved further inland than I’d thought. I switched my gaze to the tree tops. The thick clouds had covered the sun, making the woods dark and mysterious. My stomach grumbled. I pressed my hands to my belly, forcing myself not to think of food. “How can you know for sure they won’t follow?”
“I lied.”
I shook my head, confused. “Lied about what?”  
“The beautiful ones hadn’t arrived. They were in no danger.” 
Shocked, I froze. He continued walking as if the words he’d just said were no big deal. I raced after him. “Why? Why would you do that?”
“They were in the area, but far back enough for them to escape.” He lifted a branch and ducked under. “I needed to get you away from the group.”
Annoyed and frustrated, I shoved the branch aside just as it was coming back down to whack me in the face. “Again, why?”
“Because someone in the group is a traitor.”
I quickened my steps, all the while shaking my head. “No. They can’t…”
My steps slowed. Could they? 
He shrugged. “All I know is that somehow Bacchus knew where we were located, and when we would be gone.” 
Where the trail split I paused, the realization washing over me. Jimmy had died because of a traitor. Someone who had known the boy, had given up our location, realizing the others would be murdered. Knees suddenly weak, I sank back against a tree. 
“Why didn’t you tell Will?” I whispered. 
He stopped and sighed, but didn’t respond. Although there was no expression upon his perfect face, I knew the truth. I thought, maybe, just maybe, I was actually starting to understand Thane.  
“Because you don’t trust Will.”
The realization shocked me. How could he not trust Will? He didn’t respond, but I didn’t expect him to. Will was the only one I believed had my best interest at heart. “I thought you were friends.”
“This isn’t one of your little books, Jane. No one is friends here.” 
He was utterly serious. Did Will and Kelly feel the same way? Were we mere acquaintances, using each other for survival? “I can’t live that way.” I shook my head, feeling suddenly lost and desperate. “I can’t live in a world where you can’t trust anyone.”
“Then good luck,” he said and started left. The man had absolutely no compassion or empathy for anyone. And that was where he differed from Will. I surged after him, my anger propelling me forward. He might not understand the idea of friendship, but then he also might be more monster than human. 
“You don’t understand…” 
He held up his hand, indicating for me to be quiet. I parted my lips, intending to tell him exactly what I thought about him when he stepped in front of me. It was instantly apparent what he was doing…becoming a protective shield, the same thing Will had done more than once. And once again I was struck by the fact that they seemed to take extra care with me. It didn’t make sense. I knew deep down this had nothing to do with Will’s feelings for me. And it sure as heck didn’t have anything to do with Thane caring about whether I lived or died. His indifference was proof enough. So why? 
“Beautiful ones?” I whispered. 
He shook his head. 
I might not have trusted him, but I trusted his instincts. I pressed my hand against my thigh where the dagger rested in its sheath. If it wasn’t a beautiful one I might actually have a chance. 
“Be ready.”
He didn’t have to tell me twice. We moved through the trees. Thane was of course quiet, while I managed to step on two branches, sending a loud snap through the woods. And while his feet somehow left no prints, I trudged through the forest like a wild boar. We walked for a few minutes before Thane finally paused.  
Hidden behind a pine tree, he looked at me. “He’s straight ahead, across that clearing.”
“Raven?”
He refocused on the clearing. “We can only hope.”
Great. He wasn’t sure. I took in a deep, trembling breath, then followed as Thane moved from tree to tree. Instinctively, I reached for my dagger and pulled it free. I thought about Will. I thought about Kelly. Mostly, I thought about Jim. If we needed to find the Raven to destroy the beautiful ones, if I had to put myself in danger, so be it. 
Thane heard the sound before I did, a sudden blast followed by a swoosh as a piece of bark chipped away from the tree next to me. I didn’t have time to understand. Suddenly, Thane tackled me to the ground. My heart seized. For one long moment we merely lay there, his hard body pinning me in place as we waited…waited. 
“What was that?” I finally asked. 
“Stay down!” He rolled off me and stood, hidden behind the tree. 
I managed to turn onto my stomach and peered through the weeds in front of me, trying to make sense of the situation. Although there was a cold chill in the air, sweat peppered my forehead. 
“Looks like we found our man,” Thane muttered, edging closer to me.  
I shoved my hands into the damp earth and sat up. “What the hell was that?”
“Gunshot.”
“Gun?” I’d read about them in my books, but had never been sure if they were real or myth. Guns could do damage, real damage if what I’d read was true. Where had he gotten a gun? And if they really existed, why didn’t the rest of us have them?
“One shot and you’re dead, so stay down.” He moved to the next tree. 
Hunching low, I followed. “How? How does he have a gun? 
“I don’t know. The beautiful ones had gathered and destroyed all they could find years ago. We thought.” 
I found it utterly fascinating to see Thane so caught off guard. At any other time I would have laughed at the shocked outrage on his beautiful face. As it was, his obvious lack of understanding only made me nervous. 
“What’s the plan,” I finally asked, as we paused behind another pine. Steeling my nerves, I dared to peek around the tree and toward that field. 
In response, the man shot again. I heard the blast and ducked right before a piece of bark was torn from the trunk and went twirling through the air. 
Thane moved forward, darting behind the next tree. He slung the bag he carried over his back and knelt low. “We need to get closer. Make sure to stay behind me.” 
He’d stopped shooting. Perhaps those first couple blasts had merely been a warning. “But…how does he have guns?”
Thane shrugged, his gaze scanning the clearing. “Must have found one. Or maybe he made them. I don’t know. But I’ve had some experience with guns and either his weapons are old and not working properly or he’s a terrible shot.”
So, Thane didn’t think he was missing on purpose? So much for warning shots. “Do the beautiful ones have guns?”
“They have a few saved just in case. But they don’t need them and have destroyed most. The beautiful ones don’t trust your man-made machines. They’d rather rely on their genetic abilities.”  
A glimmer of hope whispered through me. If we had guns, would this war turn in our favor? The clearing ahead showed no one, no movement, no shifting shadows…nothing. Where was this Raven? I narrowed my eyes, trying to make sense of the light and darkness. Nothing. I saw nothing. But if Thane said he was there, I had no doubt he was. 
“If I attack, there’s a chance I might kill him, trying to protect myself,” Thane muttered, reaching toward his leg and pulling out his own dagger. “We don’t want that to happen.”
Another reminder of his strength. “Then let me go.”
“No.”
I rested my hand on his forearm, but he didn’t bother to look at me. “Thane, think about it. If he sees me, a human, he won’t shoot.”
He slid me a glance. “You hope.”
“He won’t.” 
For one long moment we merely stared at each other. I tried to read the thoughts in his gaze, but like always, I sensed nothing. 
“I’m going.” 
He swore, looking away. “Then walk out slowly, arms up, and tell him you escaped the mainland. That you need shelter. If he sees me he won’t believe you.”
I highly doubted this Raven would trust me either, but decided to keep my thoughts to myself. I looked out into that wide, open field. Nowhere to hide, nowhere to find safety. And Raven was obviously the type of guy who shot first, and asked questions later. I was starting to have second thoughts. “What if he shoots me?”
“I won’t let that happen.”
I wasn’t sure how he would stop a bullet, but for some crazy reason I believed him. I took in a deep breath and straightened. My heart hammered loudly in my chest, and with each step closer toward the field, it thumped even harder, so hard I thought it would burst through my ribs. Arms raised, my entire body trembled as I moved through the last few trees. 
“Sir,” I called out. “Please, I need help.”
My voice echoed across the field. No one responded. I could hear nothing around me, for my own harsh breathing drowned out the chirp of birds and insects. I stepped further into the field, momentarily blinded by a ray of sunlight that somehow managed to pierce the dark clouds. Disoriented, I could see nothing at first, only empty weeds, and the perimeter of the forest beyond. Slowly, I kept my pace, forcing my feet to move when all I wanted to do was run back to the safety of the trees and Thane. 
“Please,” I called out. “I need help! I escaped—”
Suddenly, something tight clamped around my ankle and jerked me upward. A scream ripped from my throat as the world around me turned sideways. I was flipped around, and found myself hanging upside down, the ground below me wavering back and forth, as I swung. Dizzy from the sudden movement, I barely understood what had happened. 
Frantic, I tried to bend upward, using what little stomach muscles I had to look above. A rope held me from a thick tree branch. My stomach muscles quivered from the exertion, and I fell back down, hanging there like a fish on the end of a line. “Thane!”
But Thane didn’t come. Instead an old man stepped from the woods and into the clearing. He carried what I knew immediately had to be a long gun of some sort. “Who the hell are you?” 
“Jane.” I blinked my eyes, trying to focus, but his weathered face was all a big blur. “I was a chosen one who escaped.”
“Liar.” He lifted the gun and pointed it directly at me. “What do you really want?” 
Where was Thane when I needed him? The guy had probably dumped me here and high-tailed it back to the mainland. Raven started toward me, coming closer…closer. 
“I promise, I mean you no harm. I’m here because I need help.”
“I know you didn’t swim here, so how did you find me?” He shoved the end of his gun into my belly, making me grunt. I swung backward from the force, turning in a whirl that made the dizziness worse. “What do you want? Truth, girl.” 
I swallowed hard, trying to ignore the pain of the rope burning around my ankles, the thrum of blood rushing to my head, and focus on the man who was upside down. Or was I the one upside down? I couldn’t really remember anymore. Good God, I was going to pass out. “They’re getting worse. The attacks on the mainland.  The beautiful ones are out to destroy us. We heard that you might know how to stop them.”
“I know nothing and want nothing to do with them, or you.” He leaned forward, his face a few inches from mine. The deep wrinkles at the corners of his eyes and around his mouth fascinated me. The yellowing of his teeth and general scent of decay that hovered around him proclaimed to all that he was ancient. Stunned, I could merely stare at him. This Raven was the oldest human I’d ever seen or heard of. 
He lifted the gun again, pointing it at my head. “Now get off my land before I kill you!”
Suddenly Thane appeared shoving Raven back and stepping in front of me. “Harm her, old man, and I swear you’ll regret it.”
Thane’s appearance startled him enough that he froze in indecision. The pale set of his wrinkled face showed his fear. “Using her as bait, dhampir?” 
“No.” Thane turned his back to the man, pulled the dagger from the sheath on his thigh and cut the rope. I fell into his arms with a thud. He caught me easily, settling me gently upon my feet. It happened so quickly that the scenery around me still spun and for a moment I thought I might get sick. 
Fortunately he didn’t let go. “You okay?”
I nodded. Yeah. I was all right. I was starving, cold, had almost been shot, and my ankle throbbed, but Thane hadn’t left me, he hadn’t set me up so he could escape. So I figured I was doing better than I could have been. 
There was a soft click as the man lifted his gun once more, pointing it directly at Thane this time. “You have ten seconds before I start shooting.”
Thane stepped in front of me, placing himself between me and the old guy. Still off balance, I had to press my hands into his back and use him as support. “Calm down. We don’t mean you any harm. But she’s right. We need your help.”
“As I told her, I don’t have anything to do with the beautiful ones. I want no war with anyone.”
Thane released a harsh laugh. “You think the war won’t find you? You think you’re safe here, old man? We know you’ve been working on a way to destroy them once and for all. We need your help.” 
“Leave.” He turned and started back toward the trees. “I have nothing to offer.” 
“At least he didn’t kill us,” I muttered. 
“Whether you want a war or not, it’s coming, Raven,” Thane called out. “They’ve been asking after you. Slaughtered good people trying to find information. You’re no better than the others kept in compounds, hiding out, blind to what is truly going on around them.”
He spun around to face us. “Shut your mouth, boy.”
For one long moment none of us said a word. I inched around Thane, peeking over his shoulder. The old man looked like he might start foaming at the mouth as he stood there stewing in his righteous anger. Thane had certainly made an impression, although I wasn’t quite sure if that was good or not. 
“They are coming,” Thane finally spoke again. “And I have a feeling they’ll be here soon. Very soon.” 
Raven lifted his lips in a growl, holding his gun high. “Then let them come.”
“It doesn’t matter how many guns you own,” Thane snapped. “They will overpower you.” 
Slowly, he pointed his weapon at us once more. “You’re one of them. Why should I trust you? Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t kill you.” 
“Because,” Thane said, stepping aside and leaving me out in the open, alone and vulnerable. “She’s your granddaughter.” 


Chapter 13


I stared into the fire, watching the flames jump and dance, taking comfort in their warmth. But as much as I enjoyed the fire, it made me think about the others. Jimmy, and how much he would love the warmth. Kelly and Tony, and how they’d be snuggling by the flames. And Will…Will, who could have sat by and kept me company, making me think about anything other than my torturous thoughts. Yet, one of them had betrayed us, if Thane was right. 
It wasn’t Will. I knew that for sure. Tony was the obvious choice. It certainly wasn’t Kelly…was it? If I went by the books I’d read, it was always the sweet one, the one you’d least expect who was the culprit. Which would mean…Kelly. I rested my head in my hands, curling onto my wooden chair. No. Not Kelly. Not Will. I hated that Thane had done this to me...hated that he had made me distrust my friends, the very people who had saved me. 
I heard the door to the cabin open, the thump of his feet as Thane moved down the steps and toward me. He was being loud on purpose, so he wouldn’t catch me off guard. When his sweet scent hit me, I had to resist the urge to breathe deeply. His mere scent could make me weak-kneed and only reminded me of that dream I’d had this morning. 
“What do you want, Thane?” 
“He wants to meet you. To talk.”
I couldn’t help myself and studied that cottage. My grandfather. My father’s father. The lights in the window shone brilliantly against the evening sky. I’d been sitting out here for hours, unable to go inside, unable to be near the old man without wanting to cry, hit something, scream. I had a grandfather. It should’ve meant something. It meant nothing. 
Then again, I had brothers and a sister and felt little more than mild affection for them. Why should I feel anything for this old man? Because, I realized, this was different. He was an adult, an adult who had knowingly left his own grandchildren to be tortured and killed, yet he had done nothing to try and save us. Where were the loving families I’d read about in my books? 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I asked, staring at the cottage. It was a home. An actual home set amongst a fairy-tale forest. My grandfather had lived here for years, perhaps decades without fear, without war or strife. Safe and comfortable.
“I didn’t know.”
I jerked my gaze toward him. If he hadn’t known, then why had he repeatedly placed himself in danger to save me? I’d assumed, as I sat here lost in thought, that he had used me to get here. 
“I could only smell the similarities in your blood in that field.”
“I see.” My mind spun. Thane hadn’t known I was related to Raven, yet had saved me anyway. Why? “And Will?”   
He shrugged. He didn’t fidget, didn’t shift uncomfortably. “If he knew, then obviously he realized if anyone could talk Raven into helping, it would be his granddaughter.” 
I released the breath I held, my shoulders slumping. Just as I’d thought. It was Will, not Thane, who had been using me. Anger, hurt and frustration swirled within, burning as bright as the fire. I picked up a stick and jabbed it at the burning logs, watching the sparks fly into the air, and wishing I could release my anger up into that dark sky. The joke was on him, because my grandfather probably didn’t give two figs that we were related. 
“Was he using me?” I demanded, knowing Thane had the answer. “Pretending to care just so I’d come here?”
Thane sighed. “No. He wasn’t.”
I dropped the stick. “How do you know?”
“I know,” he snapped, almost as if annoyed. “Because whether you want to admit it or not, I am a man and I know what guys think. He liked you.” 
Startled, I looked up at him. It was the first time I’d seen Thane lose control of his emotions. Was that an actual flush to his cheeks? He spun around, pacing away from me and facing the woods. Why now, of all times, did he choose to act so human? 
Did this have to do with my relationship with Will? I took my lower lip between my teeth, lost in thought. Will cared about me. Will, who I cared for as well, but who I might never see again. I glanced toward the trees into the direction where I knew the shore lay. Could Will and I have possibly had some sort of relationship like I’d read about in those books? Tony and Kelly had something. But thoughts of Tony and Kelly made my stomach churn. One of them was a traitor. And if they had survived, Will had no idea what his friends had done.  
“Why didn’t you tell Will that someone in the group might be a traitor? Is it because you think Will is the one working with Bacchus?” Yeah, my tone came out angry, but I couldn’t quite help myself. I was tired of the secrets and I cared for Will. 
“No. Will is blindly allegiant to the cause—he would never betray his followers. It’s one of many weaknesses.” 
One of many? I frowned, annoyed. It was easy to pick on someone who wasn’t here. I wondered what Will would say in response to Thane’s comment.   
“Come in.” Thane faced me. “We can talk. There are lots of questions he can answer. It’s warmer in there and he has food.” 
Food? That caught my attention, although reluctantly. I stood and followed Thane’s broad shoulders toward the cottage. I’d been so stunned, so angry, that I’d refused to enter. But there were times to set your bitterness aside, and this was one of them. Up close I realized the cottage was actually a lot worse off than I’d first thought. The wooden shingles were hanging off, some missing. The stairs creaked and groaned under our weight. Part of my anger wavered. What was it like to live here on this island completely alone, only the occasional rabbit and deer to keep you company?
Thane pulled open the door and stepped aside. When I entered I was amazed to see it looked like the homes I’d read about. He had windows with curtains, and shelves with trinkets; shells, animals skulls, books. Two chairs flanked a fireplace and what looked to be a kitchen stood against one side. Even more surprising were the two doors that interrupted the far wall, as if he had bedrooms. It was an actual home. Not like the compound where personal objects were frowned upon. 
I took in the jars of rocks and shells, the animal skulls sitting on the shelves, the many, many books. This was my grandfather…a man of science and learning. A man I obviously took after. A man I would have probably enjoyed talking to in another life. 
“Sit,” he said gruffly as he settled in a chair he had somehow made of branches and leather.
Impressed, I sat in the similar chair across from his, while Thane paced to the windows and stared out into the evening. A fire burned brightly in the fireplace and I was struck by how free he was here. Free to live as he wished.  
“Why did you come?” he demanded, his grip tight on the arms of his chairs.  
So much for the happy reunion with my grandfather. He obviously didn’t want me here. “Why did you let us rot in those compounds?”
“What?” He snatched a glass from a small side table he’d made out of a cut log and drank deeply. “Did you think I should risk my hide to travel across the state to rescue you? I didn’t live this long by doing stupid things.” 
Anger made my cheeks flush. My own hands gripped the chair as I resisted the urge to leave again. 
“They say you know how to stop the beautiful ones,” Thane interrupted, which was definitely for the better as I was about to tell Grandfather exactly where he could stick his information. 
He slowly swooshed the drink around and around in his glass, lost in his thoughts. “Why would they believe that?”
Thane was quiet for a few moments. “You are Raven?”
Grandfather took another drink. “Why would I help you?”
“Because Thane is on our side,” I explained. Yes, even I was shocked by how loyal to the dhampir I suddenly felt. “While you have been doing nothing all these years, he’s been fighting for us.”
Grandfather released a harsh bark of a laugh. “There are ways of helping other than killing and fighting.” He tapped his head. “You can’t beat the beautiful ones by strength.” He glared at Thane. “You should know that. You’ll never be strong enough to fight them. You need to use your brains, girl.” 
The worst part was I knew he was right—not that I would admit as much. 
“How do you know you can trust him?” My grandfather nodded toward Thane, as if he wasn’t standing right there. Of course Thane didn’t look the least bit offended. I doubted he cared what anyone thought about him. 
I shrugged. “He’s had plenty of opportunities to kill me, but he hasn’t. In fact, he’s saved me upon many occasions.” 
The old man frowned at Thane, as if he expected trickery, or maybe didn’t believe me. Finally, his blue gaze shifted to me. “What do you know?” 
Was that actual curiosity I heard in his voice? I had the sudden feeling that he wanted to talk, that he was eager to share his knowledge. Perhaps he was lonelier than he pretended. “Very little.”
“Jane has only been out of the compound for a little over a month,” Thane explained. 
Fortunately he didn’t add that half that time I was out of my mind insane. Some things Grandfather didn’t need to know. 
“I see.” He nodded slowly and stood, heading into the kitchen. “Then I’ll start at the beginning.” He picked up a bowl and spoon and scooped some stew from a large pan. My stomach grumbled, my mouth watering. “Humans ran this world over two hundred years ago. The beautiful ones, or vampires as they used to be called, kept to themselves. They were a mere myth.” He shook his head. “A myth that humans wrote about, made movies about, something to scare children and titillate women.” 
I frowned. “Movies?”
He waved aside my question and shuffled toward me. I didn’t miss the way he favored his right leg. “Not important. But one of those vampires decided he was sick of living that way. Why should they, he wondered, when vampires were so much more evolved than humans?” 
I had to admit my grandfather could spin an exciting tale. If it had been mere fiction, I might have been able to curl up and enjoy the story. But no, it was a horrifying reality. The fire crackled, warming my left side. Shadows leapt and danced across the cottage walls, as if reacting the tale and adding to the eeriness of it all. 
Grandfather handed me the bowl. Grateful, I lunged toward the food, my wariness fleeing as quickly as it had come. My hands shook with need as I took the meal, holding it close and breathing deeply the erotic scents. I wasn’t so proud that I’d turn down food, not when food was the link between life and death, health and illness. The first spoonful was like heaven. Chunks of meat, potatoes, carrots and herbs I couldn’t identify. Dear God, I’d never tasted anything so wonderful. 
“And so they began to attack,” my grandfather continued. “Small, sly attacks at first, testing how far they could push the humans. People were afraid. They said aliens were invading, they claimed it was the devil, demons, and a variety of other ridiculous notions. As people started mysteriously dying, their throats ripped out, humans panicked. Cultures started fighting amongst themselves and the vampires realized they didn’t have to work at all. The human’s fear would destroy them. Then, as vampires became more confident, they took over cities at a time. Within a decade, humans were rounded up; some taken in as servants, others kept in compounds as food.” 
I still shivered at the thought. “What are they? Are they demons?”
He stood and hobbled toward a shelf. It was obvious he had a bad leg or hip. I wondered how old he was and how much longer he could possibly last here alone. Who took care of him when he grew ill? I wondered mostly why he had never tried to save me or my siblings. Did he really place his own life so far above others? At the compound we’d been taught to work as a whole, put others first. But here he worried only about himself. 
He pulled a book from a shelf. “You see this?” 
Taking in the many novels, my appetite shifted from the food to the books. He started toward us, the large novel in hand. “We believe that thousands of years ago humans and vampires shared a common ancestor.” 
He placed the book upon the small side table next to me. Notes were written between sentences, while drawings covered any white area. I didn’t quite understand the scribbles and not for the first time I wondered about my grandfather’s sanity. 
“The vampires were merely a different branch, a more evolved branch. Their senses are better, they’re stronger, and they’re faster.”
“And they feed off blood,” I whispered. The same information Thane had already said. If we already knew as much as this old man, why were we here?
“Yes, the life force. That thing that connects us all.” 
“And dhampir,” I asked, glancing at Thane. “How are they different?”
He shrugged. “Perhaps not quite as strong, or fast. They can feed on blood or on normal food. But if they feed on blood, they’re stronger.”
What Thane had said. I swallowed hard and looked once more at Thane. How often had he fed on blood? When was the last time he had sunk his teeth into some innocent human? He was looking out the windows as if our conversation didn’t have anything to do with him. 
“For both the blood has to be fresh, living. Once the person dies, the blood begins to die. But the biggest difference is that dhampir, in my opinion, have a soul.”
I shook my head, confused. I’d remembered reading about souls a time or two, but hadn’t truly understood. This was something Thane hadn’t mentioned. “What is it?”
“A soul, which you and I have, is something that is almost inexplicable.” He stood, pacing the room. “It’s what gives us a conscience. It’s what makes us love another, feel pain and empathy for another.” 
I wondered, briefly if my grandfather had one. After all, he was perfectly content to let us die in those compounds. I scooped up another spoonful, eating the stew as fast as I could before it went cold. “And vampires don’t have that?”
“How could they?” He glanced at Thane. “Dhampir do. Perhaps not as much as humans, but it is there.” 
“How fortunate for us,” Thane said blandly. “Do you or do you not know how to kill them?”
Apparently he’d had enough of talking about souls and whether or not he had one. I found the talk fascinating, and wanted to learn more. I itched to go to that shelf and pick up a book. Instead, I took my last bite, wishing for more stew, and set the bowl on the table.  
“You’re welcome to read them,” Grandfather said, noticing my attention. “I had to recopy some because they were in such bad shape, but I wrote them exactly as they were.” 
I didn’t need to be told twice. Thrilled like I hadn’t been in weeks, I stood and went to the shelf. “Where did you get the supplies to copy?”
“Same as you: stolen merchandise from the beautiful ones.”
So he either did go to the mainland upon occasion, or someone brought him supplies. I pulled a book from the shelf and read the spine. Osteology. When I flipped open the book, there were skeletons and a variety of bones pictured on the pages. My eyes went wide. So much to learn. Thane thought I knew a lot. I didn’t know anything.  
“Who brings you the supplies?” Thane asked. 
I heard the wariness in his voice and slowly replaced the book. Something was bothering Thane. 
“Friends,” Grandfather said. “I’ve been known to go to the mainland but not for long and not far.”
“Unfortunately we can’t all live on an island,” I said, with a tad bit of bitterness. “Besides, I’m sure the beautiful ones would find a way onto the island if the food source disappeared.” Frowning, I turned toward Thane. “Why don’t they come here?”
“Because,” Grandfather interrupted. “If there is one thing they’re afraid of more than anything its death.”
Aren’t we all? 
“There are only two ways a beautiful one can die within an instant. One, cutting off their head. Two, drowning. There’s no coming back from drowning. Fire,” he shrugged. “It’s a slow death. Too slow. They can heal themselves and make it out of the flames. But water, usually not in time.”
“Good to know.” 
“Alright.” Grandfather stood, drawing our attention to him. “Come with me.” 
He didn’t wait but headed toward a back room. His excitement had me warily glancing at Thane. When he started to follow my grandfather, I shoved the book back onto the shelf and went after them.  
“Careful,” Thane whispered as I fell into step beside him. 
“He’s my grandfather.”
He didn’t respond. 
And I realized how stupid I sounded. Yeah, he was my grandfather, but in this world that didn’t mean anything. I moved into the room, Thane at my back. My grandfather was sliding his hand around the wooden plank wall, mumbling under his breath. Crazy indeed. 
“Here it is.” Suddenly the wall opened to reveal a hidden room. I gasped, surprised, when I shouldn’t have been. Nothing this crazy old man did should have shocked me. 
“Well, come on,” Grandfather muttered, shuffling into the room. 
I moved hesitantly forward and peeked inside. It was small, but cluttered with shelves, bottles, skeletons and other things I didn’t recognize or understand. Two tables and shelves with a variety of jars filled the wall farthest from us. “What is this place?”
“My lab.”
Lab. I searched my mind, trying to define the word but the only thing that came to mind was Frankenstein, and that made me more than nervous. It was a place where he worked, studied, obviously. Thane moved into the room even more cautiously than I did. Either he was showing his emotions more often, or I was actually coming to understand the dhampir. 
I went to the shelves and picked up a jar. What seemed to be an eyeball floated in some sort of liquid. Swallowing down the bile in my throat, I quickly replaced the jar and turned toward my grandfather. “You’re a scientist?”
“Doctor. Or I was a doctor, at one time, for the chosen ones.”
He’d been a doctor? He’d seen those compounds, had known why they were there. When he’d escaped, had he bothered to try and help anyone else, or had he immediately hidden away, thinking only of himself? 
A skeleton in the far corner caught my attention. A full-sized body. “What is that?”
“A skeleton,” he said gruffly. 
“A human?” I asked, feeling slightly ill. How the hell had he gotten a skeleton? 
“No,” Thane replied. “A beautiful one.” 
A beautiful one. A monster. Yet, now a mere pile of bones. I moved slowly toward the object and stared hard at it. I had to remind myself that it was dead, it couldn’t hurt me. The huge gaping holes for eyes, the laughing mouth of teeth, all harmless. “How is it different from ours?”
“It’s not. Not really.” He moved toward it. “That’s the odd thing. These ridges, they’re where the muscle attaches to bone. They’re bigger than in most human skeletons, but that’s it as far as I can tell.”
“What does it mean?” I asked. I really wanted to know where he had gotten it, but didn’t dare ask for fear of his response. 
He lifted the arm, making it wave. “It means that it’s not the skeletal structure giving them their strength.”
“What is?”
“Their blood, their genes, the brain… I’m not sure.” 
I glanced at Thane to see how he was taking this all, but he was leaning nonchalantly against the door frame, arms crossed, face passive. I took in a deep breath and faced my grandfather. “You were a doctor. Is that how you escaped? Or did someone help you? Like Thane?”
“On my own.” He moved toward a shelf and pulled down a bunch of books. “When I had my chance, I took it. This was before we had help. Before your Thane.” He paused near his jars of specimens, his back to us. I didn’t miss the way his hands trembled as they rested on a shelf. “I was making sure humans were healthy, only to know that it didn’t matter. They would be murdered anyway. It was slowly driving me insane.”
I wasn’t quite sure if he was sane even now, but I was glad to know he had a conscience. I thought about our doctor back at the compound and how odd he seemed, how anxious and timid. I wanted to hate him, but couldn’t for I knew that one day they would have no use for him.  
Thane strolled toward the shelves, and picked up a jar that looked deceptively like part of a brain. “They’ve decided to use blood suckers now as doctors. No more humans.”
“Yes, I heard.”
Heard from who? It was new to me. I wondered what had happened to our doctor, but pushed the thought aside. We had more important things to worry about, and as much as the room fascinated me, I wondered if Grandfather had brought us here for a purpose other than showing off his collection. 
Thane replaced the jar. “They use the chosen ones less and less these days. They don’t trust them.”
“Imagine that,” I whispered. 
Thane looked at my grandfather. “You said you have something?”
“Yes!” He struggled to his knees and gripped the corner of a floorboard. I shifted, uneasy. But surprisingly, the slat lifted and he pulled out a black case of some sort that had been hidden. 
With a grin, he stood. “The ground keeps it cool and the floorboards hide the case.”  
“What is it?” I asked. 
“You’ll see. So impatient.” He settled the case on top of the table. Thane still stood by the shelves, but I moved closer, unable to resist. “This, is the answer to our problems.” 
He flipped open the lid. The case was filled with bottles and bottles of clear liquid. At least fifty, maybe more. Water? Vaccines? What was he getting at? 
He just stood there, grinning, as if we should understand. 
“What is it?” I finally asked.
He huffed out a breath of annoyance. “Our way of destroying the beautiful ones, of course.”
When we didn’t respond, too confused to speak, he sighed loudly, raking his hands through his white hair so it stood like a puff of a cloud atop his head. “If we can taint the human blood so that vampires can’t ingest it, yet it doesn’t make the humans sick…well, we might have a fighting chance.” 
Taint human blood? That sounded dangerous. “How does it work?” 
“Simple. We merely need to inject the liquid into the blood stream.” He pulled a bottle free with trembling fingers, that wide, demented grin back in place. “This,” he said, holding up the long needle, filled with liquid. “Will save us all.”  
I slid Thane a glance, hoping he would respond. But he seemed just as surprised and unsure as I did. In other words, no help. 
Grandfather looked at us expectantly. “So, who’s first?” 


Chapter 14


Thane wouldn’t let Grandfather give me the injection. And considering I wasn’t quite sure if he was crazy or not, I didn’t argue. We would wait, he had insisted. I wasn’t sure what we were waiting for and I realized that there might come a time when I would be forced to take the serum, but I trusted his instincts, and more importantly, I trusted mine. 
And although I hadn’t gotten the “miracle cure,” as grandfather called it, I felt safe there on that island, where my grandfather had lived in peace. Safe for days as Thane and I rested, waiting, while Grandfather went over his serum again and again, testing it on various wild animals, and even himself, to make sure it wouldn’t kill humans. 
But I knew the safety was an illusion and Thane was right, in this world we should be very leery of any cure that seemed too good to be true. And so we would wait some more. And a part of me, that selfish part, didn’t mind waiting. I liked it here. 
I waded out into the water up to my thighs, staring at the area where I knew the mainland was located. Out there, somewhere, but it was too cloudy to see. Was Will still alive? Did Kelly still live? Tony? Or had one of them led the others into a trap? 
I brushed my hands over the surface of the water, watching the ripples move out toward the shore and wondered if those tiny waves might make it to the mainland. Kelly had never taught me to swim. Probably never would. Not her death, not even her possible betrayal could bring me to tears. I didn’t cry anymore. I couldn’t. My emotions had dried up and at times I wondered if I was still human. Even seeing the books in Grandfather’s house didn’t thrill me like they would have two months ago. Yes, I’d desperately wanted to read them, but merely to gain knowledge that might defeat the beautiful ones. Not for pleasure. 
I sank into the water, letting the cool waves reach my shoulders. This, though, felt as close to bliss as I supposed I would ever feel again. I could admit that much. I didn’t even mind the salt water that occasionally splashed into my mouth, tasting bitter and tangy. The water cleaned my body, the smooth pebbles on the bottom massaged my feet and the cold numbed the aches and pains. 
But my moment didn’t last long. I heard the snap of a branch and spun around to face the land. Thane stood on the shore, casually watching me. I found it somewhat amusing that he made noise to warn me whenever he approached, when he could have walked quietly by and I wouldn’t have noticed. Amusing and yes, somewhat endearing. 
“Swimming or trying to escape?”
I flushed. “Swimming. Well, trying. I don’t really know how.”
He pulled his shirt over his head. 
Startled, I stiffened. I wore my underwear and shirt but I still felt underdressed with him near. I’d never been this embarrassed around Will. What was it about Thane that made me feel like a bumbling fool? “What are you doing?” 
“Same as you. Swimming.”
I spun around, giving my back to him as he reached for the waistband of his trousers. “I sort of wanted to be alone.”
“Being alone is dangerous.”
“We’re on an island.”
I could hear him move into the water, the gentle splash of the waves against his body. “Never let your guard down, Jane.”
I watched him from the corner of my eye as he dove into the water and swam out, a blur of a man underneath the surface, like one of the mere-folk I’d read about in a book. He stood some distance away and raked his wet hair back from his face. I tried not to stare, but he was truly stunning. Even the scars didn’t take away from his fine features, and for some reason the water made his eyes look even bluer. 
“Just when you think you have someone, or something figured out, is probably when they surprise you, turn on you.” 
Was he speaking of the beautiful ones or himself? 
“And do you trust my grandfather?” I asked.
He lifted his dark brows. “Are you asking because you don’t?”
I shrugged, wading a little left, further away from him. Looking at his beautiful face, his muscled chest, those brilliant blue eyes, made it hard to think. I knew what I was feeling…attraction. But how could that be? I didn’t like him, I didn’t trust him…did I? “I learned not to trust anyone.”
The amusement in his gaze seeped away and he looked out onto the water, pensive and moody in a way he rarely was. “There are people you can trust, you know. But when it comes down to it, you only have yourself.”
I frowned. 
“I don’t find it depressing, although some might. It’s not as if people don’t care about each other. It’s that everyone has their own issues to deal with. It just means you should always rely upon your own instincts and trust yourself over others. The power is in your own hands.”
I didn’t feel powerful. Maybe that was my problem, I was having a hard time trusting myself. I wished I’d been stronger those first two weeks, I’d lost such precious time. And why hadn’t I sensed that someone in our group was a traitor? “You didn’t answer my question though. Can we trust him?”
“You can. He means you no harm.” He went under water and I could see him swim ahead. What did he mean by that response? He pushed through the surface about ten feet from me and brushed his hair from his face again. This was the closest I’d ever been to seeing Thane relaxed, at ease…dare I say enjoying himself? 
“And you?” I asked, not letting him get away with his half answers. “Can you trust him?” 
He turned toward me, grinning. A smile that made me catch my breath. A smile I’d never seen on him. In that moment he looked young, handsome, like any other man. “I believe he’s seriously thinking of keeping me here as a specimen to study.”
I gasped, horrified. 
He laughed, truly amused. “Don’t worry. It won’t happen.”
“But you won’t hurt him, will you?”
He rolled his eyes skyward. “Glad you’re worried about my welfare.” 
“I didn’t mean—”
“No. I won’t hurt him.” He held out his hand. “Now come here.” 
A V formation of geese flew overhead, squawking and momentarily distracting me. “Why?” 
“You need to learn to swim, right?”
Startled, I tore my gaze from the sky and focused on him. He wanted me to be close to him? A least when we’d slept in that cabin we’d been wearing clothes. Being that close and wearing practically nothing wouldn’t be proper. Just the thought sent an embarrassed flush to my face. “No. We don’t have time.” 
He started toward me. “We have plenty of time.” 
Before I could come to my senses and lunge for the shore, he grabbed my hand and pulled me close. So close I fell into his chest. Horrified, I shoved my free palm into his shoulder and pushed back. “Thane, no!”
“Jane,” he said wryly. “You trusted me enough to swim you across the ocean.”
“Trusted? Ha!” I frowned at him as he pulled me further away from shore, the water growing colder with each step. “I didn’t have a choice!” 
He paused chest deep and tugged me toward him, the tips of my toes skimming the smooth pebbles below. “Trust me.”
I swallowed hard, my mouth suddenly dry. “You told me to trust no one.”
He grinned, a flash of white teeth, and that’s when I saw them…the canines. Sharp and pointed, just like the beautiful ones, and reminding me just in time that he was only half human. The unease that was slowly drifting away returned. 
“Just those who can’t be trusted,” he said. 
I shivered, tearing my gaze away from his mouth and focusing on his eyes. Thane was a blood drinker. A vampire. As much as I was attracted to him, I couldn’t forget what he truly was. Sensing my discomfort, Thane’s smile fell. Had I hurt his feelings? Was that truly possible? 
“And I can trust you?” I whispered. 
He pulled me further into the water, his hands warm on mine. “What do you want to know, Jane? I have nothing to hide.” 
I frowned. This was getting much too personal. “We’re going too far.” 
“Too far? You haven’t even asked me anything.”
The tips of my toes no longer touched the bottom. “No, I mean the water.”
He pulled me closer, supporting me where the water didn’t. “You need to learn to swim.” 
But the further out we went, the more fear began to weave its way through my body. I could drown, and I had to trust Thane to protect me. Thane, a man who was half monster. “Why? I’ve been fine not knowing all this time.” 
His left arm looped around my waist, warm, but not comforting. No, I wanted nothing more than to get away from him, head to shore and find peace, alone. I didn’t like the way my body reacted to his nearness; my heart and mind at war. 
“Because you hate relying on other people, don’t you?”
How did he know that? “Maybe.”
“Okay then.” He let go of one hand and placed it on my back. “Relax.” 
I gripped his shoulders. “No.”
“I have you, Jane.”
I stared into his eyes for one long moment. He was completely serious, and he was waiting…waiting for me to trust him. But this wasn’t just about trust. I didn’t want to be weak anymore. Not knowing how to swim was a weakness. Breaking the eye contact, I leaned back. His hands were there, holding me afloat. 
“Close your eyes, relax.” 
I closed my eyes, but my body remained stiff, my heart pounding as the water lapped against me. All I could think about were those huge waves that hit me over and over, filling my lungs with salt water as Thane and I had made our escape.  
A wave hit me. Panicked, I opened my eyes and thrashed in the water. 
“Never mind,” Thane muttered, grabbing me around the waist and pulling me close. “Calm down.”
“I…I can’t do this,” I said through chattering teeth. I was cold, so bitterly cold. “I want to go back.”
“Damn it, Jane, look at me,” Thane demanded. 
I forced myself to focus on him. 
“Keep my gaze. Relax. You need to learn how to swim. I swear I won’t let anything happen to you. Ever.”
As I stared into his eyes, something odd happened…I actually believed him. My body felt heavy, my mind lost its frantic edge and I started to relax. 
“Not too much,” he said, his voice pulling me back. “Don’t fall asleep.” 
“What are you doing?” I murmured. How odd that his eyes were the color of the sky so I wasn’t sure where he ended and the world began. The desperation I’d felt vanished like the breeze sweeping across the sea. I knew in the deep recesses of my mind that something odd was happening, but I couldn’t seem to dredge up enough energy to care. 
“I’m helping you relax.”
I smiled up at him. Right. Relax. Wait…what? I blinked my eyes, jerking my gaze from him. The confusion made me thrash and I found myself going under. Bitterly cold water rushed over my head. Just as suddenly as I went under, Thane’s hands were at my waist, pulling me up out of the water and holding me close to his warm body. 
Gasping for air, I met his gaze. “What just happened?”  
“Nothing.” Lifting me, he cradled my body against his chest and started toward the shore. But it wasn’t nothing, I could tell by the way he was avoiding eye contact. Perhaps I was starting to understand Thane after all, and something was definitely suspicious. 
The moment my feet could touch the ground, I pushed at his chest. “What did you do?”
Waist deep, he loosened his hold and I slid down his body, into the water. “I can persuade people.”
Confused, I shook my head. “What does that mean?”
He shrugged. “It’s been known to happen with blood drinkers, but no one knows I have the gift. If they had, they would have used me even more than they did.”
“What are you talking about?” I demanded. 
His jaw clenched, his gaze uneasy. “I can somehow persuade people to do my bidding. They have to be looking in my eyes, and willing, but if they are, I can make them relax. Almost hypnotize them.”
Hypnotize, I’d heard that word before. “At the castle when I fainted and woke up in that field….”
He stepped toward me. “Jane—”
“You manipulated me!” I stepped back, shocked. “And you said I could trust you.”
“Jane, it’s not…”
But I didn’t wait around to hear his defense. Horrified and disappointed, I raced to the shore and scooped up my clothes. I wasn’t even sure what angered me more, that Thane had betrayed me, or that I had trusted him. Finding the trail that led back to the house, I raced toward the cottage, letting my humiliation spur me forward. 


****

My body and mind no longer felt like my own. Every time I thought I might be regaining control, it was torn from my grip. 
Desperately, I tried to think back and remember any other time when Thane might have used his strange ability on me. The jump at the castle, that night in the boat house, and today. Fortunately, I couldn’t think of any other odd moments. But it did little to ease my mind. How could he? 
I picked up a stick and pushed at the logs in the fire pit. Sparks took flight, floating high, glowing like the stars that were just barely visible in the evening sky. Thane hadn’t returned since our argument at the beach. Part of me wanted to hear what he had to say, part of me just wanted to hit him…hard. 
I leaned back in the wicker chair Grandfather had made and watched him through the windows as he paced back and forth in his living room. He was mumbling to himself. Not exactly a good sign. How could this man possibly be Raven? A leader of men? It seemed preposterous and dangerous that he was giving orders. 
The sudden snap of a tree branch alerted me to Thane’s presence. He strolled up the trail that led through the woods, his face emotionless, eyes guarded. He was dressed again and his hair had dried, the ends curling at his neck and against his scarred cheek. He didn’t wear the hood, but then I realized that he never wore the hood around me anymore. His gaze found me and I quickly looked away. 
But my lack of eye contact didn’t dissuade him. He settled in the chair next to mine and we lapsed into awkward silence. While I continued my assault on the fire pit, he merely sat there watching. 
“I apologize,” he finally said in an awkward way that made me wonder if he’d ever apologized to anyone in his life. 
“Swear you’ll never influence me again.”
“I can’t.”
I surged to my feet in outrage. “What?”
“I won’t,” he said in a hard tone. “If I feel that it will save your life, I’ll do it again.”
My anger boiled. “Because I’m so important.” I pointed the stick I held at the cottage. “Because of him, right? You had to save me because he’s my grandfather.”
Thane didn’t respond. 
“What? Did you think I might have more influence over him?” I released a harsh laugh. “Bet you were surprised when the man treated me like he would anyone else.” 
“Jane, he would have killed anyone else. I don’t think you get that.”
I hated how calm and rational he sounded. “He wouldn’t.”
He surged to his feet, towering over me. “He would. Where do you think he got those skeletons?”
I shivered. He was serious. Grandfather had killed those men merely so he could study their bones? “No, he…”
But Thane was completely serious. My gaze went to the cottage window where Grandfather was most likely injecting some poor rabbit with our serum. I could no longer see him, and like the toddlers I used to watch in the compound, I worried he was doing something he shouldn’t. 
“I’ve only influenced you three times,” Thane said. “The night we escaped the castle, in that cottage by the pier, and now.” 
As if I should forgive him merely because he hadn’t had a chance to do it again. Slowly, I settled back in my chair, wondering if I could ever trust him. Just when I found myself softening toward him, something always put me back on edge. “Why?”
He sat too, raking his hands through his hair as if flustered. “Out of necessity.”
Angry, I laughed and dropped the stick. “Today was a necessity?”
“We’re on an island, Jane. If you need to escape without me, you need to know how to swim. Even a boat can tip.”
To say I was startled by his statement would be putting it lightly. The thought of being alone out there without Thane, terrified me much more than I wanted it to. “What are you saying? Are you leaving me here?”
“No. Of course not.” There was a telling pause. “But you could stay, you know.”
“Where?”
“Here.” He studied the open clearing. “You don’t have to return to the mainland. Stay here, get to know your grandfather. You’d be safer on this island than the mainland.”
The thought was tempting. Too tempting. I’d known a peace here that I hadn’t experienced in over a month. But being on this island wasn’t much different than being in that compound, was it? I was still trapped. I had friends out there in the real world, friends who were counting on me. Friends who might still be alive. 
“And would you stay too?”
He watched me through those eerie eyes. “You know I can’t. Your grandfather is making plans even now to kill me and research my body.”
Sadly, I believed him. I swallowed hard and looked back at the house. The windows were empty, but they glowed warmly from the firelight inside. Truth of the matter was, without Thane here, my unease around my grandfather would surge. “I don’t know if I’m any safer with him than with the beautiful ones on the mainland.” 
“You are.”  
So if I stayed, he would leave me then, just like that. As if we’d never met. Did he want me to stay? Was I a bother to him? The thought stung. “How long would I be safe here anyway? After all we have to face the real world soon enough, right?” I was babbling, but couldn’t seem to stop. All I knew was that the thought of being without Thane terrified me. “Besides, staying here would be no better than staying in those compounds and—”
“Shhh,” Thane whispered, his gaze on the woods. 
Frowning, I started to ask what was wrong when he surged to his feet, his body tense, those hands fisted. I knew the look well by now. Well enough to know he’d heard something or someone. “What is it?”
“The water sounds odd.” 
Since I couldn’t hear the water from where we stood I took his word for it. “Odd? In what way?”
He shook his head slowly. “It’s stopped.”
My heart slammed wildly in my chest and I had to remind myself that the beautiful ones didn’t like water. Thane closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, as if trying to sense the world around us. For a few minutes everything was silent. I didn’t dare speak although I was dying to ask questions. 
His eyes popped open, glowing white-blue. “They’ve found us.”
I knew immediately who he spoke of. Without pause, Thane raced into the cabin. I ran after him, my heart slamming erratically against my ribcage. When I reached the cottage, Thane had already told my grandfather. 
“On my land?” Raven demanded. He seemed angrier about the prospect of someone invading his privacy than the fact that they were beautiful ones out to kill us. With heated footsteps, he stomped toward the counters that made up his kitchen. 
“I’m not sure how many,” Thane admitted. “But they’re coming fast.” 
“Damn bastards growing more bold every week.” Grandfather knelt, pulling a case out from underneath the counter. “Was afraid this was going to happen. Had heard reports of them surveying the island from the mainland.” 
In other words, we weren’t safe here. 
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Thane snapped. 
But grandfather ignored him, turning toward me and tossing something. “Take it!” 
I caught the gun right before it fell. I was reminded only too well of when Will had given me that sword and I hadn’t a clue what to do with it. If only I had my sword now. “How does it work?”
“See that little trigger? Point the gun and push that.” 
It seemed so simple. 
I held the gun by the tips of my fingers, afraid it would go off and I’d kill Thane or Grandfather or worse, myself. “Why haven’t they attacked yet? No offense, but they aren’t known for their patience.”  
Thane headed to the windows and brushed aside the curtains. Grandfather was rushing around the room, gathering a variety of supplies and stuffing them in a bag as if he was going to flee: food, a blanket, what looked to be some sort of small bow and arrow. 
“They’re just in the woods.” Thane let the curtain fall back into place. “They’re waiting for us.” 
“Waiting for what?” I demanded. The gun felt cold and heavy and unfamiliar in my hands. I’d seen how fast beautiful ones moved. Could I really shoot one before it got to me? Or would I end up shooting my foot instead?  
“Waiting for us to attack.” 
“How many?” Grandfather asked, holding out a gun for Thane. 
Thane took the weapon. “Ten, at least. I can’t take them all. Especially considering I haven’t fed.” 
It took me a moment for me to realize Thane meant he hadn’t fed on blood. Which meant he was weaker than normal. Unless Grandfather had a magic tunnel that led underneath the ocean to the mainland, we were in trouble. 
My grandfather started toward the door as if he’d done this plenty of times before. “Let’s go.” 
“We can’t just walk out there!” I snapped. What was wrong with him? Did he honestly think he could take on ten vampires? Had he not heard Thane? The man truly was insane. 
Grandfather paused, glancing back at me. “What choice do we have? Wait until they attack? This is my land, and I’ll go down fighting, if I have to, in order to protect it.”  
Yeah, completely insane. “He can’t be serious. Thane, do something! He’s walking into his death.”
“Do we care?” he muttered. 
I parted my lips, intending to tell them both where to shove their stupid plans, when there was a sudden thump on the roof. I froze, my gaze on the ceiling. Another thump and another. 
“Three,” Thane said softly. 
“Oh God, they’re on the roof.” 
“Apparently they’re no longer waiting,” Grandfather whispered. 
The sound of shattering glass rang through the air. Shards burst around us. I dropped my pistol and instinctively I raised my arms to cover my face, but I was too late. I felt the sudden stab of a piece of glass hitting my shoulder. I stifled my scream, frantically swinging up my gun and pointing it at the broken window. A wad of burning material rolled across the floor, landing against the far wall. But I could see no one outside. Dare I fire anyway? 
Grandfather and Thane raced across the room, leaving me alone to make the decision. But as I stood there waiting for a vampire to appear so I could shoot, my arm began to tremble, the pain from the glass almost unbearable. Cursing, I lowered my gun, and slumped to the floor, my back somewhat protected against the wall.  
A triangular piece of glass had pierced my shirt and upper arm. “This is going to hurt.” 
Gritting my teeth, I gripped the edge and pulled it free. The sharp pain made me cry out, momentarily distracting Thane, who looked my way. 
“You okay?”
“Fine.” I dropped the shard and stumbled to my feet as the blood trailed down my arm. I was more annoyed by the fact that I had somehow managed to get hurt once again, than the actual pain. I managed to make it to the kitchen. While Thane and grandfather put out the fire, I grabbed a towel from the counter and using my teeth, I tied it around the wound. 
“Why bother?” my grandfather mumbled, looking at the charred floorboards. “They won’t let up.” 
As if in response to my grandfather’s statement, another window broke and another pile of burning weeds raced through the room. It hit the curtains on the opposite wall. They burst into flames. 
“Go,” Grandfather growled. “Go out back to the pier. I’ll hold them off. Use the rowboat.” 
“We can’t leave you,” I cried out, racing toward the curtains to put out the fire. 
Grandfather grabbed my arm, jerking me to a stop. “You’re a good girl, Jane. A smart girl and I’m proud to have you as my granddaughter. You can find a way out of this, I believe in you. Trust him. You need someone strong, you need someone on your side.” He looked up at Thane. “You’ll take care of her?”
Thane nodded. He always had taken care of me. That wasn’t my worry. My worry was for the old man who had lived here alone. Smoke had me coughing into my sleeve and I realized the fire was getting worse. The flames had leapt from the curtains to the boards on the wall, destroying the cottage my grandfather held so dear. Soon, they would make it to the bookshelf and the novels he had painstakingly copied. Grandfather was right, the vampires were never going to stop. And just like in the decayed city over a month ago, they were going to smoke us out. 
“Get the bag” Grandfather said, releasing me. “It has supplies.” 
Thane grabbed the sack and tossed it over his shoulder. 
Grandfather raced into the back room. “Hold them off until I get the serum.” 
Thane moved to the windows, that pistol in hand. “Grab your gun and protect the back of the house. Make sure it’s clear.”­­
I raced across the room, dodging the two chairs where we’d sat in front of the fire while my grandfather had told us stories about the past. Near the broken window, I scooped up my gun. Thane had covered the front. They wanted me to protect the back, as if I could. Using the butt of the pistol, I broke the glass in the back window. I searched the water outside, the pier beyond, but saw no one. That didn’t mean they weren’t there. I could practically feel them lurking on the roof, waiting to pounce. 
“Here.” My grandfather came running back into the room, the hobble making his gait awkward, and once again I was aware of how fragile he really was. “Take it.” 
He stuffed the case into another sack and threw it to me. I caught it, holding the bag tightly to my chest. I didn’t understand what was going on, but that wasn’t new. The fire had made its way up the wall and the smoke was growing thick. They were merely waiting for us to come stumbling out in surrender. 
“I’d say three on the roof,” Thane said. “Seven out front.” 
Grandfather nodded, pulling a rifle out from underneath the counter. Perhaps he had some magical beans under there as well. He could build a beanstalk and climb out of this mess. The ridiculous story was preferable to what I knew would happen. 
“What do you want me to do with the serum?” I wasn’t a doctor, I wasn’t a scientist, I didn’t know what I was doing and I certainly couldn’t save the world like he wanted me to. Yet, here he was, entrusting me with the vaccine that would save the human race. 
Grandfather gripped my shoulders and pulled me close, the cold rifle between us. “Go now. You have to go. I can’t make it, and I’ll only hold you back and we’ll all be caught. You are young, you can escape.”
“We can’t leave you!”
“Yes, you can,” he snapped gruffly. “It’s the only way. Don’t be stupid. There is no room in this world for weakness, and caring too much is a weakness.”
If he meant to hurt my feelings, it didn’t work. 
“I’ll hold them off,” he insisted. “The guns might not kill them, but they’ll keep them back while you escape.”  
Thane took my hand, the sack of supplies he carried slung over his shoulder. “We have to leave now.” 
Grandfather pointed his rifle out the window toward the pier, the smoke billowing up in the background practically consumed him. If the vampires didn’t get him, I realized the smoke would. He couldn’t stay inside with the fire. Where would he go? 
“Out the back,” he demanded. “Take the boat and go.” 
My eyes watered as I stood there. I told myself I wasn’t crying, I didn’t cry anymore. No, the tears were from the smoke. Thane jerked open the back door and pulled me outside. I didn’t even have time to say goodbye. And suddenly we were gone. I didn’t dare look back at the window. The gunshots that went off told me he still lived.  
“Keep going,” Thane demanded, shoving me in front of him. “Don’t stop.” 
We raced down the pier, our feet thundering against the floorboards, the sack Grandfather had given me thumping against my back. It seemed to take forever to reach that small rowboat, and all the while I was completely aware of how important it was to get that serum to the mainland.  
“Untie the boat,” Thane said. 
It was only after I’d taken a few steps that I realized he wasn’t following. I paused, turning to find him. Thane stood in the middle of the pier, gun raised. A vampire jumped from the roof and at the same time Thane fired his weapon. The bullet hit the animal in the head. He cried out, falling to the shore. 
“Go!” Thane snapped, tossing me his bag of supplies. “Untie the boat!” 
Juggling both bags, I raced the last few steps to the boat and dropped to my knees. With frantic, trembling fingers, I somehow managed to untie the rope while Thane shot another vampire. My grandfather’s bullets still peppered the air, each blast making my heart jump into my throat. But I craved the sound as much as it frightened me. Each blast meant he still lived. 
Suddenly, Thane was at my side, tossing the gun to the bottom of the boat. “Empty.” He grabbed my gun. “Go! Get in.” 
He picked up the bag with the serums and handed it to me. It was as I was catching the second bag that I saw the blur of a body. I didn’t have time to cry out a warning before Thane was hit. They fell to the pier so hard that even the water around it trembled. 
“Go, Jane!” Thane cried out as they rolled across the wooden planks. Frantic, I grabbed for the paddles and tried to surge away from the dock. 
The vampire’s hands were around Thane’s neck and I could see another blood drinker jumping from the roof. 
“Thane!” I cried out in warning.  
Somehow Thane managed to point my gun and shoot the vampire coming at him, while the other still pinned him to the dock. The vampire stumbled to the ground, blood spreading across his chest.  
“Start rowing!” Thane gasped. 
He wanted me to leave him behind. Damn him. Didn’t he understand I couldn’t survive this world without him? He swung his arm upward, his fist connecting with the vampires chin. His head snapped back, and he fell to his side, dangerously close to the water and my boat. 
“Leave!” Thane demanded. 
“Fine!” I snapped back. “But if you die, it’s your fault!” I gripped the oars and tried to row, but the pain in my shoulder was almost unbearable. The boat turned, hitting the pier with a thud. Thane and the vampire he was fighting lost their balance, toppled over, and hit the water. 
“Great.” With my feet, I reached out and pushed away from the pier sending the boat back, away from the dock. 
I used the momentum to push with the oars. They cut through the water slowly, resisting and tugging at my arm muscles. The need to get the serum to the mainland fought with my desire to find Thane. But I knew Thane wouldn’t want me to stay, and he sure as heck wouldn’t put me above the safety of thousands. I gritted my teeth and kept pulling on the oars, using the strength and weight of my body. But the entire time I crept into the open ocean, I kept my eyes on that rippling water where Thane and the vampire had disappeared. Where was he? 
“Come on, come on…” 
Suddenly, Thane burst through the surface of the water, gasping for air only a few feet from the boat. Startled, I cried out. But my surprise quickly gave way to elation. Somehow he’d survived once again. 
“Keep going!” He gripped the side and pulled himself up, making the boat tip dangerously toward the water’s surface. 
Soaking wet, he fell into the bottom of the boat. As he lay there for that brief moment, breathing heavily, I noticed the blood soaking his gray shirt. He’d been injured. 
“You’re hurt.” I started to reach for him but he shoved me away.
“We don’t have time.” He took my seat, and grabbed the oars. 
I shuffled out of his way and settled at the back of the boat. With one pull of the oars, Thane sent us skidding through the water at a speed that would get us to the mainland within minutes. Water splashed against the sides, soaking my clothing, but I barely cared. 
I turned, watching the cottage as it burst into flames. It was only then that I realized the gunshots had stopped. My heart fell to my feet, my body heavy. “I’ll never see him again, will I?”
He pulled at the oars over and over, a continuous movement that sent us practically flying across the water’s surface. “He knew what he was doing when he sent us away.” 
The sadness I felt was unexpected and crippling. I drew my knees closer and stared at that burning house where my grandfather had lived for so many years safe and protected. Perhaps if we hadn’t arrived, the beautiful ones wouldn’t have come after us. And perhaps if I hadn’t been so eager to save the others in the compound, Jimmy wouldn’t be dead. 
“Why did he do it?” I whispered. 
“To save your kind, to save the world.” 
I turned away from the house and faced the mainland. It was getting closer, but still too far away to see detail. More beautiful ones could be waiting there for us. Would we ever be safe? 
I took in a deep, trembling breath. Grandfather was gone, but we still had a job to do. “He wants us to take the vaccines to Will?”
He laughed. “Will is just an insignificant player in all of this.”
I glanced back at the cottage once more. As the fog from the ocean covered the island and only the eerie dark smog of smoke could be seen, I still stared. Even though Grandfather had left us to rot in that compound I still hoped he had died quickly, as painlessly as possible. “Then who do we take the vaccines to?”
“Raven.” 
“But…” I jerked my gaze toward him. His face was all stoic seriousness as he continued to row. “My grandfather…”
Thane shook his head. “He’s not the real Raven.”
For some reason it was easy to accept. Although the truth surprised me, the more I thought about it, the more it made sense. The real Raven was a leader, not some old man who hid out on an island. “So who is Raven?”
Thane met my gaze, water trailing from his hair and down the harsh planes of his face. “Good question.”
 

Chapter 15

We didn’t pause when we reached shore. We didn’t pause after hiking all night inland. We didn’t even pause for food, although it had been hours since we’d eaten. We only stopped late in the afternoon the next day when the storm started, a giant clap of thunder that shook the ground and rattled the tree branches above. 
“Maybe it’s just passing,” I muttered to myself. 
Suddenly huge drops fell from the sky, pounding against the top of my head and soaking me instantly. I bit back my grimace. The healing blisters on my feet had ripped open that morning, and my shoulder wound throbbed. The pain and exhaustion were finally winning and my steps had slowed, leaving me trailing far behind Thane. At times I lost sight of him, but was too tired to care. 
“Up ahead,” Thane called out over the patter of rain. 
I swiped the water from my face and used what little strength I had left to trudge uphill. Thane stood near a dark opening that burrowed under a rocky ledge and into the ground. Although the thought of crawling into that cave, where there were most likely spiders and mice and other things I’d rather not befriend, horrified me, it was shelter and that’s what we needed at the moment. 
“It will protect us,” he said, as if sensing my reservations. 
I had my doubts. But whatever animals might be lurking within the darkness would have to share. I dropped to my knees and crawled into the dirt tunnel. The sides scraped against my pack, but it opened into a larger room only a few feet inside. Depleted, I set the bag on the ground and settled with my back against the wall, watching Thane as he moved into the cave. He looked pensive, tired, and I’d never seen him that way. It made him seem more human, instead of the beautiful one I always thought of when I looked at him.  
“This will do for now.” He settled with his back against the opposite wall and tossed me the bag. “Food inside.”
Thank God. With trembling fingers, I managed to pry open the sack. More wrinkly apples, and some sort of oats. But it was the container of stew I smelled that had me trembling with need. I opened the lid of the metal box. It was cold, and the fat had congealed atop the stew, but I didn’t care. I took the spoon from the bag and ate, savoring each chill bite until half the container was gone. I tried not to think about the variety of warm meals I used to eat at the compound, but with each cold spoonful the memories came flooding back. My appetite waned. Unable to take another cold bite, I handed the container to Thane. 
“Keep it,” he said. 
“No, you have to eat—”
“Jane, I can last much, much longer without eating than you. Besides, your human food does little to nourish me.” 
I shivered, pulling back and clutching the container to my chest. Was he asking for blood? My blood? I closed the lid on the stew and set it back in the bag. “I’ll save it for later.” 
“I’m not going to attack you for your blood, Jane, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
I must have looked unsure, for he continued, “When you see a deer and you’re hungry, do you ever think of jumping on it and ripping its flesh from its bones with your teeth?”
“Ugh, no.”
“Exactly.”
“But then I’ve never gone as long as you have without food.” I must have hit a point, for we grew silent again. Outside the rain continued to fall, the patter lulling me into a dream-like state where I only wanted to sink into sleep for a day or two. “How do you do that?”
He was still, always so still, never one to fidget. Every move was deliberate and needed. He didn’t waste his energy. “What?”
“How do you always know what I’m thinking and feeling?”
He shrugged and studied the opening of the cave. “We are more empathetic than most.”
My frown deepened. I wasn’t quite sure if I should be angry or not. Was this another one of his mind tricks or something he just couldn’t help? For a long while we merely sat there listening to the rain fall outside. He stared outside, while I stared at him. 
“Did you know all a long he wasn’t Raven?” I asked. 
“No. I didn’t.” He held out his hand. “Come here.”
“Why?”
He quirked a brow. “Must you always question everything? Do you not trust me?”
He was mocking my obvious wariness. Frowning, I crawled across the cave to his side. He placed his arms around my waist and drew me into him. With my back to his chest, he wrapped his arms around me. 
“What are you doing?” I asked, feeling slightly breathless. He smelled good, so very good. 
“You’re cold.” 
I was, and he was warm. Forcing myself to relax, I sank into his body and closed my eyes. Thane rested his chin on the top of my head. I tried not to think about the intimacy of the moment. He was merely attempting to keep me warm, nothing else. 
“I started to have my suspicions that first day on the island,” he said. “Your grandfather was incredibly intelligent but he wasn’t a leader. I confronted him only last night and he admitted the truth.” I liked the way his voice rumbled through his chest, almost like a cat purring. “Jane, we have the serum, but you must consider the fact that your grandfather, although I’m sure you have feelings for him, wasn’t exactly right in his mind. Living alone…it does things to a person. I’m not sure how much of what he’s told us we can believe.”
A cold breeze swept into the cave on the scent of rain and mildew, making me shiver. Thane tightened his arms around me. I didn’t complain. “You’re saying he was crazy?”
“Maybe a little.” 
“Well, he’s dead now. He’s…nothing.”
He didn’t respond and the only noise was the patter of rain outside and soft thump of his heart against my back. I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping the old man had died quickly. He might have been insane, but he didn’t deserve to be torn apart, tortured. 
“I never did find out who had brought him his supplies from the mainland. It’s obvious someone was visiting him.” 
“I don’t know but I have my suspicions it was the real Raven.”
I frowned, intrigued by the idea. “So you truly think he’s out there somewhere and knew my grandfather?”
“I do.” 
I was quiet for a few minutes, mulling over the idea. 
“Let me see your wound.”
I hesitated for the briefest of moments, but I knew he wouldn’t be denied. With a sigh, I pulled away from him and reached for my shoulder. “Your friends went crazed when they fed. You won’t…”
“What?” His breath was warm against my neck. “Go insane when I see the blood?”
I nodded, ignoring the shiver that swept down my spine. That dream I’d had the first morning on the island almost a week ago rushed back to mind. The memory of Thane’s kiss had been too good to be true. Was too good to be true. I might be attracted to him, but he’d never indicated he liked me that way. 
“I think I can manage to control myself,” he said wryly. 
I wasn’t quite sure if I should be offended or not. I pulled down the neckline of my shirt, exposing my upper arm. The towel kept the blood from flowing, but it still hurt whenever I moved. He leaned forward and I had to resist the urge to flinch. His face was close to mine, so very close. I wondered for a brief moment if his kiss would be anything like that dream. 
“Seems okay. I don’t smell any infection.” 
I pulled the shirt back into place, suddenly feeling too warm. “And yours?”
“I’m fine.”
“I saw the blood.”
He leaned back against the cave wall. “It’s healed. We heal faster than normal, which is why you have to kill a beautiful one instantly. If you merely wound them, they’ll live.”
“Good to know.” But I didn’t believe him. He was exactly the sort of man who would act tough while suffering in silence, and I needed him in shape. “Take off your shirt.”
He quirked a dark brow. “Excuse me?”
“I want to see the injury.”
 “I told you—”
“Just do it to appease me.” 
Almost as if on a dare, he reached for the hem of his shirt. Slowly, he lifted the material, pulling it over his head. Those muscles and old scars would not deter me; I was intent on seeing only the wound. I scooted closer and peered at his side, but there was only a small line marking the taunt skin.  
“How did you get the scars?” I asked. 
“One for every ten minutes I denied them,” he whispered.
“What do you mean?”
He paused and I thought for sure he would ignore my question. “I had feelings for a servant a long time ago. A human. When the beautiful ones found out, Bacchus cut me every ten minutes until I swore allegiance.”
At least twenty scars marked his skin. The image of Thane covered in blood came quickly to mind. A terrifying image. I felt for the man much, much more than I wanted to. “Anyone would have given in.”
“The pain didn’t do me in.”
Surprised, I lifted my gaze to him. “What did?”  
“They threatened to do the same to her.”
“Oh.” I felt ill. His face was in the shadows, so hard to read. “But Bacchus killed her.”
He shrugged. “Drunken fools, not Bacchus. Death is a constant threat when you serve them.”
We fell silent. I could tell he didn’t want to speak about it any longer. All he’d suffered and she’d died anyway. I pushed aside the depressing thought and focused on the small scar where he’d been wounded. 
“Amazing,” I whispered, awed by the way the wound had healed so quickly. Slowly, I reached out, drawing my fingers over his stomach. Just a small scar. I didn’t miss the way his muscles jumped. And it was as his body reacted to my touch that I realized just how intimate our situation was. I jerked my attention upward, meeting his gaze. 
Was it my imagination or did his eyes glow slightly? 
My hand still rested at his side, his body warm under my touch, and I couldn’t move, couldn’t pull away. The cave seemed suddenly stifling, too hot, too small. I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t breathe this close to him. Frantic, I shoved away, dug my heels into the ground and fled out of the cave opening. Rain fell, trailing down my face and blinding me as I slipped and stumbled down the hill. But only outside did I calm down. Resting against a tree, I closed my eyes as the cold drops pattered against my face and arms. Relief. 
I’d almost kissed him. I’d so wanted to lean into him and press my mouth to his, and that would have been horrifying. I could imagine his shocked outrage, his flushing embarrassment as he gently told me that he didn’t think of me in that sort of way. I suddenly understood how Tom felt. 
A shiver hot and cold whispered over my body. I opened my eyes to see Thane kneeling there in the opening of the cave, watching me. Should I apologize? Pretend as if nothing had happened? Slowly, he stood and started toward me, his steps sure and unhurried. 
But as he came closer, I found I couldn’t speak at all. There was something in his gaze that held me captive, completely under his control. He paused only a breath away, so close the heat from his body soaked into my chilled form, urging me near. Slowly, ever so slowly, he cupped the sides of my face and lowered his mouth to mine. He was only the second man to kiss me, but this was different than the first. So very different. Whereas Will had been gentle, soft, chaste, Thane was hard, demanding. His body was a wall of stone that pressed me up against the tree. With a growl, he gripped the back of my neck and tilted my head, the pressure of his mouth on mine increasing. 
I wrapped my arms around his neck and parted my lips. I couldn’t get enough of him. This wasn’t my dream…this was better than my dream. My mind was not muddled, confused, it was fully present and nothing mattered but him. 
My lip scraped against something sharp. The coppery taste of blood swept across my tongue. Shocked, I jerked back. His eyes glowed, glittering in the dull light, his breath coming out in harsh pants that matched my own. I could see the brilliant smear of my blood across is bottom lip. My heart pounded erratically, terror fighting with need. I suddenly found my knees weak, although I wasn’t sure if it was from seeing my blood on his lips or from the actual kiss. 
“Go. Get some rest.” He untangled my arms from around his neck and stepped back. 
“Thane,” I whispered, feeling I had to say something. “I—”
“Go.” He turned, his back to me, his shoulders stiff, his hands fisted at his sides. “I’ll keep watch.”
For a moment I just stood there staring at his broad shoulders. I wanted to say something, felt we needed to talk, but what would we say? 
Slowly, I made my way back up the hill and toward the cave. When I reached the entrance, I dared to glance over my shoulder. Thane was gone. For some reason I felt lonelier than I’d ever felt before. I knelt and crawled back into the darkness, taking comfort in the shadows. It was obvious Thane regretted that kiss but I didn’t. How could I when it had rivaled any kiss in any of the books I’d ever read? 
I settled there on the blanket that my grandfather had packed in our bag and watched the opening of the cave, waiting for Thane to return. He didn’t. 
As the minutes ticked by and the soft patter of rain lulled me to sleep, I wondered if this time he had left for good.  

****

I woke up alone to the sound of rain. The sun had yet to rise and a crescent moon glowed eerily outside, making the cave glisten silver and gray. My body was chilly and stiff, and my clothing still damp, but I could tell I had slept for hours for my mind felt clear once more. 
As I looked around the empty cave I had a feeling Thane hadn’t returned at all. Concerned and confused, I pressed my hands into the dirt and sat up. It took a moment for my aching body to catch up with my mind, and another moment to realize that the sound I heard outside wasn’t the sound of rain pattering against leaves after all, but the sound of laughter floating up the hill. I frowned, confused. Who? Had Will arrived? 
That thought had me surging out of the cave, my heart hammering. But the area was dark and quiet. I paused, listening, searching the trees. Nothing. Bemused, I started down the hill. Where was Thane? The sudden bark of laughter had me stilling. No laughter I recognized. I knelt behind the tree where Thane and I had kissed. Below, near a shallow creek, I could see dark forms racing through the water, up and down the side’s the bank. Were they playing some sort of game? The moon was bright, but I was too far away to identify the culprits. I sat there in indecision, trying to decide if they were enemy or friend. Suddenly the men parted and a woman in a white dress stood in the middle of their circle. 
“Please! Please let me go!” she begged. 
That white dress glowing in the moonlight told me everything I needed to know. An escaped chosen one. My heart leapt into my throat, fear bitter on my tongue. The beautiful ones surrounded her in a nightmarish childhood game. Memories of that night in the castle came flooding back. Me, in my own white gown. Thane forcing me to jump…hitting the water.
“Help me!” she screamed.  
I jerked from my memory. 
“She’ll taste delicious,” someone crowed. 
My body went cold. Oh God, they were going to kill her. I started to surge forward when a steel arm wrapped around my waist and jerked me back into an equally hard body. I recognized Thane’s scent immediately. 
His hand clamped across my lips. “Shhh. Quiet. They’ll hear you.” 
I swallowed hard over the lump of fear clogging my throat and somehow managed to nod. I knew better than to scream and draw their attention. He released his hand from my mouth, but didn’t remove his arm from around my waist. And I was thankful for his presence, even more so for his comforting touch.  
“I was watching them when I saw you leave the cave,” he explained, his gaze pinned to the scenery below. They were pushing her back and forth, as if she was a ball they might play with. Her terrified screams ate at my conscience and I had to resist the urge to bolt down there. 
“How many are there?” I asked. 
“Five.”
Five. Could Thane take five? Doubtful. And so far I’d been little help where the beautiful ones were concerned. Still, we had to try. Maybe my grandfather had been able to ignore the fact that innocent humans were being tortured and killed, but I couldn’t. “We have to do something.”
He sighed, his breath a warm caress across the side of my cheek. “I knew you’d say that. You’re injured, and as amazing as I am, I most likely can’t kill five blood drinkers on my own, while protecting you.”
In other words, yet again, we might die. “I can’t just leave her to be murdered.”
“I know you can’t.” 
Perhaps I should have taken that serum, but it was too late now. “Thane, you don’t have to—”
“Shhh.” He glanced back at the cave. “You stay in there, I’ll lure them away. I don’t care what happens, you stay put.”
I spun around to face him. We were close, so close I could see the glow in his eyes. “You’re joking, right?”
“Not at all.”
When I didn’t respond, merely glared up at him, he sighed again. “What do you suggest then? There is no reason for the both of us to die.” 
He fully expected to be killed. “I’ll…play the bait again, just like I did with my grandfather. Just like I did when we ran into those vampires in the woods weeks ago.” 
He frowned. “No, this is different. Not going to happen.”
“How is it different?”
“Because, I…” He trailed off, his jaw clenched. 
He made no sense. Why was he acting so strangely? “Thane, we have no other choice. It’s either use me as bait or I scream now.”
His jaw clenched, his gaze flashing with emotion. “I could stop you.”
“And I’d never forgive you.”
We sat there staring at each other for a long moment, a battle of wills, as the girl cried out for help below. Maybe I was an idiot, and I knew at some point I was going to have to put my own safety above another, but not now. Not yet. 
“Fine.”
I nodded even though my nerves flared. I’d left Sally. I’d left Jimmy. I couldn’t leave this woman too. “What do you want me to do?”
He pulled a pistol from his waist band, reached behind me and tucked it into the back of my trousers. “You’ll figure it out.” He stepped back. “Shoot them straight through the heart or head. And Jane, try not to shoot me.”
I fought my grin. “I thought you couldn’t die.”
“We can still feel the pain.”
“Big baby,” I got in before he blended into the darkness. 
Alone, I refocused on the group below. Thane was trusting me to take the lead, and I’d have to trust him to show up because I sure as heck couldn’t fight off five vampires on my own. But deep down I knew he would be there. He was always there for me. 
“Please, no!” the woman screamed. She’d somehow managed to break free and was stumbling through the creek, holding her skirts in a white cloud around her as she attempted to escape. Running would only feed their sick desires. 
I had to act fast. I jumped up, skidding and slipping down the muddy hill. “Stop!” I cried out. “Let her go!”
They turned immediately toward me. Five faces of pure beauty, glowing eyes, and steel bodies. Within that very moment they could have killed me. But they didn’t just kill to kill. No, to them it was a game and if they could taunt the prey, only better. 
“Let her go,” I repeated, pretty proud when my voice didn’t quiver. 
One vampire chuckled, separating himself from the group and trudging through the shallow creek toward me. “You want to save her, rebel? Very well.” He looked at his friend who held her. “Give her back.”
He shoved the woman toward me. I caught her when she stumbled, her weight heavy as she leaned into me. That was easy. Too easy. I knew better than to trust them. “Don’t worry,” I whispered. “We’ve got a plan.” 
The woman whimpered in my arms, so afraid, she couldn’t even respond. She smelled of overly perfumed rose soap and sweat, the noxious odor reminding me of that night at the castle and making me ill. She was exactly how I had been that day Thane had saved me. Helpless. Terrified. Alone. 
“Please,” the vampire said, spreading his arms wide. “Do leave. We shouldn’t want to hold you up.” 
“Let’s go,” the blonde haired woman whispered urgently. She was leaning into me with all her weight, making it hard for me to walk. She trusted them, silly girl. I knew better. But maybe, just maybe I could hold them back while she made a dash for it. 
“Can you run?” 
She looked up at me with wide, tear-filled eyes. “Y…yes.”
“Okay. When I count to three, you’re going to run. I’ll hold them back.”
She nodded. Hell, the woman actually thought I was going to get us out of this mess alive. Even if they focused on me I had no doubt they would track her down within moments. Still, we had to try. “One, two, three.”
Gripping her skirts she darted around me. At the same time I reached for the pistol and stepped back…right on the hem of her gown. I knew in that moment we were utterly ruined. We both ended up falling to the ground. The pistol flew from my hand, out of reach. Suddenly we were surrounded. 
“Well, what can I say,” one vampire replied with a shrug. “We gave you a chance.” 
I had only a split second. As he dropped toward me, I pulled the dagger strapped to my thigh and shoved it upward. He fell onto the knife. It had worked before and it worked this time. Thank the skies. With a cry, he stumbled back. I pulled the knife free, remembering what Thane had said. I had to make sure he would die. But how? I doubted the others would wait patiently by while I sawed of their friend’s head with my dagger.  
Before I could react, I was pulled upright, held tight against a hard body, while the damsel in distress was grabbed by another vampire. “You’ll pay for that, rebel.”
Frantic, I searched the dark shadows. Come on, Thane. Where are you? 
“Please,” the woman cried out. “I wasn’t going to harm you. I didn’t want to attack.” 
Unbelievable. I slid her a glare, annoyed. Was she actually blaming me for this after I’d tried to save her? If she’d run like I’d said, she could have had a chance. Knowing how my fear would only feed them, I decided to play tough. “Let us go and we won’t kill you.”
The vampire laughed, his sweet breath wafting over me. Not Thane’s scent, no. This man’s was noxious. “You do amuse me. Pan, what do you say? Shall I keep her as a pet? She could be fun.”
A shiver raced through me. The thought of being held captive under his power sickened me. I’d die before I’d be imprisoned again. 
“Only if I can play with her too,” Pan replied. 
The girl in the white dress whimpered and I had to resist the urge to tell her to shut up. Damn, Thane had been right. We should have run when we’d had the chance. 
“Too much work,” the man holding me said. “You have to feed them, water them…exhausting. I’d rather just kill them now.” His lips pulled back and long, thin canines glistened in the moonlight. “So much easier and instant gratification.” 
“I didn’t mean I would kill you,” I snapped, trying to delay my impending demise. “I meant my friend would.”
“What? Her?” Pan lifted the girl in the white dress, holding her up like a prize while she screamed and thrashed her legs, making her skirts billow around her. If I could have slapped her, I would have. 
The rest of the group broke out laughing. All but one. The man who stood back, watching with a smile of amusement. It was obvious he was the leader; his relaxed stance said as much. As his gaze met mine, something shifted deep within. Something that told me this wasn’t right. Suddenly I had the oddest feeling they’d used her as bait to draw us out. 
“Good God,” their leader drawled. “Feed already, this is growing boring.” 
“No,” I interrupted. “I don’t mean her.” I glanced at the girl in the white dress. “I mean my other friend, the one who is stalking you even now.”
I hoped. 
Their laughter tapered off as everyone looked around. The woods grew silent. Even their leader looked uneasy. 
“She’s bluffing,” the man who held me said, tightening his hold around my waist and making me grimace. My injured shoulder was pressed tightly against his hard chest. If the wound broke open and he smelled the blood, I was as good as dead. 
“Am I bluffing?”
“I’d say yes,” Pan replied, dropping the girl and letting her crumble to the ground in a pool of trembling white material. “Feed off her now.” 
“Very well.” 
I tried to move, but my arms were pinned to my side. Just as I saw him lower his head from the corner of my eye, I heard the soft swoosh of a bow. The arrow whistled by my nose and pierced the vampire holding me through his throat. The vampire cried out, stumbling back. Another arrow hit him in the chest. He went down with a thud, leaving me fumbling to regain my balance. 
The relief I felt was immediate. Thane had arrived. Frantic, I studied the forest, but I couldn’t see him. Judging by the direction of the arrows he was north. 
Only four vampires remained. Their gazes darted from us to the woods, as if they couldn’t decide what to focus on. 
“Who are you?” Pan cried out. 
“Merely a dhampir,” Thane said as he stepped out from behind a tree, bow raised. He shot the man through the heart, then within a blink he’d turned and shot another. 
“Traitor,” their leader hissed. 
“That’s right.” Thane let the arrow go. It hit the man in the eye. “I am.” 
The last vampire raced forward so fast I could barely see him. He hit Thane hard and they both flew back a good ten feet. Everything happened so quickly, I barely had time to think. Thane hit a tree, his head cracking against the trunk. The bow he held tumbled from his hand and into the brush. 
I stumbled toward the area where my gun had fallen. “Where is it?” I demanded of the girl laying in a white, satin puddle. But she merely only sat there whimpering. Big help. 
Desperate, I shuffled my hands around until I found the cold metal. Grasping it firmly, I pointed the pistol at Thane and the monster he fought. Pull the trigger. Just pull the trigger. But they were rolling around so quickly I couldn’t tell one from the other. The sun burst above the horizon, brilliantly, blindingly bright. 
“Shoot!” Thane demanded, right before the vampire hit him in the face. 
I cringed. “I might shoot you.”
Thane stumbled upright and threw his fist forward, connecting with the man’s jaw. “I’ll heal.” 
“Shoot him,” the girl in the white dress hissed. 
And so I pulled the trigger. The bullet hit the vampire, flying cleanly through his torso. He wasn’t the only one who gasped. When Thane stumbled back, falling to his knees, I realized the shot had hit him as well. 
“No!” I screamed, running to him. 
“Jane,” Thane seethed through clenched teeth, as he pressed his hand to his gut. “Shoot him in the head!”
I stopped and jerked my gaze toward the vampire who sat in the weeds, bleeding. His lips lifted as he growled at me. “You think you can win, human?” 
I swallowed hard. My hand trembled, but I couldn’t do it. For some reason, I couldn’t shoot him in the head while he stared up at me. What was wrong with me? Suddenly Thane was standing, his right hand pressed to his wounded stomach. He snatched the gun from my fingers and pulled the trigger. The blast sent a flock of birds screeching into the air. 
Cringing, I looked away. 
Truth was I took no glory in witnessing their deaths. Truth was I grew tired of the fighting, the blood, the battle. I could hear the thump of the vampire’s body hitting the ground and knew we had survived yet again…thanks to Thane. Instead of focusing on the dead and dying surrounding me, I left them to Thane and made my way to the woman who was sobbing on the ground. 
As much as the sight of her disgusted me, I also knew that I was her only a little over a month ago. And so I kept my tone soothing, my hands gentle. “It’s going to be okay.”
Around us two vampires were dead, the other two laying there moaning in pain. I knew what this chosen one was thinking…what sort of world was this? Believe me, I understood the terror in her eyes, the confusion, and even anger. I reached out and took her hand, helping her to her feet. 
From the corner of my eye, I noticed Thane move toward the two vampires who still lived. He lifted the bow and pointed it at the first monster. The arrow struck his head. Then to make sure, Thane raised the bow and pointed it at the vampire’s chest. 
The woman in the white dress suddenly showed some spirit and spit toward the body. Her reaction surprised and confused me. I’d never known a chosen one to have so much bitterness. Not even I had been this angry. Had she been a servant forced to endure years of torture? 
“You think you are going to get away with this, dhampir?” the last vampire alive lay on the ground, his glowing gaze pinned to Thane. His hatred was almost palpable. “There’s a bounty on your head, Thanatos. And we will hunt you down, just as we do the humans.”
Startled, I glanced at Thane, trying to read the truth in his eyes. Thane lifted his bow and shot. So, they had known each other. Thane didn’t seem in the least bit upset that he’d just killed an acquaintance. But then I expected nothing less. Still his lack of emotion worried me at times. Was it normal? 
The girl whimpered, drawing my attention back to her. 
“It’s over,” I promised. 
For now. Until the next attack. 
But apparently I didn’t offer the comfort she needed for she ignored me, and stumbled to her feet just as Thane arrived, bow in hand. For a brief moment I thought he’d frightened her. But no, she launched herself at him and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck. 
“Thank you!” Her sobs came out pretty and delicate, just like her. “Thank you.” 
Shocked, I merely stood there staring at them. Anger and annoyance fought for control, a feeling I’d never experienced before. I found it odd that a woman who had been attacked by a group of beautiful ones would so willingly give herself over to Thane, someone half vampire. Yes, I trusted him to protect me from the beautiful ones, but that didn’t mean I had at first. Perhaps she’d been brought up in the castle. Maybe she was much more trusting than myself. 
Or perhaps, just perhaps, something was incredibly wrong here. 


Chapter 16


“I’m not sure how much longer I can walk.” Susan, the woman we had saved, stumbled down the hill, her face pale with exhaustion. 
Susan. A simple name for a woman who was anything but simple. She was beautiful. Much prettier than any human I’d ever seen. Elegant, flirtatious, needy…I hated her. 
As she stumbled for the second time Thane was there, sliding his arm around her waist and pulling her close. I paused as they paused, trailing behind as I had been for the hours we’d been hiking. 
Three days of hiking with Susan had me desperately wishing we hadn’t saved her. She whined. A lot. She hung on Thane. A lot. He, though, didn’t seem to find her annoying. He merely helped her along, being much more patient and kinder to her than he’d ever been with me. If this was how he’d been around his girlfriend, it wasn’t surprising that she had fallen for him. 
I didn’t know this charming, blatantly caring Thane. In fact, he made me downright uncomfortable. And I wasn’t jealous…at least that’s what I told myself. But the burning pit of hatred I felt in my chest every time she batted her lashes up at him wasn’t indigestion. 
“Can we stop, please?” She gazed up at him in adoration, flickering her lashes like she had something caught in her eye. No, I wasn’t jealous. I merely found the way she acted odd. I’d seen women do it before when they were attracted to a man. Did she liked Thane? But how? Why? She barely knew him. 
I watched them as he led her toward a large rock along the creek we were following. “Sit, rest.”
He’d never been that gentle with me. I frowned. Annoyed, and yes, maybe jealous…I wasn’t sure. Dropping my pack to the ground, I plopped down next to a tree. If Thane wanted to baby her, fine. It would only get her killed later on. Whatever happened to the tough love Will had shown me? Apparently Thane didn’t believe in that. I pulled my dagger from its sheath and picked up a stick, carving at the end until I made a little spear. And then I started on another one merely to keep busy. 
“Let me see the hem of your dress.” Without her permission, Thane picked up the skirt of Susan’s gown and pulled out his dagger. Carefully, he cut around the edge, shortening the material. “Should be easier to walk.”
How sweet of him. I glared at them from under my lashes. Utterly ridiculous. What was wrong with him? Why was he acting this way? And if she looked at him with that stupid grin one more time I just might be forced to use one of the spears I’d carved. 
A sharp pain sliced through the tip of my finger. Gasping, I jerked the knife away. Sure enough, I’d cut my finger. “Damn,” I hissed. 
Thane looked my way. So, I had to injure myself to get his attention. I didn’t bother to mention the cut, he’d probably smell the blood anyway. Instead, I tore my gaze from him and searched the satchel for a strip of cloth. I, unlike Susan, could take care of myself. Well, most of the time.  
“Oh my.” She actually blushed. “I’ve never shown my ankles before.”
I rolled my eyes as I wrapped the material around my finger. Oh my, I’ve never shown my ankles before.
Nausea had me gagging. No one was that needy, were they? I paused. Good god, had I been that bad? The thought had me jerking my gaze toward them. 
“You’ll get used to it.” Thane smiled. A kind, warm smile that he’d certainly never used on me. Who was this man? “I’ll get you something to drink.” 
He took the tin cup from his bag and headed toward the creek. All the while she watched him go, her gaze not daring to leave his back. “He’s beautiful. I wasn’t expecting him to be so stunning.” 
Wow, wait. Expecting him? What did that mean? 
“What compound did you say you were from?” I asked, trying to sound casual. 
“Do they have names?” She frowned, shaking her pretty blonde head. “This is all so new to me.”
Maybe Thane didn’t like dark hair and eyes. Maybe he only found women with blonde hair to be attractive. Had his girlfriend had blonde hair? “Yet, you’re handling it all very well.”
She shrugged, blinking her eyes innocently at me. “We must be strong.”
“Right.” Her comment annoyed me more than I wanted to admit because I knew very well I hadn’t been strong. No, I’d lost it. Shame and confusion had me standing and following Thane. As he knelt by the creek, so did I, pretending I was merely scooping up water in my hand to splash at my sweaty face. “I don’t trust her.”
Thane didn’t bother to look at me, merely drank the water, and then dipped the cup, rinsing it. “Why?” 
I fumbled, trying to come up with a reason other than I don’t like the way she looks at you. “She…she’s too…too clingy.” 
He slid me a glance. Was that amusement in his eyes? “Clingy?”
Frustrated, I surged to my feet. “We don’t know where she came from. Don’t know how she got here.”
“They released her, obviously.” He shrugged and stood. “From what she told me she worked in the kitchens, serving the king because she’s beautiful. If there’s one thing Dionysus likes, it’s a pretty face.” 
Wait a minute…he thought she was beautiful? 
“They released her because it was sport for them. According to her, they let her out just so they could hunt.”
I shivered at the thought. Still, it didn’t make my thoughts toward the woman any sweeter. “Okay, but why is she so clingy toward you?”
He quirked a brow and faced me fully. “What are you implying, Jane?”
I’d always liked the way he said my name. Whispered, breathless, like a word he didn’t quite understand. “Nothing.” I peeked over my shoulder. She was watching us, pouting, as if annoyed we were taking so long. Was she thirsty, or merely wanted Thane back within her grasp? “It’s just that when I first met you….” I focused on his cool, hard gaze and swallowed over the lump of nervousness clogging my throat. There was no backing out now. “When I met you, I didn’t exactly trust you because I thought you were one of them.”
“And so she must think it too,” he said dryly. 
“Anyone would, right?” I shrugged, hoping I hadn’t offended him. “I just think we should be careful. Remember what my grandfather said? He thought I was a pawn, you were using me to draw him out. And we were.”
He lowered and dipped the cup into the stream. “Or maybe you’re just jealous.”
I released a harsh laugh, even as I felt the flush of embarrassment race to my cheeks. “Excuse me?”
He stood more slowly this time. “Jealous. She needs me. And you don’t like that.”
“What?” I whispered, stepping closer to make sure she didn’t overhear. “Are you serious?”
He shrugged and walked away, but not before I saw the laughter in his eyes. Stunned, I could only stand there and watch as he knelt and handed her the cup. She took it, smiling gratefully up at him. I wanted to shove him away. I wanted to push her in the creek. Maybe I was jealous. But maybe, just maybe I had a reason to be. After all, he had kissed me, hadn’t he? And now some whimpering female showed up and suddenly I was day-old bread?
A sharp whistle pierced the sky, startling us. I spun around, turning toward the sound, hope blooming within my chest. I knew that call well. “Will?” 
I raced up the hill just as Will, Kelly and Tony crested the peak. 
“Will!” I didn’t pause, but threw my arms around his neck, hugging him. He smelled like warmth and earth and comfort. When I pulled back, he was grinning. I’d been gone for almost two weeks, and I swore he looked different in some way, although I couldn’t quite put my finger on what. 
He brushed his knuckles down the side of my face. “You survived.”
I grinned back. “Barely.” I turned my attention to Kelly. “How did you guys get away?”
She reached out and I hugged her, holding her close. In that moment I knew she wasn’t the traitor. Call me delusional, but I swore I could sense it. I knew Kelly and she would never betray anyone. Especially not Jimmy. 
“It wasn’t an attack.” Tony glared at me, as if knowing full well I lied. “Thane made a mistake.”
“Really?” I said, feigning shock. 
I heard the crunch of vegetation as Thane and Susan appeared. Good, let him deal with Tony’s suspicion. No surprise, Susan was clinging to his side like a tick on a rabbit. Had her bodice always hung that low? I frowned, looking away from her cleavage in disgust.  
 “Will.” Thane nodded in greeting. He didn’t bother to say hello to Kelly or Tony, but then he rarely had. Oddly enough, they didn’t seem offended.  
“Thane.” Will’s gaze flickered to Susan. “Who is this?”
The weariness I saw there put me at ease and validated my own feelings. Will, at least, would understand my reservations. “She’s a chosen one. We found her being hunted in the woods.” 
“Please,” Susan whispered, stumbling toward Will, her skirts bunched in her arms, showing much more than her ankles, although she didn’t seem shy now about exposing her body. “Please don’t make me go back there.” 
She fell into him with a sob and I knew Thane wasn’t the only one she was trying to manipulate. And by the softening on Will’s face, he too, was falling for her charms. 
I must have grimaced for Kelly caught my gaze and frowned. When she nodded toward the woman in silent question, I realized she was thinking the same thing as me. Who was this girl and why was she being so forward? I shook my head. I’d find her later and explain. 
Will stood there awkwardly, but eventually brought his arms up and patted her on the back. And there it was….the look in his eyes told me he had fallen for her as well. “Of course we won’t make you leave.”
Kelly inched her way closer. “Who is she?” 
“Susan.” I frowned as Will led her up the hill, his arm still around her, Thane and Tony following. Tony would be next, no doubt, and then she’d have them all within her greedy grasp. 
“And do we like her?”
I flushed, embarrassed. Was I that obvious? “Why do they do that?”
She slid her arm through mine and we started up the hill. Although she didn’t trust the woman either, I didn’t miss the amusement in her dark gaze. She, too, thought I was jealous. “Do what?”
“Just…let her fall all over them like that. Those first two weeks Will told me to get off my ass and fight more than once.”
“Not at first,” she said fairly. “He babied you that first week.”
I brushed aside a low-hanging branch, annoyed because she was right. They had set up a small camp at the top of the hill, a mere clearing with their packs settled in a circle. Almost two months ago had I been just like Susan? The thought made me ill. Maybe, just maybe, I didn’t like Susan not because she was clingy, but because she represented all that I had been. Pathetic. Weak.    
“Will and Thane…they can’t resist a girl in need,” Kelly added as we watched them help Susan to a spot near a fallen log. “Their lives revolve around saving people.”
Her words left me cold. Would Will set me aside for Susan? I no longer needed him. He had a new pet. Perhaps that’s why most of the girls had been so cold toward me when I’d first arrived almost two months ago. I hesitated on the outskirts of the camp, my mind spinning. Surely he wasn’t that shallow. But as I watched him hand her some dried fruit, not once glancing my way, I wondered if maybe I had misjudged him. 
“We were worried,” Kelly said, forcing my attention back to her. “I’m so glad you’ve returned.” 
I gave her a tight smile. “Me too.”
I tried to stay focused on Kelly but all too soon my attention was riveted back on the camp. I watched as Will settled Susan on some bedding and Thane brought her more water. Tony had disappeared to the creek but Will and Thane were focused completely on Susan. I certainly hadn’t expected this when I’d dreamt of our reunion. 
Kelly slid her arm around my waist and gave me a sympathetic squeeze. “It will be okay.” 
I forced myself to smile back. She was right. Things could be much, much worse, I realized as Tony returned to camp. I could be Kelly and in love with a traitor. 


****

“You’re saying,” Will whispered, as if worried we’d be overheard. “If we inject this serum into our blood stream, they won’t be able to ingest it? We’ll be safe?” 
“We hope,” Thane replied. 
“My god,” Kelly whispered. “We could save everyone. The entire world.” 
I pressed my hand to my neckline, feeling Tom’s wooden rose beneath my shirt, needing the reassurance. Will seemed shocked, Kelly overjoyed, but I couldn’t quite read Tony’s reaction. He merely sat there on the outskirts of camp, watching us all, barely saying a word. To me it was so obvious he was the traitor that I could hardly stand to sit there and do nothing. Why hadn’t Thane told Will? And I knew Will didn’t know, for he wore his feelings on his face and he still treated Tony like a friend. 
“The attacks have been getting worse,” Will said softly, almost as if talking to himself. “More hunting parties.” 
Susan…she merely sat there sipping her cup of water, asking sweetly for help every once in a while. And of course the guys would jump to do her bidding. Tony, who normally looked out only for himself, had even helped her to the creek earlier. The fear I’d seen on her face during the attack was gone. She seemed oddly content instead of traumatized. How could they not think her actions strange? 
“It’s unbelievable,” Kelly said, shaking her head. “It could all end within weeks…days. The fear, the running, the death.” 
Everyone was quiet, as if letting the realization sink in fully. I wondered what would have happened if only someone had had the courage to find my grandfather earlier. Would Jimmy still be alive? My mother? My father? 
Thane reached into the bag at his feet and pulled out a syringe. The amber liquid glowed under the brilliant light from the setting sun. It was hard to believe that little bottle would save us all. At the same time, the liquid worried me. What was in there, and could we trust my grandfather? 
Will’s gaze shifted to me. “Have you tried it?”
I shook my head. I wasn’t sure why. We hadn’t exactly had time, what with running for our lives and all. Still, if I’d wanted to I could have found a moment. Thane hadn’t brought it up, and during the past two days, although I’d thought about it, I hadn’t been ready to trust the serum, or my grandfather. 
“I’ll be the first.” Will rolled up his sleeve, surprising us all. “Give it to me.”
“Will,” I said, startled by how quickly he was ready to jump in. “My grandfather was insane. What if it’s not ready yet? Or what if it makes you ill? If we find Raven, the real Raven, he might be able to help.”
“And by then it could be too late. It’s a chance I’m willing to take.” He glanced at Kelly. “Will you?”
She nodded and moved across the camp. Thane handed her the syringe as she swept by. I watched him, hoping he might intervene, but as always, Thane said nothing, allowing the others to make their own fate. 
I shifted to my knees, growing nervous as Kelly settled next to Will. “You don’t know what will happen.” 
“Exactly,” he said. “I will be the test rat here. I won’t allow it to be anyone else.”
Will, always the hero, forever a leader. Kelly lifted the syringe, tapped it a couple times and lowered it toward his arm. We all watched while she slowly slid the needle through his skin. Just like that the liquid drained from the syringe and into his body. 
“Any idea of side effects?” Will asked. 
Thane shook his head. “We know as much as you.” 
The vial empty, Kelly pulled the needle from Will’s arm. We sat there in silence, knowing that my Grandfather could have been insane. Knowing it might not work. Knowing it could make things worse. Will tightened his hand into a fist. A tiny drop of blood rested on his forearm where the needle had pierced the flesh. It was the only indication the needle had been there.
Will looked at Thane. “Can you sense anything different?”
He shook his head. 
“Maybe you have to actually try the blood,” Kelly suggested. 
“No thanks,” Thane said dryly. 
Will gave us all a hesitant smile. “Well, I’m going to wash.” 
He surged to his feet and started downhill toward the creek, most likely wanting to get away from our curious gazes. I didn’t miss the way Susan watched him go. It wasn’t enough that she had Thane’s interest, she had to have Will too? 
Unable to stand still any longer, I jumped to my feet, ignored Thane’s piercing attention, and followed Will. I needed to know his thoughts, needed to understand my own feelings. “Hey, can we talk?”
Will was already at the creek by the time I caught up to him. He didn’t seem surprised to see me. He didn’t exactly seem welcome either. “Sure.” He knelt by the water and splashed some on his face, then arms, cleaning the skin. I thought about those two times he had held me, pressed his mouth to mine. It had been only weeks ago but it felt like years. A memory of a dream I wasn’t quite sure was real or not.  
“Will?” I could have sworn he was avoiding eye contact. “You feel okay?”
“Pretty normal. I haven’t grown an extra limb or anything, have I?”
I smiled. “No. You look fine.”
Of course we had no idea what would eventually happen but it was too late to voice my concern. “Listen, it’s about Susan.”
He stood, frowning, and raked back his damp hair. “What about her?”
“I don’t trust her, and I don’t think we should talk about the serum around her.”
Will sighed, settling on a boulder that had somehow ended up alongside the creek. As out of place in this landscape as I felt at times. “Jane, people didn’t trust you when you first arrived.”
“Yeah, but I wasn’t in everyone’s business either. I was out of it. Insane. And you certainly never shared anything this important with me.”
He glanced back at the hill where everyone still sat. The setting sun was bright, highlighting their faces in an ethereal glow. Soon the moon would be full again. Which meant more people would die. Would it be my sister’s time to be chosen? As if sensing Will’s gaze, Susan turned and smiled at him. She was pretty. Really pretty. Is that why Thane and Will liked her so much? Were guys really that shallow? Tony stood and left the group and I wondered briefly where he was headed.  
I switched my attention to Will and saw that he was smiling back. The flush upon his cheeks had nothing to do with the heat of the day and everything to do with Susan. I looked away, annoyed, unsure what I was feeling and why. Yeah, maybe I was jealous. But what it really boiled down to was that I just didn’t trust her. 
“She’s fine,” Will said, scooping up a pebble and throwing it into the creek, watching it skip across the water. “She’s been through an ordeal, yet is thriving.”
In other words, doing better than I had. “Yeah, that’s why I don’t trust her. Who goes through that much? Sees that much death, feels that sort of fear and comes out smiling?”
“Maybe she just feels safe here with me.” He looked away, the flush on his face darkening. “With us. All of us, I mean.”
His slip angered me. “Kelly was right, you need to save people.” I hadn’t meant to say the words, but once they were out I didn’t regret them. “Don’t you?”  
He straightened, his gaze flashing with annoyance. I’d hit on the truth and he knew it. “Excuse me?”
I glared back at him. “First me, and now her? Kelly said you have this need to save people, but I didn’t want to believe her. You don’t even see what’s right in front of you, Will, because you’re blinded by your need to be her hero. She can’t be trusted.”
“Enough,” he hissed, his anger stinging more than I wanted to admit. “I take care of her like I do all of my people.”
His people? “And is that what I am to you? Just one of your people? Another person you saved, another burden?”
His face softened. “I didn’t say that.”
“Maybe you didn’t need to.” 
He narrowed his gaze as he shook his head, attempting to make sense of my comments. I knew he was confused, but I wasn’t sure how to explain, or even if I wanted to. “Is this jealousy? Is that what this is?”
“Honestly, maybe it was at first. But now, no. Now its disappointment. I guess I just expected more from you.” I started to turn away; sad, lost, but knowing I had to get away from him, from Susan, from Tony, and even Thane. I needed to think, to try and decipher my strange and new emotions. 
“Jane.” Will followed me alongside the creek. “We need to talk.”
“About what?” I clambered over a pile of fallen logs that had ended up in a crevice between two hills, annoyed he had followed. “You made your position perfectly clear.”  
“I think maybe you’ve misunderstood our relationship.” 
 Angry, I spun around to face him, the pile of fallen trees separating us. “You kissed me.”
“I know.” He raked his hair back, obviously flustered. “And I do like you, Jane. More than I should. Much more than I should.”
I wasn’t sure if I should be happy about his admittance or not. Bemused, I rubbed my temples, my head suddenly pounding. I didn’t understand, but then I’d never had a boyfriend. Were they always this frustrating? “Okay, and the problem?”
“The problem is that we don’t have time in this world for relationships.”
“Kelly and Tony do.”
“Yeah, but they’re not me. They don’t have the responsibility that I do.” He threw his arms wide. “Jane, I get it. You haven’t experienced much of real life. You don’t understand that sometimes it just doesn’t work out.”
What the hell was he talking about? “Bull, Will. You kissed me. You took care of me. You made me think you wanted some sort of relationship. Don’t you dare try to make me feel like I misinterpreted your actions.”
He took a step back. “I’m sorry, Jane, but I don’t want this. It’s too much right now. We have other things to worry about.”
The harshness of his words stabbed me. He certainly didn’t seem confused by Susan. But how could I argue? He was right. This insignificant relationship meant nothing in the bigger picture. “Fine.” I started to turn away. I need to bathe, wash away the heat of the day, wash away his words…something. “Do whatever you want.” 
“Will!” Kelly came racing down the hill. “It’s gone!”
I jumped atop the pile of logs and over onto the ground, landing next to Will, my heart hammering madly in my chest. “What’s gone?”
But even as I asked, I knew. Deep down I knew. 
“Susan,” she gasped. “The pack, the serum…gone!”
I jerked my gaze from her to Will. Good God, I’d been right. Will’s face went pale. Any other time I would have found his shock amusing. Gone. All of it gone, along with our hope. As much as I wanted to rub it in, I couldn’t because she’d taken the serum and our chance at a normal life. 
“She’s not the only one who has disappeared,” Thane said, moving down the hill. “Tony is gone as well.” 


Chapter 17

“You were right,” Kelly said, her eyes wide as she stared unblinkingly at me in confused bewilderment. “You knew not to trust her.” 
My heart ached for my friend. The truth had hit her hard. I knew the feeling well and wanted to reach out, I wanted to tell her it would be okay. But honestly, I wasn’t sure if it would. Perhaps the world would never be normal. Perhaps we’d always be scared for our lives, worried about the next day, constantly wondering who we could trust. 
“It doesn’t matter,” Will growled, obviously frustrated. “We need to find the serum now.” He started by Thane, but he reached out, grabbing Will’s arm and stopping him. 
“They don’t have the serum,” he said.  
Will jerked away. I’d never seen him so flustered, unsure. “What do you mean?”   
Thane dropped his pack, knelt and opened it. Inside was vial after vial of antidote. The same containers my grandfather had given us the day we escaped the island. “It’s here.”
I knew the shock on Will’s face mirrored my own. “But—”
“You believed me?” I interrupted, staring hard at Thane. Why had he made me think I was insane? A silly, jealous ninny? “You didn’t trust her either.”  
He shrugged, closed the bag, and stood. “Her arrival was too convenient.” 
Exactly what I had thought and said. Anger fought with relief. Why hadn’t he told me? But even as I thought the words the answer hit me…because he didn’t trust me. Thane, apparently, trusted no one. It hurt much, much more than I’d ever admit. 
“Damn,” Will snapped, pacing to the creek’s edge. “I should have known.” 
Kelly still stood there, staring blankly at me, lost in her own pain and confusion. She was waiting for answers I couldn’t give. None of us could. What made a person betray another? Fear? Anger? Greed? Emotions all too common in our world.  
“You’re right about one thing, Will,” Thane said. “We still need to go after Tony and Susan. We can’t allow them to reach Bacchus. They know too much.”
Thane threw his pack over his shoulders as we started up the hill. 
“You think Bacchus is behind this?” Will asked, falling into step beside Thane. “Damn it, why didn’t you tell me?”
Thane paused, but he didn’t respond and we all knew why. He didn’t trust Will. I had known it for some time and now they did as well. Will’s jaw clenched, his face flushing. Even as I felt bad for Will, I didn’t blame Thane. I wasn’t sure if I trusted Will either. 
“No,” Kelly interrupted. She hadn’t followed us but still stood near the creek. “Tony wouldn’t! He hates them! He loved me, he said so!” 
Her pain vibrated around us, raw and consuming. “Kelly.” 
I tried to reach out to her, but she spun around and paced alongside the creek. “No. Oh God.” 
She froze, tears streaming down her face. Why hadn’t I voiced my suspicions about Tony earlier on? Maybe if she hadn’t fallen so deeply for him, Kelly wouldn’t be taking this so hard. 
“He did it,” she whispered what we had already accepted. “He was responsible for all their deaths.” 
No one responded. My urge to comfort her fought with my need to stop Tony and Susan. “I’m sorry, Kelly.” 
“We need to go,” Will stated impatiently. “Tony knows our meeting points. And…” A telling flush colored his face. “I told Susan about them as well.” 
Kelly’s pain was all but forgotten. I wanted to ask him how he could be so stupid, but managed to keep my thoughts to myself. It didn’t matter. Nothing did. It was too late. We could only try to stop them now. 
Thane sighed and continued up the hill. “Then we definitely need to find them.” 
I raced after Thane, leaving Will and Kelly to follow. “What’s the plan?” 
“I’m heading northwest, you go northeast. I think they split. Yell if you find them, I’ll hear.” 
I nodded and we parted at the campsite. They were only a few minutes ahead of us. I had no doubt Thane would find them. I also realized he probably knew exactly where they were located and was sending me in the near opposite direction on purpose. Will had taught me to know the people around me. I might have misjudged Will, but I knew I hadn’t misjudged Thane and he would try to protect me. I didn’t head northeast, but headed north, hiking almost parallel to Thane. If they ran, I’d catch them. 
I felt Will behind me a moment before he whispered my name. “Jane.”
I didn’t look at him, but kept my gaze on the forest, my feet sure and steady. “Where’s Kelly?”
“I sent her south to the next camp to warn them.”
I frowned, annoyed he would send her alone in her condition. Why hadn’t he gone with her? Because he, too, felt like he needed to protect me. “What do you want?”
“I’m sorry.” He brushed his hand against my arm as he fell into step beside me. I wasn’t quite sure if it was an accident or not. “I have to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.”
No, he didn’t. But that’s how Will was and how he would always be. Just like that, my anger evaporated. If there was one thing I’d learned from Tom it was that people rarely changed. And maybe that was okay. Maybe Tom and Will should be with someone who accepted them as they were. “Its fine, Will, really.”
“I feel…”
I didn’t wait to listen to whatever excuse he would use, and hurried my steps. Thane was impossible to see or hear. But knowing him, he’d probably already caught the two escapees. I quickened my steps, jogging through the woods, brushing aside branch after branch, trying to make sense of the shadows in the forest and all the while Will raced beside me. 
“I feel like I hurt you, which I didn’t want—”
“Will,” I snapped, annoyed. Couldn’t he see I was trying to concentrate? I didn’t want to focus on my emotions. At least not now, maybe not ever. Emotions, feelings…blah. They made everything too complicated. I was done completely with them. 
“Broken branch,” Will whispered as we approached another creek. 
But it was the footprint in the mud that caught my attention. A female print by the size and shape. I narrowed my eyes, the adrenaline in my body pumping. How I’d love to find Susan on my own, make it clear exactly how I felt about her. 
“It’s just that—”
“Will,” I hissed, finally turning to face him. “It’s okay.”
For one long moment we merely stared at each other, something strange and uncomfortable shifting between us. He was no longer the priority in my life, and he had proven with Susan that I was no longer the priority in his. He knew—I could see it in his eyes—that I had moved on. I no longer needed him, and for Will that would be hard to take. 
“Do you love him?”
I knew who he spoke about, but I wasn’t sure how I felt about Thane and even if I did know, I didn’t want to discuss it with Will. I trudged through the creek. “What are you talking about?”
“Thane.” 
I could feel the heat rushing up my neck and into my cheeks. A sharp, wry laugh escaped my lips. “I don’t even know what love is. I don’t think I’ve ever known. Maybe I never will.” 
The words saddened me more than I thought they would. 
Disconcerted, I hastened my steps up the bank of the creek, but before I could reach the top Will grasped my arm, stopping me. “Have you kissed?”
I jerked my arm away, frustrated and annoyed. Why did he suddenly care? “That’s none of your business.” 
“So you have.”
“What’s this about, Will?” I glared at him. “What’s this really about?”
How dare he question my relationship with Thane when he had practically ignored me in favor of Susan. He parted his lips, but didn’t respond. He didn’t want to admit that he was jealous. 
“We should be searching for the others.”
He frowned. “Thane most likely already found them.”
True, but I still didn’t want to stand around chatting with Will about my love life. Talk about awkward. “He might need help.”
He released a harsh laugh. “Thane never needs help.” 
I couldn’t tell if it was bitterness or merely honesty behind his tone. “Why do you care about me and Thane, Will? You made it abundantly clear that you wanted nothing to do with me the moment Susan arrived.”
He took my hand, his fingers warm and comforting. “Jane, I don’t know how this serum will affect me. I didn’t want you wasting time on us when I didn’t know if I’d even have a future.” He released my hand and cupped the side of my face. “I do care about you. I always have.”
Did I believe him? Or was he only speaking about his feelings after finding out that Susan had betrayed us? Was I his second choice? I shook my head. It didn’t matter. I didn’t want a relationship with Will. Perhaps with no one. 
“Over here,” someone whispered, the voice traveling through the woods. 
I jerked my gaze from Will and peered through the branches. Tony was in the clearing just through the trees, but he wasn’t speaking to us. No, he was speaking to Susan who stumbled into the open area after him, clutching a bag to her chest. Thane’s decoy satchel.
“Where are they?” she whispered in a hushed tone. “They should be here by now.” 
They? The vampires were coming. Will crouched next to me, his gaze pinned to the two. I shifted my attention from them to the trees beyond, looking for Thane. Dare we wait for him to make a move, or should we attack now? 
“Make sure the serum is there before Bacchus arrives.” Tony reached out and snatched the bag from Susan, tearing it open. 
I knew what he would find even before he cursed. But I wasn’t concerned about his reaction. No, I was focused on their upcoming visitors. Bacchus was coming. Just the thought of the vampire made my blood go cold. Bacchus was coming. Instinct told me we had to act now, before it was too late. We couldn’t wait for Thane’s help. 
“Idiot!” He threw the bag at her. “It’s empty!”
“No.” Susan shook her head, dropping to her knees to search the satchel. “They’re…Oh God, they’ll kill us!”
I started to surge forward, but Will reached out, grasping onto my upper arm and stopping me. He, obviously, wanted to hear more. 
“We can’t return to camp,” Tony snapped bitterly, raking is hands through his hair and pacing the small clearing. How I hated him. He was the reason Jimmy and the others had died. He had stood there while Jimmy lay bleeding to death, and pretended to care. The mere sight of him made me ill. 
“Unless I pretend I caught you escaping.”
Susan surged to her feet in outrage. “You aren’t betraying me like you did your supposed friends! I’ll tell them the truth!”
He leapt toward her, his lips lifting into a snarl. “Who do you think they’ll believe? Me, someone who has been with them for years, or you?”
The woods were growing dark. It would be harder to fight them, more difficult to see. And if Bacchus appeared we were as good as dead without Thane’s help. 
“Will?” I whispered urgently. 
I’d give him one more chance, but Will was no longer my leader and I trusted my instincts more than I trusted him. My instincts were screaming at me to act. 
Fortunately Will relented and nodded. “Go around. Surprise them from the back.” 
I headed through the trees, making sure to avoid stepping on twigs and branches that might give away my presence. While I made my way around the clearing, Tony and Susan continued to argue about what to do. It was obvious they hadn’t known each other for long, which meant Susan had been sent to us on purpose, most likely to find the serum. 
I paused when I was directly across from Will. I could barely see him through the branches but the moment I heard the twigs rattle, I took action. In one smooth movement, I pulled the gun from the waistband of my trousers and stepped into the clearing. 
“Stop. It’s over.” 
Tony spun around to face me. “Jane,” he gasped. The surprise on his face quickly smoothed into concern. He was good. Really good. “I found Susan trying to race off with the serum.”
I would have punched him in the face then and there if he hadn’t been stronger than me. “Really? Well, good thing you were there to stop her.”
He didn’t notice my sarcasm. “Is that a gun?” 
“It is.” He didn’t need to know there were no bullets left and it was about as useless as a rock. I only hung onto it because Thane had asked me to. Thane. Where was he? It wasn’t like the man to be late. He was always one, or five, steps ahead of us. 
“But where’d you get it?” 
“We know,” Will said, stepping from the trees, his dagger in hand. “Don’t try to deny it, Tony. We know you betrayed us.”
Tony shook his head, tearing his gaze from the gun and focusing on Will. “No. I wouldn’t do that. You know me, Will. We’re friends.”
“Damn it,” Will hissed, grabbing Tony by the shirt and jerking him close. “How could you? How could you pretend to care when they were tortured? They killed Jimmy!”
“I did care!” Tony hissed, struggling to break from Will’s grasp. “They’ve known about us for months, Will! They’ve been following us. They gave me a choice, and if I wanted to live, I had to pick sides.” 
“You picked the wrong side.” Will threw his fist forward, hitting Tony in the chin. His head snapped back and he stumbled, falling to the ground. Will shoved his foot into Tony’s chest, sending him to his back. “Find something to tie them up.” 
Susan was whimpering by a tree. “Please, I had no choice.” 
“Get up,” I snapped, in no mood for her manipulative begging. It might have worked on the guys, but not me.  
She stumbled to her feet, glaring at me. Her poor maiden disguise was gone, the ugly truth revealed. “You don’t think you’ll end up dead along with us?”
“We might end up dead,” I said. “But it will never be alongside you.” 
“They would have killed me.” She looked ridiculous standing there in her white, maiden gown, her beautiful face flushed with dirt and outrage. “I had to do what they said! I had no choice!”
“We always have a choice.” I gripped her upper arm and turned to head back toward camp. I had barely taken my first step when a shiver of warning raced down my spine. “Will, I think…”
Men shifted from the woods, at least five beautiful ones and Bacchus, merging into the clearing. The terror I felt was real and shocking. My hand grew tight around the butt of my pistol. 
“Well, well, well,” Bacchus sighed. “We came merely to get the serum. But I see the universe has thrown in a surprise…or two.”
I slid Will a glance from under my lashes. What was the plan? Certainly we had a plan. But he looked just as worried as I felt. Will was a leader, he wasn’t a warrior. Swallowing hard, I jerked the gun up, deciding to take action on my own. “Don’t move.” 
Bacchus looked at the gun, then back up at me and laughed. The men behind him grinned. My arm wavered. They knew. Somehow they knew. 
“Even if that gun had bullets, which I’m rather sure it doesn’t, it won’t kill us, my dear. So don’t even think about trying anything.” 
I raised the pistol. “It will kill you if I hit your head.”
Before I could blink, they were on us. I barely had time to register their advance before the gun was torn from my hand and I was tossed to the ground. The side of my face hit the hard earth. Will was slammed to the ground next to me. With a muffled cry, I tried to break free, but they held me so tight I could barely move. My arms were jerked back and rope was wound tightly around my wrists. Just as quickly as I’d been shoved to the earth, I was jerked back to my feet. It was all too much, too fast. My mind spun, the world around me wavered in and out of focus. 
Although my body ached and my arms felt as if they were being pulled from the sockets, I didn’t worry, for I knew Thane would arrive at any moment. He’d never let me down before and he wouldn’t now. At least I hoped. But could Thane take on five beautiful ones and Bacchus? 
“Shall we, my little pets?” Dismissing us, Bacchus started through the woods as if we were on a stroll through the forest, all ease and smiling happiness. How I hated him like I’d never hated anyone. There was no reasoning with the vampire, he was a demon in man’s clothing. A monster who got his power from harming others. 
When Bacchus’ minions pushed us forward, we had no choice but to follow. But I wasn’t focused on Bacchus. No, I was scouring the dark shadows, trying to find Thane. Where was he? 
“See,” Tony hissed under his breath. “I told you I had to pick sides, and it looks like I picked the right one. At least I’ll live.”
Will’s jaw clenched, and I knew he, like me, wanted to punch that smug look from Tony’s face. Susan and Tony quickened their steps, falling behind Bacchus, eager to please. I thought about Thane’s girlfriend, the woman he had loved. She had worked for them, but she hadn’t been safe. No one was. And just like Thane’s love, Tony and Susan would eventually be killed as well. 
We moved down a narrow deer trail, Will and I between Bacchus and his followers. Even as I frantically searched the dark woods, hoping for a way to escape, I knew we were trapped. Our only hope was Thane. Some ten minutes later we entered another clearing. 
“Now,” Bacchus said, slowing his steps. “Tell me about this serum.”
“Well, you see,” Tony replied, sweat glistening across his forehead. He was so nervous he almost tripped over a branch. “Apparently Thane tricked us, because the bag is empty.”
“You don’t say,” Bacchus said thoughtfully. 
He strolled across the clearing, and while his feet were quiet and light, my boots crunched over branches. And while the burs and thorny vines somehow managed to miss his silky clothes, they poked and scraped against my skin. I was fully aware of each scratch and the blood it might bring to the surface. 
“Come, my friends,” Bacchus said, pausing next to a large boulder, his eyes glowing just like the other vampires. “Sit.” 
They’d set up camp, probably lying in wait for days. Bedrolls, bags and even a fire had burned in the center at one time. Who knew how long they’d been here. Will and I were shoved forward, falling to our knees. I tried not to grimace, but the pebbles dug into my knees and my arms ached.   
Bacchus glanced dispassionately at Susan and Tony. “Kill them.” 
I felt Will stiffen beside me. But I wasn’t surprised in the least. They had no need for them. As much as I hated Tony and Susan, it didn’t stop my heart from lurching, for I knew they would die a painful death. Bacchus’ men were on Susan in seconds. 
Her screams echoed through the woods, bouncing against the trees. Using their inattention to his advantage, Tony fled, crashing into the woods. But Bacchus’ men went after him. Frantic, I searched the dark forest. Now was the perfect time for Thane to attack and free us. But Susan was dead, and Tony’s screams faded. Still no Thane. 
Suddenly Bacchus stood before me. A shiver of unease raced down my body. He knelt slowly, those eerie eyes pinned to me. Mirth clouded his gaze, but there was something more there…hunger, I realized with dread. 
“You’re waiting for Thanatos, aren’t you?” 
Startled, I froze. I barely breathed. 
With his gaze still on me, he reached toward my neck. I barely had time to flinch before he’d pulled Tom’s necklace out from underneath my shirt. With a quick snap, he broke the string and pulled it close. “Pretty.” 
Smirking, he stood and tossed the necklace toward the woods. He strolled to the large boulder. Making a great show of brushing off the rock, he settled, all ease, on the hard surface.  
“Let me tell you about the real Thanatos.” He folded his hands demurely in his lap and smiled at me. “The man you obviously care for is actually working for me.” 
“You’re lying,” Will snapped. 
Bacchus lifted his brows. “Oh no. Not at all.” 
The area grew quiet. Bacchus’ men were still in the woods, most likely feeding off of Tony. As I stared into the vampire’s face, I realized Bacchus was completely serious. Dread swept through my body, threatening to drown me in a vast pit of darkness.   
“No,” I whispered, the word slipping across my lips. I wouldn’t believe it. 
Bacchus lifted his gaze, focusing on something beyond my shoulder. “Tell her, Thanatos.” 
Will turned.
I didn’t bother to move, because I knew who stood there. I could smell him. I could sense him. I should have been terrified. Instead, all I could think about was that he had betrayed me. The pain was sharp, haunting, consuming. I couldn’t move, couldn’t think, could barely breathe. 
“Thanatos, please take your friend Will here into the woods and kill him.”
It was all I needed to jerk me from my stupor. Somehow I managed to surge to my feet and spun around to face Thane. “No. Please. Please don’t do this.” 
Thane merely stood there impassively, as if my words did not reach him. As if he had no heart, no conscience, no soul. Who was this man I thought I knew? I stared hard at him, met his gaze and held it even while my heart broke, piece by piece, scattering to the ground below me. Thane. My Thane. How could he? 
“Please,” I whispered once more. 
Nothing. 
Will had grown stoic and still. He didn’t beg. He knew it would do no good. No, Will would go down a warrior, and a leader. Slowly, he stood, stumbling to his feet with his hands still tied. Thane latched onto his arm. 
“No!” I screamed. 
Will looked back only once before he was shoved into the forest. In his gaze I saw his apology, I sensed the way he felt about me. In his gaze I saw his goodbye. Just like that they disappeared into the dark shadows. I listened until I could hear Will’s feet no longer crashing through the vegetation. And even after it went silent, I still listened, hoping…praying. 
“As much as I’d love to watch, we have a carriage to catch.” 
Bacchus shoved me toward a deer trail. I hadn’t just lost Will in those woods, I’d also lost Thane…at least the man I thought I knew. A sob caught in my throat, choking the air from my lungs. No. No. No. I wouldn’t believe it, I couldn’t. Thane wouldn’t turn on us. Will couldn’t die.  
“Don’t worry, my sweet,” Bacchus cooed, his words barely audible over the harsh pounding of my heart. “I think we’ll keep you for a while. Dionysus will love you. You’ll be the perfect gift for our king.” 
I spun around and bolted to the trees, toward where Will and Thane had disappeared. I’d made it only three steps when I was slammed to the ground. As I lay there, gasping for breath, I kept my gaze focused on those trees, knowing it had to be a mistake. Surely it was all a ruse to free Will. They would return and attack Bacchus together. 
“Come now,” Bacchus said impatiently. “We have places to be. It’s time to give up.” 
But still I lay there, waiting, waiting, knowing that Thane wouldn’t betray us. 
Knowing…until moments later when Thane returned, stepping from the darkness of the woods and into the clearing, covered in blood.  

Chapter 18


Will was gone. 
Dead. 
Like Jimmy, like my grandfather, my parents. 
And most likely I would follow. 
For hours we’d been traveling in the carriage, wheels bouncing over dirt roads until my aching body had grown numb. Although the very men who had killed my friends, and who would murder me sat beside and across from me, I was barely aware. I’d sat quietly in the corner, staring unblinkingly at the blur of trees, lost in my grief, my fear, my pain. 
Will was gone. 
I was the last one left but I knew I wouldn’t be here much longer. But what hurt me more than anything, what twisted like a dagger deep within my gut, was Thane’s betrayal. I hadn’t known him at all. He was a monster. The Thane I thought I’d known had been a myth, like a character in one of the very books he’d given me.  
We’d been fighting a losing battle all along. Death had finally caught up to us, taking no prisoners. As with the very insects, mammals, and reptiles we’d exterminated from our gardens. They’d tried so hard to survive, but it had been pointless because we were ruthless, stronger and determined. 
Vaguely I was aware of Thane’s hand gripping my upper arm as we sat side by side. The same hand that had killed Will. Perhaps he thought I might try to throw open the carriage door and jump. But jumping would only amuse them, and I’d be damned if I’d provide the entertainment. Will had died well, marching nobly to death and I would as well. 
How could I have trusted Thane so utterly and completely? Why hadn’t I paid attention to that cold indifference I’d seen so often in the dhampir’s eyes? Why had I ignored the way he killed without remorse?
I didn’t care about my own death. I’d given up worrying about that long ago. But I was angry that I hadn’t been able to do more. Angry that I hadn’t been able to give the others a fighting chance. I could only hope Kelly had escaped. I could pretend. Pretend that they would find the serum, that they would live on, while the vampires around them slowly died off. 
I could pretend. 
“I can practically hear your mind spinning,” Bacchus said from across the carriage. I couldn’t see his features in the dim light, but his eyes glowed eerily. He found me so very amusing, and toyed with me like a cat playing with a little mouse. 
“Why am I still alive?” I demanded. 
“Would you rather have it over quickly?” Bacchus asked, tilting his head to the side as if he was contemplating the idea.  
How I hated him. But I despised Thane even more. Bacchus hadn’t hid what he was. He’d made it clear he was a full-blooded killer. But Thane…Thane had used me. Pretended to care. And it hurt so much more than I would ever admit. 
“Yes, actually, I would like it done quickly because I’d rather be dead than in your company a moment longer.”
“Oh don’t worry, my dear. Your wish will be granted soon enough.” He smoothed down his cloak and folded his hands demurely in his lap. “Now then, enough with the theatrics. You humans are so dramatic.”
“Says the monster wearing silk pantaloons,” I muttered.  
Bacchus laughed, but his mirth didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “They are going to love you at the castle, my dear.”
I shivered despite trying to hold back my fear. “Why?” I demanded. “Why are you doing this? Why do you hate humans so?”
Bacchus shrugged. “Don’t take it personally. We need to eat.”
Right, if only it were that simple. “And can’t you feed in a more humane way? Must you enjoy the terror?”
He leaned forward, so close that his sweet scent swirled around me. “My dear, people love a good horror show.”
My lips lifted into a snarl. “You’re monsters.”
He quirked a brow and leaned back. “We’re the monsters? Really? You’ve read, you know the history of your people. Good God, your humans used to gather around and cheer hangings. Women, children, all would go to the show.” 
“That’s different,” I hissed. “That was war.”
“Oh no, my dear. Not war.” He was silent for a long moment, watching me, merely watching me. I was so incredibly aware of Thane at my side and Bacchus across from me. I felt trapped, suffocated. “Do you know what they used to do to vampires before we took power?” 
I didn’t respond, because I didn’t know. 
He smiled slow and sweet. “They would burn us at the stake. But we didn’t die that way you see, so it was merely a slow torture. Quite painful until we healed again. Or they’d stab us in the heart and bury us alive. Again, didn’t kill us, merely tortured us. I could go on and on, but you get the idea. That, my dear, is what your humans did to us before we decided to fight back.” 
Had Thane hated me all this time? Bitter over the way humans had treated his family? 
“That was a long time ago,” I whispered, unsure anymore what I believed.  
“And can you say that it wouldn’t happen again?” He tilted his head thoughtfully, watching me. “Say you humans regained power, would you show us mercy? Would you accept us? Or at the least, would you integrate us, teach us your ways? Or would you rather just kill us and be done with the fear?”
I wanted to assure him we would do what we could to help, but I couldn’t. He was right…we could never live together in peace. Which meant in the end either the vampires or the humans would end up failing. And considering how often we were on the losing side, I wasn’t going to place my bet on my human friends. 
“And so it will go on and on forever, never ending.” 
He shrugged. “At least until you’re dead or contained.”
“And then you’ll turn on each other,” I said. 
He didn’t seem to care. “Perhaps.”
The carriage slowed as the wheels hit the cobbled streets of town. The same town where I’d escaped with Thane. He’d been leading us back here all along. My heart hurt, a stabbing pain of betrayal. The escape, finding my grandfather, learning to fight…all of it had been pointless. 
The scene unfolded much like it had those two months ago. As before, a variety of curious beautiful ones poured from their elegant homes in their elegant clothing to watch my arrival. Only this time I was alone. We entered the large courtyard and the carriage came to a stop. Bacchus jumped from the vehicle first. I was left alone with Thane. 
“My friends,” Bacchus called out. 
Frantically, I looked at Thane. If he was going to help me, if this was all some ruse, it would be the perfect time to let me in on the game. But no words of comfort came from his lips and his gaze remained firmly on the crowd gathered outside. 
“How could you?” I whispered. 
I felt the ever so slight tightening of his hand on my arm, but he didn’t respond, didn’t bother to look at me. 
“Do you truly hate me this much?” 
His gaze remained on the door as he responded. “Do not confuse indifference for hate, Jane.” 
He might as well have slapped me. I would have preferred his hatred. At least then he’d have a reason for wanting me dead. But his indifference, his lack of emotion was too much like the beautiful ones.  
“We will no longer stand by while they attack,” Bacchus continued outside. “Today is merely the first in a long line of wars to be won.” 
Suddenly Thane was stepping from the carriage, pulling me with him. When my feet hit the cobbled street, there was an uproar of cheering. Around me faces fill with hatred glowed under the lantern light that hung around the courtyard. Monsters…every one of them. 
“I give you the rebel leader!” Bacchus cried, turning toward me. 
I wanted to deny the accusation. I was no leader. A leader wouldn’t be quivering under their hateful gazes. A leader would have figured out a way to escape and warn the others of what was to come. But calling me the leader would make Bacchus look good. Which, I knew, was why he lied. 
“Mommy! My pet,” a little girl cried out. 
A sudden tiny blur of a body hit me so hard that Thane’s hand was knocked away and I fell to my knees. A grunt of pain escaped my lips as thin arms wrapped tightly around my waist. I was horrified by the touch of the little monster, yet at the same time taken in by her innocent face. Her scent was like ripe apples left in the sun, warm and lovely. But I knew better than to find comfort in her presence. This child monster could save me no more than I could save myself. Thane gripped my upper arm and jerked me to my feet as the child’s mother raced forward to take her back to the group. And just like that she was gone. For some reason I hoped she wasn’t there to witness my death. 
“So is that what this is?” I asked. “A public hanging?”
Thane didn’t answer, but Bacchus heard and turned toward me. “No, my sweet. Our king wants the best. We are having a celebration and you are going to be the main course.”
A cheer went up in the crowd. I felt their thundering applause vibrate against me. Acid swept up my throat, burning the back of my tongue. I was going to faint. The heat of the evening beat down upon me, thrumming in time with their applause. They wanted to see me suffer. They hated me with a passion I understood well, because I hated them in the same way.  
Thane’s grip was tight as he led me through the crowds and into the main hall. I saw the double doors where Sally and the others who had died had disappeared that fateful night. But we didn’t go that way. Instead, Thane led me up the stairs to the right, bypassing the floor where the women had slept the night we’d been chosen. Higher and higher up into the castle. Were they going to dress me before they killed me? I swore I would never wear one of those fancy white dresses again. But in this world I had so little choice. 
“You’ll stand by?” I seethed, glaring up into Thane’s stoic face. “And watch? You’ll do nothing?” 
We paused outside a wooden door, and the dhampir who had followed stood in a neat little group, awaiting Thane’s command. He pulled the dagger from the sheath on his thigh and reached around me, stepping so close, his chest brushed against mine. I heard the soft swoosh as the ropes were cut and my arms freed. Still standing close, Thane pushed open the door behind me. 
From the corner of my eye I could see the other dhampir, waiting for their commands. But I didn’t care. I kept my gaze focused on Thane, knowing there had to be something…something good inside of him. It couldn’t have been all pretense. 
“Please,” I whispered. 
He lowered his gaze, meeting mine. For one long moment we didn’t speak. I could read nothing in his eyes, nothing in his firm lips or the hard planes of his face. Not surprising, for I’d always had a difficult time understanding him. 
“Thane,” I whispered, pleading. 
With firm hands, Thane gripped my shoulders and shoved me into the room. I fell hard to the ground, bouncing. I had just enough time to see the smirking faces of the other dhampir before the door was pulled shut with a sure thunk, and I was left to face the reality of my situation alone. 
 
****

I wasn’t sure how many hours went by as I remained seated against the far wall…waiting…waiting for them to return. Waiting…waiting for death. The evening sky had grown dark, my room cold, but my mind remained on Will and Jimmy. 
It was only when I heard the soft sound of music floating up through the windows that I stirred. Although it wasn’t quite a full moon yet, the party had begun. As if in a trance, I stood slowly, using the stone wall for support. I could accept my fate, or I could fight to the end. I might not be able to win, but hopefully I could take one or two down with me. Will hadn’t taught me to give up. I would make him proud. 
If I was going to fight, I needed to move, stretch my body and prepare. I walked the room, taking in the details as much as I could without any light. I’d be at a huge disadvantage. They could see in the dark, they were stronger, faster. Frustrated, I paced to the window and stared out over the garden. The moon was full, highlighting the woods in the distance, the fields beyond. I was at the back of the building, that much was clear. I leaned further out the window and dropped my gaze to the ground. Something glimmered below….something that looked suspiciously like water. 
I pulled back, surprised. Thane had placed me in the very room from where we’d jumped those months ago. My heart hammered madly as I tried to understand what it all meant. Thane wasn’t stupid, far from it. So why had he placed me here? Did he think to mock me, knowing I couldn’t swim? I leaned back out the window. In the dark, the water didn’t look so far, but I knew it was a long, long way down. 
Still, this window was my only way out. If I jumped into that water, if I could manage to make it to shore, I might be able to escape again. I had no choice. This time, I wouldn’t have the cumbersome skirts around me. With trembling fingers, I took off my boots, knowing I couldn’t handle the weight. I would gladly run barefoot and naked if need be. Besides, better to die by drowning than by their hands. 
Taking in a deep breath, I climbed onto the window sill. The warm air whipped around me, tugging my hair loose from its braid. In that moment everything came rushing back. The day Thane had saved me by forcing me to jump…the fear, the anger, the confusion. But it had all been a ruse. He hadn’t cared. The only person who could save me was myself. Clutching the window sill ledge, I pushed off. 
Like that moment those months ago, I flew through the air. I felt oddly calm as I drew my arms in tight and closed my eyes. Until I hit the surface…hard. Cold water surged over my head, dragging me down. I wouldn’t die…I couldn’t. But as the chill water pulled me deeper…deeper…the fear I tried to control overwhelmed. 
As I hit the water, and sank further and further into the cold darkness Thane’s voice came to mind. “I have you, Jane. Close your eyes, relax.” 
 Although the memory of him on the island trying to teach me to swim should have angered me, should have terrified me, oddly enough it calmed me. My panic fled, and I let the water naturally push me back to the surface. When I felt the pressure of the moat ease, I knew I was close. With as much strength as I could muster, I shoved my arms through the surface, breaking through. Frantic, I sucked in a quick gulp of air before I went below again. 
Don’t panic, don’t panic. 
I focused on my memory of Thane swimming through the ocean after we had jumped off the cliff. The way his body had moved through the sea, his arms surging, his legs kicking. Using my limbs I somehow managed to break the surface once more. This time, I didn’t sink, but surged toward the shore. If I could keep moving, keep paddling, I might make it. 
Keep swimming. Keep going. 
The shoreline wavered. My limbs trembled with exhaustion, but I kept my attention on that dark shore. The sounds of the party out front mixed with the thunder of my racing heart, urging me onward like the beat of a drum. Forward, forward, forward. I tried not to focus on the fact that they were celebrating my eminent demise and instead concentrated on survival. Closer…the shore seemed so near that I thought maybe I dreamt. 
My toes scraped against something soft, something that shifted under the pressure of my feet. The ground. My heart leapt into my throat. Close. So very close. When my feet sank into the bottom, gritty sand seeping through my socks, I almost cried out in relief. But I couldn’t rest. Not now, maybe not ever. 
Determined, I somehow managed to drag myself to the shore. But I knew better than to take even a moment to catch my breath. I shoved my wet hair from my face and stumbled toward that rock wall in the distance. Around me, the party continued. The sound of music trilled eerily through the night sky, mixing with the rumble of laughter. I could picture them drinking their blood in wine glasses, laughing and conversing as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening. And somewhere, within that crowd, stood Thane. 
Thane.
He would know which way I’d head…toward Kelly. I paused halfway to the wall, fighting for breath. Yes, Thane would know which way I’d flee, which meant once I got over that wall, I needed to go in the opposite direction. I couldn’t go to Kelly, at least not now. The moon shone above, lighting my path, urging me onward. I bolted the last half to the wall. I would make it. I would not die at their hands.  
I shoved my palms onto the rock and lifted myself. With a grunt, I fell atop, the ledge biting into my gut. Desperate, I somehow managed to throw my legs over and tumbled to the other side, landing with a thud to the hard ground. For a brief moment I merely lay there, staring up into the dark, dark night. Soon Thane would realize I had escaped. Soon that bell would ring, warning the others. 
I pushed off the ground and darted up the hill. Who knew where I’d go, if I even managed to escape. Somehow I made it through the trees and into a field. When I dared to glance back it was to see the castle aglow in the distance. No warning bells…yet. 
My heart told me to head toward Kelly and warn the others. My head told me to get as far away as possible, hide until they stopped looking. Save myself first. I paused for the briefest moment in indecision and that’s when I sensed him. Too late. Suddenly I was tackled to the ground. My body hit the hard earth, that familiar form pinning me to the dirt. Thane’s scent swirled through the air, making me ill. Twisting, I threw my arms up, hoping to at least hit him once before he tore out my throat. But his firm fingers gripped my upper arms and shoved them to the ground. 
“Let me go!” I screamed, my voice echoing into the night sky. 
“Damn it, Jane, just open your eyes!”
Startled, I paused in my struggle, not realizing I had closed them. Slowly, I lifted my lashes. Thane hovered over me, an overly long lock of hair falling across his scarred cheek. Thane, the man I had cared for. The man I thought had cared for me. 
Staring into his glowing eyes tore at my insides, ripping apart my heart piece by broken piece. “I hate you.” 
“I know.” He lifted, standing. I didn’t miss the crossbow attached to his back and the daggers at his thighs. He was dressed for war. “And you can, but first I need you to look around.”  
Suddenly, I became aware of a pulsing energy around me, as if a thousand hearts beat at once. My entire body buzzed. Confused, I sat up. 
Shadowed forms stood near the perimeter of the field. Cold sweat coated my body. Although I trembled like a frightened child, I jumped to my feet, my legs braced apart. I would not die on the ground like a worm. 
“Humans, Jane,” Thane said, as if sensing my unease. 
I wasn’t quite sure what he meant, until I took in a deep breath and truly looked at the people surrounding me. Thirty, maybe more. Not vampires, but humans. From the group stepped an all too familiar form.   
“Will?” I whispered. 
I was still trying to understand what had happened when Will headed toward me. He didn’t slow but threw his arms around my waist and drew me up into his warm, familiar body. Stunned, I merely stood there while he hugged me close. 
 “I’m alive. It’s okay. It was an act. Thane didn’t really kill me.” 
His words pierced the numb confusion. Angry, I shoved away from him. “You had planned this all along?”
“No.” He shook his head. I couldn’t help but notice that he, too, was dressed for war. Daggers were strapped to his thighs and his familiar sword was in its sheath on his back. “Thane didn’t tell me until we were out there in the woods.”
“The blood…”
“A deer.” 
My heart thundered, my mind spinning as I tried to understand exactly what had happened. Thane had moved toward the others and was quietly giving them orders in that calm way of his. Will was still alive. Thane wasn’t evil. I had somehow escaped. Nothing made sense. 
“You’re okay?” He took my chilled hands in his. 
Somehow I managed to nod. Although the night was warm, I was still soaked through and growing colder by the minute. My gaze found Thane’s and held. He had tricked me, lied to me. The heart-break, the fear, the anger had been moot. How could he? 
“Why would you put us through that?” I demanded, the outrage coming to the forefront. Unable to help myself, I tore my hands from Will and rushed toward Thane. Before he could realize my intent, I punched him in the shoulder. He didn’t even cringe and I was pretty sure I’d hurt my knuckles more than I’d hurt him. The others around us had grown quiet, watchful. I didn’t care, my focus remained on Thane. 
“Why?” 
“You both wear your feelings on your faces. They would have known,” he explained with no remorse, no guilt. “Besides, they are good at sensing things. Even if the truth hadn’t been obvious on your face, they would have felt your ease.” 
Perhaps he was right, but it didn’t make me feel any better. The pain I’d felt had been crushing, almost unbearable. Did he have any idea what he had done to me? I shifted, my wet, stocking-clad feet growing numb from cold. “You put me in the room on purpose so I could jump?”
“I did.” 
Will moved to the group, taking over where Thane had left off. Although they were close, it still felt as if only Thane and I stood there. I crossed my arms, trying to keep warm, and glared up at him. “And what if I hadn’t jumped?”  
“I knew you would.” 
For one long moment we merely stood there, staring at each other. Maybe he knew me better than I knew myself. Or maybe he just didn’t care if I’d made it or not. If I had been caught, or drowned, would he have mourned my death? 
“We need to get going,” Will said, interrupting our silent battle. 
“Going where?” I turned my back to Thane. 
I couldn’t deal with the dhampir right now. Will might have been able to forgive him, and maybe Thane was right, but I was still angry and I didn’t trust myself. Not when it was obvious so many others were on Thane’s side. We had more important things to worry about than my hurt feelings.  
“We’re attacking the castle.” 
“I’m sorry,” I stumbled over my words, confused. “What did you just say? Surely I misheard.” 
“You didn’t.” 
I jerked my attention to that huge, stone castle glowing in the distance. It looked impenetrable. How would we ever get in? I returned my gaze to the group who was awaiting their next order. From what I could see, most were chosen ones. Some I’d seen in passing during our travels; the majority I didn’t know. But it was when I looked closer that I noticed the glowing eyes dispersed throughout the darkness. 
Dhampir.
“So, I guess that was another lie.” I glanced at Thane. “They were willing to work with you after all.” 
“No,” Thane replied quite calmly. “Their decision to join us was a recent event.”
I lowered my voice to a whisper. “And you know we can trust them?”
But it didn’t matter how low I spoke, they still heard me and I swore their eyes grew brighter, a few growls peppering the air. I’d offended them. 
Thane leaned toward me, his lips brushing my ear and startling me. “As much as you can trust me.” 
I flushed, annoyed with his teasing response. 
“Let’s go,” Will said. “While they’re celebrating.” 
“You know,” Bacchus’ voice carried through the woods. “I really thought more highly of you, Thane. I believed you were smarter than this.”
I spun around. Everywhere I turned, we were surrounded. Vampire after vampire. Their dark forms stepped from the woods, their eyes glowing bright and deadly. The fear that had eased returned full-force. 
“That’s where you’re wrong, Bacchus. I was thinking,” Thane said, quite calmly. “That it would be easier to fight you outside the walls.”
So this, too, had been a set up. Thane had wanted them to follow me, to find us. Was anything he did honest?  
“Attack!” Bacchus cried out. “Kill them all. I don’t want one left living!”
The vampires surged forward, a blur of bodies, a wall of death. At the same time Thane shoved me back. I fell some feet away, landing on my bottom while the chosen ones, dhampir and blood drinkers crashed together with a roar. Only feet from me a vampire hit a chosen one, taking the man down. Within seconds the chosen one was dead and the vampire had moved on. 
His death jerked me from my stupor. This was my chance to live. I crawled to the broken, deceased chosen one and grabbed his sword. He had no use for the weapon. Before I could even stand, from the corner of my eye I saw the shadow leap toward me. I didn’t think, merely swung the sword wide, hitting the vampire. The blade sliced through his side, pausing at bone. 
He cried out, stumbling back. Injured but not dead. I pulled the blade free and in one fell swoop, swung it toward his neck. Even if I’d wanted to celebrate, I didn’t have time. As his head fell from his body and blood spurted into a silver arch, another vampire hit me. We fell to the ground and the sword slipped from my fingers. 
“No!” I reached for the dagger at my leg, but it wasn’t there. Bacchus had taken it when he’d captured me. 
The vampire shoved his hands into my shoulders, pinning me to the ground. His smirk showed those long, pointed canines. I tucked my knees to my chest, keeping them between us in an attempt to prevent the blood drinker from feeding on me. But it didn’t work. While they fought around me, he gripped my ankles and jerked my legs down. His lips lifted, a low growl vibrating in his throat. 
I hadn’t come this far to die now. 
“Jane!” Suddenly Will was there, always there, sword in hand. The vampire’s head went one way and his body another. Will reached down, grabbed my hand and yanked me to my feet. I swerved, the world around me spinning as my body and mind tried to reconnect with the fact that I still lived. 
“You okay?”
I nodded, scooping up my sword. Around us, vampires fought chosen ones and dhampir, people crying out and swearing, swords clanging and blood arching against the moonlight. I tried to figure out who was winning, but it was difficult to tell in the darkness. 
“Keep safe,” Will said.  
Unwillingly, my gaze went to Thane as Will raced off to fight a vampire. Thane was locked in battle with two. As far as I knew he hadn’t fed in days; would he last long? Frantic, I searched for Bacchus. He stood in the background, merely watching everything unfold exactly as he thought it would. His soldiers were winning.  
As much as I wished I could drive my sword through his heart, I knew I couldn’t get to him. His soldiers would never allow it. Will was fighting a vampire, Thane was still holding his own with the two but I could tell he was weakening. Despite the fact that he’d put me in danger and kept me in the dark, I knew I would still put my life on the line to help him. Sword in hand, I raced up behind them and swung, hitting the closest vampire in the neck. Blood spurted across the sky, hitting my shirt. I didn’t wait for, nor did I expect, Thane’s gratitude. He’d saved me, I’d saved him. It was a partnership. 
Knowing there were more who needed help, I spun around and suddenly found myself face to face with a dhampir. Frozen in place, I wasn’t sure if he was friend or enemy. His lips lifted into a hiss. When he raised his arm I knew. I dropped to the ground and lifted my sword up at the same time. The point went straight into his chest. With a growl, he jerked back, taking my sword with him. 
“Damn,” I whispered.
He tore the sword from his chest, holding the weapon in his tight grip. “Prepare to die.” 
He lifted the sword. A soft swoosh whispered overhead, barely audible over the clash of fighting. The arrow pierced him directly in his right eye. The dhampir dropped the sword with a cry of outrage. I rolled out of the way just as the dhampir collapsed. Thane swept past me, crossbow in hand. He didn’t ask if I was okay, but lifted the bow and shot the next vampire coming at us. 
I grabbed my sword and scrambled to my feet, following him. “How do I know who is working for us and who isn’t?” 
Thane thrust his arm forward, stabbing a vampire, who was fighting a chosen one, in the back. “The enemy are the ones trying to kill you.” 
“That helps,” I snapped, lifting my sword and swiping it across the neck of a vampire about to bite into a chosen one. The blade got stuck again. As the vampire cried out in surprise, I jerked my weapon free. 
“We’re outnumbered, Thane.”
He lifted his crossbow and pointed it at a vampire fighting Will. “You worry too much.”  
I released a harsh laugh. “Yeah, I wonder why that is.” 
He released the arrow and the vampire fell. Will quickly cut off its head. “Just wait.” 
He paused there in the middle of the clearing. I waited next to him, watching the fight around us and wondering why we weren’t helping. “Look.” Thane nodded toward the right. 
I followed his gaze and watched as a vampire knelt beside the body of a dying chosen one. He sank his teeth into the man’s throat. My stomach lurched. “We need to help him.”
“It’s too late, the man’s dying. But keep watching.” 
“I don’t want to keep—” The vampire pulled back, gagging like a cat with a hairball. Realization washed over me. “The serum?” 
“Yes. We had enough to give it to the men and women fighting today.”
He wasn’t the only vampire who was gagging on human blood. “Even if it prevents a few from feeding, they can still kill us.”
“True, but at least it’s a start.” He snatched the sword from my hand and swung it wide before I even had time to realize a vampire was coming straight at us. The blade hit the blood sucker in the neck and he went down. Thane handed the sword back to me. “Thanks.” 
“Sure.” Just like that he was gone, scooping up the sword of some fallen man and heading into the fray. 
With no choice, I followed him, protecting his back when he didn’t seem in the least bit concerned. But before I could get to Thane, I tripped, tumbling toward a fighting couple. I stumbled out of the way just as a sword swooshed by me. Off balance, I fell to my knees. Around me the fury of war raged on, but the battle cries faded as I stared into the eyes of a decapitated head. A chosen one. An innocent woman with short, curly hair that reminded me of Kelly. 
Gasping, I jumped to my feet. The need to get away from the death and destruction overwhelmed me. I spun around to find someone I knew, needing the grounding familiarity, and that was when I saw Bacchus sweeping across the field. Hell, he was headed straight toward Thane. 
“Thane!” I cried out, but he either didn’t hear me or was too busy fighting to care. 
Will caught my gaze, saw Bacchus and we both started running. Although Will was fast, I was much closer. 
Bacchus scooped up a dagger from a fallen vampire. Thane was battling in the midst of a group: vampire, dhampir and humans entangled in a fight for survival. Bacchus was close. So close.  
I leapt over a fallen man and lifted my sword just as Bacchus turned toward me. The blade hit him in the neck as he raised his hand, his dagger sinking into my side. I wasn’t sure who was more surprised. 
I stumbled as I landed on my feet. Bacchus gripped his neck, the blood pouring down around his fingers in silver ribbons that glimmered under the moonlight. 
“Jane!” Will called out. 
Trembling from fear, or perhaps shock, I fumbled to grab my sword as the blood trailed down my side. Bacchus stumbled toward me. Vaguely I was aware of Thane turning our way. I lifted my sword and swung again. It hit Bacchus in the side, sinking into his waist. Injured, he fell to his knees. 
I hadn’t killed him, but I had injured him enough for Will or Thane to finish the job. Panting, I merely stood there, my hand pressed to my wounded side as I stared at Bacchus who glared up at me from the ground where he lay bleeding…hopefully dying. 
“You saved me?” Thane asked. There was no surprise or even gratitude in his voice, mere curiosity. 
I took in a deep, trembling breath and met Thane’s gaze. Now that the shock was fading, pain replaced the numbness, beating in time with my heart. “Despite what you’ve done, I couldn’t let you die.” 
It was over. Somehow we had won. Around us, the chosen ones were thriving with help from the dhampir. I could finally rest. Will had grabbed Bacchus’ arms and was holding him to the ground. I wondered why he didn’t just kill him but was too exhausted to care. 
“Is she okay?” Will asked Thane. 
The sword fell from my fingers as the world around me spun. It was over but I definitely wasn’t okay. My knees buckled. I felt myself sinking toward the ground. Suddenly, Thane’s scent swirled around me, his arms holding me tight. 
I didn’t want him to touch me and tried to push away. But he wouldn’t relent and my strength waned. Unable to help myself, I gave into temptation and let the darkness come. 


Chapter 19


“You’re seriously going to let him live?” I seethed, trying to keep my temper in check, attempting to understand Will’s insane decision. “After all he’s done?”
Bacchus sat against an oak tree only about twenty feet away. The smirk on his face made me ill. We talked quietly, but I knew he could hear. His hands were chained behind his back, his ankles bonded as well. But with his strength, and with blood coursing through his body, he could easily break the bonds. Thank God Will wasn’t allowing him to feed, which meant he would only grow weaker. One small consolation. How long would he last without blood? The sooner he died, the better. 
“He’s an asset,” Will explained as the camp around us awoke to their early morning routine. We’d been traveling for a week and my side was slowly, if painfully, mending. Will had managed to stitch the wound and Thane was keeping tabs to make sure there was no infection. Although it hurt, it could have been much, much worse. 
I released a harsh laugh. “You think he’s an asset because he claims he can help you?” I shook my head, frustrated and bemused. “He’s lying and will kill you the moment he can.”
Will sighed and raked his hands through his hair. “It’s a chance we have to take.”
I had to remind myself that this wasn’t my group to lead, that Will had been their fearless captain for years. They listened to him, they trusted him. But I still worried. “And if he turns on you?”
“We’ll have him under constant watch.”
It was pure stupidity. But it wasn’t the first time Will had done something I didn’t agree with and I assumed it wouldn’t be the last. But then it wouldn’t matter much longer. I scanned the group, chosen ones and dhampir mingling together, working in cooperation thanks to Thane. It was the only way we could win this war…with their help and the serum. We’d lost a lot of men and women a week ago, but we could have lost so many more. In the end, I supposed we had won. Although where war was concerned, I wasn’t sure if anyone could truly call themselves a winner. 
“I’m doing what’s best for the group,” Will said.  
Irate, my hands curled. “What’s best for—”
“Hey.” Kelly moved close and slid her arm around my waist, her presence always comforting. She smiled at me, but I could see the worry in her gaze. She’d arrived two days ago with a new group of chosen ones. Our camp had surged to at least seventy. A small army. “It’s done, it’s over. We won.” 
I knew she was trying to keep us from arguing. She was right…I tired of the fighting too. Still, the smile that lit my lips was forced. “Yeah. Great.” 
But it wasn’t over. It wouldn’t be over until the beautiful ones were dead. The wound throbbing at my side was a painful reminder. 
“Will,” someone called out. 
He hesitated, his gaze on me, but always a leader, he went off to help. Will would forever be called away by someone who needed him. He would never have a life of his own. But he thrived on it, so who was I to judge him? 
“We’ll start on the compounds,” Kelly said. “Help the other chosen ones escape, even force them to leave if we must.” She laughed, shaking her head over their naiveté. “They’ll be like newborns, unsure of their surroundings and—”
“I’m leaving Kelly.” 
Startled, she drew back. “No. Where would you go? You belong here, with us.” 
But I didn’t. I never had. “I have to go, you know that, right? I have to find Raven and see if he knows the recipe for the serum. If I don’t, then those chosen ones you rescue will be no better off outside the compounds.” 
She turned slowly and walked to a stone wall that had once, long, long ago, separated someone’s property from another. Her head bent, her face pale, I’d obviously surprised her. I moved to her side and leaned against the wall. “You know I have to.”
She nodded, but didn’t speak. 
“Kelly,” my voice caught. “When you help my brothers and sister escape, take care of them, okay?” 
When she finally met my gaze, tears shimmered in her dark eyes. The early morning sun rose behind her, making her glow. I would remember her this way forever: beautiful, kind, caring. “Will I see you again?”
“Sure,” I whispered. “Of course.” 
But we knew the truth. I couldn’t survive long out there on my own. I’d most likely never see her again. But I couldn’t stay here and watch more people murdered either. If I could make it to Raven…at least find him and plead my case, they might have a chance. 
My attention went to Will. I watched him give the orders, watched as he listened patiently to the others who came to him with questions. Even the dhampir who stood warily to the side, unsure how they fit into this group, respected Will and his orders. Will was exactly where he was supposed to be. I’d miss him, but I knew he belonged here. As did Kelly. 
“I’m so sorry. I had no idea Tony would…” A tear slid down her cheek, and then another. Her guilt ate at me. I couldn’t leave letting her think this was all her fault. 
“I know. We were all fooled,” I lied. 
“If I would have—”
“Kelly.” I grabbed her hand. “Even Will believed in Tony. It wasn’t just you.” 
She met my gaze. “But you didn’t trust him, did you?”
I didn’t respond. No need to make her feel worse. 
“It’s why you’ll survive over all of us.” She pulled her hand away and swiped at her damp cheeks. “You trust your instincts. You’ll take care of yourself?” She threw her arms around my neck and hugged me close before I could respond. I savored that embrace, the comfort of her touch. People died too quickly, too suddenly in this world. How long would she last? 
I pulled back and smiled at her. For two months I’d been with these people. I’d seen the season change from spring to summer. Buds grow to flowers and then leaves. But would we still be here for the next season? “See you soon.”
She nodded. 
“Go on.” I glanced toward the camp. “They need you.” 
She moved hesitantly toward the injured and ill. As she left my side, Will started toward me once more, his steps slow and unhurried. Our gazes met and held. For a long moment we just stood there, staring at each other. 
“You’re leaving, aren’t you?” 
I could see the vulnerability in his eyes and it surprised me that he cared. But things had changed the moment Will took Susan’s side. Perhaps our relationship had never really been what I’d thought. Maybe, just maybe, I’d put him on a pedestal when he was merely a guy…a normal guy. Not a god like I’d read about in one of my books. 
“Don’t go,” he whispered.  
Even as I knew I couldn’t stay, my heart leapt with hope. It would be so easy to remain here, and allow things to fall back into routine. But if I stayed I would once again be labeled, placed into a position, told what to do. I needed to think for myself, find my own way through this strange world. “I’m going to find Raven.” 
“I see.” And he did understand. He knew it wasn’t just about the serum, but about me making a life for myself. We had two separate paths to travel. 
“Good bye, Will. I’ll see you soon.”
He nodded, gripped my shoulders and pulled me close, pressing his lips to my forehead. Then, without a word he turned and started back toward the group. I took one last look at Will. He’d already gathered the others together and was shouting out orders once more. A born leader. The predictability of it all made me smile. 
“Your blood smells clean,” Bacchus called out. “No infection. Very good for you.” 
My body went cold. Slowly, I shifted my attention to the vampire. The steel manacles around his wrist would supposedly hold. But at times, when I found him watching me, I wondered if his capture was all an act. Perhaps he wanted to be caught for some nefarious reason. 
“Thane is good at finding the ripe ones,” Bacchus added.  A slow smile spread across his lips. He didn’t seem to be in the least bit frightened or worried about his future. “But I’m better.”
“Good for you.” I scooped up my pack and threw it over my shoulder, determined to get as far away from him as possible.
”Jane, dear. I know.” 
I paused, my back to him. Keep walking, keep walking. I couldn’t. “What?”
“I know you didn’t take the vaccine. Your blood smells as clean as it did two months ago.”
The vaccine I’d hidden in my bag felt heavy, thrumming and alive. How did he know? No, he couldn’t. I shoved aside my fear, I would not let him manipulate me. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
I started up the hill toward Thane, but all the while I could feel Bacchus’ gaze on me, burning a hole into my back. The vampire was merely trying to scare me; I wouldn’t let him. Still, the urge to leave the camp and get as far away from him as possible overwhelmed me. 
Halfway up the hill Thane’s intense gaze met mine and I forgot all about Bacchus. He leaned against a tree, his pack at his feet. On the outskirts, always on the outskirts of camp. “Hey.” 
He didn’t respond, just watched me with those unreadable eyes. We’d barely talked in the week since the battle. He showed up every evening to check my wound for infection and then would saunter off, sitting in the dark shadows of camp. Once in a while he’d speak with the other dhampir, but no one else. For the first time in a long while I was excited and nervous about what the future might bring. 
“You were working for them all along.”
He shrugged. “They thought I was.”
I took in a deep trembling breath, trying to retain control of my emotions. Thane had the ability to annoy me like no other. But it would do no good to be angry at him. “Did you lead them to Jimmy? Is he dead because of you?”
“No.” He was calm as he responded, always in control. “I could never do that.” 
Perhaps I was an idiot, but I believed him. “I need you.”
He quirked a brow. 
I flushed, looking away. “I mean…I’m leaving.”
“I heard.” 
He’d heard. Had he been listening to my conversation with Will and Kelly? I brushed aside the thought. “You owe me, I saved your life.”
“Yes, but you actually had owed me one, if you remember.”
I fought my sigh. He would think of that. “So, we’re even.”
He didn’t respond, his lips didn’t lift, but I swore I could see the amusement in his eyes. If he came with me, it wouldn’t be because either of us owed each other anything. It would be because he wanted to. 
“Do you like me?” I blurted out. 
He shrugged. “You’re okay.”
I sighed, frustrated. “I’m serious, Thane. Do you want to…kiss me and other stuff?”
The amusement in his blue eyes was rather obvious now. “Other stuff?”
The heat of embarrassment rushed to my cheeks, but I was determined to get the truth from him once and for all. “Answer the question.”
He took in a deep breath, looked toward the woods as if to gather his thoughts, and then refocused on me. “Yes.”
My heart fluttered, even as my mind told me not to trust his answer. “You’ve lied to me.”
He pushed away from the tree. “Actually, I never lied, I only allowed you to believe what you wanted.”
“No, don’t play word games.” I shoved my finger into his chest. “You purposefully kept information from me. No more. You understand? If we’re going to do this, it’s as partners. Partners who share everything. No secrets. No omissions.”
“Everything?”
I swallowed hard. Good god, not everything. “Well, the important stuff.” Flustered, I tucked a loose lock of hair behind my ear. “I’m leaving now, and…I want you to come with me.”
“What about Will?”
“Will has his own life here.” I glanced back at the group. They were packing up camp, preparing to head out, always on the move. At least this time I would choose my direction of travel. Will might not think Raven had the ingredients for the serum, but I did. 
“This is what he lives for. But I can’t stay.” If anyone would understand, it would be Thane. After all, he’d never belonged either. “Will you come with me?”
“So he won’t go and instead you ask me?”
I frowned. Was Thane actually jealous? Impossible. “No. I didn’t ask him.” Was he dragging this out on purpose? “Listen, if you don’t want to go, then fine. I’ll go on my own. I don’t need—”
Before I could finish Thane reached out, grabbed me around the waist and jerked me forward. His lips found mind in a possessive, uncompromising kiss. I might not have known what tomorrow would bring, but in that brief moment everything felt right with the world once more. When he pulled back, I was breathless and dizzy, but mostly I was relieved. Thane might not be one to speak from the heart, but he’d said what he’d needed to with that kiss. 
“Where are we going?” he asked. 
“To find Raven.”
“I see.” He released his hold on me, picked up his pack and shrugged it onto his shoulders. “Then let’s go.”
He didn’t question me, but trusted my decision. 
I looked back only once to memorize the details of the people I had come to care about. Kelly and Will were watching us. Will looked upset, Kelly merely sad. I knew they’d seen the kiss and were confused by our relationship. But to me the feelings I had for Thane were anything but confusing. In fact, they were the only thing in my life that felt real and normal and right. Will turned away and started back to the group, his people. Kelly waved her consent. I smiled back at her. 
“Ready?” When Thane held out his hand, I slid my fingers around his. 
Grandfather had said I would need someone strong to help me on this journey. I knew without a doubt that man was Thane. I’d known the moment I’d met him, even if it had taken me awhile to realize it. Even longer to admit it.
As I followed Thane up the hill, away from the comforts of the familiar and into the unknown once more, I thought about what Bacchus had said. 
Somehow he had known I hadn’t taken the serum. 
Maybe he believed I hadn’t taken the antidote for love…for Thane. Perhaps a part of that was true. But that romantic me had died when I’d left the compound. 
I hadn’t taken the vaccine. 
But the reasoning behind my decision hadn’t been merely to save Thane if he needed the blood. Will wasn’t the only one concerned about the welfare of others. I hadn’t taken the serum for the greater good. If we wanted to survive, if I wanted to find Raven, I would need Thane, and Thane would need blood. 
If I wanted to keep my brothers and sister alive, if I wanted to save the others, I might have to sacrifice myself. 
For now, I was okay with that.

The End

I hope you’ve enjoyed The Chosen Ones. If you’re interested in finding out what happens to Jane and Thanatos, head to my website at www.LoriBrighton.com and sign up for my newsletter located on the contact page. This newsletter will contain valuable information about upcoming releases, including the release date for The Forsaken Ones, the next book in The Beautiful Ones series.


About Lori Brighton

Lori has a degree in Anthropology and worked as a museum curator. Deciding the people in her imagination were slightly more exciting than the dead things in a museum basement, she set out to become an author. Lori writes Romance for adults, as well as Young Adult books for teens and adults. 

To find out more about Lori visit her at: www.LoriBrighton.com

Lori’s Young Adult Books:

The Chosen Ones Series:
The Beautiful Ones: Prequel (Free)
The Chosen Ones: Book 1
The Forsaken Ones: Book 2

The Mind Readers Series:

The Mind Readers: Book 1 (Ebook version is free!)
The Mind Thieves: Book 2
The Mind Games: Book 3
The Mind Keepers (Series-ending Novella)

The Matchmaker Series:
Make Me a Match: Book 1





